A fan modification brings Electronic Art's Battlefield 2142 back from the dead, though only time will tell if EA will eventually shut down the unofficial mod.
Veterans of the Battlefield franchise will remember the titan-filled futuristic shooter Battlefield 2142, a game which enjoyed the peak of its success back in 2006. The title was one of the victims of the GameSpy server shutdowns of 2014, which meant that gamers attempting to play the game online were suddenly unable to do so, essentially locking everyone out of the entire game.
Several years later, a collective of fans has now taken it upon themselves to develop Battlefield 2142 Revival, an unofficial modification that brings online gameplay back to Battlefield 2142.
As one might expect, taking an entire game from a publisher and releasing it for free seems like a recipe for legal troubles. As it turns out, Battlefield 2142 isn't the only post-GameSpy server victim to receive the fan revival treatment, and so far the fans behind the modification haven't been forced to remove any of the content. The modification seems to average around 200 concurrent players, which is certainly enough for several full servers of futuristic Suez Canal madness (a map which was destined to return to the series at a later date).
Unfortunately, it looks like any statistics and unlocks players previously had on the GameSpy servers have been lost to the annals of time.
As we stated before, there's been no indication that Electronic Arts will move in and shut down the unauthorized Battlefield 2142 servers, but it's still something that could happen with minimal warning. A quiet post-release takedown would echo Nintendo's actions earlier this month, when the company waited until Pokémon Uranium was finished before taking it down. However, given that there are no official servers for Battlefield 2142 left running (and no plans to start any official ones), it seems like a win-win for EA to let Battlefield 2142 Revival set up camp and let veterans reconnect with or experience an old entry to the series – especially so shortly ahead of the release of Battlefield 1.
Now that EA DICE is taking gamers into the past with the upcoming title, it looks like Battlefield 1 will feature a much grittier emphasis on melee combat – although we're sure each veteran Battlefield 2142 player will miss those glorious defibrillator kills. The new game's multiplayer has no shortage of things to see and do, so it's a good time to be a Battlefield fan right now.
At the time of writing, there are currently 7 Battlefield 2142 Revival servers online, and about half of them are full of the 64 player madness that the Battlefield series is famous for. Interested gamers can take a look at the modification here, and if that link is dead, that means the Electronic Arts legal team likely paid the website a visit.
Are you interested in going back to the future with Battlefield 2142, Ranters?
Source: Battlefield 2142 Revival
Pot-growing charges against a Toronto man were tossed out this week after an Ontario court judge found police inserted “cut and paste …fluff” and used a stereotype about Asian people in order to obtain a search warrant.
In his written ruling, Judge William Bassel said given the “boiler plate” information used by police that had “no connection to the investigation in question,” he had no choice but to exclude the evidence of 600 marijuana plants found on Dec. 11, 2006 in the west-end house at 26 Poynter Dr.
“There was no urgency in obtaining the warrant and the steps taken suggests an almost rubber stamp,” he wrote in the 26-page ruling.
“A search warrant's reach is so serious and so intrusive that there is an objective that must be met, and if that objective is not sought and recognized by the police, the very rationale and heart of the protection of Section 8 will be relegated to the dustbin.”
Section 8 of the Charter Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms provides everyone in Canada with protection against unreasonable search and seizure.
All drug-related charges against Tien Van Nguyen were withdrawn after the ruling.
Defence lawyer Kim Schofield challenged the constitutional validity of the warrant, which was issued after her client was arrested and his house searched. “People would be shocked if they knew the ease at which the police can obtain a search warrant to enter a private residence,” Schofield said yesterday.
Bassel noted police became interested in the dwelling after an anonymous tipster advised, that the “front yard is looked after enough to avoid suspicion” and “two years ago Asian people bought the house.”
The police also cited hydro records showing the average consumption for the preceding five months was 80.566 kWH, compared to the average 38 and 39 kWH used in neighbouring homes.
The judge questioned the reference to Asians: “What possible relevance can the fact that the supposed owners are Asians have, other than to subtly mark this fact as an improper stereotypical message …that here goes again yet another Asian grow operation?”
– Article from The Toronto Star on January 17, 2009.
President Obama on Thursday rebuked Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's criticism of his leadership, expressing confidence Americans would oppose the Republican presidential nominee and his “wacky” ideas on Election Day.
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama sought to use his bully pulpit at the conclusion of his final trip to Asia as president to portray Trump as someone who is unfit to occupy the Oval Office.
“Every time he speaks, that opinion is confirmed,” Obama said during a news conference in Laos.
The president's latest criticism of Trump came after the GOP nominee laid into him at a town hall Wednesday night on national security issues.
The Republican nominee said Russian President Vladimir Putin has been a better leader than Obama and that U.S. generals have been “reduced to rubble” on the commander in chief's watch.
Obama said that his stops at international summits in China and Laos showed that governing is “serious business” that requires U.S. presidents to be well-informed, have coherent policy ideas and the temperament to implement them.
“The most important thing for the public and the press is to just listen to what he says and follow up and ask questions about what appear to be either contradictory or uninformed, or outright wacky, ideas,” Obama said of Trump.
He also urged voters not to give Trump a pass for not having hashed out policy ideas because he is a political neophyte.
“People start thinking that we should be grading on a curve,” he said.
“I have confidence that if, in fact, people just listen to what he has to say or look at his track record — or lack thereof — that they'll make a good decision.”
Photo from Tucson's Faith Christian Church website
Why cash remains sacred in American churches
Why do people need cash in churches?
A Billion Photos/Shutterstock
James Hudnut-Beumler, Vanderbilt University
On Tuesday, June 27, it will be 50 years since the first automated cash dispenser – which came to be known as an automated teller machine (ATM) – was inaugurated in London.
Just thinking about it brings a smile to my face. I belong to the generation who stood 45 minutes to an hour to deposit or cash checks in the pre-ATM era. I remember getting yelled at for taking my bicycle through the drive-up line at the National Bank of Detroit to avoid the much longer line inside. It did not take me very long to become an early adopter of the magical cards and 24-hour banking.
Later, in my work as a historian of American religion, I extensively studied the role money has played in religious life. In my book, “In Pursuit of the Almighty's Dollar: A History of Money and American Protestantism,” I retold the American history of the nation's largest religious stream in terms of the search for money to pay for religious ministries and the purposes for which churches spent the money they collected.
So, what impact did ATMs have on church life?
Giving to the church
Fundamentally, the legal separation of church and state in the late 18th and early 19th centuries in the United States did more than simply assure freedom of religion – it privatized what until then in Europe had been a public good and provided funding under the auspices of the state. In the U.S., religious leaders and their ministries had to increasingly depend on voluntary donations and to appeal ever more strenuously for those gifts.
Over the 19th century, various church support schemes were tried and abandoned. What in Europe had been a discreet offering with alms boxes kept at the back of the church (alms for the poor) became a central ritual activity in America. In most American weekly church services, offering plates were passed around to finance all church activities. As giving became very public, one of the features of the weekly offering was, of course, that all gathered could see who was giving, if not how much.
Once the age of plastic money arrived, all of this ritual and financial necessity in American churches was jeopardized. ATMs began appearing in churches, providing a way for people to come up with the ready cash to give to God and their church.
Nature of money
So, why did people need cash in the first place? To answer this question, it is important to first understand the nature of cash in context of religious life.
The German sociologist Georges Simmel famously noted that the essential, almost magical quality of money is that it is fungible – that is, it is exchangeable or replaceable. Individuals can use the same US$100 to buy drugs, feed a frugal family for a week, buy a designer scarf or give it to God in an offering plate.
Indeed, as we know only too well, money is a universal currency to purchase things of incommensurate worth. However, as sociologist Viviana Zelizer explains in her memorable book, “The Social Meaning of Money: Pin Money, Paychecks, Poor Relief, and Other Currencies,” not all money is the same – there are social and moral dimensions to money that are frankly surprising.
To illustrate, Zelizer narrates the striking example of Marty, a 1950s Philadelphia gang member who would donate to the church only the 25 cents that he got from his mother – not money from robberies. When asked, Marty provided a clear distinction between different sets of money. He said,
“Oh, no, that is bad money; that is not honest money.”
But the money he got from his mother was earned through hard work so “he could offer it to God.” Marty is the kind of person who, when asked, “Who would know? would reply, “God would.” The point is, not all dollars are equal – individuals have some strong ideas about clean and dirty money, or just appropriate and inappropriate money.
Here is where ATMs come into the story.
Donations in the age of ATMs
Automated teller machines started to make their first appearance in the lobbies of evangelical churches just over a dozen years ago. It was important for churches to have something to put into the collection plate, and it was important that it be cash that people actually possessed – not a promise to pay someday on their credit card accounts. Thus, the ATM allowed evangelicals who didn't carry a checkbook or a wallet full of cash not to be embarrassed when the offering plates or baskets came around.
Marty Baker, pastor of the Stevens Creek Church in Augusta, Georgia, was widely credited as the first to install two ATMs in the church lobby in 2005. The first year the donations produced $100,000. They more than doubled by the next year to more than $200,000. He was so successful in increasing giving by making cash available (up 18 percent over pre-ATM machine levels) that he took it one step further, by introducing the “automatic tithing machine” that took cash out of the giver's account and deposited it directly into the church's coffers. This new ATM was beginning to virtualize the all-important collection. Some users responded by placing their receipts in the plate at the appropriate time in the service.
The tithe, of course, refers to the tenth of one's income conservative Protestants are largely taught to pay to the church in gratitude for what God has done. It is a sacred obligation, and the cash money is a serious matter.
There are two interesting dimensions of this appearance of ATMs and churches to consider. One is the strong affinity between cash and conservative evangelicals. For many evangelicals debt is a form of bondage – a message conveyed through conservative radio financial guru Dave Ramsey's Financial Peace University to tens of millions of his followers on AM radio each week in his call-in programs. Ramsey teaches how to “dump debt, budget, build wealth and give like never before!” The building of wealth is a corollary to eschewing debt and it makes Christians free, in Ramsey's view to be godly.
The point is, money isn't just a fungible means to various ends, it is sacred to these believers.
In cash we trust
The second dimension for consideration in the appearance of ATMs in the lobbies of evangelical churches is that they signaled something by their very presence: America was in fact becoming a cashless society. The debit card that people carried in their wallet could be just as good as cash anywhere else, but in the sanctuary, cash was the appropriate offering.
So as in the ancient world where Jews from all over the world exchanged their secular coins in the Court of the Gentiles in Jerusalem's Second Temple for coins with no image on them that they could use inside to make various offerings and purchase sacrifices, today's believers also needed to make an exchange.
Those ancient believers were obeying the Second Commandment (“Thou shalt make no graven images,” Exodus 20:4–6). American Christians were, by contrast, partial to greenbacks with the words, “In God We Trust” on them.
Who would've guessed 50 years ago when the automatic teller machine was invented that this modern human financial interface would also play a part in the interface between human beings and their God?
James Hudnut-Beumler, Professor of American Religious History, Vanderbilt University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
I was just reading this MailOnline article about Finland, headlined (and it's a long headline): Nazi daggers, SS hats and a hangman's noose: On night patrol with the "Soldiers of Odin," neo-Nazi led vigilantes vowing to "keep Europe's women safe from migrant sex attacks". [By Jake Wallis Simons, February 4, 2016]
That's the headline. They don't stint on headlines over there at the Mail.
The Daily Mail story concerns that group mentioned in the headline—the “Soldiers of Odin.” It's a vigilante group that's come up in response to Finland taking in 32,000 illegal immigrants last year, most from Iraq.
Imprimis: Just a couple of queries here about these Finnish vigilantes, the Sons of Odin.
First query: Odin was a Norse god, a god of the Germanic people. The Finns aren't Germanic. Their language is not even Indo-European. The hero god of the Finns is actually a chap named Vainamoinen, conceived in Ilmatar, Goddess of the Air, by the East Wind.
I think what we have here is a case of Cultural Appropriation!
Second query: It's commendably thorough of them to have had those T-shirts made up with the words DEFEND FINLAND printed on the front; and those windbreaker jackets with the words SOLDIERS OF ODIN printed on the back, and the caps printed with S.O.O. for "Soldiers of Odin," but…why are all those things printed in English?
If Google Translate can be depended on, "Defend Finland" translates into Finnish as Puolustaa Suomi. "Soldiers of Odin" would be Sotilaat Odin—although, as I just pointed out, Sotilaat Vainamoinen would be more ethnically authentic.
So for a group claiming to defend their people and culture, I must say, I think the Sons of Odin are putting on a pretty poor show.
If they want to get some properly authentic T-shirts and jackets printed up, I know a firm in Sacramento that could use the business.
I'll just pause to note how many that illegal alien influx into Finland is: 32,000 in a country whose entire population is less than 5½ million.
That would be like the U.S.A. taking in two million in one year.
And that understates the case. Finland has been far more homogeneous, racially and culturally, than the U.S.A. ever was. In the country profile at the CIA World Factbook, on figures dated from 2006, the ethnic breakdown in Finland was: Finns 93.4 percent, Swedes 5.6 percent, all others one percent—mostly Russians.
Imagine that: your only significant minority group is Swedes!
But the Finnish politicians, like their clueless counterparts elsewhere in Europe, hung out the welcome sign to illegal immigrants. In fact in September last year the Prime Minister of Finland did so well-nigh literally, offering to open his own country house to the illegals.
Reality seems to have taken a grip, though. Last Sunday the Prime Minister withdrew that offer, quote, "because of security concerns." [Finnish PM drops promise to let refugees use his home , Guardian, February 2, 2016] Wednesday this week the President of Finland—that's a different guy, and in fact from a different political party—told the country's parliament that too many illegals were claiming asylum and most were just economic migrants. Now the Finnish government is talking about deporting two-thirds of the 32,000. [ Finland's president says migrants are threatening Western values and many are not fleeing danger but just looking for an easier life, by Simon Tomlinson, Daily Mail, February 4, 2016]
Anyway, back to that original story about vigilantes. Not surprisingly—unless you're as stupid as a European politician—this flood of tens of thousands of Middle Eastern Muslims, mostly obstreperous young men, into Finland's exceptionally homogeneous society, has generated a reaction. These Soldiers of Odin are part of that reaction.
A hardened cynic like your correspondent here naturally rolls his eyes at words like "neo-Nazi," mention of the SS, and so on. The threshold for being called a neo-Nazi is just too low nowadays. The Southern Poverty Law Center ($PLC to VDARE.com) will call you a neo-Nazi if you disapprove of Affirmative Action.
I must say, though—and even taking the MailOnline story with a pinch of salt: it's a tabloid newspaper, after all—the Soldiers of Odin look like an unsavory bunch. Beaucoup tattoos, criminal records, and yes, Nazi memorabilia.
What really caught my eye in the story, however, was this line: "Fewer than 8,000 police officers are employed in the country, making it one of the smallest forces per capita in Europe.”
That took me off on a tangent, wondering how policed different countries are.
With 8,000 cops for 5½ million people, Finland has 143 officers per hundred thousand, against a world median of around 300. So yes, Finland's is a low number. The U.S.A. has 256, eighty percent more than Finland (though still below the median). Russia has 546, nearly four times as many as Finland.
Those are numbers I got from Google queries; goodness knows whether the counting methodologies match up. Scanning comparison tables, in fact, you don't see much correlation between how policed a country is and one's general impression of its lawlessness. Places like El Salvador and Colombia have sensational homicide rates, but policing densities not much above the world median.
The lowest number I see there is for Mali, 48 per hundred thousand. I wouldn't say that Mali is my notion of an exceptionally law-abiding country—but what do I know? I've never been to Mali.
I guess there are several variables in play there. The meanness of cops, for example. Really mean, corrupt cops, in a country that allows them to be mean and corrupt, has to have more deterrent value than a friendly, unarmed bobby on a bicycle.
And then there's how urbanized a country is; and how much crime citizens are used to, or willing to put up with; and whether citizens are armed…Many variables.
But all right, Third World aside, by European standards—First World standards—Finns don't need much policing. Or didn't, before they laid out the welcome mat. Now they've got thirty thousand leering, groping Muslims and skinheads with whole-body tattoos and Rottweilers out on patrol.
Finland then: A quiet, homogeneous nation of industrious, well-behaved people that didn't need much policing.
Finland now, or soon: Another doomed experiment in multiculturalism, with unassimilable Muslims demanding privileges, angry disaffected underclass natives breaking windows, and decent people staying away from public spaces.
Way to mess up a quiet, sleepy, homogeneous little Scandinavian country, guys.
John Derbyshire [email him] writes an incredible amount on all sorts of subjects for all kinds of outlets. (This no longer includes National Review, whose editors had some kind of tantrum and fired him. ) He is the author of We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism and several other books. He's had two books published by VDARE.com: FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT (also available in Kindle) and From the Dissident Right II: Essays 2013. His writings are archived at JohnDerbyshire.com.
Readers who wish to donate (tax deductible) funds specifically earmarked for John Derbyshire's writings at VDARE.com can do so here.
“in design and architecture at University in Slovenia,” according to the bio as of
It's a good story, but it doesn't appear to be true.
Melania Trump never earned a university degree in architecture ― she dropped out of college after her freshman year, according to her biographers. Still, she claims to have a degree from “university in Slovenia.”
Questions about her education grew more significant Tuesday morning, following the revelation that Questions about her education grew more significant Tuesday morning, following the revelation that Melania Trump plagiarized parts of her speech to the Republican National Convention from one that First Lady Michelle Obama gave in 2008.
That revelation on Monday raised the question of whether there was anything else Melania Trump hadn't been entirely truthful about.
Slovenian journalists Bojan Pozar and Igor Omerza wrote in their biography on the former fashion model that she “ became ― and remained ― a college dropout” after leaving the University of Ljubljana's architecture school following her freshman year.
Below is their account of this period of her life in the book, Melania Trump ― The Inside Story: From a Slovenian Communist Village to the White House:
In her freshman year, the 19-year old Melanija Knavs attended lectures on the following subjects: elements of architecture, fine arts, fundamentals of technical mechanics, architectural construction, descriptive geometry, mathematics, and an ideological (read “communist”) elective credit called “General Partisan Resistance and Social Self-protection”. Melanija would have made it to her sophomore year, even having failed 2 exams, but she was supposed to have gotten and held a 1-month internship and kept a journal about it.
******
Later, in America, after meeting Donald Trump and officially becoming his partner, Melania Knauss told the media that she got her degree in architecture and design. This was almost certainly done in consultation with Trump and his advisors, as they were desperate to give off the impression that the Slovenian model was not just beautiful, but also smart and well-educated.
Since when did the New York Times get into the business of publishing old-school bigoted rants deriding whole populations and cultures as cognitively incapacitated? This is a pressing question considering David Brooks' stunning column today on the situation in Egypt.
In his piece, titled "Defending the Coup," Brooks offers up the standard "burn the village to save it" argument for subverting democracy. That's not what's interesting, nor is his omission of the entire 30-year history of the U.S.-backed dictatorships in Egypt, and how that might make a transition to democracy a bit bumpy. Those facile theories and omissions are standard fare in the establishment media -- irritating, offensive, but hardly newsworthy.
Advertisement:
What is newsworthy is the Times publishing a column that uses those theories and omissions to then forward an argument that reads like a unhinged manifesto from a 19th century eugenicist. Here's what I mean (emphasis added):
Right now, as Walter Russell Mead of Bard College put it, there are large populations across the Middle East who feel intense rage and comprehensive dissatisfaction with the status quo but who have no practical idea how to make things better... It's not that Egypt doesn't have a recipe for a democratic transition. It seems to lack even the basic mental ingredients.
Yes, that's right, according to Brooks, a country and culture of 82 million is having a difficult time transitioning to democracy not because it has been repressed for decades, and not because it has few well-established democratic institutions, but instead because the people inherently don't possess the cognitive ("mental") capacity for self-governance.
To know this is some hardcore bigotry, just imagine saying the same thing about another demographic subgroup. Imagine, for instance, if Brooks said cities with large minority populations in the United States were facing corruption problems and blight because those minorities "lack even the basic mental ingredients" for better governance. It would be universally -- and rightly -- denounced as wildly racist by everyone other than white supremacists.
As alluded to above, there are many reasons Egypt is facing serious problems. You can say that and also believe Mohamed Morsi was a disastrous leader for the country. But once you get into deriding entire populations as intrinsically lacking the cognitive capacity for self-governance, you've jumped into the ugliest, most discredited and vile kind of invective of all -- the kind of bigotry that insinuates whole populations are genetically, culturally or otherwise inherently deficient.
That kind of ugly propaganda was supposed to be a thing of the past, but David Brooks and the Times prove it is still unfortunately very much a part of the present.
On military live fire training ranges, troops practice firing artillery shells, drop bombs on old tanks or derelict buildings and test the capacity of new weapons.
But those explosives and munitions leave behind toxic compounds that have contaminated millions of acres of U.S. military bases -- with an estimated cleanup bill ranging between $16 billion and $165 billion.
In a paper published online Nov. 16 in Plant Biotechnology Journal, University of Washington and University of York researchers describe new transgenic grass species that can neutralize and eradicate RDX -- a toxic compound that has been widely used in explosives since World War II.
UW engineers introduced two genes from bacteria that learned to eat RDX and break it down into harmless components in two perennial grass species: switchgrass (Panicum virgatum) and creeping bentgrass (Agrostis stolonifera). The best-performing strains removed all the RDX from a simulated soil in which they were grown within less than two weeks, and they retained none of the toxic chemical in their leaves or stems.
It is the first reported demonstration of genetically transforming grasses to supercharge their ability to remove contamination from the environment. Grasses are hearty, fast-growing, low-maintenance plants that offer practical advantages over other species in real-world cleanup situations.
"This is a sustainable and affordable way to remove and destroy pollutants on these training ranges," said senior author and UW professor of civil and environmental engineering Stuart Strand, whose lab focuses on taking genes from microorganisms and animals that are able to degrade toxic compounds and engineering them into useful plants.
"The grasses could be planted on the training ranges, grow on their own and require little to no maintenance. When a toxic particle from the munitions lands in a target area, their roots would take up the RDX and degrade it before it can reach groundwater," Strand said.
RDX is an organic compound that forms the base for many common military explosives, which can linger in the environment in unexploded or partially exploded munitions. In large enough doses, it has been shown to cause seizures and organ damage, and it's currently listed by the Agency for Toxic Substances & Disease Registry as a potential human carcinogen.
Unlike other toxic explosives constituents such as TNT -- which binds to soils and tends to stay put -- RDX dissolves easily in water and is more prone to spread contamination beyond the limits of a military range, manufacturing facility or battleground.
"Particles get scattered around and then it rains," Strand said. "Then RDX dissolves in the rainwater as it moves down through the soil and winds up in groundwater. And, in some cases, it flows off base and winds up in drinking water wells."
Wild grass species do remove RDX contamination from the soil when they suck water up through their roots, but they don't significantly degrade it. So when the grasses die, the toxic chemical is re-introduced into the landscape.
Co-authors Neil Bruce and Liz Rylott, biotechnology professor and research scientist, respectively, at the University of York and colleagues had previously isolated enzymes found in bacteria that evolved to use the nitrogen found in RDX as a food source. That digestion process has the added benefit of degrading the toxic RDX compound into harmless constituents.
The bacteria themselves aren't an ideal cleanup tool because they require other food sources that aren't always present on military training ranges. So Bruce and Rylott tried inserting the bacterial genes into plant species commonly used in laboratory settings. Those experiments proved that the new plant strains were able to remove RDX contamination much more successfully than their wild counterparts.
"Considering the worldwide scale of explosives contamination, plants are the only low cost, sustainable solution to cleaning up these polluted sites," said Bruce.
The UW team of civil and environmental engineers spent eight years working to express the same genes in plant species that could stand up to real-world use. They needed a hearty perennial species that grows back year after year and that has strong root systems that can bounce back after fires.
Grasses fit that bill, but they are more difficult to manipulate genetically. In particular, the UW engineers had to build into their gene constructs robust monocot "promoters" -- or regions of DNA that cause a particular gene to be expressed -- for the process to work in grass species.
"For cleaning up contaminated soils, grasses work best, but they're definitely not as easy to transform, especially since flexible systems to express multiple genes in grasses have not been used before," said first author and acting UW instructor Long Zhang.
The research team also found another unexpected side benefit: because the genetically modified grasses use RDX as a nitrogen source, they actually grow faster than wild grass species.
Next steps for the UW research team include limited field trials on a military training range to test how the strains perform under different conditions. Wider use would require USDA approval to ensure that the genetic modifications pose no threat to wild grass species.
"I think it would be ecologically acceptable because the genes we've introduced degrade real pollutants in the environment and cause no harm," Strand said. "From my perspective, this is a useful technology that's beneficial to the environment and has the potential to remove dangerous legacy contamination from decades of military activity."
This one is really hard to believe, even for the most biased so-called "news network" in the nation.
MSNBC on Tuesday totally trashed Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney for collecting food and supplies at a storm relief rally in Ohio to be sent to victims of Hurricane Sandy (video follows with transcript and commentary):
After introducing his Obama-supporting guests Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed and Lehigh professor James Peterson, host Martin Bashir played a clip of the President speaking at the Red Cross headquarters in Washington Tuesday.
When the clip concluded, Bashir said, “Mayor Reed, so the Red Cross knows what it's doing. Did he, did you detect perhaps a subtle dig there on Mr. Romney who spent today going against the guidelines established by the Red Cross and holding a campaign rally in Ohio that was dressed up like a charity drive collecting food and other supplies when the Red Cross expressly asked people not to do that?”
Imagine that. A presidential candidate who gives millions of dollars a year to charity does a storm relief event in Ohio, and an MSNBC anchor is disgusted by it because the Red Cross would prefer people donating cash.
Yet according to the Washington Post:
The stop was billed as a “storm relief” event, and attendees were asked to bring non-perishable foods and other items for those affected by the storm. Long white tables to one side of the cavernous James S. Trent Arena were piled high with flashlights, batteries, diapers, toothbrushes, mini-deodorants, fleece blankets, cereal, toilet paper and canned goods.
Two large TV screens at the front of the venue bore the logo of the American Red Cross and the message: “Sandy: Support the Relief Effort. Text 'REDCROSS' to 90999 to make a $10 donation.”
So besides the food and supplies that Ohioans generously donated, two large television screens asked participants to send money to the Red Cross.
But this didn't make Bashir happy. Ditto his Obama-supporting guests.
“I think that this is just another moment where you see the clear striking difference between a president who has a heart for the American people and someone who simply wants to be president of the United States,” said Mayor Reed.
“Indeed,” replied Bashir who then asked for Peterson's input.
“I would agree,” echoed Peterson. “It's compassion that shows through in times like these. It's humanity that shows through in times like these, and it just seems clear that the President, in addition to stepping up and doing what he does as Commander-in-Chief, demonstrates compassion in these remarks and in his approach to this kind of serious disaster.”
“All we've seen from Romney and from his surrogates is all kinds of politicizing and misdirection,” Peterson continued, “and I think the American people in this sort of disastrous moment can really see in bold relief the differences between President Obama and former Governor Romney.”
So having a storm relief event with tables “piled high with flashlights, batteries, diapers, toothbrushes, mini-deodorants, fleece blankets, cereal, toilet paper and canned goods” along with two large television screens calling for donations to the Red Cross demonstrates a lack of compassion on MSNBC.
Yet the network didn't end there.
About a half hour later, Bashir brought GQ's Ana Marie Cox on to trash Romney's event.
“I found that sort of fake, relief rally, whatever it is, to be pretty offensive, and also wrong-headed,” said Cox. She actually called Romney “craven” for doing it.
I'm not kidding.
This was followed by MSNBC contributor Karen Finney saying, “As a former governor, I would think that he would know that what the Red Cross needs in times like this is money and blood.”
Yes, that's why there were two large television screens asking for people to donate to the Red Cross.
I guess the geniuses at MSNBC so blinded by their desire to get Obama re-elected didn't notice that, nor did they recognize that they were spitting on all the people in Ohio that turned out for this event to give of themselves to their fellow Americans in need.
Shame on Bashir and all those involved in this despicable couple of segments.
National tragedies like this are when we're all supposed to come together as a nation.
It's apparent that's not possible for these shills.
*****Update: Karen Finney has asked that I supply the fuller transcript of her discussion with Bashir on this subject:
ANA MARIE COX: I found that sort of fake relief rally, whatever it is, to be pretty offensive and also wrong-headed. You know, the Red Cross is put in this awkward position of saying, you know, “We don't need canned goods, thank you very much, Mr. 1950s. You know, like we need money, we need people to donate blood.” And I think that sort of is Mitt Romney sort of writ small as it were, right? Like to not only do something so craven, but to do it in a way that's not even helpful on a small scale.
MARTIN BASHIR: So Ana Marie, was it purely a photo opportunity? Was it purely for the sake of having people walk past him, hand him cans, and be on television?
COX: Well, it almost has to be seeing as how the thing he was doing was not something that the Red Cross actually needed. And so it almost has to be purely for politics purely as a photo-op. I mean, that's his entire campaign, purely a photo-op really.
BASHIR: Karen, you wanted to add something to that.
KAREN FINNEY: Well, I was just going to say, you know, Martin, the thing is like when you have a platform or an opportunity to communicate a message particularly in a time like this, I think it's incumbent on you to make sure that you're communicating what is the most effective, helpful thing. And as a former governor, I would think that he would know that what the Red Cross needs in times like this is money and blood. Of course, it is human nature to want to help your fellow American that's in trouble and to think “Oh, I'll buy food or I'll buy clothes.” But again, as we've been doing here on MSNBC and I hope other networks are doing, sort of helping, being a part of helping direct people to websites where they can donate or find out exactly what's needed. I mean, that really should be the role. If they wanted to do something helpful, that would actually be the thing they could have been doing that would be helpful.
Please recall what the Post reported concerning this matter: "Two large TV screens at the front of the venue bore the logo of the American Red Cross and the message: 'Sandy: Support the Relief Effort. Text 'REDCROSS' to 90999 to make a $10 donation.'"
As such, Romney did exactly what Finney et al claimed he should have, but they still ridiculed him for it.
Beyond this, the Red Cross website has a section called "Smart Giving Tips for Disasters." It does indeed address giving cash first, but doesn't prohibit other kinds of donations.
There a lot of ways to help in this situation, and if people were giving food, clothes, or supplies that they had taken from their homes to help in this situation - maybe because that's all they have! - mocking it is disgraceful.
*****Update II: It turns out MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell ridiculed Romney's storm relief rally hours before Bashir. Insanity surely runs rampant at this network.
Warsaw - The past days following the Nationalist riots of November 11, 2012 have been a time of solemn reflection for those of us in Poland and our friends watching around the world. We have awoken to a new reality, not in a hyperbolic or theoretical sense, but to a practical new reality of fascist terror on the streets of our cities, escalating exponentially. With burned out apartments, hospitalized anti-fascists, murders, mass nationalist marches through our cities, and now the formation of nationalist militias, and a call to overthrow the republic, we're asking ourselves, just as our grandparents asked 80 years ago, ‘how could this be happening in our times?'
Historical Context
The fall of the “communist” dictatorships in the 1990's led to a breeding ground for new political ideologies arising in former one-party states. Where once history was given to the people through Stalinist propaganda, the war over historical truth has returned, and nationalists have done everything in their power to re-envision history to their own sinister benefit. Today we see the trend all across the forgotten side of Europe. In Dresden, the nationalists organize marches to commemorate the victims of Allied bombings; In Hungary, pre-war nationalists (and Nazi allies) are glorified as the true defenders of freedom; In Ukraine, monuments are erected for the terrorist organization UPA and their leaders granted ‘national hero' status. We are living in extremely uncertain times, and the black and white narrative offered up by the nationalists is resonating with a generation suffering the realities of the modern economy.
In Poland the nationalists have spent the last 20 years co-opting soccer fan clubs in an attempt to take-over working class culture and identity. This is a tactic we've seen all over Europe, and the BBC's documentary criticizing fascist violence in Polish and Ukrainian soccer came as a shock to those outside the region considering a holiday trip to the EURO 2012 tournament. But nationalist culture and ideas are no longer just found around football stadiums, they are creeping more and more into everyday life, into mainstream media, in church sermons, even on university campuses.
The radical nationalists have traded in military garb and football club politics, for suits-and-ties and coalition building. Establishing alliances across the right, including with major media publications, they have gone from Nov. 11 marches of 300 nazi-skinheads in 2009 to 20,000 ‘patriots' in 2012 ready to ‘overthrow the system'. But we are not only talking about propaganda and marches, we are also confronting a new era of organized and coordinated violence unseen in years. Their strategy being two-fold, to clean up the public image of extreme politics (claiming the narrative of eternal victims, ‘true patriots' condemned by an oppressive system), while at the same time, creating a culture of violence just below the surface of their organizing. Their strategy culminating this November 11.
We have sat by in horror as gangs of nationalists terrorized Polish cities, and street fighting that accompanied the main march was simply written off by nationalists and their mass of conspiratorial sympathizers as, “provoked by undercover police.” The completely incompetent Polish media began to echo ONR's claims, matching the long, pitiful history of ‘National victimhood' which now seems to be the major myth of November 11. Last year's fairytale of ‘foreign antifascists coming to fight Polish patriots and demolish Warsaw' has been replaced by a new paranoid theory of ‘undercover police in ski-masks provoking riots in Warsaw.' The reality remains to be recognized by the mass of society, Polish nationalist violence is spiking and Polish antifascists, immigrants, and LGBT are experiencing it firsthand.
A short summary of the coordinated Nationalist violence in 2012
The wave of violence has not only occurred in recent days, over the past year we've seen one murder and dozens if not hundreds of attacks around the country. Easter night in Białystok: A gang of nationalists screaming they would ‘cleanse the city of leftists and faggots' murdered one student and stabbed several others. Stalking the streets for hours, the police failed to intervene. In Poznań, a children's art festival hosted by the Rozbrat squat was attacked by groups of men with stones. Opole, a small Kurdish restaurant is attacked by thugs with bats and knives, police ignore repeated complaints from the workers about nationalist threats. In Piła, 2 youths beaten for hanging up posters to a punk concert by 5 men, calling them dirty faggots. In Warsaw, repeated attacks following workers solidarity demonstrations on local labor activists; Attacks on the LGBT-friendly bar “Brave New World” during nationalist marches; Threats against left-wing activists following public demonstrations. In Lublin, an attack on the cultural center Tektura Collective and weeks later on ‘Free Tibet' demonstrators in the town square. In Sopot, a young man attacked waiting for his train home for ‘wearing colorful pants' accused of being gay and beaten. In Wrocław, attacks on the equality march by the nationalist “March of Balaclavas”, on the CRK anarchist community center, the local synagogue, etc. A Cuban-Polish soccer player threatened and his motorcycle vandalized with the words “white power” and “KKK.” Attacks on cemeteries, synagogues, monuments, symbols of multiculturalism, cafes, social centers, squats, the list goes on, all in the last 11 months, in towns across the country. And then there is what has happened on November 11.
November 11 was a day the nationalists are triumphing as a great victory; the beginning of a new national front and the beginning of the end of the Polish republic.
The nationalist seizure of power and formation of Nationalist Militias
“We are now living in a new reality – and hardly anyone seems to realize it,” the Antifascist coalition of November 11 has declared. Besides the nationalist riots which rocked Warsaw for the evening of November 11, a range of attacks took place that day to commemorate “National Independence Day.” The Nationalists have announced a new militant strategy against democracy. ONR (Obóz Narodowo Radykalny, the National Radical Camp) and Młodzież Wszechpolska (All Polish Youth) MW, the groups responsible for organizing the march through Warsaw have now officially united and subsequently called for the overthrow of the Republic and the formation of paramilitary groups into a so-called “National Guard.” The call sounds strikingly similar to Hitler's Brownshirts who patrolled German cities and broke opposition groups in the 1920's and 30's. Mussolini had similar backing with his “Blackshirts” who took over Rome marching street by street routing political enemies. This is the reality we are talking about, fascist militias coming to a town near you.
We will see how this call is heeded by the Brownshirts of ONR and MW, but if November 11 is any indication, they're already here. In Wrocław on Sunday night, directly following the “Patriots March” a group of one hundred men forcibly entered the Wagenburg social center and began severely beating people into unconsciousness then fleeing the scene. One man was rushed to the hospital just escaping death, he is currently in critical but stable condition following a number of operations. Cars, houses, and the building itself were also smashed and destroyed. On Facebook, the leader of NOP (another major nationalist organization) congratulated the attackers and cheered for more. The four men arrested following the attack have since been released without charges. In Białystok, the apartment of a Chechen family was firebombed. Also in Białystok, the mayor has now openly said he would like to lobby for ONR. In Warsaw the offices of non-profits were attacked, including those of Lambda as well as attacks on individuals around the city and mass media outlets. In Wieluń a cemetery was vandalized with ONR graffiti. In Ostrołęka, tombs of unknown Russian soldiers were destroyed. These are just some of the attacks we are aware of thus far.
This is an obvious campaign of terror across the country, and we are seeing similar campaigns organized in neighboring countries by neo-fascist groups, some of whom attended Sunday's March in Warsaw, including Italian, Spanish, Hungarian, Swedish, and Norwegian nationalists. We remember that Anders Breivik, the nationalist who terrorized Oslo in 2011 killing 77 people, cited Polish nationalists as a great “inspiration.”
Apathetic Public, Incompetent Police
With a wave of violence and calls for the overthrow of the government, you may ask yourself where is Polish society and the state in all of this? As mentioned above, it seems as if history is indeed repeating itself. As had happened in pre-Fascist Italy and Spain, the state is arming itself not to protect against a fascist revolution, but repressing left-wing, anarchist, and antifascist organizations that pose more of a threat to economic peace than any fascist takeover could. Furthermore, a culture of apathy and silence has been built in a society which is struggling more to deal with the questions of poverty and identity than the question of Politics. In a system that creates a surplus population of disillusioned poor, it's no wonder the state would rather see them fighting for the nation instead of fighting for justice. A measurement of just how little the Polish police and government understand of what is happening can be seen by their approach to November 11: harassing antifascists this past week asking ‘if people were planning on any fighting for November 11?' Of course the antifascist march passed through Warsaw without a hint of violence, while riots raged through the city center in a nationalist show of force, and yet the police spotlight remains against antifascist activists.
And the media? Nationalist and populist ideas are abounded in mainstream discourse, ONR has capitalized on the medias uncritical approach to propagate their rhetoric. Even the president, in a populist photo-op, was seen laying wreaths this Independence Day to the Nationalist icon Roman Dmowski. Civil organizations are now open allies with ONR and MW due in large part to the lack of media scrutiny of them or their extreme politics. And any press that does take an active role in criticism? Labeled communist, elitist or Jewish, and attacked in a right-wing media boycott, “I won't read, I won't watch.”
And so with all sides covered, it looks to be open season for a new nationalism to spring forth from the ashes of the failed economic experiments of post-communism. The Nationalists are claiming to have the “third road” neither communist nor capitalist, but as they will find, it will be a road riddled with antifascist blockades.
How much longer can we tolerate the growing threat of a nationalist revolution? With nationalist propaganda thriving, and the clever ‘coalition building' paying off, the shadow of fascism is steadily creeping over this country. As we have seen in the past 2 years the nationalists “third road” will be one paved in our blood. We cannot wait any longer. It's now or never.
For the memory of our grandparents who liberated the death camps and brought the fascist monster to it's knees. Let us never again return to that place! No compromise in the struggle against modern fascism ¡No pasarán!
If you were living near a huge volcano that was spewing ash and scientists were warning of a possible eruption, you'd want to flee, right? Well, not necessarily.
Rather than leaving, the compelling impulse to see an aggressive and majestic show of nature, and to record an uncontrollable force, is motivating some visitors to the tropical island of Bali to stick around for a while.
Take Mark Levitin. He's not going anywhere. The activity inside Mount Agung is the 12th volcanic eruption he's witnessed up close.
"It's just beautiful. I like the power of them," said the lanky 39-year-old, who grew up in Russia and Israel.
"We're living on what is essentially a huge bowl of magma with a very thin crust," Levitin told the Associated Press. "Even the place we call home is mostly hot enough to vaporize us in an instant."
Many foreigners are making haste to leave the idyllic Indonesian island after its airport, shut for 2 ½ days due to drifting ash, reopened on Wednesday afternoon.
Some airlines are advising people who'd already booked travel to Bali that they can cancel, defer or change their destination because the airport could easily be forced to close again by a bigger eruption or by the billowing columns of ash moving back in its direction. Its last major eruptions, in 1963, killed about 1,100 people and the volcano didn't quiet down for a year.
However, leaving is not the agenda for Mariano Gonzales, a polyglot travel guide from the Canary Islands, who to his surprise was turned away from an ash-covered hotel he arrived at three days into his two-week Bali vacation.
WHAT HAPPENED DURING THE LAST MAJOR ERUPTION AT MOUNT AGUNG?
"I was a little bit shocked because everybody was a little bit stressy because they saw me arriving with my bags and I didn't know anything about this volcano," said Gonzales, who is now staying in Amed, a picturesque fishing village with a spectacular view of the smoking volcano about 15 kilometers (9 miles) away.
He said he tried to get closer to the mountain but was turned back at a checkpoint.
"We feel comfortable. We're enjoying our beer and this beautiful view," said Gonzales, sitting cliff side at the Sunset Point bar that has a panorama of the cone-shaped mountain, the Bali Sea and rows of brightly painted fishing boats below.
Indonesian disaster officials ordered 100,000 people to leave the exclusion zone that in places extends 10 kilometers from the crater after the mountain began violently erupting on Saturday.
Since then it has gushed ash almost continuously, hurling the gray-black columns of dust, steam and smoke 4,000 meters (13,200 feet) high and glowing a menacing red at night as lava wells up inside. Lahars of muddy volcanic debris have flowed down its sides through some villages.
Though many Balinese did heed the officials and left the immediate danger zone, some feel they have no choice but to keep farming their lands in the volcano's shadow.
Katut Wiri and her family were planting crops Thursday in an area that authorities warn would be in the path of hot ash clouds and mudflows during a major eruption.
"If I'm not planting these fields, somebody might come and claim it and start farming on it. So I won't have any land to farm," said the mother of three. "So that's why I came and started planting."
Still, officials are warning that the volcano could burst.
“We cannot predict whether it will be bigger than 1963, but ... according to our evaluation the potential for a full-scale eruption is still high,” Devy Kamil Syahbana, an official at Indonesia's center for volcanology and geological disaster mitigation center, told Reuters.
"My first volcano was almost 20 years ago in Costa Rica. Almost killed me," Levitin said. "I had no experience and didn't know how to do it and I almost walked right into a bombardment of volcanic rocks."
But, he adds, in the unlikely event an eruption is huge beyond any expectations, nowhere on Bali would be safe.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Three San Francisco International Airport security officers are facing several charges after authorities discovered they were helping to smuggle cocaine through the airport's security, the Justice Department announced Friday.
Joseph Scott, 35, a former transportation security officer supervisor, Jessica Scott, 27, also a transportation security officer supervisor, and Michael Castaneda, 32, a former lead transportation security officer were all arrested. According to the indictment, the trio collected money to turn their heads the other way while drug traffickers walked through security with both real and simulated cocaine in carry-on bags, but what the security screeners failed to realize was that the “drug trafficking” was actually part of an undercover operation by the Drug Enforcement Administration and the TSA Office of Inspection.
The TSA officers were charged with conspiring to defraud the TSA by obstructing a lawful government function, which warrants up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000. They are also charged with conspiring to distribute and possess with intent to distribute more than five kilograms of cocaine, which lands them a minimum of 10 years in prison and a maximum life sentence, along with a whopping fine of up to $10 million.
[ Department of Justice ]
Just a few short days after revealing its revamped Steam Controller, Valve is letting gamers and developers try it out for themselves on the GDC 2014 show floor. As Valve revealed last week, the new controller does away with the proposed touch screen and instead adds eight front-facing buttons, much as you'd see on an Xbox or PlayStation controller (the ABXY buttons mimic the size, layout, and general feel of the Xbox One controller). When asked about the touchscreen's removal, a Valve representative told us that the company made the decision as a way to cut costs after tests revealed that users really didn't need the flexibility that the touchscreen prototype offered.
There's no doubt that the inclusion of these buttons made the Steam Controller a bit more friendly, and the placement seems logical — particularly in a game like Portal 2 where most of the interaction is with the touchpads and shoulder buttons. While we never got a chance to take the touchscreen out for a test drive (the prototype we tried back in November featured four rectangular buttons in place of the touchscreen), the ABXY placement on the new controller definitely appears more intuitive than it was on the original model.
Actually using those touchpads remains as initially tricky as it was when we first tried them out, but the potential remains for this to be a really new and interesting way of controlling a game. The lack of physical resistance is off-putting at first, as is the fact that there's no natural "home" position for your thumb to snap back to — but thinking of it more like a mouse, with the precision aiming inherent to it, helped make it a bit more natural.
Unsurprisingly, the controller is still very much a prototype — a Valve representative told us that they were literally hand-building them five days ago for the show. As such, they are rather light and don't feel solidly built — that said, the touchpads and buttons were all responsive despite the lack of polish. As for when we might see a more final version, all we know is that they'll be ready alongside the first Steam Machines.
Doom was acclaimed upon its release last year, but it was in large part due to its stellar campaign. Its multiplayer component was widely regarded as the weaker of the two components, but a new update has introduced some very welcome-sounding improvements.
Most notably, Bethesda and id Software are doing away with Doom's $40 season pass and unlocking its multiplayer DLC for all players. That means that everyone who owns the game--or anyone who now picks it up--will get their hands on nine additional maps, three guns, three demons, and new armor and equipment options for free. You can see a trailer for the third and final DLC pack above.
Another change addresses player complaints about the Hack Module system, which has been removed in favor of a new Runes system. Previously, Hack Modules were consumable items you could use to obtain various boosts for a limited time. Now, Runes are simply abilities or perks you earn and are then able to equip as part of your loadout.
Multiplayer progression has been revamped as well. Rather than unlocking new things randomly, everything is tied to a specific schedule of sorts. That means you'll get your hands on specific guns, demons, equipment, and customization options by reaching certain levels or completing specific tasks. This gives you some level of control, letting you seek out a specific piece of gear that you might want.
Existing players will see their levels reset, but that doesn't mean they have to abandon everything they've unlocked. Players will be given a choice of retaining their unlocks or resetting their progress so that they can begin unlocking everything from scratch, in the same way that a new player now does. Those who have played the game prior to this update will get a special badge to acknowledge their accomplishments, while those who have reached the level cap will get a special Slayer badge.
Finally, the in-game HUD has been reworked to provide "better callouts for challenges, awards and scoring," according to a blog post by game director Marty Stratton. "The kill card has been completely revised to provide players a more clear and accurate account of their demise, including not just who killed them but also the players, weapon types, and damage that combined to kill them." Other changes are also present throughout the menus and post-match summary screens.
Following the release of today's update, version 6.66, those who haven't yet picked up the game will soon be able to try it for free. A free play event will begin on all platforms over the remainder of the month, while the game itself will be on sale for just $15/£12/AU$18 during the free promotion. The free weekend events will include the first two levels of the campaign along with the full multiplayer and SnapMap modes. Here's when the free weekend is live on each platform:
Xbox One: July 20 (9 AM PT/12 PM ET) - July 23 (9 AM PT/12 PM ET)
PC: July 20 (10 AM PT/1 PM ET) - July 23 (1 PM PT/4 PM ET)
PS4: July 27 (9 AM PT/12 PM ET) - July 30 (9 AM PT/12 PM ET)
Full patch notes follow below.
Doom Update 6.66 Patch Notes
Multiplayer
Fixed an issue where textures appeared to glow on the player's character.
Fixed an issue in Multiplayer where players would respawn frozen at the beginning of a Freeze Tag round.
Fixed an issue in Multiplayer where parts of the player model appeared transparent in some circumstances.
Fixed an issue where players would disconnect from a match under certain conditions.
Fixed an issue in Infernal Run where picking up the ball when out of ammo would cause problems with passing or receiving the ball.
Fixed an issue with the Multiplayer Challenge "Aimbot Hax" where Reaper Longshots would not count towards challenge completion.
Fixed an issue in Multiplayer with inconsistent power item spawns on Outbreak.
SnapMap
Argentina
Argentina to select only home-based players from 2016
ESPN Staff
Toulon's Juan Martin Fernandez Lobbe is one of many Argentina internationals based in Europe © Getty Images Enlarge
Argentina will only pick players based in Argentina from 2016, coach Daniel Hourcade has told Midi Olympique.
From 2016 Argentina, along with Japan, will have a franchise in the Super Rugby competition and Hourcade will follow the precedent set by New Zealand and Australia of only selecting players based domestically.
Many of Argentina's top players currently ply their trade abroad due to the financial incentives on offer and 10 of the starting 15 to face France on Saturday are based in Europe. The move will require a major shift in Argentinian rugby with many of their top players needing to be drawn home to keep the national team competitive but Hourcade insists there will be no exceptions to the rule.
"Until last year 90% of Pumas played in Europe," Hourcade told Midi Olympique. "The Argentinian franchise which will join Super Rugby in 2016, will therefore change things. The aim is to bring all our internationals back home.
"The rule will be the following: Any player who plays outside Argentina will not be able to wear the Puma jersey. Argentina will follow the Australian and New Zealand policy. The players are free to choose between the money and the jersey."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd
Raghuram Rajan warned that notes ban can have a chilling impact on economy if we are unprepared.
Raghuram Rajan, former Governor of the Reserve Bank of India, tells NDTV that if unprepared, the notes ban can have a chilling impact on the economy. Speaking to NDTV's Sreenivasan Jain, Mr Rajan says an unprepared notes ban can see dramatic slowdown and also put companies out of business. "I conveyed my notes ban concerns to those that mattered," he says. On his tenure at the RBI, Mr Rajan says he was open to staying on as Governor but the "government did not grant me contract."You were offered a two-year extension as RBI governor but were denied leave by Chicago University. True or false?False. Chicago (University) never put any restriction on me. It was happy to give me leaves. So that was never a constraint. They just had to plan it, that's all.Then what was the reason (for not continuing as RBI governor)?I had a three-year term and the term came to an end. If there had to be an extension, there had to be an agreement with the government but there wasn't. The government did not offer me a new contract and that's where it ended.: So you were happy to stay on?I was open. We were trying to discuss what that (new contract) might look like and were trying to work on something new. But there was no sense of what it might look like - that's where it ended.: Why do you think they were not keen to have you back?I am the wrong guy to ask (this). I cannot go into the details of our discussion but there was no agreement in the end.Do you think your not being wildly enthused by demonetisation could have been a factor?It's incorrect and improper for me to speculate. I don't know what the specific issues were.You said notes ban would result in a short term economic cost. What sort of cost?If you're not prepared on Day 1 with all the currency that's being replaced - currency is important for economic activity - you will have a chilling of economic activity. You would see a dramatic slowdown of economic activity.A second factor that you to worry about is putting some companies that operate on thin margins out of business. Sales plummet, they can't ride out the storm, they go out of business.Third element is effects on investor sentiment. If there is a concern it is long-drawn out process, there can be concerns of how it will affect consumption.We have looked at all the claims that went in favour of demonetistion. But none of the claims really gave a clear idea.When you think about what kind of measures we need to implement to bring tax compliance, we have to keep various things in mind. There needs to be a process.You also had concerns whether notes ban would achieve what it set out to?There is the question of whether you can catch the guys that you want to catch and do they find ways around it. I think the worst possible combination of circumstances will be where you don't catch the guys but you still have the effects on economy."In India working people have coined the word jugaad. We're pretty good at jugaad. So if you know India well you should recognise that a lot of Jugaad happened - people will find ways around it. Its economic arbitrage with a touch of illegality about it."What we have said in the book that after we gave our note, a committee was set up and started the process of discussion. In my view, it never came back to us that here is a decision that you've to make or here's the timing we want to do this scheme.We had started the process of designing the new notes. The new notes - 2000, 500 and a new 1,000 - had been approved in May. To say none (of notes ban prep) was done would be incorrect. But a monetary economist would've liked for all the notes to replaced at one go.So should we have gone ahead with notes ban?We don't yet know the full effects of demonetisation. Based on information that we have now, ignoring future dividends, the answer is fairly obvious. (no)"I like the process of getting everybody to sign on to their accounts with the Aadhaar number."It's very unfortunate that a journalist - or anybody - be killed. But it's too early to draw conclusions. We have to be vigilant that we don't narrow the space for discussion but let us not worry that the country is going towards only one direction."We should not let our dialogue be governed by the idiocracy".Efficiency of economic system breaks down with protectionism."One of the reason for the rise of populist nationalism is because of a sense of victimisation among the majority community. This leads to long term problems for the economy."Any regrets?Well, most of what we set out to do, we managed to do.
COLUMBUS, Ohio – If only the Columbus Crew showed as much intensity in their first halves lately as they did in the locker room after a second straight leaky and demoralizing defeat.
The Crew fell into a 2-0 deficit against Toronto FC en route to a 4-2 loss on Saturday, their first ever defeat at the hands of their Canadian rivals. The match follows on the heels of an August 27 loss to the Seattle Sounders at CenturyLink Field, a match in which they trailed 4-0 on the way to a 6-2 rout.
WATCH: Full Match Highlights
“It's disappointing – it's embarrassing, to tell you the truth,” captain Chad Marshall said. “To come back here after a week off against the worst team in the league and give up four goals – that's not good enough.”
The Crew (11-9-7) have thrived on making comebacks this season. Prior to Saturday's loss, Columbus were 3-1-2 when trailing at the half. The team has outscored opponents 26-19 in the second frame this season, but has been outscored 15-7 during the first 45 minutes.
“I don't know why we can't come out and start the game the way we play after we get scored on,” Marshall said. “I don't understand. The warm-ups are fine. We just need to come out with the right mentality. That's something that has to change. We just didn't compete. They came out with nothing to lose, really, and they took it to us.”
Nick Soolsma and Ryan Johnson gave TFC (5-12-12) the lead by the 42nd minute. Tommy Heinemann cut the deficit to 2-1. Julian de Guzman regained a two-goal edge, but Andrés Mendoza made it 3-2 in the 87th minute before Danny Koevermans scored in the 92nd to end the scoring.
“We have to make sure we are more aggressive,” coach Robert Warzycha said. “In the second half, we were a little more aggressive.”
It wasn't enough to placate goalkeeper William Hesmer as the Crew are now tied for first in the Eastern Conference with Sporting Kansas City.
“We thought the game was going to be easy,” he said. “We came out and were very soft and they were hard and physical and took us out of the game.
“Ten goals in two games honestly makes me sick,” Hesmer added. “It makes me want to go to Obetz [training center] right now and train with the team. It's a lot of things right now. It's not just our back four. It's not just our forwards. It's all of us.”
XI JINPING, China's leader-in-waiting, has a lot on his plate. Politicians in Hong Kong say that among many tiresome bureaucratic chores before he set off to receive tribute in America was chairing a “co-ordinating committee” on Hong Kong and Macau affairs. Hong Kongers were watching closely, looking for the white smoke over Beijing that would identify their next leader, to replace the outgoing Donald Tsang Yam-kuen, a civil servant under British colonial rule, who in 2005 became Hong Kong's second post-colonial “chief executive”. No smoke was detected. Unnervingly for some, Hong Kong does not yet know for sure who is supposed to win the “election” to be held on March 25th.
The inverted commas are because this is less an exercise in electoral choice than an elaborate ritual to cloak a decision taken in Beijing. The electorate is a committee of 1,200 voters (out of a population of 7m). Some are politicians; most are chosen by “functional constituencies” to represent sectoral interests. Their main job is to carry out China's decision on who runs its special administrative region of Hong Kong.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Until recently that seemed fairly straightforward. Beijing, with a few words in the relevant ears, had made its choice clear. It had anointed Henry Tang Ying-yen, who years ago forsook his family textile business for the chief-executive apprenticeship chain, through the Legislative Council and senior government jobs. But as the two-week nomination period for the election opened this week, it seemed likely that two further candidates would receive the endorsement of at least 150 election-committee members, and so qualify as candidates. Chinese officials have indicated that one of these two others is also acceptable.
The other, Albert Ho Chun-yan, is thus a no-hoper. From the Democratic Party, which China dislikes, he is not the party's most popular member. Even if he were, some Democrats admit, he might flounder, since voters accept that the chief executive should be someone whom China can do business with.
The acceptable new candidate, Leung Chun-ying, known as C.Y. Leung, however, is a cat among the pigeons, or as described in the local press, a wolf (mean and aggressive) to Mr Tang's pig (complacent and a bit dim). Long regarded with popular suspicion as a “pro-Beijing” politician and closet Communist Party member, he has challenged Mr Tang, and is trouncing him in opinion polls. His lead may well be confirmed as part of a scheme by pollsters at the University of Hong Kong to hold a “virtual” online election two days before the official ballot. In the absence of a clear hint from China, even the most loyal of pro-Beijing parties in Hong Kong does not know which way to jump.
Three explanations are offered for the confusion. One is that Hong Kong has become a skirmish in the factional struggle as China's leaders vie for influence ahead of their own leadership transition at the Communist Party's five-yearly congress in the autumn. Mr Tang is favoured by “princelings”, like Mr Xi himself; Mr Leung is said to have the backing of the Communist Youth League from which sprang Hu Jintao, the present party leader.
A second explanation is that Mr Tang is an exceptionally hopeless candidate. Few others could have managed to turn Mr Leung into the popular choice. Many in Hong Kong regard Mr Tang as incompetent and as the undeserving, privileged beneficiary of inherited wealth: the sort of amiable, vaguely trustworthy duffer who would have thrived under the British. It has not helped that he has seemed to take the chief executive's job for granted—failing to elaborate policies, take part in debates or do anything much at all. “Waiting for the emperor's yellow robe,” is how Emily Lau, a Democratic Party politician, describes his approach. And efforts by Mr Tang's campaign to fling dirt at Mr Leung have largely backfired: in response has come a succession of allegations about his own private life and record in office. The latest scandal, about illegal building work at a house owned by Mr Tang's wife, may even force him to abandon his campaign.
The third possibility is that Mr Tang represents the status quo at a time when many in Hong Kong think the government has done a bad job. They grumble that, since the territory reverted to Chinese sovereignty in 1997, inequality has widened and housing has become even less affordable.
Of late there has also been fury at the perceived abuse of a loophole in Hong Kong's constitution, which gives all babies born in the territory the right to permanent residence there. In 2010 over 45% of births in Hong Kong—40,000 babies—were to mainland Chinese mothers. Hospitals can no longer cope. More than 130,000 mainland children born in Hong Kong since 2001 have the theoretical right to an education there. Mainlanders are blamed for shortages of baby formula and rising property prices. A decision to make it easier for them to drive here has raised concerns about road manners and congestion. Mr Tang has said it would be good for integration. That is precisely the fear.
An alarming precedent
Opposition to Mr Tang could be seen as an opportunity for China—or as an elaborate pre-scripted farce. To foist Mr Tang on Hong Kong, when it clearly does not want him, might cause real anger. It would also install an incumbent who might struggle for re-election in 2017, when China has promised “universal suffrage”, though how candidates prove their eligibility is yet to be decided. So by securing victory for Mr Leung, China could win kudos for taking popular opinion into account, yet still install a loyal chief.
Letting Mr Leung win, however, would bring its own problems. It would alarm the tycoons China has always seen as its best friends in Hong Kong. Bar a couple of exceptions, these billionaires are all for Mr Tang, perhaps fearing that Mr Leung's policies might erode the value of their land holdings. A Leung victory would also set an alarming precedent: once China's anointed ones start losing elections, who knows where it all might end?
Many times, at parties and in other conversations over the years, I have vociferously defended fellow journalists against charges of bias in their work. Particularly journalists working in the lowly field of print journalism, as opposed to TV.
But within those caveats, I've always maintained that the majority of professional print journalists, anyway, try very, very hard to get the story right. But recently, I had an experience that gave me a new perspective on the issue.
A few weeks ago, I attended the public launch of a company's product that had, until that point, been kept tightly under wraps. The product involved a breakthrough approach and new technology that had the potential of having a revolutionary impact on its industry, as well on consumers around the world. Unlike most of the journalists covering the event, I was not an expert on that particular industry. It wasn't my normal "beat." The reason I was there was because I'd been interviewing the company's CEO over the previous several months for a book project. But that also meant that while I wasn't an expert about the industry in general, I was in the odd position of knowing more about the company's "secret" product than any other journalist in the room.
It was an eye-opening experience. A lot of major news outlets and publications were represented at the press conference following the announcement. A few very general facts about the product had been released, but the reporters had only been introduced to details about it a half hour earlier. There was still a lot about how it worked, how it differed from other emerging products, and why the company felt so confident about its evolution and economic viability, that remained to be clarified.
But the reporters' questions weren't geared toward getting a better understanding of those points. They were narrowly focused on one or two aspects of the story. And from the questions that were being asked, I realized--because I had so much more information on the subject--that the reporters were missing a couple of really important pieces of understanding about the product and its use. And as the event progressed, I also realized that the questions that might have uncovered those pieces weren't being asked because the reporters already had a story angle in their heads and were focused only on getting the necessary data points to flesh out and back up what they already thought was the story.
There is always a tension, as a journalist, between asking open-ended questions that allow an interview subject to explain something and pressing or challenging them on accuracy or details. But if you think you already know the subject, or already have a story angle half-formed in your head, it's easy to overlook the first part.
The journalists at the press conference didn't have a bias as the term is normally used; that is, I didn't get the sense that they were inherently for or against the company or its product. They just appeared to think they knew the subject well enough, or had a set enough idea in their heads as to what this kind of story was about, that they pursued only the lines of questioning necessary to fill in the blanks of that presumed story line. As a result, they left the press conference with less knowledge and understanding than they otherwise might have had. And while nobody could have said the resulting stories were entirely wrong, they definitely suffered from that lapse. Especially, as might be expected, when it came to the predictions they made about the product's evolution or future.
In his new book, How We Decide, Jonah Lehrer cites a research study done by U.C. Berkeley professor Philip Tetlock. Tetlock questioned 284 people who made their living "commenting or offering advice on political and economic trends," asking them to make predictions about future events. Over the course of the study, Tetlock collected quantitative data on over 82,000 predictions, as well as information from follow-up interviews with the subjects about the thought processes they'd used to come to those predictions.
His findings were surprising. Most of Tetlock's questions about the future events were put in the form of specific, multiple choice questions, with three possible answers. But for all their expertise, the pundits' predictions turned out to be correct less than 33% of the time. Which meant, as Lehrer puts it, that a "dart-throwing chimp" would have had a higher rate of success. Tetlock also found that the least accurate predictions were made by the most famous experts in the group.
Why was that? According to Lehrer,
Not that everyone in the field is perfect, unbiased, or even a good reporter. And not that I haven't ever encountered an editor who really, really wanted a story to say "X" as opposed to "Y." I remember one editor who complained that a story I'd done about NASA test pilots didn't make them sound like the wild cowboys he imagined they were. (Unfortunately--or fortunately--the truth about test pilots is, they're not cowboys. They're precision engineers and very calculated risk-mitigators, hitting test cards with calm, methodical accuracy. The risk isn't in their attitude. It's in the inherent hazards of testing new technology under real conditions for the first time.)
Not only is master gamer Sinister1 playing Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!! while blindfolded and crushing it, he's moving through the game as quickly as possible. I'm speechless.
Part one is up top, and here's the rest of the run, where things get hairy:
Sinister1's full-run attempt happened today during Awesome Games Done Quick 2014, a speedrunning charity event going on over at Twitch. There's all manner of freakishly high-level play going on during the event, but this remains the most impressive thing I've seen come out of the event.
AGDQ is being held to raise money for cancer research; you can donate in a variety of ways here, and we encourage you to do so.
My boss Stephen Totilo wanted me to write this post while blindfolded, which might've gotten in the way of me adding the links to this next bit: Check here for a full schedule of remaining AGDQ events, check this Reddit thread for any runs you might've missed, and watch an embedded livestream on Twitch or right here on Kotaku.
Advertisement
I bet Sinister1 could've written this post while blindfolded, though. And it would've been amazing.
What Trump Misses About Energy Jobs In America
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post via Getty Images Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post via Getty Images
In 2008, candidate Barack Obama ran an ad with this opening line: "The hands that built this nation can build a new economy. The hands that harvest crops can also harvest the wind."
And then it showed men working on roofs: "The hands that install roofs can also install solar panels."
The ad was directed at a group Obama was acutely aware he had to win over — white, working-class men. A quarter of those same men deserted Democrats in 2016, according to a New York Times analysis, and voted either for Donald Trump or a third-party candidate.
YouTube
On Tuesday, President Trump is trying to start making good on his promises to many of those same white men — coal workers. The Trump administration is doing an about-face on President Obama's climate and environmental policies. The president signed an executive order with a goal of taking restraints off businesses and boosting the coal industry.
"He made a pledge to the coal industry, and he's going to do whatever he can to help those workers," a senior administrative official said Monday ahead of the executive order's signing.
Speaking at the Environmental Protection Agency headquarters, Trump said a "new era" in energy production is starting Tuesday.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Surrounded by about a dozen coal miners, he said, per NPR's Jennifer Ludden, "You're going back to work." He pledged to "end the war on coal and have clean coal, really clean coal."
But there are problems with both Trump's nostalgic Make America Great Again coal promises and Obama's radical vision for a reshaped economy.
Trump's ignores the reality of a changing energy industry. Solar jobs, for example, have taken off over the past decade. The Obama administration tried hard to incentivize clean energy (so much so that it got caught up in the Solyndra scandal. The head of Solyndra was an Obama campaign bundler. Obama visited the company and touted it. His administration incentivized companies like it. In 2011, the government helped Solyndra refinance, but just months later, the company failed).
But solar now accounts for some 260,000 energy jobs in the country, the majority of which are held by installers. That's almost four times the number of coal industry jobs, about 70,000, as of May 2015, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. And that industry has been on a steady and steep decline over the past 30 years:
toggle caption Danielle Kurtzleben/NPR/Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis
In the energy industry, solar is outpaced only by the oil industry, according to a major report by the Solar Foundation. And solar's gotten cheaper to produce (despite Trump's proclamations during the campaign that he loves solar except that it's expensive).
As KQED, an NPR member station in San Francisco, reported in December, "Power from big solar projects is about 70 percent cheaper today than it was a decade ago. Wind power has also come down."
The problem for Democrats is where those jobs are created. It's not like the coal jobs that faded in West Virginia and Kentucky were replaced by solar. In fact, those two states rank 45th and 41st in solar jobs per capita, respectively, according to the Solar Foundation. That's not to mention Michigan (28), Wisconsin (26) and Pennsylvania (43), which flipped blue to red for the first time in decades.
The top six — Massachusetts, Nevada, Vermont, California, Hawaii and Washington, D.C. — all went for Hillary Clinton. (California had more than a third of all solar jobs in 2016, over 100,000. And that was up 32 percent from the year before.)
Conversely, the bottom 11 all went for Trump: Alaska, Arkansas, Alabama, Kansas, Montana, Oklahoma, West Virginia, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Wyoming and Kentucky.
The states that voted for Clinton are largely run by Democrats; the ones that went for Trump are largely run by Republicans. In the Democratic states, clean energy is incentivized. In the Republican ones, it's largely not.
People in those places also identify heavily as Democrats or Republicans, and there are stark splits on how to deal with the environment. On climate change, for example, a Pew poll from October found that 36 percent of Americans care "a great deal" about the issue of global climate change.
But of that group, almost three-quarters (72 percent) were Democrats; just under a quarter (24 percent) were Republicans.
There may be a fundamental reshaping that's taking place economically and politically, and the reverberations will continue to be felt.
Paper Says 'Handful' of Zero Vote Totals Also Recorded for Clinton on City's Old Lever Machine, Before Offering Readers an Advertisement for New Electronic Voting Systems...
Brad Friedman Byon 2/16/2008, 2:31pm PT
The conspiracy theorists at the New York Times today tell us something is amiss, but proceed to ultimately tell us nothing about why it happened, suggesting that all is just fine...and that it'd be even better if the city "upgraded" to new electronic voting machines...
Black voters are heavily represented in the 94th Election District in Harlem's 70th Assembly District. Yet according to the unofficial results from the New York Democratic primary last week, not a single vote in the district was cast for Senator Barack Obama. That anomaly was not unique. In fact, a review by The New York Times of the unofficial results reported on primary night found about 80 election districts among the city's 6,106 where Mr. Obama supposedly did not receive even one vote, including cases where he ran a respectable race in a nearby district. City election officials this week said that their formal review of the results, which will not be completed for weeks, had confirmed some major discrepancies between the vote totals reported publicly — and unofficially — on primary night and the actual tally on hundreds of voting machines across the city. In the Harlem district, for instance, where the primary night returns suggested a 141 to 0 sweep by Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, the vote now stands at 261 to 136. In an even more heavily black district in Brooklyn — where the vote on primary night was recorded as 118 to 0 for Mrs. Clinton — she now barely leads, 118 to 116.
So how did the numbers change from 141-0 to 261-136 and from 118-0 to 118-116? No confirmed explanation is given, but some lazy guesswork about how votes are counted on NYC's old lever voting machines is proffered by local Election Officials, and dutifully passed on by the Times who --- before proceeding with a misleading "ad" for new electronic systems --- soothes our concerns by informing us that an unspecified number ("a handful") of districts also reported zero votes for Clinton in the original, unofficial tallies...
City election officials said they were convinced that there was nothing sinister to account for the inaccurate initial counts, and The Times's review found a handful of election districts in the city where Mrs. Clinton received zero votes in the initial results. “It looked like a lot of the numbers were wrong, probably the result of human error,” said Marcus Cederqvist, who was named executive director of the Board of Elections last month. He said such discrepancies between the unofficial and final count rarely affected the raw vote outcome because “they're not usually that big.”
The Times then goes on to inform us that, though all of this is probably just business as usual in the Big Apple, "for those inclined to consider conspiracy theories, the figures provided plenty of grist."
Despite what the irresponsible leaders of the Daily Kos and other such self-destructive supposedly-Progressive blogsites enjoy suggesting, The BRAD BLOG, takes no position on whether such matters are the result of evil-doing, computer error, human error, or anything else, unless we can actually prove such things.
(Side note with hat-tip to reader "BY": We just saw that Election Fraud Self-Dillusionist, Markos Moulitsas himself covered this matter earlier today, and reveals his ignorance about all things Election Integrity, in this point he makes in re: one of the items in the NYTimes story: "That paragraph sort of implies that the voting machines don't spit out paper ballots? That should be Sopped for these things." Um...geez Kos, read the paper lately? No, NYC's machines don't "spit out paper ballots", they still use lever machines, which seems like something someone as authoritative as you pretend to be on such matters really ought to know by now. We'd even go so far as to say that familiarizing oneself with facts before writing about them should be Sopped for these things, eh?)
For the moment, the New York Times offers little evidence for anything, even while it draws a bead on those big nasty lever voting machines (NY is one the last places in the country to still use them), as somehow the root of the problem, as exacerbated by "human error", of course.
It's worth noting here that Election Integrity folks in New York have been in the midst of a pitched battle with the state, NYC, and even the Dept. of Justice as they try to ensure that NY's move to "upgraded" voting systems will include paper ballot systems.
Notable then, is a graphic that runs along with the Times article (reposted at bottom of this article) explaining how tallies are collected from NY's lever machines and then --- for some reason --- collected on a computer. Those tallies are then given to Associated Press (instead of to election officials), which demonstrates that yes, computers do come into play in NY's system, and could as well be the root of the problem, along with human error, bad lever machines, or anything else.
That same graphic goes on to compare NYC's system, in use for decades, to Cook County (Chicago), IL's system --- implemented in 2006 according to a member of the Illinois Ballot Integrity Project and John Gideon of VotersUnite.org --- to report that "Discrepancies with the unofficial result are common" in NYC, over in Cook County, where they only recently changed to electronic voting machines made by Sequoia Voting Systems, "Discrepancies are rare."
In addition to the absurd comparison of systems in use for decades, versus a system in use for just a couple of elections, it also caught our eye, since we recall hearing of one problem after another in recent Cook County elections. Suggesting discrepancies as "rare" in a county that has only been using these new systems for a couple of elections seems odd enough, but a closer look at the reported problems on those systems seem to point out that they are not so "rare" at all.
Here are just a few of the issues revealed during a quick search for Cook County in VotersUnite.org's "Election Problem Log" database (a collection of problems as reported by mostly MSM outlets) over the last election or three there:
2/6/2008:
Voting was delayed at a number of Chicago polling places, and voters were turned away for many and varied reasons: touch screen voting not working...Several of the delays were at least one or two hours, some prompting orders to keep locations open later in the evening.
1/9/2007:
An investigative panel has found that "'technology failures in multiple areas' and a lack of testing triggered a spiraling series of glitches that left some results unclear for days. "Although technology problems occurring on Election Night constituted the primary cause of the reporting delays, operational shortcomings in the process leading up to Election Day also played a role in failing to understand and thus mitigate the risks," the report said.
11/8/2006:
Serious data transmission problems slow the vote tabulation. David Orr is investigating whether it is Sequoia software, hardware, or both.
11/7/2006:
Sequoia touch screens have failed...By 1:40 pm, the election office had received over 100 complaints.
11/7/2006:
Reports from voters. Vote-switching on Sequoia touch screens AND the paper print of the votes. Problems ejecting the voter access card. On demand printers not working - voter couldn't vote. Polling places late opening. Voter access cards not accepted by the machines. Voter given incorrect e-ballot. Printer jams. Touch screen machines broken down. Voter card stuck in the machine.
11/2/2006:
Vote-switching on the Sequoia touch screen. "Corrine Stoker pushed the button for one candidate, but her voting machine showed she voted for the opponent."
11/2/2006:
Vote for Democratic gubernatorial candidate switches to Republican candidate. "Alignment keeps going out. Voters complain," a poll worker complaint filed Friday said. "They recalibrate. A couple voters later, they complain. They recalibrate. They complain, etc. For two days straight."
11/2/2006:
More Sequoia touch screen malfunctions. Trouble reports filed by voters and polling-place workers during early voting show glitches ranging from broken equipment to calibration issues with touch screens. "Screen goes black, beeps," reads one form. "Card will not lock into the unit," reads another.
Other than that, Mrs. Land-of-Lincoln, the play was great, and Cook County is a wonderful role model for New York City!
As is too often the case these days, the reporting of the New York Times on this, and other matters, is just this side of worthless.
Wang Yu, who has been lauded by the American Bar Association, renounces her work and awards in what rights group say was forced confession
China has rebuked the US for criticising its convictions of human rights activists, a court this week having sentenced three rights advocates and a lawyer to up to seven and half years in jail for subversion.
Dozens of people linked to the Beijing Fengrui law firm have been swept up in a crackdown on dissent since last July, as President Xi Jinping's administration has tightened control, citing a need to boost national security and stability.
The sentencing of the activists and lawyer has been condemned by international rights groups. On Thursday, a US state department spokesman said the US was concerned about the convictions made on “apparently politically motivated charges”, and called for the release the lawyers and activists.
US criticises China's 'political' trials as fourth activist punished for subversion Read more
The American Bar Association (ABA) and other groups have recognised Wang Yu, a Fengrui associate and a prominent rights lawyer who had also been held on subversion charges, with human rights awards. The ABA said on its website that it would formally honour Wang at a ceremony on Saturday in San Francisco.
On 1 August, Wang appeared on Chinese television, renouncing her work and international awards granted to her. Right groups slammed it as a coerced confession.
On Saturday, the Chinese state news agency Xinhua quoted her as saying: “I have done nothing important regarding human rights and those overseas who want to give me this award is using me to smear the Chinese government and the country.
“Given that I have clearly refused the award, but the organisation has still made the award against my will, I consider this an infringement of my human rights,” Wang said, urging other activists to “rectify their wrongdoings”.
On Saturday, the China foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the “US accusations are groundless” and urged Washington to “respect the facts”.
“Chinese judicial authorities deal with related cases in accordance with law so that the legitimate rights and interests of defendants could be effectively protected,” Xinhua on Saturday cited Hua as saying.
The Fengrui firm had represented high-profile clients critical of the government. Authorities have accused it of orchestrating protests outside courts, politicising ordinary legal cases and conspiring with “foreign forces”.
Suspects accused of crimes in high-profile cases are often shown confessing on state television. Rights groups have said these confessions, which often take place long before a trial, violate the rights of the accused to due process. China consistently rejects criticism of its human rights record and says forced confessions are banned under law.
Last week, Garry Newman tweeted a sales chart that backed up what we already knew: that his game Garry's Mod is extremely successful and that its sales have not slowed down since its release back in 2006. The extra detail was a little surprising though. July 2013 was the game's best month every in terms of copies sold, the number of copies sold doubles each year, and it has sold 3.5 million in total since launch.
Even accounting for Steam sales, those are remarkable numbers. I emailed Garry to ask him how this has happened, and also why, and also how, and what? Fwuh?
RPS: How? Why? How? What? Fwuh? I think there's been a few things over the years. I'm guessing here – I obviously don't know for sure. Steam's ever increasing popularity.
User generated content plays a massive role. Some of the gamemodes in GMod are like games of their own – so when a new gamemode gets released more people buy.
Team Fortress 2, Portal content. People play the games and want to play with their contents… we made sure to allow that stuff as much as we could.
Team Fortress 2 going free to play must have attracted a lot of people to the universe.
When Source Filmmaker was released a lot of people said things like “Valve just KILLED GMod”. But I'm guessing a lot of people unaware of GMod played with SFM, made a movie – and wanted a stupid effect that they'd seen in another movie… which was made in GMod. So they got it.
YouTube and Twitch in recent years have had a massive effect. If 15 million people see someone having fun in your game it's going to make them want to play.
Minecraft. You'd think Minecraft would kill GMod's popularity… but it's kind of the opposite. People play Minecraft to death – they love it.. so they go out looking for other games that are a bit like it. Minecraft has attracted a lot of people that aren't really PC gamers too. They play the game on the 360 or the iPad and everyone tells them that the PC version is better.
And of course Steam Sales. RPS: Does this put a different kind of pressure on Rust, your next game? We decided a long time about to not give that much of a fuck about sales. We're never going to recreate GMod's popularity – it would be stupid to try. If we can make a game we're proud of, it pays for itself and allows us to make another game – we're very happy.
If you're wondering how much money all those sales add up to, the figure was around $22 million back in March of this year. Not all of that money goes into Garry's pockets, but I asked when he expected to possess all the world's wealth, and he said that they “have it penned in for 2019, but that date might slip up to 6 months.”
I'm glad that all this success has befallen a game which is about creativity in all its forms, from ambitious new game modes to the childish joy of taping a ragdoll to a rocket-propelled minecart.
For more on the past and future of Garry's Mod, check out Craig's trio of features from last year.
India is among the most mysterious countries in the world. Its rich mythology, vast size, and many cultural peculiarities make it fertile ground for many strange tales and legends. Some of them are clearly fabricated, others just strange enough that they just might be true, and others still are so strange that they could change our entire perception of the world.
10 The Village Of Twins
The distant village of Kodinhi, Kerala has a secret. Not a particularly hidden secret, mind you—it's actually pretty hard to miss. The village's claim to fame is the abnormal amount of twins born there. Kodinhi only has around 2,000 families, yet there are 250 sets of twins officially registered there. In fact, there could be many more—experts estimate there could be as many as 350 sets of twins in the area.
It gets stranger. It is estimated that the number of twins born in the village is increasing every year, and no one really knows why. This is all the more remarkable because twins are especially rare in India—on average, four out of every 1,000 Indian births are twins. In Kodinhi, the number is 45 per 1,000 births. Doctors have absolutely no idea what is causing this strange phenomenon. They assume there must be some unknown hereditary factor at work, or maybe it's something they eat. Until they find out for sure, the Village of Twins remains one of the strangest curiosities of perhaps the most mysterious country in the world.
9 The Jodhpur Boom
On December 18, 2012, a sudden, deafening boom startled the people of Jodhpur. It seemed to come out of nowhere, crashing in the sky like the sonic boom caused by an airplane breaking the speed of sound. However, it was more aggressive in nature, sounding a lot like a massive explosion. The citizens were concerned about the sound and asked around about it, but it soon turned out that no planes had been flying over the area and no explosions had taken place. The source of the “Jodhpur boom” was a complete mystery.
The weirdest part is that it appears that the entire month was littered with strange, unexplained booms all over the world, from the United Kingdom to Texas. These bangs were witnessed over the course of several weeks and sometimes they were accompanied with strange green light. In one of the locations, a geologist even stated that the booms and subsequent tremors were unlike anything he had ever encountered and didn't fit the official explanation that the Air Force were testing a new plane.
Were these strange sounds all over the world connected somehow? Was it some strange new weapon, or an alien attack, or maybe even a mere coincidence? Perhaps one day, we'll find out.
8 The Nine Unknown Men
The Nine Unknown Men are to India what the Illuminati are to the Western world, but even more pervasive and mysterious. According to legend, this powerful secret society was founded by Emperor Asoka in 273 BC after a bloody battle that took the lives of 100,000 men. The function of the Nine Unknown Men was to preserve and develop the sort of secret information that would be too dangerous in the hands of the uninitiated.
Each of the Nine was tasked with holding a special book of knowledge, ranging from propaganda to microbiology. Some of them are even said to hold the secrets of anti-gravity and time travel. Occasionally, some of this precious information leaks out into the world—for instance, it is said that the martial art of Judo was based on “leaks” from the Book of Physiology.
The number of the Unknown Men is always nine, and their undisguised contacts with the outside world are few and far between. Much like the Illuminati, there are many rumors about their current and past members. Strangely enough, not all of them are Indian—the Unknown Men are apparently spread all over the world, with some of them allegedly holding very prominent positions. Among suspected members of the Nine Unknown are the influential 10th century Pope Sylvester II and Vikram Sarabhai, the scientist who created India's budding space program.
7 The Great Taj Mahal Conspiracy
Taj Mahal is without question the most famous—and possibly the most beautiful—building in India. Considered one of the modern wonders of the world, this ornate white marble building was created by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan as a mausoleum to his deceased wife. Or was it?
According to some theories, Taj Mahal was never the architectural embodiment of eternal love history remembers it as. Instead, some evidence suggests that the building is actually about 300 years older than its supposed builder. New Delhi professor P.N. Oak, the man behind this theory, claims that the building was originally not a mausoleum at all. He suggests it is actually an ancient Hindu temple known as Tejo Mahalaya dedicated to the worship of the god Shiva. If true, this turns the entire history of TaJ Mahal on its head: Instead of building one of the world's most precious constructions, Shah Jahan would merely have taken an existing temple, slapped on some decorations, and dedicated it to his wife.
While this may seem far-fetched to those of us who like Taj Mahal as it is, it's worth noticing that Indian royalty have a history of capturing enemy temples and mansions and repurposing them into tombs for their loved ones. What's more, the memoirs of travelers in the area during the time of Taj Mahal's supposed construction make no mention of its building and even note that the “Taj” already existed as an important, established building. Is Taj Mahal as the ultimate display of romance just a giant lie created by shoddy historians and propagandists? Until the Indian government agrees to open the sealed rooms within the building so they can be thoroughly investigated by experts, the mystery remains.
6 The Cursed Village Of Kuldhara
For over 500 years, the village of Kuldhara was populated by about 1,500 residents. One night, they all disappeared. They didn't die or get abducted or anything—they just left. The reason for their sudden evacuation is lost in time. Some say they fled the taxation of an oppressive ruler, while others weave a tale of young lovers and the girl's angry father who was a big shot at the village.
Whatever the actual cause of desertion, one thing is generally agreed upon—when the villagers left, they cursed the area so that no one may live there ever again. Of course, some people tried to take over the cozy, abandoned village. According to legend, all who tried died a brutal death. Some of the people who have died in there are said to still haunt the village, according to paranormal investigators who have experienced some very strange events in the place.
Whether all of this is true or not, the village has certainly gained a frightening reputation. It remains deserted to this very day, and no one has even considered repopulating it for a long time.
5 The Magnetic Hill Of Ladakh
In the region of Ladakh near the Himalayas, there is a very strange hill that is said to be magnetic. If you park your car on the road that leads to the top of the hill and leave it in neutral, it will roll up the steep road by its own accord, moving at speeds up to 20 kilometers per hour (12.4 mph). This wonderful natural—or, as some travel guides will tell you, supernatural—phenomenon is called a “Himalayan wonder” and is a popular attraction for the travelers of the area.
The real truth behind the “Magnetic” Hill of Ladakh is pretty impressive, but sadly, not quite as mysterious. It's actually just an optical illusion created by the peculiar geography of the area. The mountains, road, and hill are aligned in a very specific way that makes the area seem a steep uphill terrain, but the road actually goes slightly downhill. Thus, the car left out of gear in a certain point of the road will appear to roll uphill.
4 The Immortal Beings Of The Himalayas
In many mythologies, mountains are natural homes to divine and immortal beings. As such, it's no surprise that the world's mightiest mountain range, the Himalayas, is subject to whisperings of mysterious beings hidden away in the valleys of the mountains.
One popular legend among the practitioners of various New Age soul-searching methods is Gyanganj. It is said to be an ancient Indian and Tibetan tale of a city-kingdom of mysterious immortal beings that are hiding from the world, but influencing it in various subtle ways when needed. It is said that Gyanganj is cunningly camouflaged or even existing in a completely different plane of reality, which is why it has managed to avoid being discovered by modern mapping techniques and satellites.
However, the immortal, enlightened sadhus and mahatmas that inhabit it are all too happy to let in a visitor every now and then, perhaps even sharing some of their wisdom with them. Many influential gurus and mystics have claimed the source of their knowledge of the arcane comes from visits to this mysterious place.
3 The Bhootbilli
The Bhootbilli, or “ghost cat,” is a mysterious monster that is terrorizing certain parts of India, particularly in the area of Pune. A strange cryptid that appears to be a cross between a cat, a dog, and a mongoose, it is responsible for killing livestock and frightening the locals. According to one eyewitness, the creature is ”fat and broad with a long tail, black in colour, has a face like a dog and back like a mongoose.” It is capable of long jumps, having at least once jumped in a tree to escape people who have tried to catch it. Despite this, it's said to be quite large and ferocious—its size is described as ”smaller than a lion but bigger than a hyena.”
Although there are many sightings of the beast and the locals seem certain that the monster haunting them is a creepy cryptid, it is worth noting that India has a history of overreacting to strange animal sightings. As such, some experts have expressed an opinion that the Bhootbilli is actually nothing more than a little civet cat and a lot of imagination.
2 The Kongka La Pass UFO Base
The Kongka La Pass in Ladakh area is one of the least accessible places in the world. Not only is it located in the Himalayas, it is a disputed border area of India and China and has been the cause of armed conflict between the two countries in the past. As such, the area is more or less a no man's land. Both countries keep an eye of it, but neither patrols it nor occupies it. Perhaps this is why, according to some, the UFOs have chosen the area as their underground base.
Reportedly, the Kongka La Pass holds a series of massive, hidden underground constructs that UFOs, particularly those of the flying saucer type, use as their base of operations. Many travelers and residents of nearby areas have claimed that UFOs are a common sight in the area, rising from their underground lairs and descending back once they've done whatever it is UFOs go out to do.
People say both Chinese and Indian governments are very aware of what's going on and may even be cooperating with the extraterrestrials said to pilot the mysterious airships. Indeed, Google Earth has revealed that some supposed underground entrances have what look a lot like military facilities built around them.
1 Shanti Dev
Shanti Devi was born in a happy Delhi family in the 1930s. However, she didn't stay happy for long. When she was four years old, she started insisting that her mother and father were not her true parents. She claimed that her name was actually Ludgi and her true family lived in a completely different city. She claimed she had died giving birth to a child and gave very specific information on her husband and family life.
Shanti's worried parents set out to find if there was any meaning behind their daughter's outlandish claims, and what they found out was truly unnerving. A young woman named Ludgi Devi had indeed died in childbirth at the time and in the town Shanti had specified, and the family and relatives she had described very much existed. When she eventually met her “husband from previous life,” she recognized him instantly and acted like a mother towards his child.
The newspapers soon became interested and authorities as revered as Mahatma Gandhi were soon keenly watching Shanti's case. It turned out she was not only able to remember her past lives, but she could also remember the time “in between lives”—that is, the afterlife. She claimed to have met Lord Krishna during these layovers between her lives. The Lord tasked her with spreading the story of her experiences, which is why she was able to remember.
Shanti Devi went on to be a scholar, teacher, and student of religion. For over sixty years, she embraced all major and quite a few minor religions' teachings, trying to determine the universal truth behind them all, which was presumably the great mission she was given. Hundreds of researchers and scientists put her claims of reincarnation memories to the test, but no one was ever able to prove her a fake.
+ The Aleya Ghost Lights
If your travels take you to the swamps of Bengal, be careful. Apart from all the regular dangers a swampland can offer, they come with a very special brand of paranormal peril: mysterious lights that attempt to lure you to your doom.
The Aleya Ghost Lights are a member of the eerie global family of ghost lights, also known as will-o'-the-wisps. They're flying, glowing orbs that float above the marshland and lure unwary travelers in the distance. According to local lore, they're the souls of fishermen who died accidentally in the area, and anyone who is stupid or careless enough to approach them either dies or goes irrevocably insane.
Recently, modern science has been able to solve the mystery. Aleya's creepy ghost lights are actually gases produced by the decaying organic matter in the swamps. Once it rises to the surface and comes in contact with oxygen, oxidization and ionization effects create an ominous photon glow in the air. To further add to the creepy beauty of the phenomenon, the lights are differently colored depending on the gas in question, which creates a multitude of differently colored spook lights.
Pauli Poisuo also writes for Cracked.com. Why not follow him on Twitter?
Associated Press - AUSTIN (AP) - Republican Gov. Greg Abbott says Texas won't legalize marijuana for medicinal or recreational use for as long as he's in office.
Abbott ended his first legislative session Monday by making clear that pot laws won't be relaxed under his watch. His comments came while signing a bill that gives epilepsy patients access to low doses of cannabis oil.
"There is currently no cure for intractable epilepsy and many patients have had little to no success with currently approved drugs," Gov. Abbott said in a statement. "However, we have seen promising results from CBD oil testing and with the passage of this legislation, there is now hope for thousands of families who deal with the effects of intractable epilepsy every day."
The extract comes from marijuana plants and helps control seizures but doesn't produce a high.
More than 20 states allow some form medicinal marijuana, but Abbott signaled that Texas won't be joining the list. His stance isn't surprising given his staunch conservatism. But supporters of marijuana reform have expressed hope that limited approval of cannabis oil would be a step toward change in Texas.
"We are all kind of in the same situation," said Marcy Bingham. She has tried 16 types of drugs for her son, Jacob, who has epilepsy. "So many needles, his veins are no good. We've lost all of his veins now."
Bingham hopes she has found the right solution with cannabis oil.
"We're very hard to change in Texas. Very difficult to make change," she said. "It's a huge change and we know that it's going to help kids."
"I feel like I graduated today. I took Government 101 and I got an A+," said Leslie Moccia. "The bill passed. It was signed today. It's so surreal."
She hopes the law can help her son Zachariah, who has suffered from seizures for years.
"It gives us hope. We were out of treatment options," Moccia added. "This gives us another tool in our toolbox so to say."
Opponents of this bill attacked it from both sides, with some saying the move would lead to marijuana legalization. Others were upset the law did not go far enough and left out cancer patients and people with PTSD.
Only epilepsy patients are eligible for the treatment.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This article is over 3 years old
Anyone urinating on the specially treated walls will get the spray splashed back on to them
'St Pauli pees back': Hamburg red-light district's revenge on urinating revellers Read more
San Francisco is testing urine repellent-paint on walls in areas that get a regular soaking. Anyone urinating on the specially treated walls will get the spray splashed back onto them.
Its director of public works, Mohammed Nuru – whose Twitter handle is @MrCleanSF – got the idea when he read on social media about the use of the paint in Hamburg, Germany's nightclub district to stop beer drinkers from relieving themselves in the street.
Gold Coast may use pee-repellent paint to fight urination in city streets Read more
The paint, called Ultra-Ever Dry, is sold by Ultratech International Inc and is billed as a superhydrophobic coating that will repel most liquids.
Rachel Gordon, a public works department spokeswoman, said: “The urine will bounce back on the guy's pants and shoes. The idea is they will think twice next time about urinating in public.”
She said the super-hard coating made the “bounce back” effect much stronger than when peeing on a regular wall.
Mohammed Nuru (@MrCleanSF) Use a pit stop instead of walls, bus stops and sidewalks or you may be surprised by the anti-wee paint http://t.co/nxZNRHwhjt
In a pilot program, San Francisco last week painted nine walls in areas around bars and other areas with big homeless populations.
San Francisco's gritty Tenderloin pushes back against tech-led gentrification Read more
“Hold it! ... seek relief in an appropriate place,” say signs posted near the paint. The signs are in English, Chinese and Spanish.
The paint went up just last week, but the city is already getting requests for more.
“We've gotten many, many calls from people who wanted it done in their alley or on their buildings,” Gordon said. “Some people are saying it's just a gimmick, but other people hope it will combat some of the smelly areas of San Francisco that have been saturated with urine.”
The cost of painting the walls is much lower than sending out workers to steam clean areas, she said. The city gets hundreds of requests a year to clean up urine.
The city has also added public toilets to reduce the urine problem, Gordon said.
Fox News anchor Martha MacCallum rewrote economic history to blame President Obama for the recession that began in December 2007, arguing that the economy "got worse" in 2009. The Commerce Department on Friday reported that the economy grew by 1.5 percent during the second quarter, a slower rate of growth than the first three months of the year. MacCallum, claiming to provide "a little context" to those figures, noted that the economy actually declined throughout 2008. She then put some deceptive Fox spin on the numbers: It got worse in 2009. In fact, that's when we had our two quarters of consecutive loss and that's what put us into the actual official recessionary status. Nothing about MacCallum's analysis is true.
The economy reached official recessionary status in December 2007 - not in 2009. It got worse in 2008. In fact, during the final quarter of that year, the economy shrunk by 8.9 percent. Nearly 2 million jobs were lost during that one quarter, which was the worst for economic growth in more than 50 years.
Contrary to MacCallum's claim, the economy did not get worse in 2009. While the economy continued to contract during the first half of 2009, it did so at a slower rate than during the last quarter of 2008 before turning to growth in the second half of that year. The recession officially ended in June 2009.
MacCallum's economic distortion furthers the conservative argument that President Obama made the economy worse.
Meanwhile, actual economists are noting that the economy is not growing quickly enough because of drastic cuts to government spending. Nobel prize winning economist and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman called the current economic situation "a picture of an economy hobbled by premature austerity," led by severe cuts in spending by state and local governments. Government spending, which makes up part of the GDP figures released on Friday, has declined for 8 consecutive months.
And while the White House has pushed Congress to pass a jobs bill that would provide aid to states and local governments, Fox News has led a campaign to celebrate the very austerity measures that economists say are hampering economic growth.
On The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Jessica Jones star Krysten Ritter talked about why her character is such an important addition to Marvel's superheroes — and why it's still not enough."Jessica Jones has a very traumatic past," she explained. "She is a survivor of rape and abuse. But her journey through the show is not letting that define her. Everything that's happened to her, she still muscles through and finds her full potential and conquers the guy that abused her."Colbert mentioned criticism that the Marvel universe is a "sausage fest," citing a female Iron Man 3 villain that was changed to the male character Aldrich Killian, because the franchise believed it would sell more toys."Girls can sell toys," Ritter said, resolving to make some phone calls to make sure there's a Jessica Jones toy.She also talked about her childhood on a farm among Amish people who held livestock auctions, saying they somehow knew what "the best cow" was."How come you don't know the best cow?" Colbert joked."Look at me. Do you think I know the best cow?" she asked him."I believe that girls are capable of anything," he responded, eliciting applause from the audience.
Death Spray Custom and Stanridge Speed Volume 2 – Jason Sellers
Death Spray Custom and Stanridge Speed Volume 2
Photos by Jason Sellers and words by John Watson
Back in 2012, Adam Eldridge from Stanridge Speed was obsessing over the Red Hook Crit and the unique form of track bike evolving from these races. Unlike traditional track frames who only make left turns in a velodrome, the design of track crit frames need to be more dynamic. You've got to be able to pedal through all corners, even chicanes and do so with dozens of other racers around you. As a result, many of the track crit frames rely on steeper angles and higher bottom brackets for increased maneuverability. As we've seen in the past, it takes a bit of luck and a lot of skill to make it through one of these crits unscathed, not to mention winning a few back to back.
That's where Adam's interest piqued. Dan Chabanov had been on a winning streak and Adam wanted to put a Stanridge under him. The two were connected, via Squid, an OG bike messenger in New York and they began working together. Knowing this would be a big deal, Adam reached out to David at Death Spray Custom to make the project extra special. The rest is history, and David's paint design made for an interesting story. Adam even got a matching kit made from a sales rack Voler skinsuit he then sublimated the design upon.
Fast forward to 2016, Adam wanted to work once again with Death Spray Custom, and make a much better kit. Stanridge Speed had a new pilot for the Red Hook Crit series. Hayley Edwards would race for the second Death Spray collaboration and Endo Customs would put her in one of their new racing skinsuits. Originally, the debut was supposed to launch in Milan but everything came together in time for Barcelona.
If you want to see this bike in Person, you'll have to go to the Red Hook Crit Milan and if you'd like to see the original Death Spray x Stanridge Speed, you'll have to go to Deluxe Cycles in Brooklyn.
Thanks to Jason Sellers for the exceptional photos and to Hayley Edwards for taking the time during her busy racing schedule to be photographed with the bike.
____
Follow Jason on Instagram and Stanridge Speed on Instagram.
KANSAS CITY, MO—Tammy Dickinson, United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri, announced today that a Texas man has been charged in federal court for his role in a fraud scheme in which a Dallas area hospital paid more than $1 million to purchase an MRI from conspirators who impersonated representatives of Kansas City-based Cerner Corporation.
Albert Davis, 54, of Richardson, Texas, was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud in a criminal complaint filed under seal in the U.S. District Court in Kansas City, Mo., on Feb. 12, 2015. The complaint and affidavit were unsealed and made public today upon Davis's arrest and initial court appearance in the U.S. District Court in Tyler, Texas, where he remains in federal custody.
The federal criminal complaint alleges that Davis participated in a wire fraud conspiracy with at least six unnamed co-conspirators that began May 1, 2009. Davis allegedly convinced employees of Dallas Medical Center and Prime Health Care (which acquired the hospital during the course of the fraud scheme) that he and his co-conspirators were working with Cerner. As a result, Dallas Medical Center transmitted two wire payments to the conspirators' bank account totaling $1,061,550.
Dickinson praised Cerner's swift action in reporting the fraud. “As soon as Cerner employees became aware of this incident, they immediately notified representatives at the hospital and contacted law enforcement to provide information central to the investigation and prosecution of this case,” Dickinson said.
The charge is part of a multi-district investigation based in the Western District of Missouri, which also includes the Northern and Eastern Districts of Texas and the Western District of Arkansas.
According to an affidavit filed in support of the criminal complaint, Davis and his co-conspirators impersonated Cerner employees, physicians, investors and others—both in e-mails and in-person visits. The affidavit alleges that Davis and his co-conspirators created a fake Cerner business entity, opened a fake Cerner bank account, registered a fake Cerner Internet domain, created fake Cerner employee e-mail accounts, leased virtual office space for a fake Cerner address in Kansas City and paid for cellphones with local 816 area code phone numbers. They allegedly created fake Cerner product quotes and fake Cerner invoices.
Davis and his co-conspirators allegedly worked together as a part of several businesses and entities created by Davis and a co-conspirator. Co-conspirators are linked to at least 70 individual business entities registered in Texas, Colorado, Nevada, Wyoming, Washington, Delaware and Florida in which some combination of them are involved. These entities often utilize similar names and addresses, but usually maintain separate business registration and bank accounts.
Raji Kumar, CEO of Dallas Medical Center, told federal agents that she was approached by Davis and a co-conspirator in February 2012. According to the affidavit, they claimed they were partnering with Cerner to sell MRIs. She was told their company, iHeart, had cardiac MRI technology that was a breakthrough in medical science and would change the way patients were diagnosed with cardiac issues. After the initial meeting, the affidavit says, Kumar also met with other co-conspirators.
According to the affidavit, Cerner generated a real quote to sell an MRI, in partnership with Davis, to Dallas Medical Center. However, Cerner made the decision to not pursue the MRI deal with Davis, which was communicated to Davis in October 2012. According to Kumar, Dallas Medical Center was never told by Davis that Cerner was out of the deal.
Instead, the affidavit says, Dallas Medical Center began receiving e-mails purportedly from Cerner employees. The e-mails had the “@cernerinc” domain (which is not used by Cerner) and provided information and confirmation about the MRI sale.
On Oct. 17, 2012, Davis hosted representatives of Dallas Medical Center and Prime Health Care Services at Plano, Texas, for a site visit to look at their MRI. Davis allegedly introduced Kumar and others to an individual identified as “Senior Physicist Suresh Mitta of Cerner” (actually one of the unnamed co-conspirators) who helped demonstrate the equipment. This individual presented a “Cerner” business card to Kumar.
After the visit, Prime Health Care Services made the decision to purchase a new MRI system, as opposed to upgrading the current system.
On Nov. 5, 2012, Prime Health Care Services agreed to buy the MRI for $1,330,130. Conspirators allegedly provided instructions to wire the funds to a fake Cerner bank account. Conspirators allegedly sent a fraudulent invoice that divided the payment into three separate wire transfers of $508,250, $553,300 and $268,550. The first two payments were made in November and December 2012; the third payment was never made because the fraud was detected.
Kumar asked Davis for references, the affidavit says, and he provided three names. Kumar said she attempted to call the three references provided by Davis; two physicians from Oklahoma told her they were happy with the MRI from Cerner and had no issues. (When interviewed later by federal agents, both doctors said they had not talked with Kumar or anyone from Dallas Medical Center about an MRI.)
Kumar said the installation was never completed, and despite numerous calls, nothing was done. The hospital made the decision to try and involve Cerner directly to help finish the installation and get the MRI working.
A hospital employee called the real Cerner Corporation and left a message for the employee with whom they thought they had been dealing. That employee called him back, however, and stated that the hospital was confused, and that Cerner had not sold them an MRI. According to Kumar, on June 26, 2013, she exchanged calls and e-mails with employees from the real Cerner Corporation who had reviewed the e-mails Dallas Medical Center had received, along with the purported Cerner invoices. Cerner employees quickly identified that these were not authentic Cerner invoices and informed her that the e-mails were not sent from the real Cerner domain.
The affidavit also refers to another instance involving Dallas Medical Center in which Davis allegedly impersonated another company to sell a Cath Lab to the hospital, using the same techniques of registering a fake domain, fake e-mails, and a fake business entity. Prior to the MRI negotiations, the hospital made four payments totaling $491,000 to CIS Cardiovascular. These payments actually were made to a bank account over which Davis was the sole person with signature authority.
Criminal Complaint: Eastern District of Texas
In a separate case, Davis was charged with perjury in a federal criminal complaint filed in the Eastern District of Texas, related to his testimony in a civil trial in that district.
Davis, through his company LBDS Holding Company, LLC, sued a company called ISOL Technology, Inc., and two other firms for breach of contract, trade secrets misappropriation, civil conspiracy, unfair competition, and theft of trade secrets. According to court records, this case went to trial in the spring of 2014 and the jury awarded LBDS a verdict of approximately $25 million.
ISOL subsequently filed an emergency motion for sanctions against Davis's company. In its motion, ISOL argued that LBDS manufactured and falsified evidence in the trial and committed a fraud upon the court. They asked the court to set aside the verdict.
During the trial, Davis and one of the unnamed co-conspirators both testified at trial about e-mails from the domain cernerinc.com. According to the affidavit, e-mails using the cernerinc.com domain were introduced as exhibits, along with a fake “Cerner Distribution Agreement” that purportedly committed Cerner to purchase 345 MRI systems from Davis.
Dickinson cautioned that the charge contained in this complaint is simply an accusation, and not evidence of guilt. Evidence supporting the charge must be presented to a federal trial jury, whose duty is to determine guilt or innocence.
This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Matthew P. Wolesky. It was investigated by the FBI.
Story Highlights Index remains at +32 for fifth consecutive month
Government and nongovernment hiring both steady
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Gallup's U.S. Job Creation Index registered +32 in September for the fifth consecutive month. This is the highest score Gallup has recorded since it began measuring employees' perceptions of job creation at their workplaces in early 2008.
Shortly after Gallup began tracking job creation, the index nosedived as the Great Recession wreaked havoc on the economy. After remaining in negative territory for most of 2009, the index slowly recovered, reaching +30 in September 2014. It then dipped slightly and stayed between +27 and +29 over the next six months. It increased to +31 in April and another point in May to reach the current high, which it has held since.
The results are based on interviews with 17,284 U.S. full- and part-time workers conducted Sept. 1-30 as part of Gallup Daily tracking. Gallup asks employed workers nationwide each day whether their employer is increasing, reducing or maintaining the size of its workforce. In September, 43% of workers said their employer was hiring workers and expanding the size of its workforce, and 11% said their employer was letting people go and reducing the size of its workforce, resulting in the index score of +32. The "hiring" and "letting people go" percentages have been steady for the last several months.
Government, Nongovernment Hiring Both Steady in September
Net hiring in the private sector, where the large majority of U.S. employees work, was +33 for the month of September, the same it has been for five of the past six months.
Government hiring netted +25 in September -- similar to scores recorded since April.
Regionally, net hiring was lowest in the East, at +29. The region generally has ranked lowest in workers' perceptions of hiring since 2013. Meanwhile, the Midwest had the highest net hiring score in September, at +34. This is down slightly from +36 in August, which matched the highest score any region has received since Gallup began tracking job creation. Net hiring in the South registered +32, while it was +33 in the West.
These data are available in Gallup Analytics.
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews conducted Sept. 1-30, 2015, on Gallup Daily tracking, with a random sample of 17,284 adults, aged 18 and older, who are employed full or part time, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. For results based on the total sample of national adults, the margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point at the 95% confidence level. All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting.
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 60% cellphone respondents and 40% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods.
Learn more about how Gallup Daily tracking works.
01 - PharaOm - Rainbow Project (145 BPM)
02 - Siam - Colorful Expansion (142 BPM)
03 - Nova Fractal - Connect (145 BPM)
04 - Trinodia - Deceive My Eyes (139 BPM)
05 - InnerSelf - Modules (150 BPM)
06 - Agneton - Wizards From The Future (Afterlife Remix) (153 BPM)
07 - Arronax - The Dark Flow (144 BPM)
08 - Somnesia - Eternal Life (147 BPM)
09 - Psyrius - Draconid (Imba's Be My Light Remix) (85 BPM)
Neogoa returns with brand-new compilation entitled The Omega Point, a collection of previously unreleased tracks by established artists, all of whom released material on Neogoa and many other labels during the last two years. The Omega Point theory refers to a cosmological mechanism for the resurrection of the dead proposed by American mathematical physicist and cosmologist Frank J. Tipler. All tracks are carefully selected by label head Richpa with mastering by Igor Čeranić at Deimos Soundlabs. Cover artwork by Ivan Parić at Neogoa Design.
MP3 Download | FLAC Download | WAV Download · Download count: 19,550.
Released under a Creative Commons licence for noncommercial usage.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser. Be sure to activate Flash in your browser; it is usually disabled by default in Chrome and other modern browsers.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Juventus squeezed past Serie A rivals Fiorentina in the Europa League on Thursday with a narrow 2-1 aggregate win.
Andrea Pirlo's goal gave Antonio Conte's side the win 1-0 win on the night, but the game was marred somewhat by Carlos Tevez's stamp on the head of La Viola goalkeeper Neto.
The Argentina international brought his boot down on to the head of the stopper in stoppage time, and referee Howard Webb appeared to be initially flummoxed by the keeper's anger.
However, he eventually brandished the yellow to Tevez, as Juve went through to the quarter-finals.
View the incident up close above and make up your own mind.
Welcome to First Click, an essay written by The Verge staff in which we opine on lives lived in the near future.
I'm not a parent, but I feel like I took a step into legitimate adulthood earlier this month when my wife and I spent a weekend babysitting a friend's two-year-old. Happily he was an easy kid to look after, but he's still a two-year-old, and as I discovered (and you parent already know), he required near-constant surveillance. If we wanted a moment of freedom — to cook, to grab a drink, to go to the bathroom — then the only surefire option was to park him in front of YouTube.
His channel of choice was Little Baby Bum. It's a giant in the world of kids' YouTube, with nearly 10 million subscribers and almost 500 videos, each one setting a simple song to cheerful 3D animations. As far as kids shows go, it's markedly inoffensive, using classic nursery rhymes and little branding, but it still had an incredible effect on his young mind. The opening of the YouTube app induced almost total silence: an almost-religious trance that seemed guaranteed to last as long as the playlist ran. Throughout, his only noise was a reverent sigh when he saw the channel's mascot appear, no matter how many different variants of “Wheels on the Bus” he endured in a row.
I thought of this digital panacea again this week with the news that YouTube video gaming personality JonTron had made several racists and anti-semitic statements. JonTron — real name Jon Jafari — started his week by tweeting support for Iowa representative Steve King on Sunday, after King made the troubling claim that “we can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies.” Jafari then doubled down on this stance in an interview with fellow streamer Steven “Destiny” Bonnell, complaining of the erosion of a “unifying culture” in the United States, portraying Black Lives Matter as violent terrorists, and repeatedly making portentous warnings that white people would become the minority in American society.
Wow, how scandalous, Steve King doesn't want his country invaded by people who have contempt for his culture and people! NAZI!!! — Jon Jafari (@JonTronShow) March 12, 2017
These statements are troubling enough on their own, but they're particularly strange from the mouth of the mop-headed Jafari, who's best known for yelping theatrically at video games, and who's major audience is young people. I first came across Jafari's videos about five years ago, when he was a member of a collective of YouTube Let's Play-ers called the Game Grumps. In the intervening years, I was dimly aware, Jafari either left or was excised from the Grumps, building up his own YouTube network and prodigious subscriber count with video game-focused clips, skits, and commentaries.
But at some point along the way he was apparently radicalized by the far-right (or at the very least adopted their talking points). I don't think as a general rule that entertainers should be forcibly cut off from their politics — art and entertainment don't exist in a vacuum — but Jafari's heel turn to white nationalism is difficult to swallow when he has such unalloyed access to millions of children. Jafari's been making videos for long enough that, for a generation raised on iPads and smartphones rather than TVs and movie screens, he's had the time to cement himself as a much-loved figure. It's like if Mister Rogers started distributing KKK literature around his neighborhood, or if Bill Nye announced that the Moon landing was faked by Jewish people.
Jafari's case is a harder echo of Felix “Pewdiepie” Kjellberg's recent videos, in which he paid two Indian men to hold a banner reading “death to Jews,” and was subsequently dropped by the Disney-owned Maker Studios. Kjellberg argued that he used the phrase for shock, and unlike Jafari, backed very quickly away from any serious right-wing views. While his actions were foul, his argument was at least partially convincing: I don't honestly think that Pewdiepie is an ardent racist, and it's certainly not the first time he has defaulted to shock to dig for humor in his videos.
But I also don't think that his tens of millions of teen and pre-teen fans will immediately identify his antics as a nuanced criticism of the gig economy and global inequality, as he has insinuated. A sizable percentage will instead see their favorite celebrity in the world making the same funny faces he pulls at video games to a banner calling for genocide, and — having already been hardcoded over the last five years of Five Nights at Freddy's videos to read Kjellberg's faces of shock and surprise as comedy — decide that those heinous words are now the height of playground hilarity.
Anecdotal evidence pointed out by Waypoint suggests that's already happening. Under a post detailing JonTron's Destiny interview, one Gizmodo commenter shared a story about his girlfriend's young nephews, both of whom made joking references to “bashing Jews” and Hitler. “They've learned all this stupidity from these dumb fucking YouTube Minecraft streamers and repeat it mindlessly,” the commenter said. “Think about how many children are out here learning all this horrible shit like it's normal.”
There's an argument that parents should be limiting what kids can watch on YouTube in the same way that a sensible parent would stop a four-year-old from watching a horror movie, but that's nearly impossible in this day and age. YouTube is physically different, for one, appearing on phones in pockets and in playgrounds in a way a CRT TV never could. Some parents will use YouTube almost as much as their kids, but for others, there's also a pronounced generational disconnect that means they just don't get the medium, how it works, or the way it's becoming the dominant form of entertainment for many kids. Add to that the fact that there's just so much on the site, and its video creators are so prodigious, that even if you understand it completely, keeping up with your kid's media consumption could be a full-time job.
Parents see video games on screen and “it's not a red flag”
On YouTube, these fringe opinions are insidious, too. They're not set to Leni Riefenstahl films or videos of the Nuremberg Rallies — they dribble out during video game streams, or in Twitch chat, or in YouTube's never-ending “up next” queue. These are ostensibly benign spaces that have become politicized in recent years, but not so loudly that the average parent will be able to clock the association. As the Gizmodo commenter notes, the kids' parents see video games and “it's not a red flag.”
It's easy enough to vet what a two-year-old is watching — they can't work the Fire Stick controls — and child-friendly YouTube and Kindle apps lock off more adult content entirely. But what happens when these kids grow up enough to develop fine motor skills and graduate beyond nursery rhymes? How best to monitor and curb this negative influence when it is found? Checking viewing histories provides a general overview, but in Jafari's case, a glance at his channel would reveal his interest in video games, with no mention of his fringe politics. And even then, parents are sitting their kids in front of YouTube precisely so they don't have to watch something banal or repetitive for an hour, so they can get some work done, or have some headspace to themselves.
Google's recently announced Family Link app may be the first step toward a better option. The app lets parents control device usage remotely, setting bedtimes, controlling app use, and even remotely locking it. But the app is still not a curator, and it still can't filter by “white nationalist,” “anti-semite,” or similar terms.
Until they get those tools, today's parents still have to walk a difficult line, balancing quiet time and their child's independence with the knowledge that they may be influenced by questionable people who live in their pockets.
A turkey falls from a plane during the Turkey Trot festival in 2015. The event has been criticized by animal-welfare activists, but proponents say it's an Ozark Mountain tradition. (Courtesy of the Democrat-Gazette/Baxter Bulletin/Kaitlyn Schwers)
If all goes according to plan, a live turkey will be tossed Saturday from a moving airplane 500 feet above the annual Turkey Trot Festival in Yellville, Ark.
If history is any guide, one of three things will happen next.
Option 1: The bird drops like a rock and dies on impact.
Option 2: The animal awkwardly flutters to the ground, where it'll be mobbed by excited townspeople who jostle for control of the frightened animal before it's slaughtered.
Option 3: The bird catches a stiff, serendipitous breeze and glides into the sunset to freedom.
Anywhere else, you might call it animal cruelty, or maybe the “annual turkey sky death lottery.”
In Yellville (pop. 1,204), they call the turkey drop “an Ozark Mountain tradition” — one that has more or less remained intact for 71 years.
Due to protests and weather concerns, the drops were put on hold from 2012 to 2014. But they're back and resumed like old times on Friday, and many locals are rushing to defend the practice.
Terry Ott, a county judge, downplayed concerns about the well-being of the birds during an interview with the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette.
“They're not going to crash,” Ott told the paper. “They're birds. They can fly.”
He added that the event is “important to the community” and “brings in a lot of money.”
Despite maintaining that the birds won't crash, Ott told the paper that pilots go out of their way to avoid crowds before the birds are dropped.
“Safety's first,” he said.
[He was known for rescuing animals. Now he's accused of starving hundreds of exotic pets to death.]
Dana Woods, who has piloted the bird-dropping plane over the years, agreed with Ott, telling the paper that he prefers to say the birds are “released” instead of “dropped.”
“They can fly a long ways,” said Woods, a Mountain View alderman and former president of the Arkansas Pharmacists Association. “We treat the turkeys right. That may sound ironic, but we don't abuse those turkeys. We coddle and pet those turkeys. We're good to them.”
But many disagree, and the debate over whether the animals can successfully fly after being thrown from an aircraft continues to rage.
Max Brantley, a senior editor at the Arkansas Times, decried the practice in a blog post earlier this week, calling the drop “inhumane.”
“They could probably get a good crowd in Yellville for a drawing and quartering, too,” he wrote. “Here's an idea for sport: A drop of frozen Butterball turkeys from 500 feet over the cheering crowd.”
Brantley went on to quote Yvonne Thaxton, a professor of poultry science at the University of Arkansas, who told the Democrat-Gazette that the birds naturally remain at an altitude of 100 feet or fewer. The turkey drop occurs at an altitude of 500 feet, the paper reported.
“Placing turkeys in an environment that is new to them is stressful,” she said. “In the case of an airplane, the noise would also be a stress-producing fear reaction.
“Dropping one from 500 feet is a horrific act of abuse,” she added. “There is no justification for this practice.”
Stephanie Bell, senior director of cruelty casework at People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, agreed in a statement emailed to The Washington Post.
“Despite warning that turkeys don't fly at high altitudes, birds were thrown from a plane for sheer amusement's sake, and at least one died after what must have been a terrifying fall,” she said, referring to a drop's this week. “The ‘Turkey Drop' is cruel as well as illegal under Arkansas law, and PETA will seek vigorous prosecution of those responsible for this shameful, backward stunt.”
The organization recently posted an alert on its website urging people to call local officials and demand an end to the drops, which it labeled “barbaric.”
Mark Hutchings, a biologist supervisor for the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission, told the Democrat-Gazette that wild turkeys are adept fliers.
“Wild turkeys are strong fliers,” Hutchings said. “They are really built more for short, rapid flight. Most of the time continuous wing-beats would not continue more than a couple hundred yards, but they tend to glide intermittently and when they do, can sail for a mile or more. I believe flying speeds can be as fast as 55 miles per hour.”
Brantley argued that the problem with Hutchings' analysis is that the dropped birds aren't wild to begin with.
“The Game and Fish man was talking about WILD turkeys, I'd note,” he wrote. “These are not wild turkeys and they'll be confined to a noisy plane before a drop from 500 feet, a good bit higher than the tree roosts from which a wild turkey might take off.”
Lynn Lunsford, a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration in Fort Worth, told the Democrat-Gazette that dropping objects from airplanes is a legal activity so long as people and property below are not damaged. He said the agency does not weigh in on animal cruelty issues, but noted that an investigator will be present to monitor this year's drop.
“We don't endorse the practice of heaving unsuspecting turkeys out of aircraft for entertainment purposes, but our regulations don't specifically exclude live animals as ‘objects,'” he said in an email. “State and local animal cruelty laws would cover any alleged abuse.”
An ongoing Arkansas Times poll about whether the turkey drop should continue has produced unequivocal results thus far: 77 percent of the poll's 2,750 votes deemed the practice “cruel to the turkeys,” while 23 percent of respondents voted the practice “important to the community.”
MORE READING:
Forget about clowns because now this 800-pound alligator will haunt your dreams
The world just agreed to the strongest protections ever for endangered animals
These Florida men thought it was a good idea to wrestle a baby gator and take a selfie with it
Kraft Foods released a statement Friday night regarding the deadly shooting that occurred in a Northeast Philadelphia plant.
In regards to suspect Yvonne Hiller, officials say, "From time to time, this employee had run-ins with others. However, we don't believe she had a history of violent behavior.
On the day of the incident, she became agitated and used profanity, so we suspended her, took away her company ID and escorted her from the building. Sadly, she returned with a weapon. "
Officials also expressed their deepest condolences to the families who have been touched by the tragedy.
Also on Friday night, police released a photo of the suspect in Thursday's shootings at the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia. The suspect, Yvonne Hiller, 43, was arrested about an hour after the shooting at the plant in the 12000 block of Roosevelt Boulevard.
She is charged with two counts of murder, one count of attempted murder, and one count of aggravated assault. Police say more charges may be coming.
During a Friday morning news conference, police released the names of the three victims.
Tanya Wilson, 47, of the 3800 block of N. Franklin Street in Philadelphia and LaTonya Brown, 36, of the 1100 block of West Poplar Street died during the shooting.
A third coworker, Bryant Dalton, 39, survived the attack.
It all began around 8:30 p.m. when, police say, Hiller was suspended from her job and escorted from the plant. Hiller allegedly quarreled with Wilson, leading to her suspension.
Police say she went to her car, called her boyfriend, then retrieved her .357 Magnum, which she had a license to carry.
Hiller then went back to the plant and pointed the gun at a guard, police say, and gained access to the building.
Meanwhile, her boyfriend called police and told them about the conversation he just had with Hiller where police say she said, "She had enough."
Investigators say she went directly to the third floor mixing area, where she worked, and found four co-workers in a break room. Three of those workers were people Hiller had a problem with, police said.
Once in the break room, police say Hiller told the fourth person to leave. She then allegedly opened fire, killing Wilson and Brown. Brown was shot in the head and Wilson was shot in the side. Both were pronounced dead at the scene.
Dalton was shot in the neck. He has been transferred to Jefferson University Hospital where he is now in stable condition.
After the break room shooting, police say Hiller fired at a plant manager, but missed. Police say she also fired at a plant mechanic, who was following Hiller with a walkie-talkie and was alerting other employees in the business as to what was going on. He was also alerting police via 911 as to where Hiller was located. That mechanic was not injured.
Soon after, police say Hiller went to a second floor office area, turned off the lights, and made more phone calls, including one to 911. On the other end of the line was Corporal Janice Leader who managed to convince Hiller to put down her gun.
Read Corporal Leader's account of the 9-1-1 call
SWAT teams then were able to locate Hiller on the second floor. They found on the floor in a fetal position with the gun behind her. She was taken into custody at around 9:39 p.m., a little more than an hour after it all began.
Watch RAW VIDEO from Chopper 6 HD of the scene
Police say Hiller was not aware that 7 other people were hiding in an adjacent closet to where she was found.
"They had the presence of mind to turn the lights out, to lay low, and to crouch, but they also had the presence of mind to contact someone to let us know that they were there because that obviously changed our tactics," Philadelphia Police Chief Inspector Joseph Sullivan said.
Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey also said one shot was fired at police through a wall, but no officers were injured.
Hiller has worked at the plant for 15 years. Co-workers said Hiller was a troubled woman who, many times, thought people were out to get her - even believing that co-workers were spraying chemicals on her.
Last November, Hiller filed a complaint with OSHA saying she was being sprayed with chemicals, including deer urine. Kraft responded that it investigated and the complaints were unfounded.
While she could get angry, co-worker Kenny Dorsey said he never expected this level of violence.
"I was in shock, I was really in shock. I didn't expect this to happen. I lost two of my closest friends," Dorsey said.
A man whose aunt works in the plant said, after the shootings, the rest of the workers ran for cover.
"She said this lady that works there came in and just wasn't herself, she walked by her two times...and the next thing you know there were gunshots going off," the man told Action News.
Hiller lived alone in a row house in Crescentville. Neighbors say she kept to herself, but was friendly.
"She seemed like a nice lady, she introduced herself to me and my family," neighbor George Harris said.
Family members remember victims of shooting
39-year-old Brian Dalton was critically wounded and is now in stable condition at Jefferson University Hospital.
There is, however, no encouraging news for the families of the two women who died in last night's workplace shooting.
Terral Brown must now make funeral arrangements for her daughter LaTonya.
"LaTonya would do for anybody if they need her because she was always there; we all are just going to miss her so much," Terral said.
36-year-old LaTonya was the mother of four, 3 daughters and a 6-year-old son.
Brown's family says she had worked double shifts all week and was halfway through her second shift at Kraft Foods Thursday night when she was gunned down allegedly by her coworker Yvonne Hiller.
Brown's family is grief stricken, but wants people to know she was a good and hardworking mother.
"LaTonya was a very caring person, very affectionate, she'd do anything she could to help anybody, she would go out of her way," LaTonya's grandmother Palmeta Saavedra said, adding, "To the one that did this to her, I just pray that the Lord would save her, touch her heart."
Terral said LaTonya's father died the same way as his daughter; he was murdered 31 yeaars ago.
Another family grieving is that of 47-year-old Tanya Wilson of North Philadelphia.
Family members told Action News, Yvonne Hiller had said to Wilson earlier in the day that something would happen before the day was over.
Tanya Wilson leaves behind 3 children and 2 grandchildren.
Kraft said in an earlier statement that in addition to the three employees who were shot, a contract worker suffered a less serious injury, but it did not elaborate.
"This is a sad day for the Kraft Foods family," the statement said. "Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families. The loss of a loved one is a great sorrow."
Kraft said the plant would be closed until further notice and the company would provide employees with counseling.
The Kraft Food plant was formerly known as the Nabisco Factory.
Days before Democratic voters will caucus in Nevada, the race in the state between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton is tighter than ever. A new CNN poll out Wednesday showed the two candidates in a virtual dead heat in the state and staff from the Sanders campaign confirmed to ABC News that they have conducted their own polling in the state and are optimistic about what they see.
As the pressure builds ahead of the next contest in the primary fight, ABC News recently obtained an audio recording of what sounds like intensive message polling conducted on Clinton's behalf to a caller in the northern part of the state.
In the recording, provided to ABC News by the Sanders campaign, a woman's voice asks a man on the other end for, among other things, his impression of both talking points that are favorable to Clinton and a series of attack lines against the Vermont senator.
The Sanders campaign said the recording and that type of polling are evidence that the Clinton campaign is nervous about a state they once thought they had locked up.
"I am not surprised at all that they are testing negative lines of attack," Tad Devine, a strategist with the Sanders campaign told ABC News in response to the audio recording.
"It is clear they are preparing for a much more negative campaign," said Devine, who was not the one who provided the recording to ABC News. "They are clearly seeing Nevada as close as we're seeing it.”
The woman on the call first asks the listener to rate how well Clinton and Sanders would do in the general election, as well as with the various aspects of being president if elected.
The woman then reads negative statements the two candidates have said about each other and asks the listener, based on those statements, for whom he would vote.
She then pivots to gain the listener's reaction to pro-Clinton talking points.
"For each of these statements that I read, please tell me how much more likely it makes you to vote for Clinton as president,” the woman says. One of the statements she reads is, “Hillary Clinton says it is not enough to have plans that sound good on paper, but won't ever actually happen. ... Does that statement make much more likely, somewhat more likely, a little more likely or no difference at all?”
She then tests lines about Clinton's primary opponent. “Next, you're going to hear some statements that someone could make about Bernie Sanders. After each one, please tell me how much they concern you,” she says. "Bernie Sanders is making big campaign promises that will cost up to 20 trillion dollars. The New York Times said his plans are not realistic. Other independent experts said his plans are unworkable and dead on arrival in Congress. That's the recipe for even more political gridlock ..."
The man on the other end, who the Sanders campaign says is a Sanders' supporter, says the statement does not concern him. The audio goes on with lines about Sanders' voting history on gun manufacturing and sales, immigration and health care.
“Bernie Sanders has a plan to replace Obamacare and put all Americans into a whole new health care system,” the female voice says in another example.
When ABC News presented the audio recording to an aide with the Clinton campaign, the aide said the campaign could neither confirm nor deny that the audio was from polling done by the campaign or an outside group affiliated with the campaign.
However, the aide argued that it was an example of “message-testing” polling, common among all campaigns.
“This is just the latest in a long, sad list of conspiracy theories from a Sanders campaign that can't handle the scrutiny they're now facing. Our campaign has not and does not do push polling,” Jesse Ferguson, a spokesperson for the Clinton campaign, told ABC News. The term push polling is highly charged in political circles and tends to refer to negative or biased polling that could sway the listener.
Sanders pollster Ben Tulchin told ABC News that in his opinion the poll recorded was more negative than anything he ran.
“In my view, it is one-sided and that is what you call a push poll. A whole battery of negatives against Sanders and then, ‘Would that make you more or less likely to vote for him?,'” Tulchin said. “You have to try to maintain some sort of balance and they didn't even try.”
Story continues
An electro-dance craze that has gone viral on the internet is sparking insults and fisticuffs in Tunisia, where secularists and Islamists are battling for the soul of a nation.
TUNIS // An electro-dance craze that has gone viral on the internet is sparking insults and fisticuffs in Tunisia, where secularists and Islamists are battling for the soul of a nation.
The social divide in the North African country was sharply punctuated on February 6 when a lone hooded gunman shot to death leading leftist opposition figure Chokri Belaid outside his home in the capital.
The authorities say the still-fugitive assassin was a Salafist Muslim.
A number of social media sites belonging to Salafists and other Islamist groups have denounced the Harlem Shake as indecent, with participants, some even dressed up as Salafists, smoking, dancing wildly and simulating sexual acts.
Yesterday saw more violence, but the worst injuries were probably only bruises and bloodied noses, when Salafists tried to prevent the filming of a Harlem Shake at a Tunis school.
At another school, south of the capital, students reacted angrily when their principal banned them from filming. They hurled stones at the police, who responded with tear gas.
When a dozen ultraconservative Muslim youths, some of them women, showed up at the Bourguiba Language Institute in Tunis's El Khadra neighbourhood, a Salafist bastion, students shouted "Get out, get out!"
One of the Salafists shouted: "Our brothers in Palestine are being killed by Israelis, and you are dancing." He said he wanted to explain what behaviour Islam considers as haram and halal.
That drew the ire of one youth, wearing the mask of a deformed face featured in the American horror film Scream.
"Mind your own business and keep your lessons of morality for others," he shouted. "No guy like you is going to stop us from doing what we want!"
Another Salafist, bearded and wearing military gear, was found to be carrying a petrol bomb, but was surrounded by teachers who prevented him from using it.
The incident degenerated into fisticuffs before the Salafists retreated.
Masters student and organiser Fidaa Jebali later showed an AFP correspondent a red welt on her cheek.
"One of the veiled girls called me an apostate before slapping me," said Jebali from behind huge rose-coloured spectacles. "It's not normal to have to suffer this in 2013."
In Sousse, 120 kilometres south of Tunis, students angered over their principal's ban "gathered outside the school, near a hospital, and began igniting smoke bombs," the interior ministry spokesman Khaled Tarrouche told AFP.
"The security forces tried to convince them to put out the smoke bombs, but they refused and threw stones at them and wounded two policemen. The forces of order were obliged to respond with tear gas," he added.
On Monday, the education minister Abdellatif Abid said a probe had been ordered into the staging two days earlier of a Harlem Shake by students in a Tunis suburb.
He said there could be expulsions of students or sacking of educational staff who were behind the staging of the dance.
The Saturday version was purportedly staged by students from Menzah 6 district in a school compound, with some in shorts and others sporting fake beards and the tunics typically worn by Salafists.
Police have arrested a minor after investigating harassment of a Plano school district student. The suspect is charged with harassment, a Class B misdemeanor. (Published Tuesday, Oct. 29, 2013)
Police have arrested a juvenile after investigating harassment of a Plano school district student.
The suspect is charged with harassment, a Class B misdemeanor. The juvenile, whose name is not being released because the suspect is a minor, was taken to the John R. Roach Juvenile Detention Center in McKinney on Tuesday afternoon.
Keri Riddell told NBC 5 that the victim is her 17-year-old daughter, Shea Shawhan.
Riddell said her daughter, a junior at Plano West High School with special needs, has been bombarded with text messages from fake numbers for the last eight months. The messages were often threatening and vicious and led to emotional and physical pain, she said.
"We've been broken for a long time -- physically, too," Riddell said. "These text messages caused her to have these seizures that turn our household upside down."
Shawhan plays softball and is a member of the cheer squad.
"She's awesome, super sweet," Riddell said. "She'd give you the shirt off her back. She'd give you the skin off her back if you asked her for it."
She said the suspect is a female student who was close to her daughter.
"When the detective told me who it was, I literally threw up because I just replayed those messages in my head, and I saw myself asking this person to stop, begging them to stop," Riddell said.
Months ago, Riddell started the Facebook page I'm with Shea, which now has more than 80,000 likes. She also started making T-shirts with the same slogan and hopes to use the funds from a newly created nonprofit to help fight bullying.
The Plano school district superintendent said in a statement that the case
"This investigation has brought a great deal of attention to assist with stamping out bullying behaviors," Plano school district Superintendent Richard Matkin said in a statement. "Anti-bullying messages remain important, and this incident has been a challenge to manage without compromising child privacy law requirements and also attempting to maintain educational focus. We expect all students to exemplify respect, good citizenship and to reflect compassion for all."
Consulate General of Russia in New York City. Andrei Deev via Wikipedia Police found a 63-year-old security official dead with head trauma inside the Russian consulate in New York City on Tuesday.
"Right now there does not appear to be any criminality. We're just waiting for the M.E. (medical examiner) to determine a cause of death," said officer Sophia Mason of the New York Police Department.
The man apparently collapsed because of a medical issue, New York Daily News reports.
Officers found the man unconscious when they arrived, and paramedics later pronounced him dead at the scene, police said in a statement.
Police responded less than an hour after polls opened in New York following a presidential campaign in which Russia was a leading issue.
The Russian consulate is less than two miles from Trump Tower, the home and campaign headquarters of Republican candidate Donald Trump.
Police were withholding identification of the man pending family notification. Russian consulate officials were unavailable for comment.
Cisco did some apologizing this past week. The networking giant apologized for all the confusion about Cisco Connect Cloud and the suspect terms of service that many people viewed as a way for the company to monitor behavior and potentially cut off their router if they infringed.
Cisco Connect Cloud is a service that updates a router automatically for customers. It's part of Cisco's effort to connect all the “things,” in your home, be it your PC, tablet, appliances and anything else you can think of. It limits the owner's capability to control the router itself. The advantage, Cisco claims, is it gives you the ability to manage your router no matter where you are.
Issues surfaced last week when customers upgraded the firmware on their routers and were directed to a page that asked them to update to the Cisco Connect Cloud service.
Ars Technica's Jon Brodkin experienced the issue himself after buying a Cisco Linksys EA3500 dual-band wireless router. Soon after installing it, he was notified of a firmware update. A sign up page appeared for Cisco Connect Cloud when he tried to access the browser's internal administrative Web interface. After signing up for Cisco Connect Cloud he had limited ability to manually administer the device.
Brodkin:
In exchange for the convenience of Connect Cloud, you have to agree to some pretty onerous terms. In short, Cisco would really hate it if you use the Web to view porn or download copyrighted files without paying for them.
The story soon spread. Cisco has since backed off and has changed the terms of service. I did a search for “pornography,” and did not find any references.
Update: A Cisco spokesperson said the company has comprehensively rebutted allegations that it monitors personal Internet use. He said Cisco has similarly comprehensively rebutted allegations that the company has in any way modified its technology to aid with surveillance in China. Cisco has a company policy that prohibits selling such technology for public infrastructure projects in China, he said. He referred to a blog post from Cisco's general counsel on the subject. The spokesperson alsop said Cisco's terms of service contained errors which have been comprehensively addressed. He noted that Cisco did not change its ervice or policy. Instead, it corrected errors in a document.
This all may not seem like a big deal to many people. It ties into the belief that companies can be trusted with our data or that nothing will ever happen to them even if they do have it. Also, companies generally have pretty restrictive terms of service. Legal departments demand it.
But Cisco is a bit different. Here's why.
Cisco is in the business of surveillance. It provides Internet and video surveillance technology to law enforcement organizations, national governments and any number of government agencies. ISPs and service providers throughout the world use Cisco's “Lawful Intercept,” technology to conduct electronic surveillance.
Cisco's surveillance technology is used throughout the world. But it's the work Cisco does in China that raises the most questions about its ethical practices.
The Human Rights Law Foundation filed suit last year in federal court, arguing Cisco helped customize its networking equipment to monitor members of the Falun Gong group. They argue that with the help of the Cisco technology, the Chinese kidnapped, detained, imprisoned, tortured and subjected group members to forced labor. There are reports that the Chinese harvested organs from Falun Gong members they took into custody.
From the Weekly Standard:
The financial excitement of a wired China quickly led to a proliferation of eight major Internet service providers (ISPs) and four pipelines to the outside world. To force compliance with government objectives — to ensure that all pipes lead back to Rome — they needed the networking superpower, Cisco, to standardize the Chinese Internet and equip it with firewalls on a national scale. According to the Chinese engineer [that the publication spoke with], Cisco came through, developing a router device, integrator, and firewall box specially designed for the government's telecom monopoly. At approximately $20,000 a box, China Telecom “bought many thousands” and IBM arranged for the “high-end” financing. Michael confirms: “Cisco made a killing. They are everywhere.”
Cisco vehemently denies the charges.
I am sure many of you will say that the people complaining are overwrought with conspiracy theories. I have no special knowledge of Cisco's intentions, but I do believe Cisco's policies about monitoring an individual's use of their home routers is relevant to its corporate focus on surveillance and interests in China.
There may not be a connection at all between this and the iffy TOS, but the TOS is certainly is a reminder of how Cisco allegedly helped China use its technology as a tool for repression. In similar fashion, is Cisco now using a questionable firmware update to lock users into terms that could be used to restrict customer freedoms? The terms have been updated but it still forces the question about Cisco's policies.
Here's a closer to look at the terms of service I mentioned earlier.
Until last week, Cisco's terms of service for Cisco Connect Cloud meant access to your apps, browser history and more. Here's an excerpt that has been quoted widely by Brodkin and others:
When you use the Service, we may keep track of certain information related to your use of the Service, including but not limited to the status and health of your network and networked products; which apps relating to the Service you are using; which features you are using within the Service infrastructure; network traffic (e.g., megabytes per hour); internet history; how frequently you encounter errors on the Service system and other related information (“Other Information”).
What would Cisco do with that information? That's the big question. The reports of Cisco being willing to help the Chinese government snoop calls into question its own practices with its own customers.
Now, let's take it a step further. What if you are active in the conservation movement or involved in a political campaign ? I don't care if you are as left-wing as Marx or out in the parking lot with John Wayne. It's this excerpt from the terms of service that makes you pause:
You agree not to use or permit the use of the Service: (i) to invade another's privacy; (ii) for obscene, pornographic, or offensive purposes; (iii) to infringe another's rights, including but not limited to any intellectual property rights; (iv) to upload, email or otherwise transmit or make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam, junk mail or any other form of solicitation; (v) to transmit or otherwise make available any code or virus, or perform any activity, that could harm or interfere with any device, software, network or service (including this Service); or (vi) to violate, or encourage any conduct that would violate any applicable law or regulation or give rise to civil or criminal liability.
That's a pretty broad term of service. It's curious for a few reasons. It's a questionable restriction on free speech. It puts Cisco in control of your own hardware. It gives Cisco the ability to share your data with third parties. And it sets the stage for more hooks and potential packet sniffing.
Now compare it to what we know about the Golden Shield Project, China's master database and firewall that it uses to censor Chinese society. Like Golden Shield, Cisco's terms of service made it clear that they were monitoring what you do. They did not say they were censoring you. They just made it abundantly aware that they could take action if need be.
Brett Wingo, vice president and general manager for Cisco Home Networking said in a blog post that the service has never monitored customers' Internet usage, nor was it designed to do so.
How we ultimately judge Cisco depends on how it wields its power. Cisco has issued an apology. It says it will not use your data against you. It maintains it will not arbitrarily disconnect customers from the Internet.
But can it be trusted?
One day after $53 million abruptly disappeared from an experimental cryptocurrency project, a note claiming to be from the attacker has surfaced on PasteBin, claiming that the money drained from the system is now legally his. The attacker withdrew the money by exploiting a contract bug in the code of the DAO (or Decentralized Autonomous Organization), a collective investment fund that uses the Ethereum cryptocurrency. The DAO had raised well over $100 million from Ethereum users at the time of the attack.
"I have carefully examined the code of The DAO and decided to participate after finding the feature where splitting is rewarded with additional ether," the note reads. "I... have rightfully claimed 3,641,694 ether, and would like to thank the DAO for this reward," the note reads. "I am disappointed by those who are characterizing the use of this intentional feature as ‘theft.'" The note also threatens legal action against any who attempt to reclaim the money through technical means.
The note concludes with an identifying signature and hash, but a number of experts have questioned their validity. Reached by The Verge, the Ethereum project's Nick Johnson said the signature doesn't appear to be valid:
ECDSA signatures of the sort used by Ethereum are 65 bytes (130 hexadecimal digits) long, and end with '00' or '01'. The number at the end of his message is the right length, but ends with '20', making it an invalid signature.
If the attacker wrote the message, there would be no reason for him not to provide a valid signature. If the message were written by an impostor, on the other hand, they'd be unable to generate a valid signature, and would have reason to make their message more convincing by adding a fraudulent one.
For that reason, I'm certain that the message is a fraud, written by someone who wants to stir up trouble in the community.
If valid, the note would significantly complicate the ongoing efforts to recover the money. At the moment, all funds taken from the DAO are stuck in a holding account as a result of a clause in the DAO contract, and must remain there for the next 26 days. A number of Ethereum leaders have been making efforts to get it back, including a proposed change to the Ethereum code that would make those coins effectively unspendable. If enough of the community accepts the change, it could prevent the money from slipping away.
Still, the legal reasoning in the note isn't entirely unprecedented. The DAO is structured like a legal contract, and while the attack certainly wasn't an intended use of that contract, it proceeded according to the contract's pre-established rules. Cornell cryptographer Emin Gün Sirer wrote yesterday that draining the funds may not even qualify as a hack.
"Had the attacker lost money by mistake," Sirer wrote, "I am sure the devs would have had no difficulty appropriating his funds and saying ‘this is what happens in the brave new world of programmatic money flows.' When he instead emptied out coins from The DAO, the only consistent response is to call it a job well done."
Updated 1:40PM ET: Updated with Nick Johnson statement questioning the validity of the note.
Update: Apple has refreshed its anti-malware software. XProtect.plist should now be able to detect and block at least three variants of iWorm - OSX.iWorm.A, OSX.iWorm.B, and OSX.iWorm.C. For more ways to spot and remove malware, check out this look at the top 10 malware removal tools.
Another day, another hack in the headlines. This time, it's Mac users potentially falling victim to a new piece of malware dubbed iWorm, which is though to have infected more than 1,200 UK computers by manipulating Reddit's search and commenting functions.
This particular nasty recruits your machine into a botnet, so your Mac could have information stolen, further malware planted, be used to spread malware, or even launch spam campaigns or DDoS attacks.
Security blogger Graham Cluley points out that it's another "timely warning" that Mac users shouldn't think they're immune to hackers and other online ne'er-do-wells.
Better still, Graham notes that you can get a free six month Bitdefender license if you haven't already got protection for your Mac, with the security software having already been updated to detect most known strains of the iWorm malware.
Note that this offer expires at midnight tonight, so get on it sharpish. You should also check the terms and conditions of signing up, as it's not immediately clear what happens after the free six month period.
Just hit the link below to grab the special offer, especially if you're a Redditor.
Like this? Now read: Are Bugs Like Shellshock and Heartbleed Really Serious, or Just Hype?
Bitdefender
Photo by DeclanTM
[Update via MacRumours]
The massive regeneration plan for the Brandywell stadium and grounds has been given the green light by Derry and Strabane Council's Planning Committee.
The Committee unanimously backed a recommendation by Planning Officer Malachy McCarron that the long-awaited project be given the go ahead during a meeting in the Guildhall on Wednesday evening .
The move means official permission is now in place to press ahead with a raft of new developments.
The planning application related to the demolition of the existing terraces, stand and changing rooms along Lone Moor Road to be replaced by a new 2,400 seated stands with associated facilities.
Th exisitng grass pitch will be replaced with a 3G football surface, while boundary walls at South End Park, Branydwell Road and Lone Moor Road will be knocked down and replaced.
The dog track will be relocated to neat the Showgrounds with associated stand and facilities including new kennels, and with the Showgrounds getting a newly realigned pitch.
Proposing that the Committee back Mr McCarron's recommendation, SDLP Councillor John Boyle said: “Obviously this is a very, very significant development for the city and I am sure we would all agree on that.”
DEER PARK, Texas – There was a scary situation outside Deer Park Elementary Thursday after one mom pulled a gun on another in the drop-off line.
This happened in the morning as parents were dropping their kids off at school, according to school officials.
Apparently the gun was pulled after an altercation escalated, and kids were still inside both vehicles.
No one was injured in the incident and the weapon was not fired.
“Breaks my heart because they are so impressionable at this point when is this going to do for them when they have a conflict,” Jeff Wylin, a neighbor said. “Is that the first resolution they are going to think of, I'll pull a gun and brandish a gun? Not good.”
"People should be watching what they say in front of their children," said Judy Fields, as she was walking her granddaughter home from school. "Can you imagine a child seeing that?"
It is illegal to carry a weapon on a school's campus.
Deer Park police were called to the scene but did not make any arrests. The Harris County District Attorney's Office says it hasn't decided on whether either mother will be charged.
As it becomes increasingly obvious, I'm starting to think White-Wolf has more interest in roping their lapsed Masquerade fans back into the fold than in making Requiem a complete gameline. The writing is certainly on the walls. Their upcoming MMO (assuming it doesn't remain in a permanent state of vapor-ware) is based on the older Masquerade license; they've recently released the 20th anniversary edition book of Vampire: the Masquerade, and they are starting (restarting?) a game line called ‘Onyx Path', which is previously unreleased Old World o f Darkness material. No, no, that doesn't prove anything. Yes, I'm doomsaying, which everyone has been doing since the White-Wolf slipped over to an exclusive PoD/PDF sales model. But the resulting internet buzz got me to thinking.
See, all I keep hearing is all this weird nostalgic stuff about Masquerade, because you know, people are thinking back on the line and what they liked about it. What comes along with that are criticisms – direct and indirect – of Requiem. And I wanted to address that. So in no particular order, here are some of my defenses of what I consider to be the best horror game out there:
1.) “I've always felt like Requiem is too dry. Masquerade had a much more engaging backstory.”
This is the most polite way I have heard, to comment on WW's decision to include no metaplot in Requiem. I have always felt – still feel – that Masquerade was as much a comic book as it was an RPG. Each book progressed the story. There were people, many people, who were more interested in that story than in game, ferreting around in the books in an attempt to put together some grand riddle, like it's an ARG or something. I think that Requiem, being a toolbox game, was always supposed to approach Masquerade in terms of its rich plot – but only with the help of individual Storytellers, not from the gameline. Here's what I mean. In Masquerade, you knew each sect's territory, had at least two dozen NPCs perfectly capable of handling every threat the PCs would ever care to tackle themselves. You had the vampire origin question more or less settled, an end of the world scenario, vast-world-wide conspiracies, and milennia old mysteries.
Why can't Requiem do that?
Simple answer: It can. That's the thing. Most STs don't do the work required to build a universe around their game, but all the tools are there to decide on your own vampire origin story, what world-wide conspiracies are happening, and so forth. Requiem was always intended to be more flexible, and allow each ST to custom-build their own setting, with very little in the way of assumed constants in that setting. One ST builds a global game. One ST builds a local game. One ST decides Judas was the first vampire, and another decides it was Gilgamesh. If the book is dry, it's because it's an instruction book, not a serial novel that also happens to be a game, if you're into that kind of thing.
2.) “I just don't feel very strongly about the clans as they are presented in the core book.”
This one has some validity to it, particularly when you consider that most of this camp is coming from Masquerade. In that game, you almost automatically know what you're getting into just flipping through the book. Gangrel – animalistic types, gut instinct. All Gangrel deal with the animal side of vampirism, full stop, or else they have good reason for being contrary, but either way they interact with the stereotype. If you play a Brujah, you rebel against something. If you play a Malkavian, you're crazy and use crazy to solve mysteries, and so forth. The character archetype is baked right into the Clan, such that flipping through the book is almost like looking at a catalog of personalities. That's not to say everyone played a Toreador the same way (although, there are plenty of you out there), but rather that it was easy for a new player to pick a character off a page, make that character, and immediately know how to play her and what her goals are.
In contrast, Clans in Requiem have never represented that. They don't really represent how to play or what kind of personality you might have or what your goals are. Clans in Requiem are a unique, mystical expression of the Curse, and much more closely model what tools a character has available. Mekhet are sneaky, but not because they are the “sneaky clan” (see: Assamites), but rather, because their tools (Obfuscate, Auspex) are good at gathering information and maintaining concealment. There is so much wiggle room within that context that there is almost no guideline whatsoever as to what to do. And moreover, there is no Mekhet Clan structure (at least, by default) to tell you what to do or what your personality is like. Covenants go some of the way towards resolving this, but Covenants only tell you what your ideology looks like, not what your personality is like. If you're a Mekhet Sanctified, it means you're a believer (probably) and you have access to information gathering powers. It doesn't immediately tell you as much as say, playing a Malkavian might.
This means the whole game was just less accessible to new players; less accessible means less impressive formative experiences, and that means poor comparisons for people who played both. I found the freedom of Requiem incredibly refreshing; I liked being able to make a personality first and pick a Clan second, which was sort of rare in Masquerade. Anecdotal stories about Tremere or Ventrue chastised, OOC and IC, for “playing their Clan wrong” is about all I need to hear to know that distinction exists. A number of times, I would see new players flip through the book and stare at the Clans for an hour or more and still not feel immediately drawn to any of them, largely because Requiem asks you to do a lot of work with regards to coming up with your own goals and personality first. Character concepts that, in Masquerade, would immediately fit one Clan very naturally (“I want to play a Crazy Seer”, for instance, or “I want to play a Rich Businessman”) could fit 2, 3, or even all 5 in Requiem, which further muddied the waters.
3.) “Vampires are weaker in Requiem/Elders are weaker in Requiem.”
This one I can't argue with, because mechanically there's no question about it. Vampires are closer to mortals in Requiem than they are in Masquerade. It's an objective fact. The trick is, I don't especially care. Vampire to me has never been a game about self-empowerment. Vampires are not magicians, or superheroes, by default. They are mortals, changed, given a shot at eternal life and faced with the difficulty of survival and moral despair. Their perks – Disciplines, inherent benefits, etc – should operate to help reinforce those ideas, and give them the ability to enact some degree of change in the world. I do not consider it a failing that a modestly well statted mortal can kill a starting vampire with a baseball bat under the correct circumstances.
See, Vampires are supposed to be secretive and manipulative, and that's not something I ever felt Masquerade really encouraged. If some 7th generation Prince has all his Disciplines at 5 and such, there's really no reason for him to rule from the shadows, particularly if there aren't any other 7th generation vampires in town. Sure, if the whole city decides to kill him, they might be able to, but let's not kid ourselves – this guy can probably kill a couple of starting characters without a second thought. Why on Earth would he ever need such characters? It's immediately deprotagonizing. Vampires in Requiem, particularly Elders, survive by making friends, because while they are personally more powerful than most given individual neonates, they aren't stronger than all of them. Further, there are probably a dozen things a Requiem Elder can't do himself, unlike the Masquerade Elder, who can do just about anything. Making an Elder vampire “unbetable” in Requiem takes thousands of experiences. Considering the chart for giving XP to advanced characters stops at around 400, that seems untenable.
Vulnerable Elders – indeed, vulnerable vampires – help enforce the theme of political distrust. Vampires don't trust each other, but they have to make friends to survive. No one of them is personally powerful enough, physically, to survive in a vacuum. I like that, I find it to be incredibly interesting. 9 levels up of untouchable NPCs who are both more interesting and more powerful than the PCs? Not so much.
To conclude: I know full well White Wolf probably isn't closing the door on Requiem, and I hope that they do something great with the license. And I mean, I like Masquerade! I think it has some great perks, I played the game for years. But I love Requiem; I really feel it is a superior game for writing compelling stories about vampires. If I want to read a great story about vampires, or if I want to play in a game where the power scale trends towards the apocalyptic, or if I want to ease players into a game where they might not immediately know what they want to play, maybe Masquerade is a better choice. To me, Requiem is just perfect, and I guess even if the line were to end tomorrow, I would feel like the collection I have is pretty comprehensive. I only wish more die-hards had given it an honest shot, instead of reading through it in PDF or at the gamestore and thinking, “There's no plot in this! I'm uninterested!” That's never been the point. We make our own worlds, our own stories, our own grand mysteries, vampire origins, and our own end of the world, sometimes.
Tell me what you think in the comments!
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Posted in Uncategorized
Me and my girl A photo posted by Isaiah Jack Frankel (@isaiah_frankel) on Nov 23, 2016 at 1:02pm PST
It's business as usual for Hillary Clinton, at least according to the owner of Chappaqua Village Market, where she was spotted preparing for Thanksgiving on Wednesday.
Vinny Milazzo told POPSUGAR that the Clintons have been regulars at his store since 1998, as they live in Chappaqua, NY, and that Thanksgiving is by far the biggest holiday for the family. Other store patrons like Isaiah Frankel of New York City took selfies with the former presidential candidate and posted them to Instagram.
Both Frankel and Milazzo said Clinton was in good spirits and surrounded by supporters, which Milazzo estimated to be hundreds, expressing their admiration and asking for photographs. Clinton was joined by husband Bill, daughter Chelsea, and Chelsea's son, Aidan, at the store, according to Milazzo.
ADVERTISEMENT
Frankel said his conversation with Clinton was brief, but she remained positive. "She said we just have to keep fighting."
Fr Peter McVerry has said that the homelessness situation in Ireland is now “beyond a crisis”.
His comments come following reports that seven people have died sleeping rough in less than three months.
This week, a middle-aged man was found unresponsive in a tent in school grounds in Ranelagh in south Dublin - and another, believed to be from Lithuania, succumbed outside the Four Courts.
The man outside the courthouse was aged in his late 30s and reportedly may have died due to a drug overdose, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said.
The Ranelagh victim had previously been offered shelter.
Fr McVerry warned that the crisis could deteriorate further.
“House repossessions are increasing, rents are continuing to rise at an alarming rate, and Brexit will see many employees relocating to Ireland and looking for somewhere to live,” he said.
Speaking at a symposium on housing, “Housing in Ireland: Philosophy, Policies and Results”, held in Trinity College Dublin, Fr McVerry said the number of people in emergency accommodation has doubled since January 2015.
"The numbers have increased every month since July 2016, when the Government published Rebuilding Ireland, its Action Plan on Housing. In October 2017, there were almost 2,000 more people in emergency accommodation than in July 2016, with the number of children going up by almost 850,” he said.
He said the Government is "unable or unwilling" to acknowledge that 'Rebuilding Ireland' is not working.
The homelessness campaigner called on the Taoiseach to declare housing emergency.
"He needs to bring all the relevant parties around a table, reach consensus on a new plan, and then demand that everyone works from that plan, as a priority,” Fr McVerry said.
Trinity College Economics Professor P.J. Drudy said Ireland has "tolerated a dysfunctional housing system for far too long, with unwarranted reliance on the private sector to meet an essential need.”
He said private developers built 75,400 houses in 2005, in locations where the houses were not needed.
“Last year they built only a fraction of the 30,000 to 35,000 houses it is estimated Ireland now requires. Indeed, the official figure of 14,400 new houses in 2016 is reckoned by several commentators to be an over-estimate,” Prof. Drudy said.
He claimed private property developers are now failing to provide affordable homes.
“Most [private property developers] view homes as ‘commodities' to be bought and sold like any other commodity – simply a means of making money. Some are now hoarding land and drip-feeding small numbers of executive-type homes onto the market to maintain high prices.”
He said this has led a sharp increase in the cost of housing, with new private house and apartment prices are now well above their peak in 2007.
Prof. Drury said overall house prices in Dublin have increased by 87% in the last four years.
“Private landlords are also charging unaffordable rents. This is a housing bubble!” he said.
He said the Government must provide resources to build at least 10,000 homes annually for househoulds on the waiting list, as well as a further 10,000 'cost-rental' and self-financing homes for those ineligible for social housing.
Dr Sinéad Kelly, Department of Geography, Maynooth University, highlighted the impact on housing of the adoption of neo-liberal policies.
She noted that the neo-liberal drive towards market provision in an increasing number of areas, including housing, is accompanied by a reduction in state spending, and a withdrawal of public provision in favour of privatisation and outsourcing.
"In Ireland, the move towards treating housing as a commodity and a financial asset has been actively supported by State policies, including, for example, capital gains tax measures favourable to investors, the approach adopted by NAMA, and the treatment of real estate investment trusts (REITs),” she said.
It's a rite of late summer: When Rex Ryan starts making bombastic statements, we know that training camp is right around the corner. He's the NFL equivalent of Punxsutawney Phil.
Rex has learned not to make Super Bowl promises anymore, but he still has plenty of self-belief in his skills as a coach.
"Do I think that I'm a great coach? I absolutely know I'm a great coach," Ryan told Manish Mehta of the New York Daily News. "But it's not just about me. What makes a great coach is the people that surround you, the people that are with you every day."
After a relatively quiet offseason, it's almost like Rex decided his team needed to hear some "old Rex" to get fired up before camp.
"Somebody asked me if we focus on New England. Bull----," Ryan told the New York Post. "We're focused on us. We're focused on us and how are we going to be better. I have to be honest, I don't worry about them. They need to worry about us. I think that's really where we're at now."
Ryan did one of his best jobs in New York by scraping out eight wins last year. He's said publicly that winning eight games again would be a disappointment, but, with huge questions at cornerback and the same old questions on offense, eight wins is no guarantee.
"You know what? I'm not as good in certain areas," Ryan admitted to the Daily News. "I get it. No question, I get it. Are there better offensive coaches than me? Yeah."
Ryan's biggest problem this year: expectations. His roster is flawed, but he probably needs to show progress in the standings to keep his job.
That's life with Rex in New York -- and in much of the NFL. Even the great coaches are year-to-year.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" broke out a monster team-by-team AFC training camp preview.
Monday night, Indiana University officials took down a residence hall bulletin board that read, “Can Santa Claus be a black man?”
The large bulletin board, with depictions of a black Santa Claus and stockings, hung near the entrance of Foster Quad, an undergraduate residence hall.
IU Spokesperson Mark Land says staff and students from IU's CommUNITY Education Program hoped the board would provoke discussion about racial stereotyping. He says while good intentions fostered the project's creation, its execution missed the mark.
“If you didn't know any of the context—you just saw the bulletin board—it looked like someone had created a poster that had very negative stereotypes about African Americans,” he says.
Other questions on the bulletin bord included, “If Santa Claus is a black man, wouldn't he only visit the ghetto?” and “Did you ever play with a black Barbie doll?” with white space left for students to comment.
After several students approached staff members about the board, IU officials removed it.
A series of Tweets from the school's Twitter account Monday explained:
This incident has generated a lot of discussion on important issues. Thank you to everyone who shared their concerns with us. (3/3) — Indiana University (@IUBloomington) December 3, 2013
The sign is being removed. The intention was to educate, not offend, but we recognize the problem and apologize to everyone effected. (2/3) — Indiana University (@IUBloomington) December 3, 2013
Regarding a controversial bulletin board at Foster Quad: There was a misguided effort to generate discussion about racial stereotypes. (1/3) — Indiana University (@IUBloomington) December 3, 2013
Land says the initiative behind the board targets sensitive themes like race and sexual identity, and that the program has been successful at encouraging positive discussion thus far.
The group plans to meet with students and staff later this week to discuss the display. Foster Quad staff declined to comment for this story.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher believes that highly rated Anfield Under-16 coach Pepijn Linders will be the man to step up and work with the Reds first team next season.
Carragher tweeted: “It looks like they've promoted Pepijn Linders from the U16s to work with the first team.
“He is someone I've seen work at the academy and spoken to three or four times over the last 12 months there's no doubt he's a very good coach. He's got experience from Porto and PSV in the last few years.
“Watching him coach it was clear he would progress in the game he had an authority when coaching the youngsters that hopefully he can take to Melwood.
“If true it's a fantastic opportunity for Pepijn and let's hope he can make a difference.”
Liverpool declined to comment.
First team coaches Mike Marsh and Colin Pascoe both left the club two weeks ago.
The 32-year-old Dutchman is a multi-linguist who quotes Einstein and has one of the strongest reputations in the world of youth development.
He began his career as an intern at PSV Eindhoven in his native Holland where he coached a young Memphis Depay and eventually spent five years with the Dutch giants.
He was poached by Porto and enjoyed seven seasons in Portugal coaching at all levels from Under six to the first team squad.
His views on development, education and commitment to attacking football established Lijnders as one of the most promising youth coaches in the world and his recruitment in the summer of 2014 was seen as a huge coup for Liverpool.
PEPIJN LINDERS QUOTES (From Das Wunderkind)
“Our style is to attack, with and without the ball. We realise that the game is played with one ball, our ball, and we steal it back wherever on the pitch and we use it to attack the opponent. It doesn't matter who we play against, we will press them high and aggressively and we will attack and attack them again.”
“Learning is 10 times more valuable than teaching. We need to create independent individuals, who understand by learning, give them chances and freedom within a clear game idea to excel.”
The starting point of development is the passion and ambition of a player. What I've learned over the years is that there is one characteristically decisive factor that decides 99 per cent of development – love for the game. Because if you don't love it, you will never work hard and play enough to become really great.”
“Nobody knows what the future of football will look like; the only thing I'm sure of is that the defensive organisation of teams will be even better. They will protect the middle zone of the pitch better and defend their area better. We need to create players who can ruin this defensive organisation.”
“With one through pass, you can beat 4, 5 or even 6 opponents, effectively taking them out of the game . . . The central defenders become more important in offense, creating opportunities through open play . . . within our team, principally defenders are classed as supporting . . . we always have support from the back.”
“Players should know what happens in front of them, behind them and all around them. The best developed and technically adept players are constantly open, move into space, they know what is going to happen around them. They see everything . . . More space means more time and less opportunity for your opponent to intercept the ball, leaving your opponents chasing you and the ball.”
New Delhi: Northern India, with the potential of about 363 GW of power, can emerge as the hub for renewable energy in the country, said a study released on Friday.
The report titled ‘State Renewable Energy Policies: A Comparative Study' was released by industry lobby Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
It highlighted that southern and western regions of the country are fast moving up the renewable energy installed capacity graph. The study also stressed that the ecosystem of renewable energy in India is still fraught with constraints, particularly with respect to state policies.
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government has set an ambitious target of 175 GW of renewable power target by 2022.
The CII report said that all northern states have come up with sector-specific policies to promote renewable energy. States that are counted in the northern region are Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Delhi and Chandigarh.
“These States have dedicated Solar (power) policies. However, very few States have specific policies for small hydro, except Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Uttarakhand, and for wind only Rajasthan has a specific policy," the report said.
“Even though most of the northern States have come up with their renewable energy policies, it is important to understand and imbibe the best incentives and practices depending on the need of the state/region," it added.
ALSO READ: Modi govt plans to auction 4 gigawatts of wind energy in FY 2017-18
As per the report, the northern region accounts for about 20.49%, which is about 10,247 MW, of the 50,018 MW overall installed capacity of renewable power in India (till 31 December 2016). In comparison, the southern region alone accounts for 43.42% (21,721.42 MW) of India's total installed renewable power and the western region for 33.7% (16,861 MW).
“All 29 states of India are working relentlessly to make this a success and some major milestones have already been achieved. The northern states, in specific, already have and in the future will play a pivotal role in achieving the renewable energy target set out by the government," the study said.
“The potential of northern region in the renewable space is huge with about 363 GW available to be exploited. Amongst the northern States, Rajasthan has the biggest renewable potential at 145,518 MW and the highest potential in both solar and wind capacities at 142, 310 MW and 5,050 MW respectively," it added.
In terms of renewable potential, Rajasthan is followed by Jammu and Kashmir (118,208 MW), Himachal Pradesh (36,446 MW), Uttar Pradesh (27,593 MW), Uttarakhand (19,071 MW), Punjab (6,768 MW), Haryana (6,470 MW), Delhi (2,181 MW) and Chandigarh (6 MW).
It further emphasised that northern India also has a good potential for small hydro projects with Himachal Pradesh having the second highest small hydro potential in the country after Karnataka.
Rose Polge's boyfriend tells inquest she was struggling with self-doubt and wanted to quit profession as family raises concerns over pressures on doctors
A junior doctor who killed herself suffered from acute self-doubt and was anxious about remaining in the medical profession, an inquest has heard.
The family of Rose Polge, 25, paid tribute after the hearing to a conscientious and dedicated young doctor and raised concerns about the pressures on junior doctors.
The inquest in Torquay was told that, on the morning of the day she disappeared, Polge had asked her boyfriend of nearly five years, fellow doctor Alasdair Hawley, whether he would still love her if she left medicine.
Hawley said: “I know she was struggling at work with perceived self-doubts. But feedback was that she was progressing well and was actually very capable.”
The night before her disappearance, Polge talked about quitting medicine and was unable to sleep, walking on the beach instead, Hawley said.
Polge left work at Torbay hospital, Devon, mid-way through a shift in February after having dark thoughts, Hawley said. She agreed to visit a doctor and go to Cambridge to spend time with her parents.
The inquest heard that Hawley left work early after becoming concerned about Polge's welfare but by the time he got home at 4pm she had vanished. He called the police after he found her web history showing that she had visited suicide sites. She left a note in her home and another in the glove box of her car, which was found near Anstey's Cove in Devon.
Her body was discovered in Portland Bay in April. The coroner, Ian Arrow, recorded a verdict of suicide and paid tribute to a “very highly regarded” doctor.
Following the hearing, Polge's aunt read a statement on behalf of the family, describing her as “a lively and lovely person who brought light into a room wherever she went.
“She was also a conscientious and dedicated young doctor, described by her colleagues as one of the best they had worked with.”
But the statement also raised concerns about the long hours and heavy workloads experienced by many doctors, adding: “Doctors can feel a dreadful sense of personal failure and inadequacy if they struggle to keep working. Sometimes, the despair can be sudden and overwhelming.”
The family highlighted concerns raised about junior doctors by a recent General Medical Council training survey, which warned of a “crisis in morale”, and added: “Our hope is something will be done about this crisis in the health service soon.”
In the UK, the Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123. In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is 1-800-273-8255. In Australia, the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14. Hotlines in other countries can be found here.
Patriot Ordnance Factory (POF-USA) have just announced a new bolt action AR-15 platform called the ReVolt, which they humorously say is legal in all 13 original Colonies.
The rear charging handle is replaced with an easy to operate ambidextrous straight-pull bolt. To keep it absolutely legal, the front pivot pin is replaced with a capture pin allowing the upper and lower to open up, but not be taken apart. I suspect there are slight dimension differences as well preventing the lower being used with a standard automatic AR-15 upper. I am not sure this is strictly necessary to be legal but POF are making sure no overzealous politicians will accuse them of circumventing the state law by selling AR-15s.
The bolt handle doubles as a scope ring tool, which is a nifty gimmick.
The rifle will be available in a light configuration (.223/5.56) and a heavy configuration (.308/7.62). POF did not tell us pricing. The press release is below …
Back in October, with Notre Dame off to a 2-5 start to the season, the school's athletic director Jack Swarbrick gave coach Brian Kelly a vote of confidence, clearly stating Kelly would return in 2017. Now it seems as though Swarbrick could use somebody to stand up for him.
That's because a group of Notre Dame alumni took out a full page ad in Wednesday's issue of the student newspaper calling for Swarbrick's dismissal.
The Observer
The ad points out both the failures on the field and off it during Swarbrick's tenure. Everything from this year's 4-8 record to the recently vacated victories, as well as arrests.
The ad describes Swarbrick's tenure as Notre Dame's athletic director as "unremarkable" and claims their level of faith in Brian Kelly is "zero. None."
The group also plans to purchase another full-page ad in an unnamed paper that will be released on Sunday.
So, you know, things are going well in South Bend.
EXCLUSIVE: After wrapping their first film Much Ado About Nothing, Joss Whedon and Kai Cole's micro-studio Bellwether Pictures has set a follow-up. It's the supernatural romance In Your Eyes. Whedon wrote the script and Brin Hill will direct. Cole will produce with Night & Day Pictures' Michael Roiff. Whedon will be executive producer and David Rothenberg will be co-producer. Whedon, who just wrapped Marvel's The Avengers, also directed Much Ado About Nothing and shot it in secret before officially launching Bellwether last week.
In Your Eyes is a metaphysical love story about two seemingly polar opposites who are deeply connected in ways neither could have ever imagined. “When I wrote In Your Eyes, I didn't have the wherewithal (or the moxie) to make it without an established production house,” Whedon wrote in a statement. “I believe, as I did then, that it's a pretty timeless romance, and now, with the creation of Bellwether Pictures (and Brin Hill's elegant, passionate take on the piece), I have the opportunity to prove it. (I also have a 37% increase in moxie.) I love this team and I can't wait to see them bring In Your Eyes to life.”
Roiff produced Hill's first film, Ball Don't Lie, as well as the Adrienne Shelly-directed Waitress and just wrapped Save The Date. “Pairing Joss' fantastic script with Brin's vision as a filmmaker will make for a truly special film,” Roiff said. Hill also wrote the scripts Learning To Fly for Walden Media and Battle Of The Year for Screen Gems. The film's fully financed and will shoot in February. Whedon's repped by CAA, Hill by WME and The Collective.
Click to turn size up to 11.
Take a good look at the headline of the above page of yesterday's Washington Post music section, and in the caption underneath the photo. Now take a look at the name on headstock of the guitar pictured. (Click to enlarge photo if necessary.) Note that they don't match. While he might get blamed for it, the error very likely isn't the author's fault. Presumably, he turned in his article, an editor or his assistant went through the Post's photo morgue to find photos of one of the superstar guitarists mentioned, recognized Jeff Beck's name, and pasted in a recent image.
Glenn Reynolds emailed me the above photo, which was sent to him by one of his readers, who noted in his email to Glenn:
I'm sure they rushed to correct this online, but Today's Washington Post print edition remains forever. Seriously, if your gonna run an article on the Fender Stratocaster Jeff Beck is about as grand a Strat playing guitar god to showcase in a photo as you could find. And of course, that would be pretty easy to do. If you couldn't, it would be nice if they at least had him playing a Fender. But a Gibson hollow body ?!?!?!?
Hey, don't knock 'em -- those Gibson hollow body Stratocasters are awesome guitars, and they fit very easily into the limited trunk space of a Chevrolet Mustang. And who can forget Eric Hendrix playing the Star-Spangled 'Tis of Thee on one at Woodmont?
More seriously, the late Michael Crichton coined the phrase “the Gell-Mann Amnesia Effect” to describe what the MSM seems to instill into just about all of us:
Media carries with it a credibility that is totally undeserved. You have all experienced this, in what I call the Murray Gell-Mann Amnesia effect. (I call it by this name because I once discussed it with Murray Gell-Mann, and by dropping a famous name I imply greater importance to myself, and to the effect, than it would otherwise have.) Briefly stated, the Gell-Mann Amnesia effect is as follows. You open the newspaper to an article on some subject you know well. In Murray's case, physics. In mine, show business. You read the article and see the journalist has absolutely no understanding of either the facts or the issues. Often, the article is so wrong it actually presents the story backward—reversing cause and effect. I call these the “wet streets cause rain” stories. Paper's full of them. In any case, you read with exasperation or amusement the multiple errors in a story, and then turn the page to national or international affairs, and read as if the rest of the newspaper was somehow more accurate about Palestine than the baloney you just read. You turn the page, and forget what you know.
Admittedly, as someone who -- humblebrag alert! -- has interviewed the late Les Paul and written for Vintage Guitar and Guitar World magazine, I'm more sensitive than many readers to when the MSM gets music facts wrong, but the above error is simply basic incompetence, which judging by the number of Chyron errors popping up on the news in recent years, appears to increasing exponentially. But that's also on top of the MSM getting caught outright lying (and increasingly journalists are admitting publicly that they're OK with that, too), and looking down with disdain upon their audiences.
And yet, they pretend to wonder why nobody trusts them:
An important study released today concludes that the presence of cattle in important sage grouse habitats increases the number of ravens that prey on sage grouse and their nests by 45.8% in the Curlew Valley of southeast Idaho. The study found that anthropogenic subsidies were increased in areas where livestock grazing occurred and raven populations increased as a result. The increased numbers of ravens selected areas close to active sage grouse leks (breeding areas) which are correlated to areas where sage grouse choose their nests.
Anthropogenic subsidies from livestock grazing can include carcasses of cattle, feed grain, dung, insects in dung, water from livestock water troughs, perching structures that make it easier for ravens to see their prey, and nesting structures.
Previous studies have shown that, areas where grazing reduces grass and forb cover which are important for nesting and brood rearing cover, the ability of ravens and other predators to locate nests and chicks increases. Raven populations have also been implicated in the reduction of reproductive success of sage grouse. Cattle can also disturb sage grouse nests and flush the hens letting the ever observant ravens locate nests. Previous studies on sage grouse predation have documented ravens as one of the most frequent predators to sage grouse nests. These studies also documented that cattle actually eat sage grouse eggs right from the nest.
The paper suggests that limiting anthropogenic subsidies and segregating livestock from sage grouse breeding areas is likely to reduce raven predation of sage grouse eggs.
Here is the USGS press release: Cattle Increase Occurrence of Ravens That Prey on Sage Grouse (3/2/2016 10:00:00 AM)
References
Coates P. S., B. E. Brussee, K. B. Howe, K. B. Gustafson, M. L. Casazza, and D. J. Delehanty. 2016. Landscape characteristics and livestock presence influence common ravens: relevance to greater sage-grouse conservation. Ecosphere 7(2):e01203. 10.1002/ecs2.1203
Coates, Peter S., and David J. Delehanty. “Nest Predation of Greater Sage‐Grouse in Relation to Microhabitat Factors and Predators.” The Journal of Wildlife Management 74.2 (2010): 240-248.
Coates, Peter S., John W. Connelly, and David J. Delehanty. “Predators of Greater Sage‐Grouse nests identified by video monitoring.” Journal of Field Ornithology 79.4 (2008): 421-428.
More Business Leaders Leave Trump's Manufacturing Council
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
Updated at 1 p.m. ET Aug. 16
More business leaders have added their names to the growing list of executives who have resigned from President Trump's manufacturing council, as members from Campbell Soup and 3M stepped down Wednesday.
3M President and CEO Inge Thulin said the decision to leave the group followed reflection on the values of "sustainability, diversity and inclusion."
Campbell Soup CEO Denise Morrison stated, "Racism and murder are unequivocally reprehensible and are not morally equivalent to anything else that happened in Charlottesville" — referring to Trump's much criticized response to the white supremacist rally that resulted in the death of a counterprotester over the weekend.
The moves came one day after the resignations of Scott Paul, the president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing; Richard Trumka, the president of the AFL-CIO; and Thea Lee, the AFL-CIO's deputy chief of staff.
"I'm resigning from the Manufacturing Jobs Initiative because it's the right thing for me to do," Paul wrote in a tweet Tuesday morning.
Even before Paul posted about his resignation on Twitter, the president beat him to the tweet, writing some 15 minutes earlier, "For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!"
On Tuesday afternoon, speaking about the violence in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend, Trump appeared to backtrack on his critical comments a day earlier about the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists. He said he believes "there's blame on both sides."
Shortly after, Trumka specifically cited Trump's comments in a statement saying that he and Lee "cannot sit on a council for a President who tolerates bigotry and domestic terrorism" and they "must resign on behalf of America's working people, who reject all notion of legitimacy of these bigoted groups."
By departing, Paul, Trumka and Lee follow in the footsteps of three CEOs — Merck's Kenneth Frazier, Under Armour's Kevin Plank and Intel's Brian Krzanich — who resigned from the council on Monday following the president's heavily criticized handling of the deadly violence that erupted at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend.
Frazier said in announcing his decision, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
Of his departure, Trump replied, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
The council was formed back in January, when Trump launched the Manufacturing Jobs Initiative as part of his effort to create American jobs. At the time, the White House said the president would be "meeting with some of the world's most successful and creative business leaders to share their experiences and gain their insights."
Tesla founder Elon Musk left the manufacturing council and another presidential advisory group in June, citing his disagreement with Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord.
Here is the list of 28 business leaders the White House said were named to the council on Jan. 27 — we've used dashes to highlight the executives who have resigned:
Andrew Liveris, The Dow Chemical Co.
Bill Brown, Harris Corp.
Michael Dell, Dell Technologies
John Ferriola, Nucor Corp.
Jeff Fettig, Whirlpool Corp.
Mark Fields, Ford Motor Co. (now retired)
-- Kenneth Frazier, Merck & Co. Inc.
Alex Gorsky, Johnson & Johnson
Greg Hayes, United Technologies Corp.
Marillyn Hewson, Lockheed Martin Corp.
Jeff Immelt, General Electric
Jim Kamsickas, Dana Inc.
Klaus Kleinfeld, Arconic (now retired)
-- Brian Krzanich, Intel Corp.
Rich Kyle, The Timken Co.
--Thea Lee, AFL-CIO
Mario Longhi, U.S. Steel (now retired)
-- Denise Morrison, Campbell Soup Co.
Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing
-- Elon Musk, Tesla
Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar (now retired)
-- Scott Paul, Alliance for American Manufacturing
-- Kevin Plank, Under Armour
Michael Polk, Newell Brands
Mark Sutton, International Paper
-- Inge Thulin, 3M
-- Richard Trumka, AFL-CIO
Wendell Weeks, Corning
The London School of Economics and Political Science has released a new policy brief urging the UK Government to look beyond the lobbying efforts of the entertainment industry when it comes to future copyright policy. According to the report there is ample evidence that file-sharing is helping, rather than hurting the creative industries. The scholars call on the Government to look at more objective data when deciding on future copyright enforcement policies.
Over the past years there have been ample research reports showing that file-sharing can have positive effects on the entertainment industries.
Industry lobbyists are often quick to dismiss these findings as incidents or weak research, and counter them with expensive studies they have commissioned themselves.
The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) jumps into the discussion this week with a media policy brief urging the UK Government to look beyond the reports lobbyists hand to them. Their report concludes that the entertainment industry isn't devastated by piracy, and that sharing of culture has several benefits.
“Contrary to the industry claims, the music industry is not in terminal decline, but still holding ground and showing healthy profits. Revenues from digital sales, subscription services, streaming and live performances compensate for the decline in revenues from the sale of CDs or records,” says Bart Cammaerts, LSE Senior Lecturer and one of the report's authors.
The report shows that the entertainment industries are actually doing quite well. The digital gaming industry is thriving, the publishing sector is stable, and the U.S. film industry is breaking record after record.
“Despite the Motion Picture Association of America's (MPAA) claim that online piracy is devastating the movie industry, Hollywood achieved record-breaking global box office revenues of $35 billion in 2012, a 6% increase over 2011,” the report reads.
Even the music industry is doing relatively well. Revenue from concerts, publishing and digital sales has increased significantly since the early 2000s and while recorded music revenues show a decline, there is little evidence that piracy is the lead cause.
“The music industry may be stagnating, but the drastic decline in revenues warned of by the lobby associations of record labels is not in evidence,” the report concludes.
Music industry revenue
The authors further argue that file-sharing can actually benefit the creative industries in various ways.
The report mentions the success of the SoundCloud service where artists can share their work for free through Creative Commons licenses, the promotional effect of YouTube where copyrighted songs are shared to promote sales, and the fact that research shows that file-sharers actually spend more money on entertainment than those who don't share.
“Within the creative industries there is a variety of views on the best way to benefit from online sharing practices, and how to innovate to generate revenue streams in ways that do not fit within the existing copyright enforcement regime,” the authors write.
Finally, the report shows that punitive enforcement strategies such as the three strikes law in France are not as effective as the entertainment industries claim.
The researchers hope that the U.K. Government will review the Digital Economy Act in this light, and make sure that it will take into account the interests of both the public and copyright holders.
This means expanding fair use and private copying exceptions for citizens, while targeting enforcement on businesses rather than individuals.
“We recommend a review of the DEA and related legislation that strikes a healthy balance among the interests of a range of stakeholders including those in the creative industries, Internet Service Providers and internet users.”
“When both [the creative industries and citizens] can exploit the full potential of the internet, this will maximize innovative content creation for the benefit of all stakeholders,” the authors write.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin reportedly have forged a "suicide pact" in which all three members of President Trump's Cabinet would leave if one of them becomes a target of the president.
[Trump fires Rex Tillerson, will nominate Mike Pompeo to replace him]
News of the agreement surfaced amid renewed questions about Tillerson's future in the administration.
The secretary of state has frequently clashed with Trump, and NBC News reported Wednesday that Tillerson threatened to resign in July after the president's controversial speech to the Boy Scouts.
Tillerson, who served as national president of the Boy Scouts from 2010 to 2012, was said to be upset with Trump's speech, which many criticized as too political. After the address, the secretary of state reportedly threatened not to return to Washington from his son's wedding in Texas, but Mattis and then-Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly talked him out of it. Kelly is now White House chief of staff.
A U.S. official told BuzzFeed that Tillerson would likely remain in the administration because of his agreement with Mnuchin and Mattis.
Tillerson sought to quiet any rumors about an impending resignation Wednesday morning, saying he has never considered leaving his post.
Susan Rice admitted to lawmakers last week that she unmasked Trump transition team officials even though earlier this year she denied knowing anything about it.
Rice was asked by PBS Newshour‘s Judy Woodruff on March 22 about allegations that Trump transition officials were swept up in surveillance of foreigners at the end of the Obama administration.
“I know nothing about this,” Rice had said at the time.
However, last week, she told the House intelligence committee that she had unmasked Trump transition team members in order to understand why the Emrati crown prince was visiting New York late last year, according to a CNN report.
She said the Obama administration “felt misled” by the United Arab Emirates, who had not mentioned that the crown prince was visiting the country.
Rice's admission also showed that Trump transition team members were indeed caught up in surveillance of a foreign target, confirming President Trump's suspicions that his transition team was being surveilled.
The foreign target in this case was apparently the Emiratis, who call themselves “close friends and strong allies” with the U.S. on its Washington, D.C., website.
Rice's justification—feeling misled—was nowhere near a hypothetical scenario Rice laid out for a reason to unmask during an MSNBC interview on April 4.
During that April interview, Rice laid out a hypothetical scenario of a foreign agent attempting to buy bomb-making materials from a U.S. citizen.
“Is this some kook sitting in his living room communicating via the internet, offering to sell something he doesn't have? Or is it a serious person or company or entity with the ability to provide that technology perhaps to an adversary? That would be an example of a case where knowing who the U.S. person was, was necessary to assess the information,” Rice said.
An unnamed senior Middle East official told CNN that the UAE did not “mislead” the Obama administration about the crown prince's visit, but acknowledged not telling the US government about it in advance.
The official told CNN the meeting took place on December 15, and was “simply an effort to build a relationship with senior members of the Trump team who would be working in the administration to share assessments of the region.”
“The meeting was about ascertaining the Trump team's view of the region and sharing the UAE's view of the region and what the US role should be,” the official told CNN. “No one was coming in to sell anything or arrange anything.”
Sources told CNN that the crown prince, Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, met with several top Trump officials including Michael Flynn, the president's son-in-law Jared Kushner, and his top strategist Steve Bannon.
CNN noted that the meeting took place before an effort by the UAE to faciliate a “back-channel communication” between Russia and the incoming administration.
Sources told CNN that the discussion focused on a range of issues, including Iran, Yemen and the Mideast peace process, but that opening up a back-channel with Russia was not discussed.
The alleged back-channel meeting set up by the UAE was at the Seychelles Island between Erik Prince, the founder of Blackwater, whose sister is Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, and an “associate of Vladimir Putin.”
The purpose of the meeting was reportedly an effort by the UAE to persuade Russia to curtail its relationship with Iran.
The senior Middle East official told CNN that Prince was not discussed at the Trump Tower meeting, and Prince has said himself he was there for business.
Rep. Tom Rooney (R-FL) told CNN that he did not hear anything to believe that Rice did anything “illegal.”
Unmasking is not illegal, although leaking unmasked names are illegal. Intelligence involving Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn was leaked to the Washington Post earlier this year, and it is not yet publicly known who leaked it.
Outrage as Facebook changes its privacy rules AGAIN to share users' phone numbers and home addresses with third party companies
Facebook is going full steam ahead with their controversial plan to allow third party developers access to users' home addresses and mobile phone numbers.
This comes despite the fact the plans were shelved last month due to so much criticism and concerns over violation of privacy.
The potential consequences of such a move also attracted attention from Congressmen Edward Markey and Joe Barton, as well as privacy experts and users.
Controversial: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg talks about the social network site's new privacy settings in Palo Alto, California
External websites and third-party developers will be able to access the information via the permissions menu to which users must agree before installing an app.
Facebook quietly announced the plans in a note posted to its Developer Blog in January, but it suspended it only three days later due to user outcry with a promise it would 're-enable an improved feature in the next few weeks'.
In response to a letter penned by Markey and Barton expressing concern over the new functionality, Facebook reaffirmed that it will be allowing third parties to request access to users' addresses and phone numbers but said they will make it more obvious that information will be shared.
They also revealed that they are 'actively considering' whether to restrict users under 18 years old from sharing their contact information with third parties.
Congressmen: Republican Barton, left, and Democrat Markey, sent a joint letter to Facebook condemning the new settings and asking for more stringent measures
In the letter to Markey and Barton, Facebook's Marne Levine said: 'We expect that, once the feature is re-enabled, Facebook will again permit users to authorize applications to obtain their contact information.
'However, we are currently evaluating methods to further enhance user control in this area.'
In the letter from Levine, which was released today, she said Facebook decided to suspend the program due to 'some initial user feedback'.
After reviewing the feedback, they determined that 'we might be able to increase the visibility of these categories of data in the permissions screen, and we decided to suspend the feature pending that review'.
Protection: Facebook said they are considering restricting the new plans to users over 18 years of age
Mr Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat, said he is 'pleased that Facebook's response indicated that it's looking to enhance its process for highlighting for users when they are being asked for permission to share their contact information'.
He encouraged Facebook to 'wall off access to teen's contact information if they enable this new feature'.
Facebook is open to anyone aged 13 and over.
Barton, a Texas Republican, said that 'people enjoy the games and applications that Facebook offers, but taking advantage of them shouldn't jeopardize a user's privacy.
'Facebook has a responsibility to their customers not just the third party vendors it associates with. I hope they continue to improve protection of users' private information.'
Privacy experts warn that the access of such information could vastly increase the risk of being targeted by scams, spam and identity thieves.
Professor at the Carnegie Mellon School of Computer Science Norman Sadeh-Koniecpol told the Huffington Post: 'Scammers might be able to impersonate you if they had your phone number.
'They're saying, "Please give us your phone number", but they're not telling you whether they'll share it or whether they'll sell it or use if for malicious purposes. In fact, you don't know who you're dealing with.'
Concerns have also been raised as to how many times Facebook has changed the rules since it was set up.
First they encouraged people to share personal information with a more limited group of friends, now they are allowing that data to be accessed in new, unexpected ways.
Mary Hodder, chairman of the Personal Data Ecosystem Consortium, said: 'People never thought when they were posting this data that it would be accessible to anyone but friends.
Privacy settings: Even if you have set your page up in the 'Friends Only' option, third parties will be able to access your information when you download new apps
'There's a real mismatch of expectations around that. Even if Facebook comes back with new protections, they're still saying, "Hey, get over it, your data is public".
'I feel sad for users that Facebook's approach is "You give us anything and it's all fair game".'
Users are outraged that Facebook is once again taking liberties over their personal information and have voiced their concerns on internet forums.
Ktrose 777 said: 'Facebook this is unethical, please stop now.'
Wendy Weise said: 'This is wrong on so many levels. I don't want phone calls from spammers, scammers and solicitors­.
'One of the beauties of no land line is the absence of telemarket­ers, surveyors and especially election time blitz of robocalls.
' What's your address and phone number, Zuckerberg?'
Twiddle 723 wrote: 'I'll delete my Facebook account if they really plan on doing this. What an invasion of privacy. I thought the internet was all about anonymity?'
Many others have promised to boycott Facebook and turn to another site if the plans went ahead, though others simply comment that personal information should simply be removed from the site.
A Facebook spokesman said: 'There's no way for other websites to access a user's address or phone number from Facebook.
'For people that may find this option useful in the future, we're considering ways to let them share this information.
'People will always be in control of what Facebook information they share with apps and websites.'
GRAND RAPIDS, Michigan — Republican nominee Donald Trump told an audience of roughly 8,000 cheering fans that if he had cheated in presidential debates the way rival Hillary Clinton had, he would be sent to the “electric chair.”
Trump was commenting on the revelation by Wikileaks on Monday that CNN commentator Donna Brazile, who is now the chair of the Democratic National Committee, had been caught again passing debate questions from the network to the Clinton campaign during the Democratic primary.
Brazile had been exposed earlier doing the same — passing a question to the Clinton campaign in advance of a town hall debate against Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT).
At the time, Brazile was not yet DNC chair, but was a regular CNN contributor.
CNN fired Brazile on Monday, releasing a statement: ““We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the Clinton campaign while she was a CNN contributor.”
Trump noted that Brazile was not the core issue — “I don't care” about her, he said. Rather, he argued, Hillary Clinton should have reported Brazile the first time she tried to pass debate questions to her.
Trump also talked about cheating at the polls, telling supporters that the only way to overcome voter fraud would be to vote by the “millions.”
He cited 1.8 million dead people on the country's voter rolls, and 2.75 million who are registered in more than one state. (The statistics appear to be based on a Pew Research Center study.)
Trump challenged journalists in the room to ask Hillary Clinton why she had not reported Brazile after being provided with the debate questions.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Seriously, the Post ran a major front page article in its Sunday business section telling us that "big business lost Washington." The piece does acknowledge that business lobbies are still very effective in getting special deals for their industry, like favorable tax treatment for offshore profits and low cost access to public lands for fossil fuel extraction, but it complains that business leaders are not openly setting the national agenda.
It's not clear where exactly business leaders are seeing their needs go unmet. One of the most fundamental items on the national agenda is returning to full employment. Here the business community, lead by groups like the Peter Peterson funded organization "Fix the Debt," along with the Washington Post, played a large role in pushing the government towards austerity in 2011. The result was sharply slower growth and much less job creation than would otherwise be the case.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
This has been good news for many businesses, since the weak labor market led to an extraordinary leap in the profit share of national income. The cost to the rest of the country has been enormous, with millions of people needlessly being kept from working and tens of millions forced to accept much lower pay than would have been the case in a healthy labor market.
It's more than a bit bizarre to complain that the business interests who were able to impose such enormous costs on the rest of society in order to advance their agenda have no power in Washington. Of course it is understandable that they would prefer the public not recognize their power.
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
please wait... Rating: 5.0/5 (2 votes cast)
On October 3rd 2012, Eurogamer co-founder and managing director Ruper Loman announced via the website's chat forums that “booth babes” – females hired to draw crowds to their attributed exhibition stands – were no longer welcome at the annual Eurogamer Expo. In case there was anything ambivalent about his comments, Loman signed off with the following statement: “For future shows we will be issuing formal guidelines: Booth babes are Not OK.”
I am fortunate enough to have been writing about videogames professionally for several years now. Because I've never really understood that odd desire that many of my peers have – to populate your social circle with as many people as possible who all do the same job as you – and because hardly anybody reads the copy that I produce, this is an industry that I've never particularly felt a part of. I have to confess that this is exactly the way that I like it, but when everyone with a similar job description decides to get simultaneously mad or indignant about something, the resulting stream of firebrand rhetoric becomes absolutely impossible to avoid.
Before Virgin Media's booth babes had their legs re-sheathed at the 2012 Eurogamer Expo, there had already been at least two similar industry hoo-has this year, both of which also centred around charges of sexism. These “scandals” didn't incur plentiful polite discussion beneath one opinion piece… they incurred a light smattering of (occasionally) polite discussion beneath innumerable opinion pieces. What I found nauseating about all of these articles is that they were always exactly the same: different shades of the same opinion. The whole thing was about nothing more than mere one-upmanship. You think you were offended? Well, wait until you get a load of how offended I was…
I've decided to treat this article in the same way that I tend to treat random encounters with complete strangers, so I'll tactlessly shoehorn in the following statement: I once had a 4-year relationship with a Turkish girl who worked for prolonged periods as a catwalk model. On several occasions, in an attempt to help pay her way through university, she contemplated signing up to a modelling agency that specialised in catering for events in the, “ technology and gadget sector.”
In the end she never signed on with one of those organisations, but there's something quite spectacularly offensive about the prospect of those opportunities no longer existing for her. What's inherently wrong with all of these incensed opinion pieces is that there's a dearth of actual facts in them. Almost everything that has been written on the subject – in the past month, at least – is based solely around hare-brained assumptions about other people. Even Rab Florence's fantastically entertaining Eurogamer diatribe – click here to read that in full – resorts to signing off with a furious outburst involving a scenario that's totally imaginary:
“Have you ever seen some gamer dude getting his photo taken with a Booth Babe? Some chunky, pale guy, grinning as he puts an arm around the waist of a beautiful young girl. A moment captured forever, of this guy and this girl. The guy is probably a good guy. A good friend, a kind person. A good son. He'll be a good dad one day. But in that moment? When that photo is being taken? He's not posing for a photo beside a person. He's posing for a photo with a thing he's seen. A beautiful, unattainable thing. An object.”
Turning something innocent into something vaguely sinister is a technique that the British tabloids love to employ, because it does an outstanding job of instantly winding people up. I could cap this piece with a mirrored version of the above, in which I speculate about a loveable, mentally handicapped fellow, who is collecting booth babe photographs solely because his late mother used to be in a similar line of work. Both of these images are fundamentally dishonest, but for the record, people who see other people as objects aren't sexists: they're psychopaths.
Rab's article also expresses the (apparently very popular) opinion that booth babes are an antiquated thing that “we've all left behind”; as if finding women attractive is something that's now only allowed to happen when we're locked away in the privacy of our own homes. I don't walk around this stupid world like a monk: I find women attractive all day, every day. It's nothing more complicated than simple, pain-in-the-neck human nature… many apologies. I'm never encouraged to rape or belittle beautiful women just because they happen to be provocatively dressed and/or sharing the same air as me, but this “movement” seems designed to protect men who are. I've never posed for a photograph with a booth babe, nor have I ever been encouraged to enter one of their booths because of their banter. But if booth babes are good for business – and they're clearly good for business – then why do so many people, who seem to share my general apathy towards them, feel the need to stomp them out regardless?
If you've ever wandered around the hellish, Technicolour puke museum of Ibiza's West End, you'll know that the main strip is populated predominantly by pretty girls, all attempting to ensare drunken pink men into the bar that's paying their wages. For a couple of weeks, many summers ago, my aforementioned ex was one of these girls, and every day I nervously expected her to come home with horror stories. In the end, it was an experience that she actively enjoyed – she liked the attention and was never once groped or aggressed – and her only reservation was that, despite her constant enquiries, her boss wasn't massively interested in implementing a way for her to raise some kind of alarm if something did go wrong.
For the record, I whole-heartedly applaud Rupert Loman's decision to usher some of this year's booth babes into the 18+ area of the expo. It is now very much a family-friendly event, and the concept of women brandishing QR codes on their backsides is not only astonishingly tacky, it's inappropriate. But blanket-banning an entire sub-section of paid workers as a response isn't just disingenuous, it's downright bloody creepy. If issues are raised about inappropriate dress, deal with them. If workers are being mistreated by punters, investigate. If employers are forcing unwilling staff to wear racy clothing, then find a company that isn't doing that. And if these girls are happy to wear hotpants – and there isn't a QR code emblazoned on the arse – then what exactly is the problem? You don't buy hotpants from Ann Summers, you buy hotpants from Primark. They sell because some girls like to wear them. This whole thing calls to mind a discussion that I had with a decidedly bellendian friend of mine a while back, in which he argued that Lollipop Chainsaw was sexist, exclusively because the outfit that Juliet Starling wore throughout it was pandering to perverts. It's mandatory attire for tens of thousands of pre-teen girls in America, I told him. He wasn't interested. He was upset because some imaginary pervert – but not him, not ever – was probably going to get some kind of sexual kick out of it.
Earlier this year, I attended a press event in London in which booth babes – along with a few of their male doppelgangers – were out in force. The male quarter of this demographic were universally useless; tasked with manning demo pods housing software that nobody had seen before, none of them had bothered to ask their employer for any extra information, so in most cases, they did little more than covertly express how much they didn't want to be there. On the other hand, their female counterparts were impressive in the extreme; enthusiastic, knowledgeable about the product they were tasked with promoting, and eager to chat with anybody who dared to ask them a question. As I left the event, one of these ladies was in the middle of giving an interview to a German journalist, carefully answering questions that were clearly intended to have been directed at a developer.
She was wearing the following: smart shoes, black trousers and a branded, tight-fitting T-shirt. I'm more than happy to admit that she was one of the most beautiful women that I've ever laid my eyes upon, but was she technically a “booth babe”? Did the lack of revealing dress excuse her from that description? Would the extra mile that she went to, professionally, be enough to earn her a place at next year's Eurogamer Expo? What's more, is Rupert Loman going to stand at the Expo gates next year policing his prim new dress code? And if our only aim here is to protect the children, will the dress code apply to cosplayers too? These questions bring attention to what is really bothering me about all of this: this is an extremely complicated issue, and just because you're paid to write periodical opinion pieces for a living doesn't mean that discussion is free to be completely ruled out.
“It's about the bigger picture”
No it isn't; it's about a revenue stream for young women that a band of self-righteous people are trying rather desperately to destroy altogether. Eurogamer is an influential outfit – deservedly so – but if others follow suit in this area, what exactly has been achieved? It's very revealing that countless games journalists, so desperate to present themselves to the world as tub-thumping liberals at every available opportunity, don't realise that they're essentially gunning for what is, when you lay it down flat, nothing more than puritanical censorship. Championing the misguided idea that the female form corrupts, somehow. That it's their responsibility to protect under-sexed gamers from women that aren't biologically related to them. That sex itself is beneath them. That the poor, self-conscious petals who work as booth babes don't have any idea what the hell they're doing, and desperately need to be saved.
I've always been utterly fascinated by the concept of the “moral panic”, not least because those movements are always based on nowt more substantial than frenzied hot air. When I was fifteen years old – and this is a true story, by the way – a senior staff member at my school successfully lobbied for me to be expelled, because she'd heard a rumour that I had repeatedly viewed a pirated copy of Oliver Stone's film Natural Born Killers. That sounds utterly ridiculous in hindsight, but nobody thinks straight when they're neck-deep in the shit, and back then, Natural Born Killers was a recruitment film designed expressly to turn troubled young men into serial killers. Common sense didn't exist, and mob mentality ruled all.
In this situation, one thing is for certain: almost nobody appears to give a damn about the actual people involved here. Everyone's keen to pontificate about imaginary sexism, about the prospect of corrupted children, and about how we can all celebrate now because the games industry has finally de-shackled itself from its own seedy past. But a small handful of jobs – until now filled by young women – no longer exist as a result of all this, and the only people who don't matter in – and have never been invited to – this discussion are those very same people. How on earth is that not sexist?
Look at him. Look at that games journalist. Look into his eyes. Imagine what's going through his mind as he writes that blog post on the brilliance of babe-free gaming expos. “Pardon me my darling, but your line of work makes me feel terribly uncomfortable, so I have gone to the trouble of terminating your employment… please, don't thank me. Now, I think it's time for you to cover up and disappear behind the deli counter at Sainsbury's, there's a good girl…”
Sorry, I couldn't resist.
I'll sign off with a few rather macabre words from VG247's Patrick Garrett who, after likening booth babes to the cancerous effects of breathing in second-hand cigarette smoke – yes, really – went on to reveal that the real issue here wasn't exploitation or sexism, but the fact that he felt that he was being patronised…
“Make us bend over and shoot our asses because you're a perennially erect, two-footed penis. You have no brain: you will buy this product because we marketed at your biology like an 0898 number in the back of a ‘lads' mag. Women are asses you want to f*ck. You're a f*ck-rod. Now give us some money.”
Weep for him.
-END-
About the Author: Chet Roivas has been writing about games professionally for several years, and now contributes primarily to the zavvi.com blog.
Related Posts:
New Delhi: Foreign languages such as German and French may not be part of the three-language formula in schools from the next academic session. The HRD ministry is believed to have communicated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) that students who are keen on learning foreign languages should opt for the subject as fourth or fifth language.
“Languages which are listed in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution should be taught under the three language formula, while languages which are ‘purely foreign' should be taught as a ‘fourth language' as an elective subject," a source said. “Consultations are on with the CBSE and the changes are likely to be implemented from next academic session," the source added.
Under the National Education Policy, the three-language formula means students in Hindi-speaking states should learn a modern Indian language, apart from Hindi and English and, in non-Hindi-speaking states, they should learn Hindi along with the regional language and English.
However, a majority of the 18,000 affiliated institutions offer the mother tongue or Hindi, English and a foreign language such as German and Mandarin up to Class 8. Last December, the CBSE had sent the proposed three- language formula for secondary education to the HRD ministry setting off speculation over if as to when the new scheme would kick in.
The proposal has two major differences with the CBSE's existing three-language formula that applies till Class 8. One, it extends the scheme till Class 10, and two, it does away with foreign languages as an option for students.
Under the new plan, a student would have to take up three Indian languages listed in Eighth Schedule of the Constitution, one of which could be English.
German Economics Minister Philipp Rösler is standing in the boiler room of a row house in the town of Hönow, near Berlin. He doesn't look at all pleased with what he's seeing: an un-insulated heating pipe. What a waste of money and energy!
The owner of the building, Petra Röfke, 54, and her partner Hartmut, 58, look embarrassed. But the minister has some good advice for them. Wrapping a little foam insulation around the pipe would help save a lot of energy, he says, adding: "I have the same kind of pipe in my house."
In fact, says Rösler, he has a good mind to drive to the local hardware store and take care of the matter himself, along with replacing the old, inefficient light bulbs he saw while touring the house. He also didn't fail to notice the antiquated tube television set in the living room. "A lot can be done here," says the minister, giving the couple his final verdict.
With the government driving up the price of electricity, Rösler seems to feel an urge to make himself useful by dispensing advice on how to save money and energy. On Monday, grid operators announced a significant increase in electricity prices in Germany, prices that are already the second-highest in Europe.
The price hike is the result of an assessment under the Renewable Energy Act (EEG), a sort of green-energy solidarity surcharge that is automatically added to every consumer's electricity bill. Under the agreement reached in the last round of negotiations, the assessment will increase from 3.6 cents to 5.4 cents per kilowatt hour.
With the new rates, German citizens will be paying a total of more than 20 billion ($25.7 billion) next year to promote renewable energy. This is more than 175 for an average three-person household, a 50 percent increase over current figures. And then there are the additional charges a consumer pays for the electricity tax, the cogeneration assessment, the concession fee and value-added tax.
The development is an embarrassment to Germany's coalition government, made up of Chancellor Angela Merkel's center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU), its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), and the pro-business Free Democratic Party (FDP). In recent months, the government has denied claims that the gradual transition to green energy could cost German citizens a load of money.
Broken Promises
In a government statement issued in June 2011, Chancellor Angela Merkel promised that prices would remain stable. "The EEG assessment should not increase above its current level," she told the German parliament, the Bundestag. Economics Minister Rösler said that there could even be "room for decreases." The environment ministers, first Norbert Röttgen and then Peter Altmaier, behaved as if Germany's phase-out of nuclear energy was not going to cost anything, even as they handed out billions in subsidies to owners of homes with solar panels and wind-farm operators.
Merkel must now deal with the consequences of her statement that the energy turnaround was to be the most important domestic project in the legislative period. Within a few hours after the nuclear reactor disaster in Fukushima in March 2011, she had transformed herself from a proponent into an opponent of nuclear energy. At the time, most Germans supported the chancellor. But now, more than a year later, they are losing confidence in her ability to get it right. German politician and EU Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger says that he doubts "whether German consumers will accept rising electricity prices resulting from the energy turnaround in the long term."
The rising cost of electricity is also a burden on businesses. According to Oettinger, energy costs now represent the biggest liability for Germany as a place to do business, especially in light of the marked increase in the number of blackouts and voltage fluctuations in the grid.
Consumer advocates view the electricity price as a social issue, not unlike the price of bread in ancient Rome. The Paritätischer Gesamtverband, an umbrella association for social-welfare groups, estimates that about 200,000 recipients of benefits under the Hartz IV welfare reform program for the long-term unemployed saw their power shut off last year because of unpaid bills. The VdK, Germany's largest welfare organization, uses the term "electricity poverty" and is sharply critical of what it sees as a "glaring violation of basic social rights." According to the VdK, it is unfair that citizens are being asked to bear much of the burden of costs and risks associated with the energy turnaround.
Wasted Time and Money
This Wednesday, Environment Minister Altmaier plans to unveil a proposal on how to move forward with legislation designed to promote green energy. Members of the Bundestag from the ruling coalition want to exempt a growing number of companies from the green energy assessment. FDP parliamentary floor leader Rainer Brüderle is calling for a moratorium on new roof-based solar modules and wind turbines. Meanwhile, the center-left Social Democratic Party (SPD) and the Green Party are discussing whether energy providers should be compelled to offer special rates for low-income customers. Economics Minister Rösler, whose visit to a boiler room in Hönow marked the beginning of a new promotional campaign, wants to encourage citizens to conserve energy.
The central question in all of this is whether the money coming from electricity consumers is being spent wisely. If the federal government wants to have all of Germany's nuclear power plants phased out by 2022, why is it doing so little to ensure that the project will succeed?
Billions are currently being spent on the unchecked expansion of solar energy -- a technology that contributes the least to a reliable power supply in Germany, which isn't exactly famous for abundant sunshine. The comparatively efficient building renovation programs, on the other, have come to a standstill because the federal and state governments have been quarreling over funding for more than a year now. There is far too little storage capacity to serve as a buffer against the fluctuating supply of wind and solar energy. In addition, there are no conventional replacement power plants in the works. In fact, energy utilities are thinking about shutting down existing plants.
A Massive Mess
Instead of agreeing on a concept for the energy turnaround, the parties in the ruling coalition are arguing over who is responsible for the program. Economics Minister Rösler, of the FDP, is laying claim to the expansion of the grid. Environment Minister Altmaier, of the CDU, sees himself as being in charge of renewable energy projects -- as if the two things could function without each other. And then there are Transportation Minister Peter Ramsauer (CSU) in charge of site planning, Research Minister Annette Schavan (CDU) heading up storage-technology efforts, and Agriculture Minister Ilse Aigner (CSU) looking after biofuel issues. Vanity and proportional representation are also factors in the mix.
Meanwhile, Germany's 16 federal states are developing their own concepts, some of which are at odds with each other. Bavarian Governor Horst Seehofer says that his state plans to develop a self-sufficient energy supply. But David McAllister, the governor of the northern state of Lower Saxony, has a plan based on supplying Bavaria with large amounts of electricity from wind farms off the North Sea coast.
What some grid operators, power plant owners and scientists are doing today is nothing short of flabbergasting. There are power plants that are not connected to the grid, power masts without lines, and power lines leading to nowhere.
"There is still quite a lot to do here," Rösler said when he emerged from the boiler room in Hönow. Petra Röfke, the owner, nodded. Rösler added that he couldn't have imagined so much waste. "It's crazy, isn't it?"
The New York Jets will hold follow-up discussions with three general manager candidates: former Chicago Bears GM Jerry Angelo, Jets assistant GM Scott Cohen and Pittsburgh Steelers director of football and business administration Omar Khan, according to sources.
Those conversations could begin Tuesday, and the Jets hope to have a new GM by Friday, the sources said.
Angelo, who had an impressive interview, is high on the Jets' radar, sources said.
Jets assistant general manager Scott Cohen also interviewed well, according to sources.
The Jets also interviewed former Denver Broncos GM Ted Sundquist late last week, according to a league source.
Angelo, who was fired from his post in Chicago after the 2011 season, is the only known candidate with experience as a GM. He was the Bears' GM for 11 years, compiling an 87-73 record and building the team that reached Super Bowl XLI.
Khan has been Pittsburgh's chief contract negotiator for more than a decade and is known for his cap expertise.
Owner Woody Johnson confirmed last week that Rex Ryan is part of the package, meaning the next GM has to retain the coach for at least one season. Johnson said he hasn't received any negative backlash from potential candidates.
Information from ESPNNewYork.com's Rich Cimini and ESPN.com AFC North blogger Jamison Hensley was used in this report.
REUTERS/Yiannis Kourtoglou LONDON — Britain is "flirting with recession" and could see its economy start to contract within six months, according to a new note from Swiss banking giant Credit Suisse circulated to clients on Wednesday.
Analysts Sonali Punhani, Peter Foley, and Neville Hill argue that while a recession is not hugely likely and does not represent the bank's central scenario, there is as much as a 38% chance that a technical recession could be on the cards.
Britain's economy grew just 0.2% in the first quarter of the year, and most current forecasts are for growth to be around that level in the second quarter as well.
That, Credit Suisse's team says, is a troubling sign.
"Quarterly growth that is only narrowly in positive territory raises the prospect of a technical recession. That is not our central scenario, but the risks are increasing, and the volatile political backdrop and unpredictable Brexit negotiations have increased the uncertainty of our forecasts."
A technical recession occurs when an economy contracts for two consecutive quarters. If the UK's GDP were to shrink 0.1% in both the third and fourth quarters of 2017 that would be considered a technical recession.
However, in the hypothetical (and highly unlikely) scenario that the economy shrunk 1.1% in Q3, grew 0.1% in Q4, and then contracted a further 1% in Q1 of 2018, that would not strictly count as a technical recession.
Credit Suisse was one of the numerous banks to forecast a recession in the aftermath of the vote for Brexit, but acknowledges in its new research that it made errors in its modelling.
"It is worth noting that we forecasted a recession in the UK in the aftermath of the EU referendum last year. The recession didn't materialize as consumer spending held up better than expected, albeit only thanks to a massive drop in the saving rate," the analysts write.
However, many of the negatives around the economy that could end up causing a recession persist in "haunting" Britain, they argue.
Here are Punhani, Foley, and Hill again (emphasis ours):
"The reasons for expecting a recession after the EU referendum continue to haunt the UK economy and the fundamentals have become weaker over the last few months. We expected a recession post the referendum to be driven by a halt in business investment as firms react to the uncertainty triggered by the vote; and a squeeze in consumer spending as a consequence of currency depreciation and higher inflation. These drivers are materializing now (later than we initially expected) and are likely to worsen as political uncertainty continues post the election and at the onset of Brexit negotiations."
Consequently, the chance of a recession is more than a third, they say. That could get even higher in the event that the Bank of England hikes interest rates before the end of the year, although that seems unlikely given Tuesday's inflation figures showing an unexpected fall in how fast the price of goods rose during June.
"We have estimated a number of models that put the chances of a recession in the UK in the next six months in a 25%-38% range," the trio write.
"Importantly, we estimate that a 25 bps hike by the BoE would increase the probability of a recession by around 5%."
Here's that prediction in chart form:
   Garlic bread and the trans community – unlikely foes (Picture: Getty)
Some people are really angry about a ‘transphobic' meme that has popped up in the most unlikely place imaginable.
Of all the corners of the internet, it was posted on a Facebook page about garlic bread.
Yes, garlic bread. The tasty side dish that was, until now, completely and utterly inoffensive.
The administrators of the Facebook page Garlic Bread Memes decided to make a massive change in editorial direction by posting this…
What do you make of this? It's offensive 0%
It's funny 0%
It's neither offensive nor funny 0% Share your results  Share your results  Tweet your results
Erm, ok. Let's think about this.
A garlic bread appreciation page has decided to make a political statement about the trans community and other people who do not see themselves as male or female.
Using garlic bread.
It has naturally caused a divide, both within and beyond the garlic bread community, and is a contender for ‘most 2016 argument ever'.
Some have expressed their disappointment at the ‘transphobia' while others have taken aim at the ‘politically correct brigade'.
Currently, the most liked comment on the photo is a guy saying he sexually identifies as garlic bread and requests to be called ‘GarBread'.
Normally, the page posts funny memes that worship garlic bread as something of a deity or suggest it is the answer to all life's problems.
Bravely, it even tackles current affairs, like the death of Harambe the gorilla.
We're not sure garlic bread could have solved that one.
Waverly, Ia. – Amidst a breezy appearance before an enthusiastic crowd at pizza restaurant here, presidential candidate Michele Bachmann debated two high school students over whether civil rights included the right of same-sex couples to marry.
Bachmann set the stage for the exchange with comments about “true tolerance” in the context of religious displays in school:
“I think we have really forgotten what true tolerance means,” Bachmann said. “True tolerance means allowing people to express themselves and their beliefs. There might be people in this room that have no faith at all. You're welcome here. Everyone is welcome here. But that doesn't have that mean that we squelch people's speech that have religious-based values either. And we need to allow people to speak.”
She then turned to Jane Schmidt, a Waverly High School student and president of the school's Gay-Straight Alliance. Here's their exchange in full.
JANE SCHMIDT: One of my main concerns is government support for the LGBT community. So my question is what would you do to protect GSAs in high school and support the LGBT community.
BACHMANN: Well, No. 1, all of us as Americans have the same rights. The same civil rights. And so that's really what government's role is, to protect our civil rights. There shouldn't be any special rights or special set of criteria based upon people's preferences. We all have the same civil rights.
JANE SCHMIDT: Then, why can't same-sex couples get married?
BACHMANN: They can get married, but they abide by the same law as everyone else. They can marry a man if they're a woman. Or they can marry a woman if they're a man.
JANE SCHMIDT: Why can't a man marry a man?
BACHMANN: Because that's not the law of the land.
JANE SCHMIDT: So heterosexual couples have a privilege.
BACHMANN: No, they have the same opportunity under the law. There is no right to same-sex marriage.
JANE SCHMIDT: So you won't support the LGBT community?
BACHMANN: No, I said that there are no special rights for people based upon your sex practices. There's no special rights based upon what you do in your sex life. You're an American citizen first and foremost and that's it.
ELLA NEWELL, a junior at Waverly High School: Wouldn't heterosexual couples, if they were given a privilege then, that gay couples aren't, like given that privilege to get married, but heterosexual couples are given a privilege to get married?
BACHMANN: Remember every American citizen has the right to avail themselves to marriage but they have to follow what the laws are. And the laws are you marry a person of the opposite sex.
Bachmann received applause for her comments throughout the exchange, and later one young man in the audience – Will Thomsen, of Cedar Falls – told Schmidt and Newell that Bachmann was a woman they should “emulate.”
Same-sex marriage, it should be noted, is legal in Iowa, as it is in several other states in the union.
Video of the exchange can be seen here:
OTHER THEMES: Bachmann hit on a number of frequent campaign themes, promising to build a fence along the U.S.-Mexico border, repeal incumbent President Barack Obama's signature health-care law and take a hard line against Iran, among other points.
In a question about Supreme Court decisions she opposed, Bachmann noted the Dred Scott case, in which an African American slave unsuccessfully sued for his freedom, and the much more recent Kelo v. City of New London, which sided with a city on eminent domain issues.
Nearly every talking point was met with enthusiastic cheers and applause, including two very specific compliments from John Knutson, of Sumner: “You don't stumble, you don't make crap up,” he said.
SETTING: The Pizza Ranch restaurant in Waverly.
CROWD: Perhaps 65, mostly middle-aged and elderly who spilled out of the restaurants meeting space.
THE CANDIDATE'S DAY: Prior to her stop here, Bachmann discussed education policy and her personal history in a speech and question-and-answer session at the University of Northern Iowa. She was scheduled to visit Charles City later in the evening.
PLACE IN THE RACE: Wednesday marked Bachmann's campaign first visit to Cedar Falls and Waverly, although she has spent plenty of time in neighboring Waterloo, the city of her birth. Despite tireless campaigning in Iowa Bachmann remains mired in the single digits in most state polling, further pressurizing the final five weeks before the Jan. 3 caucuses.
Recommended Photos
Anyone can use Twitter which makes it equal parts amazing and horrible for some users. To help squelch some of the more annoying voices on the social network, Twitter lets users block accounts they find disruptive or worse, threaten said user. Today, Twitter announced that a user's list of blocked accounts can now be exported and shared with other users. The list can then be imported by other Twitter users to mass block accounts. This is helpful for groups that have been the target of abuse and general trolling. Twitter has come under fire by groups saying the company doesn't do enough to protect its users from abusive accounts. It's a sentiment that's shared inside the company. In a leaked internal email, CEO Dick Costolo said, "we suck with dealing at trolls on the platform and we've sucked at it for years." With today's news, Twitter says it's also working on additional user controls and will share more information in the future.
Derby County's 2017/18 Sky Bet Championship fixture list has been confirmed.
The fixtures, as ever, were eagerly anticipated and were announced at 9am this morning.
Gary Rowett's side will kick off the new season on the road with a trip to newcomers Sunderland, following their relegation from the Premier League last season.
The Black Cats parted company with manager David Moyes earlier in the summer and are currently searching for a successor.
The game has been selected for live coverage by Sky Sports and will be played at the Stadium of Light on Friday 4th August 2017 (7:45pm kick-off).
It will be the first time that Derby and Sunderland have met in a competitive fixture since 2008.
Derby will get their home campaign underway with back-to-back home games at Pride Park Stadium against Wolverhampton Wanderers and Preston North End on Saturday 12th and Tuesday 15th August respectively.
They will then round the first month of the season off with back-to-back away fixtures against last season's two automatic promotion winners from League 1, heading to Bolton Wanderers on Saturday 19th August and then Sheffield United on Saturday 26th August.
The first local derby clash of the season against Nottingham Forest will be played at Pride Park Stadium on Saturday 14th October, with the return fixture at the City Ground pencilled in for Saturday 10th March.
The games against near-neighbours Burton Albion will be played at Pride Park Stadium on Saturday 2nd December and then at the Pirelli Stadium on Saturday 14th April.
Christmas will prove to be a busy time for all Championship clubs and Derby have four matches crammed into the festive programme.
They will face Millwall at Pride Park Stadium on Saturday 23rd December, before taking in successive away games at Hull City on Tuesday 26th December for the annual Boxing Day fixture and then a visit to Ipswich Town on Saturday 30th December. Derby will then kick off 2018 with a New Year's Day clash against Sheffield United on home turf on Monday 1st January.
Derby will be in action over the Easter period following the final international break of the season, welcoming Sunderland to Pride Park on Saturday 31st March before heading to Preston North End on Easter Monday (Monday 2nd April).
The Rams will round off the campaign on home turf on Sunday 6th May against Barnsley.
You can view the full fixture list on dcfc.co.uk here: dcfc.co.uk/fixtures
Buy Photo Majority Leader Randy Richardville, R-Monroe (Photo: Dale G. Young / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
On the same day that The Detroit News revealed that Senate Majority Leader Randy Richardville, R-Monroe, pushed a little-known bill through the lame duck session that would expose Michigan consumers to short-term loans with annual interest rates of nearly 300 percent, Richardville denied to reporters that the bill constitutes any kind of predatory lending.
“We don't allow predatory lending,” Richardville told an informal meeting of reporters in Lansing on Tuesday, even though the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau and several consumer groups have all labeled the kind of auto title loans he's backing as predatory and abusive.
The short-term auto-title loans aren't legal in Michigan, but a bill introduced by Richardville on Nov. 6 would add a loophole to the state's 1917 Pawnbrokers Act that would effectively let auto-title lenders enter the state by masquerading as pawnbrokers. An identical bill in the state House is sponsored by Livonia Republican John Walsh.
Michigan's pawnshop law caps interest rates at 3 percent a month, or 36 percent annually, meaning that $1,000 borrowed for a year will cost a consumer $360 in interest after 12 months. Richardville's bill would allow pawnbrokers to add a 20 percent monthly “usage fee” so that consumers could borrow against their cars and continue to drive them, at an annual interest rate of 276 percent. In that case, a 12-month, $1,000 auto title loan would cost the borrower $2,760 in interest, on top of the original $1,000 borrowed.
The U.S. Department of Defense has sought to outlaw such loans under the Military Lending Act, which caps interest rates at 36 percent annually. A November report from the Pentagon said that, “Predatory lending undermines military readiness” and “harms the morale of troops and their families.”
According to Washington, D.C., a non-partisan nonprofit Center for Responsible Lending, auto title loans are renewed an average of eight times, causing borrowers to pay more than twice the amount they borrowed in just interest. One in six auto title borrowers, the center said, loses their car to repossession. While the auto title business makes $1.9 billion in annual loans, those lenders rake in $4.3 billion in fees.
Richardville also denied to reporters that he is trying to ram the bill through the lame duck session, despite the fact that he introduced it two days after the November election and arranged for the bill to bypass a committee hearing and come directly to the state Senate floor where it could be voted on any day.
On Tuesday, Richardville said representatives for banks and credit unions are meeting with representatives in the pawn industry to see if they can reach a compromise on the legislation. He did not elaborate.
“I'll know probably tomorrow if they can get that compromise or not,” Richardville said.
But Mark Aubrey of Warren-based Motor City Pawnbrokers and president of the Michigan Pawnbrokers Association — which opposes the bill — said his group has heard nothing about any accommodation on the bill, and isn't interested in one.
“The Michigan Pawnbrokers Association has not been contacted by any agency for compromise,” Aubrey said in a statement. “There is no middle ground here. Title lending has no place in the Pawnbroker Act and no place in the pockets of Michigan's consumers.”
The primary backer for the legislation, according to consumer and business lobbyists fighting the bill, is Georgia-based Select Management Resources, one of the nation's largest auto-title lenders, owned by Roderick Aycox. According to Reuters, as of 2012 Aycox and his close associates had made nearly $1 million in campaign contributions to lawmakers in several states to promote his business interests, but didn't specifically cite contributions to Michigan campaigns.
The Community Economic Development Association of Michigan and 50 other civic, financial, legal and consumer groups in Michigan oppose the measure, including Focus: HOPE, the Michigan State Bar Consumer Law Council, the Grandmont Rosedale Development Corp. and New Hope Baptist Church.
Richardville, who is term-limited and leaving office at year's end, said the title loan bill wouldn't be jammed through the lame duck session if it's incomplete.
“If we're not ready to vote on it, my move would be to wait until next year and let the next class deal with it,” he said.
The bill is No. 1138 in the Senate and No. 5954 in the House.
boconnor@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2145
Chad Livengood contributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1AcsMha
Image: Shutterstock / Composition: Louise Matsakis
Want to access Skype in Cuba? Without a VPN, you're out of luck. The service is blocked in the country, along with dozens of other websites, according to new report from the Open Observatory of Network Interference (OONI), which works under the Tor Project. The study, published this week, shows just how censored Cuba's internet still is.
Researchers from OONI monitored eight different internet access points in three different Cuban cities (Havana, Santiago de Cuba, and Santa Clara) between May 29 and and June 10 of this year. Their findings show that 41 different websites are blocked in the country, including the Cuban Free Press Project and Freedom House, an independent watchdog organization that advocates for greater civil liberties around the world. In total, OONI tested nearly 1,500 different websites in order to see which were restricted.
Most of the sites blocked have criticized the Cuban Castro regime (either directly or indirectly) according to the report. News sites that have published articles critical of the Cuban government made up the bulk of restricted sites.
"Prior to traveling to Cuba, we had heard that sites expressing political criticism had been reported to be blocked," Simone Basso, Maria Xynou, and Arturo Filastò, the researchers behind the study, told me in an email. "However, it was interesting to collect data showing the scale of sites—expressing criticism and defending human rights—actually blocked."
Image: OONI
Only the HTTP versions of the sites, and not the more secure HTTPS versions, were restricted, "potentially enabling users to circumvent the censorship by merely accessing them over HTTPS," according to the report.
Skype was the only popular communication platform that was censored; alternatives like Facebook and WhatsApp are used widely throughout the country. OONI also found that a number of tools used for surfing the internet anonymously were blocked, like web proxy Anonymouse.
The government is not the only source of censorship in Cuba. Google, for example, blocks access to its App Engine, a platform for building web and mobile apps, within the country, according to the OONI report. Google likely restricted access because of the United States' economic embargo on Cuba. "There are a number of restrictions on Google's ability to offer our full range of platforms and services in every region," a spokesperson for the company said. "For example, in compliance with US law, a number of services aren't available within certain countries including Cuba."
The report also found that Huawei supported the internet infrastructure in Cuba. "The server headers of blocked sites, for example, pointed to Huawei equipment," the researchers explained. "It remains unclear though whether and to what extent Huawei is actually implementing internet censorship in Cuba." The company did not respond to a request to clarify its business relationship with the Cuban government in time for publication.
One of the limitations of the OONI study is that it only tested 1,500 URLs, and may have missed some blocked sites. "It's hard to be truly representative and therefore this methodology likely includes some bias in terms of what is tested," the researchers said. "In practice what this means is that we might have missed some sites that are blocked."
Overall, the OONI researchers found that censorship of Cuba's internet wasn't very sophisticated. "Given the high cost of accessing the internet, rendering it inaccessible to most Cubans, perhaps the Cuban government doesn't even need to invest in sophisticated internet censorship (yet)," they explained. "Furthermore, the political climate of the country appears to foster self-censorship, which arguably is the most effective form of censorship."
Accessing the internet in Cuba has been difficult since the country first connected in 1996. Though it loosened restrictions in 2008, the government still maintains tight control over the sale and distribution of internet hardware. Only around 37 percent of the country's 11 million people get online, according to the World Bank. One reason internet adoption in the country has been slow is because one hour of internet use costs around 1 CUC ($1).
That might seem affordable, but 61 percent of the population earns less than $100 a month, according to a 2016 survey. Cubans are also forced to rely on a single telecom, ETECSA, which is state-owned. Independent mesh networks set up by tech-savvy Cubans exist, though they're technically illegal.
More Cubans are steadily gaining access to the internet, however: In 2015, the government opened its first public Wi-Fi hotspot, and now there are hundreds (most Cubans still don't have internet in their homes). Earlier this year, Google became the first major foreign internet giant to bring its servers to the country. As Cubans access the internet in greater numbers, it's possible the government will censor the web more tightly.
"As Cuba's internet landscape evolves, so might internet censorship," the researchers behind the OONI study said.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
Just a month after student Otto Warmbier died following his imprisonment by Pyongyang, Americans will be barred from traveling to North Korea.
China-based Young Pioneer Tours, which had taken Warmbier to North Korea, and Koryo Tours said the ban will come into force on July 27 — the anniversary of the end of the Korean War — with a 30-day grace period.
"We have just been informed that the US government will no longer be allowing US citizens to travel to the DPRK (North Korea)," Young Pioneer Tours said on its website.
"After the 30-day grace period any US national that travels to North Korea will have their passport invalidated by their government," it said.
The company did not say who had notified it of the ban, which followed its earlier announcement that it would no longer take Americans to North Korea in the wake of Warmbier's death last month.
Koryo Tours general manager Simon Cockerell told AFP that his company was notified by the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang, which usually acts on behalf of the United States in North Korea since Washington has no diplomatic ties with the isolated regime.
The official announcement "will basically end American tourism" in North Korea, Cockerell said.
"It remains to be seen what the exact text is, but the indication is it's just a straight up ban on Americans going," he said.
His company currently takes between 300-400 Americans to the country each year, he said, adding that the company has begun informing American customers who had reserved tours of the ban.
While the decision will be bad for business, he sees it as more damaging to "North Koreans who are interested in having a balanced portrayal of what Americans are really like."
A US embassy spokesman in Seoul could not be reached for comment, while his counterpart in Beijing said she would check with Washington.
'Bargaining chips'
It was unclear whether the ban would be imposed by a US executive order.
A foreign affairs subcommittee of the US House of Representatives is scheduled to take up draft legislation on July 27 that would forbid Americans from traveling to North Korea.
According to its text, at least 17 US citizens had been detained in North Korea as of May. At least three remain in the country's custody.
"The government of North Korea has repeatedly detained United States citizens to be used as bargaining chips in negotiations over a variety of issues," it says, including "North Korea's illegal nuclear weapons program."
The bill would require Senate approval and the president's signature before becoming law.
Travelers wanting to visit the North must go with a tour company.
Americans are required to fly to Pyongyang from Beijing, while other nationalities are allowed to go by train.
But the US State Department has strongly warned US citizens against traveling there.
Warmbier, 22, died after being medically evacuated to the United States suffering from severe brain damage. He had spent 18 months in captivity in North Korea.
US President Donald Trump had blamed Pyongyang's "brutal regime" for his plight.
North Korea accused the United States of waging a "smear campaign" and denied that Warmbier was tortured or abused.
Young Pioneer Tours, founded in 2008 by a British expat, came under fire after Warmbier was flown home in a coma following a flurry of secret diplomatic negotiations between Washington and Pyongyang.
The University of Virginia student was arrested at the airport as he was leaving Pyongyang in January last year and sentenced at a trial to 15 years of hard labor for stealing a political poster from a hotel.
His case added to already high tensions in the region over North Korea's weapons ambitions, culminating in the country's successful test launch earlier this month of an intercontinental ballistic missile that experts say could reach Alaska.
by Ben Dooley/AFP
25-year old autistic Filipino dude. Social democrat, third-world transhumanist, corporate drone. Possibly bisexual? Must remember to investigate further.
Part-time intellectual savior of the unwashed Tumblr masses, part-time funposter. This is my reblog blog, for anything and everything I deem is worth paying attention to.
Which pretty much means if you're looking for:
* Fan-art
* Art/writing references
* Funny pictures/posts
* Music/videos
* Cute animals
* RP-related stuff
* Lewds
* Social justice resources/news/links
* Commentary on social justice, in Tumblr and the greater world
-- then you've come to the right place.
Stuff I like:
* Magic: the Gathering
* Warhammer 40,000
* Dungeons & Dragons
* The World of Darkness
* Game of Thrones/A Song of Ice and Fire
* Steven Universe
* Transformers
* Pokémon
* Shin Megami Tensei/Persona
* Marvel/DC Comics
* Yaoi/BL/Pretty anime guys
* Free!
* Yuri!!! on Ice
* JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
* Professional wrestling (WWE, mostly)
* Vinesauce
* Two Best Friends Play
* Video Game Championship Wrestling
* Filthy Frank
* Dwarf Fortress
Triggers tagged: blood, gore, abuse, body horror, rape, slurs, transphobia, homophobia, racism
Blacklist these tags as you want. Or don't. Your call, really. Fair warning: my trigger tags are rather inconsistent.
--WARNING: This blog is occasionally VERY NSFW. Viewer discretion is advised.--
"Yep. That's me. That's all me. 24-7 G, baby. 24-7 G."
-- Filthy Frank
My blog All of Tumblr
Follow-on Tumblr
Following
Pavel Serafimovich Lednyov (Russian: Павел Серафимович Леднëв; 25 March 1943 Nizhny Novgorod, Nizhny, Russia – 23 November 2010 Moscow, Russia) was a Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic Champion. He won a total of seven Olympic medals in modern pentathlon, more than any other player to date.[1] He won four individual World Championships, and two gold medals as a member of the Soviet team.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Lednyov competed at the 1968, 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics, and won a total of two gold medals, two silver medals and three bronze medals.[1][2]
Lednyov became Soviet champion in 1968, and qualified for the Summer Olympics in Mexico City. At his first Olympic games he won an individual bronze medal, and a silver medal with the Soviet team, which consisted of Lednyov, Boris Onishchenko and Stasys Šaparnis. In Munich in 1972 he won a silver medal in the individual competition, behind András Balczó, and an Olympic gold medal in the team competition, together with Boris Onishchenko and Vladimir Shmelyov.
In London in 1973, Lednyov became double World Champion, by winning the individual competition with 5,412 points, 145 points ahead of Shmelyov, and the Soviet team won the team competition before West Germany.[3] In 1973 he also became national champion for the second time. He became double World Champion again in 1974, and in 1975 he became individual World Champion for the third time.
At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal he won an individual silver medal, behind gold winner Janusz Pyciak-Peciak. In 1978 he became World Champion again, his fourth in the individual competition. At the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow he won an individual bronze medal, and also his second Olympic gold medal with the Soviet team, together with Anatoli Starostin and Yevgeny Lipeyev.[1]
Awards [ edit ]
Lednyov was listed among the Soviet Union top ten athletes of the year by the Federation of Sports Journalists of the USSR in 1973 and 1975.[citation needed]
Moreover, in Venezuela, the “middle class” that most journalists define as “the opposition” was always tiny, and the country's economic crisis has depleted it even further. It surely is far smaller than the 50 percent of the population that does not support the government. This means that the government's many opponents include millions of the poor that Maduro claims to represent. (Disclosure: I served as Venezuela's minister of trade and industry and director of its Central Bank from 1989-1990.)
This is the half of the country whose sons and daughters have taken to the streets to protest against a repressive regime that treats them as mortal enemies. And maybe they are. After all, they represent the vanguard of a society no longer willing to tolerate an abusive government with disastrous results to show for its 15-year grip on power: Venezuela is now the world champion of inflation, homicide, insecurity, and shortages of essential goods—from milk for children to insulin for diabetics and all kinds of indispensable products. All this despite having the greatest oil reserves in the world and a government with absolute control of all state institutions and levers of power. Sadly, that government has used its immense wealth and authority to push through unsustainable populist policies, buy votes, jail opposition leaders, and shut down television channels. Daily shortages of basic goods, fear of crime, and hopelessness have become unbearable.
Hugo Chávez based his popularity on his extraordinary charisma, lots of discretionary money, and a key and well-tested political message: denouncing the past and promising a better future for all.
The country's widespread student protests now symbolize the demise of this message. Venezuelans younger than 30 years of age (the majority of the population) have not known any government other than that of Chávez or Maduro. For them, "Chavismo" is the past. As for the promises of a better future: The results are in. The catastrophic consequences of Chávez's 21st Century Socialism are impossible to mask any longer and the government has run out of excuses. Blaming the CIA, the “fascist opposition,” or “dark international forces,” as Maduro and his allies customarily do, has become fodder for parodies flooding YouTube. The concrete effects of 15 years of Chavismo are all too visible in empty shelves and overflowing morgues. The youth who are continuing to protest in almost all of Venezuela's large cities, risking brutal beatings, savage torture, and death, are convinced that they will not have a better future unless the policies to which this government is strongly committed are changed. And the only government promise they believe is its pledge to stay the course regardless of results or what its opponents say.
The struggles and sacrifices of Venezuela's young people could have surprising and unintended consequences beyond their nation. To confront Maduro's government is to simultaneously confront Cuba's grotesque influence in Venezuela. Absent the massive economic aid that the Venezuelan regime has been giving Cuba, the island's precarious economy would have already collapsed—and it yet might with any reduction in this support. Such an economic collapse could accelerate the political change that sooner or later will take place in Cuba. It is only natural, then, that for the ruling elite in Havana no other goal is more critical than ensuring the continuity of Venezuela's economic lifeline. Over its many decades in power, the Cuban government has perfected the art of successfully running a repressive police state. Additionally, the Cuban intelligence services—the fabled G2—has a long history of intervening in Latin American countries, and in politically manipulating and physically or morally “neutralizing” its opponents. It is not hard to imagine that these skills, methods, and capabilities have been put at the service of the nation's top priority: securing a friendly government in Venezuela.
The Washington Senate passed a bill that seeks a legal fix to charter schools after a state Supreme Court ruling that found the system unconstitutional.
OLYMPIA — The Washington Senate moved quickly Wednesday to pass a bill that seeks a legal fix for the state's charter schools in light of a state Supreme Court ruling that found the system unconstitutional.
Senate Bill 6194 was approved on a 27-20 vote, and the measure now heads to the House. The bill mirrors the voter-approved 2012 initiative that created charter schools, with a change in the way they are financed.
The bill would fund charter schools through the state's Opportunity Pathways Account, which has revenue from the state lottery. The charter system previously received money from the same source as traditional public schools, but the Supreme Court ruled that arrangement unconstitutional last fall.
In striking down the law, the high court took issue with charter schools being supported from the state's general fund but governed by a board not elected by residents. The court said charter schools do not qualify as common schools under Washington's Constitution and cannot get public funding intended for those traditional public schools.
Sen. Steve Litzow, R-Mercer Island, said the bill agrees that the charter schools aren't common schools and wouldn't pay for them out of the general fund. Instead, he said, they would be considered uncommon schools getting money from the lottery account, which is not restricted to common schools.
“We believe this meets the needs of the children,” he said.
But opponents of the measure argued that constitutional questions would still remain even if the bill were enacted. After the vote, Sen. Andy Billig, D-Spokane, said money is just being shifted around and that ultimately the court will still take issue with the funding structure.
Litzow disagreed, saying the lottery money was a wholly separate fund, and that he's confident the measure would hold up in court.
Washington has eight open charter schools. The ninth school switched back to being a private school after the Supreme Court ruling. The eight schools will remain open through at least the end of the school year.
Sen. Pramila Jayapal, D-Seattle, argued that the Legislature shouldn't be addressing charter schools while the state remains under a contempt order from the state Supreme Court, which is not happy with the Legislature's progress on another matter. In its 2012 ruling, known as the McCleary case, the court said the state was not meeting its paramount duty to fully fund basic education.
“There is a systematic disinvestment in our public-school system in this state,” she said. “We can't substitute a solution on 1,200 kids in charter schools when we have not even begun to have a real discussion in this body about how we address the million kids around the state.”
During debate on the floor, Sen. Bruce Dammeier, R-Puyallup, cited testimony lawmakers heard from charter-school students during public hearings on the bill. He noted many of those enrolled in charters are disadvantaged students who are doing better after having trouble in traditional schools.
“We cannot turn our back on these children when they are getting a successful education,” he said.
Ald. Gilbert Villegas talks with residents at Word of Life Church of God Thursday evening. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Jamie Nesbitt Golden
GALEWOOD — Fifteen months into his first term as alderman of the 36th Ward, an enthusiastic Gilbert Villegas addressed a sparse crowd of constituents Thursday evening, sharing his office's current accomplishments, future plans for the recently redrawn ward and a vision for the city itself.
Speaking in the modest sanctuary of Word of Life Church of God, 2254 N. Naragansett Ave., Villegas pushed for a stronger connection between residents and police officers, encouraging those in attendance to put "We Call Police" posters in their windows.
"We want the police to know that we will call them," said Villegas, who recently met with Chicago Police Supt. Eddie Johnson to increase the number of police patrolling underserved neighborhoods within the ward.
So far, Johnson has added several new officers to the 16th District but has yet to fulfill his promise to add more police to the 25th District. Villegas is certain that Johnson will keep his word.
"I'm sure we'll have more officers in that district by the end of the year," said Villegas.
Villegas also expressed his desire to work with other alderman to combat citywide violence, mentioning that he's consulted officials in major cities like Los Angeles and New York about best practices.
"I was born and raised here, and I have two sons," said the former marine. "Of course I care about what's happening in other neighborhoods. We as a City Council have to do something."
The 36th Ward includes parts of Belmont Cragin, Portage Park, Dunning, Montclare and Galewood.
He relayed news of a grand opening later this month of Gordon Food Service at 6431 N. Fullerton Ave. The site is a former Office Depot.
While Villegas is worried that some of his colleagues are more concerned with maintaining the status quo, he hopes to reach those willing to do the work of "revitalizing communities."
Noting the success of his Participatory Budgeting initiative, in which residents were allowed to vote on where to spend the $1.32 million allocated in aldermanic funds each year, Villegas announced his plan to bring it back in 2017.
This year, 792 constituents participated in the system — which has gotten international attention. They voted to spend the bulk of the money on infrastructure projects, including street resurfacing and the renovation of Locke Elementary's school field. Other funded projects included the crosswalk at Belmont and Natchez, the Prosser Community Garden, and Trees for the Parks.
Also in the offing is a plan for a county-funded health clinic on a parcel of land adjacent to Hanson Park Elementary, 5411 W. Fullerton Ave. With an assist from state Rep. Luis Arroyo (3rd), Villegas plans to offer health services to 5,000 children and teens in the area. Chicago Public Schools recently approved the use of the land, said Villegas, and now the project has two more rounds of meetings before construction can begin.
"It's been interesting," Villegas said of his first year in City Hall. "It's a lot like high school. People can be cliquish. But I was elected to do a job and I'm going to do it."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
“Do I have what it takes to get an MBA degree?”
It's a question many young professionals ask themselves a few years into their careers. Although increasingly becoming the Mecca of the young, global professional, let's just say that Business School is not everyone's cup of tea.
While bschools wave the diversity flag, it still takes a specific type of person to get in and get through.
One way to find out whether you qualify for this rigorous program is to look at what BSchools want to see in applicants. The official MBA websites of universities have all this information. But in the name of glitzy marketing and image building, many of them make the content pretty difficult for the regular applicant to grasp.
Let's see if we can simply it.
What you need to keep in mind here is that the basic criteria do not vary across business schools; only the standards do, depending on whether you plan to apply to the ‘top three', ‘elite eight', ‘sweet sixteen' or ‘rest of the best'.
Doesn't sound intuitive?
Consider this. A top-10 MBA college and a top-30 university would both say on their websites that they expect a ‘competitive GMAT score‘.
You won't hear any reputed MBA college saying:
“Despite our earnest attempts at gaming the MBA rankings, we are still low ranked. And we know you haven't won any Nobel prize either. So in the interest of our financial well-being and your lust for a foreign degree, we'll accept a low GMAT score from you.“
While that may be exactly what they do in reality to stay in business. Look at the average GMAT scores they publish and you'll know what the acceptable standards are. Ditto for other aspects they evaluate to select students.
Alright, point made. Let's go deeper now into what MBA colleges want to see in the application.
What the top business schools want
Here's a look at what the Admission Committees (Adcoms) at the top MBA colleges are looking for:
1. Good Test Scores
Superior intellectual ability and academic excellence are the most basic criteria for admission to the top B Schools, and these are judged by your GPA, course selection in college (if you have had the flexibility) and GMAT / TOEFL / IELTS scores.
But there is much more to an individual than their test scores, and a good business schools recognise that. They love creative problem-solvers who think out of the box, and these qualities will reflect in your track record, essay and interview.
Adcoms also want to see evidence of adequate quantitative ability and how comfortable you are crunching numbers. More so when you come from a non-quantitative background (like Arts, Medicine, Army, family business etc).
For a more holistic look, they will look at your grades and for attempts to strengthen vulnerable areas. Did you take extra classes to up your performance in subjects that dragged your grades down? Or did you take any courses (like MOOCs) to broaden your knowledge base? The point is, B-Schools prefer applicants who are well-rounded.
2. Leadership Qualities
Yes, there's the ‘L' word again! Well, we have just one thing to say – get used to it. Sure, not every MBA grad has emerged as a leader in their field but if you're aiming to get into the top B Schools, then ‘leadership' is a crucial box to check.
These elite institutions want to make sure they are investing in a candidate who will go out and make a difference, and you will have to demonstrate leadership potential either in your academic life or your work experience or elsewhere.
For instance, the application reviewer would want to know whether you are eager to shoulder new responsibilities at work, or whether you are the go-to person for both management and your peers. They also want to know whether you were a student leader in college or on the managing committee of, say, a cultural festival, or whether you played a key role in a fund-raiser.
Adcoms look for evidence that you have managed people and resources effectively, are adept at conflict-resolution and can work well under pressure.
B-schools love applicants who can seize the moment and carry a team with them. The assumption is you will continue to demonstrate these qualities after you graduate.
3. Work Experience
Unlike B-Schools in India that accept applicants straight out of college, international MBA colleges insist on some work experience; four to five years is ideal.
More than your career choice per se, they will assess you on how you have progressed within your career path vis-à-vis yourself before you are judged against other candidates, that is, whether your career path reflects a consistent upward graph.
Also, are you moving up faster your peers? If you're in an unconventional career, take the trouble to put your work in context. Help the reviewer understand what the standards are within your industry and, more specifically, your particular company.
Adcoms are always looking for candidates who go beyond their job description, are involved in team-leading and managerial tasks, who proactively seek out opportunities for growth within the organisation, and who can see the bigger picture even at junior levels. Even volunteer commitment is a plus as it is indicative of your drive.
4. Clear Career Goals
If there's one thing B-Schools definitely don't like, it's an applicant who is clueless about where they are headed. They do not want to invest in someone who will not put their program to good use.
Even if they don't expect you to roll out a flawless roadmap during your interview, they expect you to, at least, have a few career choices in mind.
Will your MBA degree be a stepping stone to better managerial or leadership roles within your career? Or will a degree help you switch careers?
Alternatively, are you a budding entrepreneur and believe that an MBA degree is a stepping stone to realising this dream?
Since most applicants already have some work experience, they are expected to exhibit some maturity about the direction they want their careers to take. Having a few well-researched options is good, being clueless is not.
5. Social Involvement
Giving your work one hundred percent is extremely desirable but if you passionately pursue activities outside your work environment, you have an edge.
Of course, we don't mean simple hobbies like hiking or playing the violin, but, let's say, you consistently engage in green initiatives or are a music coach for children, that definitely counts.
Adcoms want to know what you do outside work, whether you believe in giving back to your community and whether you have a well-rounded personality. They need to know what excites you and what you are passionate about, other than work.
So, if you are part of a community initiative, part of a Big Brother programme, or part of political campaigns and rallies, it is important that you highlight these engagements in your essay and interview.
If work is to demanding to leave any time for personal pursuits, then adcoms will look for such engagements within your work environment, like CSR initiatives. They will also want to know what role you played in the initiative and whether you made a difference.
6. A ‘Fit' With The Program
Wanting to get into a specific B School, even if you have the scores, is one thing; the other half of the equation is whether the B School wants you!
While all programs may appear similar on their websites, each one has a ‘personality'. Showing compatibility with the school and university culture is very important.
Admission officers want to see whether the applicant has done enough research about the management college to know what they want to take away from it and give back to the community. Good test scores can get you only this far.
7. Solid Communication Skills
More than any other degree in the world, as an MBA student you'd be expected not just to be good at what you do, but to also ‘show' that you are good. Many Indian professionals do ok with the former, but they suck at the latter.
You'll find many instances in your office where brilliant employees doing phenomenal work are stuck in their cubicle for years.
At Harvard, class participation makes up for upto 50% of the overall grade. The admissions office wouldn't want to fill the class with brilliant students who can't make a pitch for their ideas and opinions.
The filtering for such candidates starts at the application stage. If you can't do an impressive job with your application (where you've had so much time to prepare), admission officers won't be convinced that you are ready for the big league.
Your essays and interviews are your best bets to demonstrate your communication skills and put in a strong case.
Now that we've covered the main criteria that will define the destiny of your application during the screening and admission process, a word of practical advice – make sure your application is absolutely complete when you submit it.
Provide all the details sought in the application form. Make sure there are no omissions, no unnecessary additions, and no deferred submissions like GMAT scores, recommendations and transcripts.
If that happens, your application will not be looked at for several weeks by the adcom, during which time you will be spending time communicating with someone from operations. Definitely not a good first impression.
Take care of these points to improve your chances of getting selected by your dream college.
We interact with the top admission officers of the elite programs. Here are some of the interviews we've published:
Q&A with the top bschool admission officers.
Send us an email if you'd like some professional help with your applications: info [at] mbacrystalball [dot] com
Read these related posts:
– How to plan your MBA Application Timeline
– What is most important in MBA applications?
– How to get into Harvard Business School
– How to get into the Stanford MBA program
– How this Electrical Engineering graduate got into UCLA MBA with a $60k Scholarship
Image Source: The Telegraph
Though capitalism and corporate greed have infected much of Toronto since the late 19th century, its most virulent form, "Austerity" has only recently turned in to a a pan-damn-emic.
"Most Torontonians are sick and could use a day off" explained Lana Goldberg of Occupy Toronto. "People are suffering with Harperitis and have serious headaches from Fordotrophy, which makes it really hard to work and make a living. They should call in sick on May 1st and come to the rally and march. A nice day in the sun will help."
Sunlight is the primary source of vitamin D for people in North America, which is necessary for healthy living and good for one's skin. Sunlight also increases serotonin, and balances the body's circadian rhythm.
"Though sunlight is a temporary cure for our current maladies, a good dose of protest could really help people recover," added Yogi Acharya of No One Is Illegal - Toronto, who has been organizing May Day demonstrations in Toronto since 2006. "The Spring season in 2011 saw a surprising break-through in many parts of the world against these illnesses - we are hoping that Spring 2012 will be similar in Toronto."
Local Craft Beer
Local craft beers on tap at Wish You Were Beer Bottleshop & Taproom in Madison, Ala. (Bob Gathany /bgathany@AL.com)
(Bob Gathany)
I share somewhat a common bond with craft brewers, if only by distant relations. Family lore has it that a great uncle had something of a taste for adult beverage that was, shall we say, inhibited by certain governmental regulations of the day.
My great uncle built a contraption underneath my grandparents' porch to enable him to quench his thirst. All was well and good -- until the fateful day when his still blew up and took my grandfather's porch with it.
AL.com Opinion
About the writer
Read more
So I can appreciate the brewers' plight and progress.
The most remarkable thing about the success of craft brewing in Alabama may well be the Mt. Everest of legal restrictions initially stacked up against it, just like my poor great uncle faced.
There is a law saying no brewery may open in a county if that county didn't allow brewing for public consumption before Prohibition.
Sip on that a second.
The mountain isn't quite down to speed-bump size yet, but it's shrinking.
That's been made easier by the "Free The Hops" movement that made inroads in at the state capitol in Montgomery. The organization began in 2004, became incorporated three years later and by 2009 began winning some battles in the legislature. First, a law permitting "higher gravity" beer - that's brew-phemism for "gets you a buzz more quickly" - and another for larger containers. It won some privileges already afforded the wine and spirits industry.
When that happened, craft brewing mushroomed. It brought national fame to some of the state's craftsmen. It brought some more tax dollars into the state.
One more quest is left, says Carie Partain, vice president of Free the Hops.
"We want craft brewers to have the opportunity to sell small amount of product to go from their breweries, like wineries here and like brewers do everywhere else," Partain says. "It would be a great thing for consumers and certainly supports us."
Beyond that, Partain says there is a goal now to educate and inform, to tell consumers what beers should be served with what foods, etc.
Personally, a designer beer is fine every now and again. I'm slightly more refined than the college days of $4 12-packs of Old Milwaukee or lugging cases of Schlitz to the Talladega infield, but my fridge tends to house familiar standbys, those 12-ounce soldiers standing attention in brown and green bottles.
(Note to some craft-beer aficionados: Bring your nose down a little closer to perpendicular. Haughty cheap shots at regular beer and regular-beer drinkers earn you no friends. Do you go into Baskin-Robbins and chastise the guy ordering chocolate?)
That said, I appreciate the artistry of the industry and how Huntsville has been an incubator for microbreweries. With new properties being planned, the city is at least aiming for the hype of "Napa Valley of breweries" that accompanied the announcement of two breweries at the old Stone Middle School property.
Carry-out permission for those and all the state breweries would be an appropriate next step. It's never made much sense to me that in some places you can't buy a six-pack at a convenience store to take home to watch a game on Sunday - but you can go to a bar and order six beers.
Craft beers are typically more potent. They're not designed (or priced) for a-beer-for-every-touchdown consumption. Newbies in the craft beer world need to know that and the brew pubs must stay diligent in monitoring customers.
There's intrigue in what the craft beer industry is doing. There is need for more common-sense legislation. But the industry and the consumers must also recognize that with more freedom comes even greater responsibility. The whole thing blows up if they don't accept that seriously.
With FIFA's World Cup qualifying draw now firmly in the books, Nick Miller analyses the biggest early storylines on the three-year march toward Russia.
Is an 'easy' group good for England?
The last time England were involved in a draw for an international competition, FA chairman Greg Dyke drew a finger across his throat to signify that he wasn't, to say the least, too happy with how tough it would be. Not this time, though, with England getting just about the perfect draw, against a selection of perfectly beatable teams and, to ensure everyone retains a little interest in the whole affair and doesn't completely write it off as a formality, Scotland as well.
SPI simulations for 2018 World Cup qualifying Avg. Finish Win. Pct Runner-up. Pct WC Pct England 1.43 69.9% 20.2% 82.2% Slovakia 2.60 14.7% 34.8% 30.3% Slovenia 3.01 7.9% 23.1% 15.8% Scotland 3.07 7.6% 21.9% 15.4% Lithuania 5.10 0.0% 0.1% 0.0% Malta 5.79 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
To give an indication of how, on paper, straightforward this group should be, England haven't so much as ever drawn against Lithuania, Malta, Slovenia and Slovakia, in competitive fixtures or otherwise. And for all the talk that the trips to a few of those countries will be tricky, unless something appalling happens, it's tough to see the Three Lions doing anything but take maximum points from those games. Scotland will be a completely different matter of course, and not just because of the rivalry as Gordon Strachan builds an improving young side, but England will be strong favourites for a relatively straightforward progression.
The question then comes as to whether that's necessarily a good thing. England's recent history has been defined by straightforward qualification campaigns, followed by desperately disappointing showings at the finals once they actually get there. A common theory is that having not much opposition to speak of in the preliminaries softens England up, allowing them to coast through without ever actually having to up their game, thus leading to a succession of let-downs.
This looks to have happened again. While Roy Hodgson -- or whoever is in charge of England by the time qualification starts -- will no doubt be delighted with the relatively low standard of opposition, playing someone like Italy or France would at least have allowed them to have a more stringent test.
Roy Hodgson's England were handed a fairly straightforward path to the 2018 World Cup.
The Dutch could be in trouble
Of all the big boys, the Netherlands are arguably the most in danger. Of course, the problems caused by the brief second reign of Guus Hiddink, who stepped down after less than a year in charge at the end of June, may well have been solved by then, but this largely young team under Danny Blind is still finding its feet and could slip up.
SPI simulations for 2018 World Cup qualifying Avg. Finish Win. Pct Runner-up. Pct WC Pct France 1.51 56.4% 36.7% 82.3% Netherlands 1.73 40.1% 48.3% 72.0% Sweden 3.10 3.4% 13.3% 9.2% Bulgaria 4.34 0.01% 1.3% 0.4% Belarus 4.42 0.03% 0.7% 0.2% Luxembourg 5.89 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
They face France, Sweden, Bulgaria, Belarus and Luxembourg; a particularly spicy collection of opponents and, Luxembourg aside, all ones they have lost to in their last meetings against them. The most recent, against France, was particularly chastening as the French sashayed to a reasonably simple 2-0 victory thanks to some charitable defending from the Dutch in a friendly last March.
Perhaps that won't mean a great deal by the autumn of 2016 when these fixtures will actually take place, but it's tough to imagine that Blind -- or whoever is in charge by then -- will have an easy task in negotiating their way through such a tricky group.
Spain vs. Italy the headline encounter
Of course, France vs. the Netherlands features two giants of the European game, but the standout individual encounter surely comes in Group G, where the 2012 European Championship final will be reprised as Spain face Italy.
Spain and Italy's replay of the 2012 European Championship final is the highlight of UEFA's qualifying groups.
Both sides are in the middle of transitions of various degrees, and it wouldn't be a surprise if both teams have different head coaches to the current pair, Vicente del Bosque and Antonio Conte. However, this will still be a clash of gargantuan proportions, and given that the rest of the group -- which features Albania, Israel, Macedonia and Liechtenstein -- isn't anything to get people scared about, those two games will really matter, too.
SPI simulations for 2018 World Cup qualifying Avg. Finish Win. Pct Runner-up. Pct WC Pct Spain 1.22 80.7% 17.1% 92.1% Italy 2.09 17.2% 63.2% 50.2% Israel 3.58 1.1% 9.6% 3.0% Albania 3.73 0.9% 8.6% 3.5% FYR Macedonia 4.46 0.1% 1.5% 0.3% Liechtenstein 5.92 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
It's one of the benefits of this qualification format over the one currently in place for Euro 2016, wherein a big team can lose a few games and not sweat it massively, because they can finish third in a group and still qualify. In this one, you can finish second and not even get the consolation of a playoff place. This means the games in Spain and Italy will have real weight to them, and woe betide the team that loses out.
The flip side of that is that we may well have a World Cup without Spain or Italy, which in the modern era is unthinkable. The last time either didn't make the final tournament was in 1974, but it at least makes this qualification period pretty exciting.
The group of death
That said, the Dutch are not in the toughest European group. As it is compulsory in these scenarios, it's necessary to nominate a "group of death," and that title goes to Group I. While the current qualification process for the European Championships is of course rather easier than it has been in previous years, only one of the teams in Group I are out of contention, with Finland languishing in their group.
SPI simulations for 2018 World Cup qualifying Avg. Finish Win. Pct Runner-up. Pct WC Pct Croatia 1.70 56.8% 24.1% 70.0% Iceland 2.76 16.9% 27.4% 27.5% Ukraine 2.77 16.6% 26.8% 30.2% Turkey 3.22 9.1% 18.9% 16.3% Finland 4.55 0.6% 2.8% 1.2%
The rest -- Croatia, Iceland, Ukraine and Turkey -- are all competitive, and will all fancy their chances of making it through this rather more taxing qualification process. Indeed, perhaps it shouldn't be called the "group of death," more the most competitive group in the draw, but that of course isn't quite so catchy, so we'll stick with the pithy and eye-grabbing title for now.
Let's just say that the rest of the teams in Pot One will be delighted that they didn't land this one. Keep your eyes on Group I for a fearsome scrap to make Russia 2018.
U.S., Mexico gets off lightly in CONCACAF
In the CONCACAF section, all eyes were on whom the two powers of the region to see who they would have to face. The USA drew a fairly straightforward Group C led by Trinidad and Tobago and a selection of teams to be named later. Mexico, though, could have a more difficult path through as they were paired with Honduras, who will be looking to bounce back from their desperately disappointing showing in the Gold Cup.
SPI simulations for 2018 World Cup qualifying Avg. Finish Avg. Pct GROUP A
Mexico
1.3
95.2% Honduras 2.7 46.2% Canada 2.7 41.4% El Salvador 3.3 17.3% GROUP B
Costa Rica
1.5
88.4% Panama 2.5 50.3% Jamaica 2.5 48.6% Haiti 3.5 12.7% GROUP C
United States
1.1
98.9% Trinidad & T 2.5 50.0% Guatemala 2.5 49.9% St Vincent & G 3.9 1.2%
But more intriguing than either regional heavyweight was the action in Group C, which includes World Cup 2014 darlings Costa Rica, Panama, Haiti and Jamaica. The Jamaicans face off against Mexico in the Gold Cup final on Sunday, while Panama and Costa Rica each fell to eventual finalists Mexico by means of dubious decisions in favour of El Tri.
Nick Miller is a writer for ESPN FC, covering Premier League and European football. Follow him on Twitter @NickMiller79.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 18, 2017, 8:12 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 19, 2017, 12:55 AM GMT By Alex Seitz-Wald
WASHINGTON — Roy Moore, the Republican front-runner in next week's special Senate election in Alabama, referred to "reds and yellows fighting" in a campaign speech, a video shows.
Moore, the ultra-conservative former chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, lamented racial divisions in his remarks on Sunday.
"We have blacks and whites fighting, reds and yellows fighting, Democrats and Republicans fighting, men and women fighting," he said.
"Red" and "yellow" are widely recognized as racial slurs.
Video of Moore's speech was made public by a Republican tracking the race and first reported by The Hill. NBC News also obtained the video.
Responding to criticism about his remarks on Facebook late Monday, Moore quoted the popular Bible school song, “Jesus Loves the Little Children," written in the 1800's.
"Red, yellow, black and white they are precious in His sight. Jesus loves the little children of the world. This is the Gospel. If we take it seriously, America can once again be united as one nation under God," Moore said.
Polls show Moore leading Sen. Luther Strange, the Republican appointed to the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions this year, in Tuesday's Republican primary runoff. Moore and Strange will hold their first debate Thursday.
The general election will not take place until December, but given Alabama's conservative lean, the winner on Tuesday is expected to become the state's next senator.
President Donald Trump is supporting Strange and will campaign for him on Saturday, though many conservative figures have lined up behind Moore, who is running as an anti-establishment firebrand.
Moore, who has suggested that the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks were punishment from God, often mixes religion and politics.
He was removed from the state's top judicial post twice for doing so — the first time for refusing to remove a statue of the Ten Commandments he had installed on state property, and the second time for refusing to follow the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling allowing same-sex marriage.
John Rosman/OPB
Oregon's recreational marijuana industry hit a milestone this month.
About 90 days into the legal sale of recreational marijuana, Jan. 4 marked the first time people could officially apply for licenses to operate recreational businesses in Oregon. And more changes are on the way.
By the end of the year, Oregon's cannabis industry will look a lot different from what we currently have.
When will new recreational retail marijuana stores be open?
Although the state is accepting business license applications, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission — which will oversee the state's recreational marijuana business solely starting in January 2017 — doesn't plan to approve any of the retail store applications until at least the fourth quarter of 2016.
“Around October is what we're projecting,” said OLCC spokesperson Mark Pettinger. Pettinger said the OLCC's priority right now is licensing outdoor marijuana growers.
“The idea right now is to focus on the outdoor grow applicants because they'll need to get the crops in the ground soon. As opposed to indoor grow operations, which are going to have multiple cycles to grow throughout the year,” he said.
No doubt the regulators in Oregon learned from the roll-out of recreational cannabis in Washington, which was hamstrung by short supply in the early months.
After getting the growers licensed, Oregon plans to license laboratories, processors, wholesalers, and — lastly — retailers.
Until retail marijuana stores do open, licensed medical marijuana stores in Oregon can continue to sell recreational marijuana products — but only until Dec. 31. On Jan. 1, 2017, medical stores will no longer be able to conduct recreational sales.
Can recreational stores now sell edibles, oils, etc.?
Technically, yes.
Recreational stores will be able to sell the same types of products currently sold at medical marijuana dispensaries when the former begin opening later this year.
Bryan M. Vance/OPB
One key difference in the medical and recreational system, however, is that recreational stores won't have products at the same dosage levels. Medical marijuana dispensaries can provide higher potency products to patients because of their medicinal needs.
And even though the recreational stores can technically sell products like edibles, creating labeling standards could delay those products from Oregon's retail shelves until sometime in 2017.
The OLCC is still working on those standards, in conjunction with the Oregon Health Authority, which will determine dosage levels for different marijuana products.
Will medical marijuana dispensaries still be allowed to conduct recreational use sales?
Yes, for now. The Oregon Health Authority is overseeing the state's early adoption of recreational marijuana sales, allowing medical dispensaries to conduct sales through Dec. 31. At that point, however, medical dispensaries will no longer be able to conduct recreational sales.
Can a medical marijuana license holder also hold a license for recreational marijuana growing, production or sales?
With the OLCC taking complete control of recreational cannabis regulation Jan. 1 this year, it's likely going to force many consumers to visit new shops.
That said, you may still be able to shop for your recreational marijuana from the same company that ran the dispensary you were buying from, so long as the recreational and medical stores operate completely separate from one another.
Ryan Kang/AP
“You can't have a one-size-fits-all in the sense that you've got one place that's serving medical and is serving recreationally,” Pettinger said. “It has to be one or the other.”
Basically, business need two different store fronts for two different products. Things are slightly different for growers.
There are two ways a medical marijuana grower can produce for the recreational market. One way would be to simply surrender the medical growing license and apply for a recreational license. Alternatively, if a medical growing operation can get permission from the cardholders it serves, it could sell excess product to the recreational marijuana industry.
“The requirement, though, is that they be a part of that cannabis tracking system. So right now, the medical marijuana market does not have that requirement and that's not a requirement from the OHA,” Pettinger said.
What else changed about Oregon's recreational marijuana sales on Jan. 4?
The tax holiday is over. That's the only thing that actually changed for consumers on Jan. 4. The rest of the changes won't start to impact consumers until later this year. Since recreational marijuana sales became legal in Oregon on Oct. 1, 2015, they've been tax free.
I have to pay a sales tax? How much?
Yep, even though Oregon doesn't have a general sales tax, it does impose a 25 percent sales tax on recreational marijuana sales at medical dispensaries as of Jan. 4.
“Dispensaries can set whatever price they choose for their products, but the price must be set up front and the law requires consumers be issued a receipt showing the price and tax they're paying,” said John Galvin, manager of the Marijuana Tax Program.
The first weeks of that tax haven't been entirely smooth.
As the Oregon Department of Revenue has noted, medical dispensaries must register a tax with the department before remitting payments or filing returns. As of early January, less than half of the 284 medical dispensaries selling recreational products have registered.
John Rosman/OPB
The 25 percent tax isn't permanent, however. When OLCC-licensed recreational marijuana stores begin to open later this year, they'll drop the charge to a 17 percent state sales tax, with local municipalities able to tack on up to an additional 3 percent — bringing the maximum to 20 percent.
Comparatively, retail consumers pay a 37 percent sales tax on recreational marijuana purchases in Washington state. In Colorado, recreational marijuana purchases are subjected to a 10 percent state marijuana tax on top of the 2.9 percent state sales tax. Local municipalities can also add on sales taxes in Colorado.
What's Oregon doing with all that tax money?
Initially, the tax revenue collected from retail sales will go to cover the Oregon Department of Revenue's costs to collect the new tax. Then some of it will go to pay for OLCC's costs associated with launching the recreational marijuana program.
But once those payoffs are complete, the Oregon Department of Revenue says the sales tax revenue will be dispersed in the following way:
40 percent will go to Oregon's Common School Fund
20 percent will go to Oregon's Mental Health Alcoholism and Drug Services Account
15 percent will go to Oregon State Police
10 percent will go to participating cities' law enforcement offices
10 percent will go to participating counties' law enforcement offices
5 percent will go to the Oregon Health Authority for alcohol and drug abuse prevention, early intervention and treatment services
How will the OLCC make sure the marijuana doesn't wind up in the hands of criminals?
A concern for some recreational marijuana opponents has been how the state will keep criminals from profiting from legalization.
To help prevent marijuana or marijuana profits from falling into the wrong hands, the OLCC will require all recreational marijuana plants and products to be tracked from seed-to-sale using a cannabis tracking system.
Basically, when plants are immature clones, they're associated with an RFID tag that will stick with that plant through the entire process.
“Let's say the product from one plant is then turned into an extract, which is then turned into an edible, which then becomes a cannabis chocolate bar, which then gets packaged into a lot of 10 bars in a case, which gets shipped to two or three different stores,” Pettinger said. “That product is tracked at every step along the way.”
Another benefit of the tracking system is it allows the industry to easily know where products came from if a recall occurs.
What if my city/county is dry?
Although the state did legalize the use and sale of recreational marijuana, it gave local communities the opportunity to ban sales and production. So far, 89 cities and counties have opted to prohibit either the production, processing, wholesaling or retail sales of recreational marijuana. Some communities will have a chance to challenge those decisions on the ballot. That said, if your city or county does opt to prohibit recreational marijuana, it won't get a share of tax revenue.
For some perspective on the potential returns, Washington state brought in more than $67 million in tax revenue from recreational marijuana in its first year of operation. Comparatively, Colorado brought in almost $70 million in revenue from marijuana taxes during the first fiscal year of legalization, according to TIME.
For more information about Oregon's recreational marijuana industry, check out the state's recreational marijuana FAQs.
John McCain is desperate to talk about the surge rather than the splurge. His Iraq war is set to cost one trillion dollars, and his deregulation-mania has cost hundreds of billions. So in order to maintain his façade of being "tough on spending", he needs to shift the subject. That's why he has tried to shrink the debate about the Iraq War to one small question. Not: did Saddam have Weapons of Mass Destruction? Not: did Saddam have links to 9/11? Not: why do 70 percent of Iraqis think the presence of US troops make them less safe and they should go home now?
McCain knows he will lose those arguments, so he wants us to talk solely about whether the surge of US troops last year has been successful. But a hole was just blown in that argument - and blood is rushing through.
Those of us who got Iraq wrong have a particular duty to honestly describe what is happening now. A major study by the distinguished scientific journal 'Environment and Planning A' this week has revealed the real picture. The Republican nominee claims the US troops have stopped the violence by their physical presence. To test this, Professor John Agnew and his colleagues used the same techniques the US government has adopted to monitor ethnic cleansing in Burma and Uganda.
Here's how it works. When an entire ethnic or religious group is driven out, they abandon their houses - and they aren't there to switch on the lights. Their areas become much darker. If satellite images show night-light remains the same in the areas dominated by one ethnic group but significantly falls in mixed areas, you know ethnic cleansing is happening.
So what happened in Iraq? Before, during and after the surge, the areas that had always been Sunni and the areas that had always been Shia were brighter than ever. But in the vast mixed areas, half or more of the lights went out in the six months leading up to the surge. They then stabilised in half-darkness. By the time the US troops arrived, there were no more mixed areas left. The easy pickings - the Shia who lived next door, or the Sunni who lived up the road - had all been attacked already. Sunni and Shia weren't killing each other any more because they had retreated into vast enclaves, cleansed and armed, surrounded by barriers manned by militias. Four million people had been driven from their homes.
Professor Agnew explains: "Our findings suggest the surge has had no observable effect, except insofar as it has helped to provide a seal of approval for the process of ethno-sectarian neighbourhood homogenization that is now largely achieved." The new US troops have simply built concrete walls between the newly-cleansed areas.
This study is a bleak vindication of my extraordinary colleague Patrick Cockburn, who has been almost alone in telling the human story of the cleansing. Here is one example. In May 2006, four gunmen turned up at the house of Leila Mohammed, a pregnant mother of three children in north-east of Baghdad. "Be gone by evening prayers or we will kill you," they said. She was a Shia in a Sunni neighbourhood, so she had to run, or die. "Later I went back to try to get our furniture but there was too much shooting and I was trapped in our house," Leila said. "I came away with nothing." Now imagine millions of Leilas, and you have much of Iraq today.
Those who try to get past the checkpoints and walls to their old neighbourhoods find that the intercommunal hatred has not been soothed. Cockburn gives one typical example: "When one couple, both Shia, went last month to visit the house from which they had fled in the Sunni al-Makanik district of Dora in south Baghdad, they were immediately shot dead and their driver beheaded."
Yet Obama has failed to properly challenge this propaganda-surge about the surge. Instead, he echoes the McCain line that "the surge has succeeded beyond our wildest dreams", and swiftly shifts the conversation back to the terrible decision to invade in the first place. He has evidently concluded that this case is too complex and too easily attacked with the ludicrous charge that he is "criticising the troops." So John McCain is getting away with braying about the "great success" of wrapping one of the worst programmes of ethnic cleansing of our time in towering concrete walls of reinforcement.
Today's far-right parties in Europe, such as the National Front in France and the Party for Freedom in Holland, are surging in popularity and calling for legal bans on veils, mosques, minarets, sha'ria, and even the outright expulsion of Muslims from the continent. In short, the far-right perceives Muslims as "inassimilable" and their religion as "evil" and "backward."
Ironically, however, Muslims have a rich history of harmony, justice, and compassion for humanity. These historical facts raise the question of whether Europe's far-right parties should look to Muslim history for direction and guidance in their approach to handling minority communities.
Prophet Muhammad set the precedent for Muslims in regards to tolerance in the Constitution of Medina, one of history's first legal documents to safeguard human rights. Also called the Medina Charter, Prophet Muhammad's Constitution provided equal rights to non-Muslims living under an Islamic government around the year 622. According to the Constitution, "Strangers" in Muhammad's Muslim society were to be treated with special consideration and "on the same ground as [Muslims]."
Six years after creating the Medina Constitution, Muhammad sent a letter to Christian monks at St. Catherine's in the Sinai, Egypt, to show his desire to protect vulnerable religious communities. In the letter, Muhammad offered the Christians peace and called on his fellow Muslims to "defend [Christians], because Christians are my citizens." Muhammad's letter to the Christian monks also includes advice on how Christian judges are not to be removed from their offices, nor are the monks to be forced out of their monasteries. "No one is to destroy a house of their religion," Muhammad stated, "or to carry anything from it to the Muslims' houses." He added: "Their churches are to be respected. They are neither to be prevented from repairing them nor the sacredness of their covenants."
On Mount Arafat in 632 AD, Muhammad left another "charter" for human rights. In his "Final Sermon," he claimed that "an Arab has no superiority over a non-Arab, nor a non-Arab has any superiority over an Arab... a white person has no superiority over black nor does a black have any superiority over white except by piety and good action." The Final Sermon shows how Muhammad had great care for all people, regardless of their ethnic composition, and that diversity should be celebrated instead of eradicated from society.
Other Muslims leaders, such as Caliph Umar, advised his predecessors "to treat ahl al-dhimmah (Jews and Christians) well, to defend them against their enemies and not burden them with more than they can bear." Umar also stated: "Treat all people as equal... I advise you not to let yourself or anyone else does wrong to ahl al-dhimmah." Umar was following in Muhammad's footsteps in treating Jews and Christians as equal to Muslims.
Abu Bakr, one of Muhammad's trusted advisors, is also on record stating that "the most important foundation of a truly Muslim country is justice and equality for all. In fact, a country that is bereft of justice and equality, though it may be inhabited by Muslims, is not really a Muslim country at all."
Another Muslim leader, Akbar the Great of the Mughal Empire, would echo Muhammad, Umar, and Abu Bakr's message of tolerance and harmony centuries later. Upon assuming power, Akbar ended the jizya, or poll tax, on non-Muslims and invited people of all religious backgrounds to his court to engage in interfaith dialogue.
Moreover, Akbar had tremendous respect for Christianity, visible in the Buland Darwaze, a large gate-structure at the city of Fatehpur Sikri, on which he had transcribed the Qur'anic inscription: "Isa [Jesus], son of Mary, said: This world is a bridge. Pass over it, but build no houses on it. He who hopes for an hour may hope for eternity. The world endures but an hour. Spend it in prayer, for the rest is unseen." Rumi, the famous Sufi poet of the 13th century, also revered Jesus and extended his hand in friendship to non-Muslims. Rumi's most powerful words echo love and peace to all regardless of ethnic background:
I am neither Christian, nor Jewish, nor Muslim
I am not of the east, nor of the west...
I have put duality away, I have seen the two worlds as one;
One I seek, One I know, One I see, One I call
(Divan-i Sham-i Tabriz, II)
Members of Europe's far-right parties can look to these great Muslim leaders for guidance in how to treat Muslims in their societies. However, Europeans today can also look to the example on their continent - Muslim Spain, between the 8th and 15th centuries - when Muslims ruled a diverse society of Jews and Christians in a relative state of harmony, which was utterly unthinkable in other Christian European cities such as London or Paris.
CINCINNATI (WKRC) - One of the white supremacy groups President Trump condemned has its roots here in Cincinnati.
Local 12's Duane Pohlman has been investigating that group and its leader for months.
His name is Matthew Heimbach and he is part of a growing number of millennials who are now fueling the white supremacy movement.
On Monday, Heimbach put himself front and center, pushing back against the media.
And he's claiming victory in Charlottesville.
"The nationalist community defended ourselves against thugs,” said Heimbach.
Just two days after the carnage in Charlottesville, Matthew Heimbach, who once called Cincinnati home, stood at the police station there and lectured anyone who would listen.
"We defended ourselves. We brought helmets and shields, while the enemy brought improvised flamethrowers, while they brought bleach, while they brought paint, while they brought sticks, while they brought knives,” said Heimbach.
But "who" is Matthew Heimbach? Duane Pohlman found out months ago during an interview in his new hometown of Paoli, Indiana.
Pohlman: "Hitler?"
Heimbach: "Good guy."
Pohlman: "Good guy?"
Heimbach: "Good guy!"
Heimbach is one of a growing number of millennials that are now spearheading white supremacy movements.
He founded the “Traditionalist Worker Party” and its youth outreach arm the “Traditionalist Youth Network, which both have a goal of a whites-only state.
Pohlman: "So, you set aside area for people, based on race?"
Heimbach: "Yeah. To be able to opt out of the system.”
Heimbach says they're not.
Pohlman: "It's not a hate group?"
Heimbach: "Right."
Pohlman: "You don't hate anybody?"
Heimbach, "Nope. It's a love group."
Heimbach, who's from Maryland, called Cincinnati home for more than a year until 2015, disrupting press conferences and leading rallies, including a protest of the 4th of July beating of a white man at Government Square.
Pohlman: “You're still involved in Cincinnati?”
Heimbach: “Yep. I actually have an active party chapter in Cincinnati.”
On Monday night, Duane Pohlman caught up with Heimbach on Skype from Charlottesville.
Duane: “Everyone is condemning the hate groups supremacists such as yourself. They're saying you are the cause of what happened in Charlottesville. Are you?
Heimbach: “There would have been no violence if the left had simply gotten a permit in another park to protest.”
Pohlman: “Did you commit violence? Of course we didn't commit violence. Anything that happened was self-defense.
And that includes, Heimbach says, that moment when James Fields, Jr. allegedly plowed into a crowd of counter-protestors.
“If his vehicle was attacked and he feared for his life that is an entirely separate situation,” said Heimbach.
Despite the violence, Heimbach says white supremacists are ready for more.
Pohlman: “Has this emboldened or has this caused pause for the members?”
Heimbach: “Oh! Absolutely, we're moving forward. This was a stunning victory for us. We achieved all of our objectives.”
Heimbach says that he and other white supremacists are considering going to Lexington, Kentucky next to protest the removal of two confederate statues.
As Heimbach says, his group and many others are organized and mobilized and are ready to fight.
Aug 16, 2013; Boston, MA, USA; Shogun Rua flexes during the weigh-in for his UFC fight at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: Winslow Townson-USA TODAY Sports
This Sunday, UFC Fight Night 38 will deliver a colossal rematch between two of the biggest legends in the sport of MMA. Former two division Pride champion, Dan Henderson, will take on former UFC Light Heavyweight champion, Mauricio Shogun Rua, in a rematch of their epic UFC 139 collision. That night Henderson walked away with the unanimous decision victory in a hard fought battle.
In a recent interview with MMAjunkie, Shogun explained that he is happy that their first fight is going down in the history books, but he wants a win this Sunday by any means necessary:
I get very happy to know that my fight with him is going down in the history books, written as one of the best ever. It's a rewarding feeling. but I don't really think of it any other way. It's just satisfying to know that we did something that people acknowledge and that was great, But we have to move on. It's a different fight. Obviously, I have big respect for Dan Henderson. He's a guy that hits hard and can do some damage. You've got to respect him. But I'm happy to have this chance because … I like challenges. Any way that I can come out with a win, I'm happy. Obviously, if I can win a fight that also pleases the fans, I'm even happier. But I'll take the win any way I can get it.
Shogun and Henderson will throw down tomorrow night in the main event of UFC Fight Night 38. Stick with FanSided as we will have around the clock coverage, starting with the UFC Fight Night 38 weigh-ins later tonight.
Kindle readers now have an extra reason to feel guilty about not finishing a book – putting the author out of pocket
Amazon will start paying some authors according to how many pages of their books are actually read, the company has announced.
The change will affect self-published writers who make their books available through Amazon's Kindle Owner's Lending Library and Kindle Unlimited services, which offer readers who subscribe to Amazon Prime a selection of free ebooks.
Amazon Kindle Voyage review: expensive but top quality e-reader Read more
Amazon says: “We're making this switch in response to great feedback we received from authors who asked us to better align payout with the length of books and how many customers read. Under the new payment method, you'll be paid for each page individual customers read of your book, the first time they read it.”
The author of a 100-page book will thus be paid half as much as the author of a 200-page book, assuming they have the same amount of readers who all finish the entire book. But if the readers give up halfway through the longer book, the two writers will receive the same payment at the end.
The total amount paid out to authors will remain the same, since Amazon funds its all-you-can-read services by setting a total fund and then dividing it up between authors proportionally. But the change serves to reward authors of long, engrossing books, while punishing those who write shorter books, or books that readers give up on.
A whale rescue expert says the area off southwestern Newfoundland where 30 or so white-beaked dolphins were spotted trapped in pack ice on the weekend is notorious for such strandings.
Wayne Ledwell, head of Whale Release and Strandings in Portugal Cove-St. Philip's, N.L., said the dolphins were first spotted Sunday night near Cape Ray. By late Monday afternoon, all but three of the mammals had died, the federal Department of Fisheries and Oceans said.
"It was expected because of the heavy ice pack and the strong winds that were forcing them on land," Ledwell said in an interview. "They can panic and die real quick when they're pushed onshore."
Story continues below advertisement
Ledwell said the ice in the area is three metres thick and jagged on both sides.
"The Gulf of St. Lawrence is chock-a-block with pack ice," he said. "That's a famous area for entrapment because of the pack ice and the way that the peninsula juts out."
White-beaked dolphins, which can weigh up to 300 kilograms, are usually among the first of whales, dolphins and porpoises to arrive in the waters around Newfoundland as spring approaches, Ledwell said.
As a result, they are also the ones most prone to getting trapped, he said, adding that a much smaller group was reported trapped offshore earlier this year.
"Mortality for them is very high," Ledwell said. "With ice conditions, it happens about once or twice a year — that we know of."
Successful rescues have been carried out in the past, with snowmobiles and pickups employed to move the trapped animals to open water.
But the strong winds and heavy ice reported Monday made such an operation almost impossible, Ledwell said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Larry Vaters, a spokesman for the federal Fisheries Department, agreed.
"Situations when marine animals become trapped in ice are very unfortunate, but do occur in the marine ecosystem — especially when ice conditions are extreme — and should be left to take their course in most circumstances," Vaters said in an e-mail.
"If DFO determines that a trained professional should attempt to assist a stranded marine animal, it is always undertaken with the utmost caution and with a full understanding of how the animals may respond when under stress."
Vaters said the dolphins likely died of internal injuries caused by ice pressure and suffocation under the ice.
Video footage taken by a resident and posted online shows the water tinged red with blood as the dolphins struggle to get free.
Ledwell said his records show more than 400 whales, dolphins and porpoises have been reported trapped in the ice since the 1970s.
Story continues below advertisement
The Fisheries Department said six blue whales — the largest animals on the planet at up to 30 metres long — were driven ashore by ice in 1987.
On April 26, the software that currently allows us to link Xbox Live and PlayStation Network accounts to our Battle.net service will be decommissioned. A small number of important changes will take place.
Support for transferring game saves from PlayStation 3 to Xbox One and from Xbox 360 to PlayStation 4 will no longer be available. Players who have already transferred these game saves will not lose them. Support will still be available for transferring saves from Xbox 360 to Xbox One and PlayStation 3 to PlayStation 4.
Furthermore, in-game items that were previously only available to players who linked their Xbox Live or PlayStation Network accounts to Battle.net will now be available to players without the need to link accounts. These items are now granted automatically, and will be available on April 26. The items affected, and their availability, are as follows:
Signet Ring of the Blizzard : Available to all players of Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One
: Available to all players of Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One Mercy Wings (Overwatch Promotional Item): Available to all players of Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One
Players who already have these items will see no change to their experience.
Please note that these changes will only be active after a player has updated their game to patch 2.4.1 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One or patch 2.0.2a on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
See you in Sanctuary!
We're taught that symmetry is the source of beauty, that the facing pages of the face must be identical. But the hand is unsteady and the skin is an imperfect palette, especially the fragile plane of the eyelid. YouTube videos can be helpful. Drag the point of the pencil or brush as close as possible to the edge of the lashes, explain a host of patient girls; extend a mark from the eye's outer corner; connect the two lines to make a triangle; now fill the triangle in. But the tutorials can't tell you what's wrong with your face. Two inches from the mirror, all sense of scale vanishes. Your skin folds unevenly under the pressure of the pencil or brush. This lid is more hooded, that one less. The outer corner of one eye is slightly higher than the other. Is one whole eye higher? Should you respect the asymmetries or try to counteract them?
The truth is it doesn't matter much. No one else looks at your face in a magnifying mirror, clinically or otherwise. You're at a distance or in motion or already beloved. War paint, however applied, has a ceremonial purpose: to render the distinction between the everyday person and the warrior. Its application marks a transformation. These days I have the effect I wanted at 20: It takes zero effort to look tired. But I still like to draw a line between before and after, day and night. With a pencil and a simple black stroke, you can step out of youth and into experience, or out of hiding and into battle.
AAAND IM FINALLY DONE AFTER A WHOLE DAYmy hand is brokenBut yeah, have a detailed drawing of Nala! I haven't really done a detailed drawing in a long time, so here we go 8DThe only thing I hate the most here is her hair lol, didn't do that super well BUTBUT, I had ton of fun drawing this, I should do detailed art more often :'DBut yus, as you can see, she's (randomly) wearing armour while using her light abilityand the glowing part in her wing feather is a new thing I added to her! Whenever she uses a great amount of power of her element, her wing starts to glow up a bit under the feathers, as well her eye changing into a golden colour (isn't new tho but never shown/explained)Sucky descriptions are suckyHope you enjoy!~*----*~Art & Nala (c) Me
Many of you probably have already seen a video where Hong Kong girl accusses guy of cheating, then keep on slapping him. And at least in my country, beside making fun of his surname which sounds really bad in my language – thought where this guy has his balls? Well, big chance in a purse he bought for her. But let`s put jokes aside.
I don`t know if it`s Chinese way of parenting that provides and helps child everything, `saving-face-issues` or what but Hong Kong or Chinese girls in general are known for having a princess sickness.
Symptoms:
Raising nonsense requests and demands to others
Advocating materialism
Having extreme emotions
Being self-indulgent, not logical
Not concerned about social issues
Not willing to take any responsibility (to shirk one's duty)
Being self-centered
Desiring to be an authority
Yearning to rely on others
Having a strong sense of self-superiority
Being self-willed
Of course let`s be fair, there are princesses in every country and for every royal girl there is her royal king. They just cannot be together because they would probably kill each other to get what they want. I know a Princess myself, we like to call her Sushi-girl. She was a normal girl before she started dating him. He gave her everything she asked for, later asking for more and more. Not really giving anything in return beside argues that whole building could hear. You could say it was very intensive high school relationship. He drives her with his expensive car, let her live with him instead of her mom in a poor area. Once she asked him for sushi, he brought her one. She took a bite and throw everything to the garbage saying she doesn`t like it and he does not love her any more `since he brought her that shit`. Recently I talked to my friends and they are not together anymore.
Or a Korean girl I saw video of – guy carried her on her back to the toilet, picked her nose, brushed her hair and teeth. Prepare breakfast, feed her, carry to the car, later pick up. She was perfectly healthy, just didn`t want to do that. To make it more funny guy said he actually enjoys those things, beside waxing her.
But why I reffer to Chinese/HK girls? Maybe because of the videos I want to present you. Sushi girl and lazy-Korean are like a teddy bears to those beasts. You know that time when you`re on your PMS and your man throws chocolate on you and run away hoping you can`t catch him? Comparing to some princesses me on my `haunt for the red october`is like a dream come true.
I`ve seen too many argues, pictures where girls disrespect their guys and those girls destroy other girls`s opinion. I know that 90% of them are not like that, but 10% is enough to make other people talk bad about all of the girls, just check any Chinese forum what guys think of those girls.
To show you planet-terror I`m talking about I have picked few of most popular princess-videos, to show you what I mean by beasts. I tried to translate them, general meaning is the same but some of the things could be translated differently. After seing them you will know what I mean, you can see all of the emotions – first it`s usually sad face and cry, if that doesn`t work they use scream (sometimes it`s the other way, first they scream, later make a puppy face to ask for the thing) to end up blackamailing about suicide. And later princess becomes a drama-queen.
You are so busy everyday, what are you doing for a whole day?
At least I call you everyday
We haven`t seen each other for a week
You know I like you
I don`t know, how can I know? How you even date a girl? You haven`t been like that. You chose me or your job?
You always behave like that, I don`t know how to answer
You don`t know? Don`t know?
She slams the menu on the ground and go away. This one is `the softie`
This girl really wants her shark fin. Keep yelling, laying on the ground, blaming her boyfriend for doing that. Some people say the video is fake, a commercial to save sharks, but what I`ve heard from my friends was that even if the video is fake that kind of behavior is very common – behaving like a child, yelling, crying to get something.
Some girls ask for a purse or neckless. Car shouldn`t be a problem, in the end she`s not asking about ferrari…
We would look so nice in it, drive around.
We don`t have money, I need to buy a flat for us and pay the morgage
Don`t ouch me, you buy it or no?
No
Buy or no?
No
And our little girl is throwing his stuff away. I like one of the comments under the video: so many girls, why this one?
Constant stream of complaints.
Why should I forgive him? He always behaves like that. Do you even care about my feelings? Other friend`s boyfriends are gentelmen, you don`t know how to behave. In italian restaurant he didn`t pull out the chair for me. Don`t care about little things. I have to remind everything, won`t even punch the lemons if I don`t remind, see? I`m so mad. You don`t have a good education, you cannot even speak English, how do you want to talk to my friends? Other boyfriends speak foreign languages. You`re not handsome, neither rich.
…. you, little hong kong princess
If you noticed at the very end there`s a guy showing his thumbs up and saying `Good job, well said`.
I left this one at the very end, it`s little bit long, little bit hmm… violent? But it perfectly shows most common method of getting what princess wants: yell, cry, blackmail. Couple were looking for flat in Shanghai, 3 small rooms for 1.55 mln RMB.
What do you mean? You`re buying it or not? Don`t bullshit me, it`s so cheap and you`re letting others buy it? Are you a retard? First payment is just half a million, I`m talking to you. If you don`t buy it I don`t go out from here.
But this flat is kinda far
So? Far? Cant you get a car? Who asked you to walk? I didn`t tell you to get an airplane or rocket, We are together more than 4 years ad now you say I ask too much? I don`t even have a flat! Don`t I deserve it?
There`s a lot of people, can you behave yourself?
I`m your future wife, I have your child inside me and you treat me like that? here they start to push each other How dare you push me? I`ve been told we get married in 2010, now it`s one year later and I`m still not your wife. You are useless, if you want a naked marriage go run naked on the street. I don`t care.
Are you done yelling? You think I can just go and draw that 0.5 mln on a paper?
Half a million, so what? Ask your parents, other people don`t know but I know they have money. You`re the only son, you should get everything and if not now then when? It`s time to take them.
Those are retirement money, you`re so young and you still have no shame to ask older people for money. You want that flat only to save your face, bitch.
You son of a bitch.
In meantime someone tries to calm them down and say he can pay 60%, she can pay 40%. In the end `son of a bitch` still carries her purse and probably buys that flat. Mission accomplished.
What I`ve tried to say by this post? My message – guys, get some balls and dump that kind of girls. They don`t really love you. If you love someone you respect them, this type of girl only loves herself. And maybe money. But mostly herself. guys, you are smart, handsome, why do you waste time to be someone`s tool? So many good girls in this world, have some respect towards yourself and don`t let her treat you this way. If you even decide to handle her show her she cannot push you around. That really breaks my heart when I see those poor guys threaten. Some of them will really say `no` but most of them will keep on being nice and doing what she wants. She will never respect you, if you cannot stand up for yourself. Please, think about my words.
And girls – please, keep on showing the world that you`re not that kind of girl, most of you are not and don`t let spoiled little brats destroy opinion about you. You`re great.
How about you? Do you know any prince or a princess? What do you think about that kind of behavior? Could you stand it for the one you love? Share your opinion!
https://www.facebook.com/myhongkonghusband
Advertisements
The site of this building Chris Earnshaw photographed 50 years ago is now an empty lot.
Polaroids taken by a D.C. man over almost three decades show the vanishing architecture of the city.
Chris Earnshaw took thousands of pictures and kept them. Now they are the centerpiece of a new museum exhibit.
As a young man in the 1960s, sometimes without a place of his own to live, Earnshaw feared his hometown was losing too much of its character in the name of progress.
“They were about to build the FBI building, and all these Victorian buildings were going to come tumbling down, so I had a sense that someone needed to capture it,” he said. “So I did that.”
Polaroid Pictures Expose Changing Landscape of DC
For almost three decades Chris Earnshaw captured his hometown of Washington, D.C. News4's Mark Segraves takes us back in time through the eyes of a Polaroid camera. (Published Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017)
A few years ago, Earnshaw met Joseph Mills, another photographer who chronicled D.C. over the same time period. Mills saw something special in Earnshaw's photos.
“Initially we really didn't see the brilliance, the savant nature of Chris,” Mills said. “One of the finest photographers I've ever met.”
Mills told Earnshaw he could use modern technology to bring his Polaroids to a mainstream audience.
“Well, that's when he dropped 3,000 Polaroids in my lap,” Mills said.
Now, the two men, unique characters with strong personalities who get along like brothers, have their photos as part of the Historical Society of Washington's District 2 exhibit at the National Building Museum.
Earnshaw gives walking tours of downtown, and he and Mills are working on restoring more of Earnshaw's Polaroids.
“Trying to show the new people what was here, what they missed,” Earnshaw said.
A Long Time
First item, top of the page. This version of Papers, Please be announced over three years ago. That's a long time brewing for a relatively simple pixel-art game. There are a few ingredients in the mix for this delay but the main fault lies with me.
I had a great bunch of people to help with this project — all the port programming was handled by James Gray and others, engine support from WayForward, testing by Ratloop Asia, and submission assistance from Coatsink.
My responsibility was gluing it all together and in the long tradition of “one simple job”, the best I could manage was the slow-setting kind of glue that takes forever to dry. Working as a single developer has its advantages but managing multiple projects is not one of them. Unfortunately it was Papers, Please on PS Vita that suffered the most and I apologize for that.
The Game
Ok, the game is available today so let's turn this around and segue into what we've got here: Papers, Please on PS Vita. The most portable version yet, document inspection and stamping in the supple palms of your capable hands.
Content-wise, this version has all the features of the desktop and tablet versions. All 31 days of singleplayer story mode with branching narratives, 20 endings, “endless” mode with online leaderboards, and stamping so much stamping.
The Squeeze
Even though it's a low-resolution pixel-art game, Papers, Please be originally designed to be played on a big screen. When I wrote it back in 2013 I'd just come off a mobile-only project and wanted to rebel against the low-density large-touch-target design necessary for mobile. So the game packs a lot of small stuff into a big space. There are three separate sections of the screen that need to be visible at all times: booth, desk, and checkpoint.
The big challenge in making it work well on PS Vita was fitting everything onto the smaller screen without sacrificing the core document shuffling mechanics. Luckily Vita has a great touchscreen and, critically, nearby physical controls. For this version we increased the desk size slightly, floated the booth over the border view only when needed, and added vertical scrolling to shift between the booth+checkpoint and the desk. The analog sticks and directional buttons can be used to quickly scroll up/down and after a small adjustment it feels completely natural to use your left thumb for scrolling and your right fingers for touching (or vice versa, no preference, left=right, all love.)
The Tech
Papers, Please be developed in a programming environment called Haxe/OpenFL. Haxe is the language and OpenFL the engine that enables Flash-like applications to run natively on desktops (PC/Mac/Linux) or mobile devices. When taking a game from desktop to console, it's not uncommon to just rewrite everything with a more console-friendly engine. I had a few offers for that sort of thing early on but as a hopeless engineer it felt like a waste to ignore Haxe/OpenFL's inherent multi-platform capabilities.
A few years ago there was no way to build Haxe/OpenFL projects for consoles but with a little time, money, the hard work of James Gray, Lars Doucet from Fortress of Doors, OpenFL's Joshua Granick, Nilsen Filc, and the generous contribution of WayForward's engine tech, we were able to create a console target for Haxe/OpenFL. One of our goals with all that extra work is to hopefully benefit other games in a similar situation.
The Destination, Finally
This version was a long time coming and I appreciate your patience. Thank you to all the fans of the game that have encouraged me over the years and I hope you enjoy playing it on PS Vita too.
Glory to Arstotzka.
Hello there. How would you like a special edition of Megaten Monday? Brilliant I thought you'd like that. Well then today we're going to take a peek at The Amala Midnight Championship Edition by Black and Persona.
Right, so the cover was designed to grab attention. That's that gut from Persona 4 (the only game in the series) right?!?!? What you don't notice right away are the shadowy figures behind him, which include Serph, Hitoshura, Mr Space Marine, Aleph, and Tatsuya.
Inside the front cover there is a handy index telling which game each story will focus on as well as who the respective artist is.
The first story is The real bitches of St Hermlin High: The Prom Queen Quest. I had a hard time trying to decide if this one was funny or not honestly. So here's what Persona-sama did, for this story he took the Revelations cast and completely localized them, not just their names. Mary and Ellen were pulled straight out of the 90's, Brad was appropriately useless (and cuddly), Nate was blessedly barely there, and Mark was the blackest guy ever. I mean that. By all rights it should have been downright offensive, but honestly watching the girls convert a SEBEC secret entrance into a dance hall was way too awesome. There is however some heavy language in this one…I mean it was based off of the nineties…..
Also Colonel Sanders IS the coolest Persona user ever. No that's not an opinion it is officially a fact.
Virginal Damnation was probably my favorite of the comics in this book. Probably because it pokes a lot of fun at Tatsuya who is my overall favorite Megaten lead so far. The name comes from the ongoing fanbase joke that Tatsu will never have a stable relationship in any world in the multiverse. There are various jokes at the expense of the casts collective intelligence and various times where it's called out that they are shameless perverts.
There is also an awesome obscure Sailor Moon reference. I love Black for including this.
Where as I said that the first story could be seen as generally offensive to everyone, the second story actually holds more questionable themes. Tentacles, Nazis, references to Rini, gay relationships, and Lisa….so pretty much all the stuff you'd warn someone about before they played the game.
The most eligible Demi Fiend shows Hitoshura wandering through the Amala Network trying to figure out why he doesn't have a love interest. So our satanic, shirtless, and single bad boy crosses time and space to try to find the right lady.
All with varying levels of success of course. There's also an amazing jab at Dante in here. I really enjoyed this read, it was pretty fantastic. I'm not going to spoil who the love interest was in the end, but I will say the relationship has my full support.
Daily Lives of High School Cannibals opens with three reasons why you should do play DDS. The first two are Tribal Warfare and Cannibalism. the third reason is always in your face, but as River Song is so fond of saying “Spoilers.” This one is fun since we get to see the DDS cast all over the board.
I love Heat trying to explain what a kiss is to Serph. They also end up in Pokémon for a page, why? To try to eat their Pokémon of course.
And eventually they end up in high school, Serph is In a girl's uniform for obligatory jokes about having the nicest ass in the Megaten multiverse. The other tribe leaders are there as other teachers or students. It's fun and well written…but there's a severe lack of Roland. Oh and the fairytale part is so melted in the mouth sweet I think it gave me diabetes.
Welcome to the Persona 3 is from the POV of Minato Aristao in a new game+. As though he retained his memories from the last play through. It's a fairly awesome idea riddled with great timing. Igor and Elizabeth also make an appearance.
In there somewhere Minato has a dream where in he meets Raidou, Serph, and Hitoshura, each who leaves behind a gift when he wakes up. The joke at the end of this story is totally killer.
The fall of Mr Space Marine introduces us to the cast of Strange Journey as they try to overcome racism, sexism, and sleeping with a member of the Cyphre ‘family'.
I think this section was particularly fantastic as far as the art went. The demons all looked great, kudos as always.
And the comedy had great timing.
Soul Hacking My Way to Ultimate Power was probably my least favorite. I haven't played Soul Hackers yet. Sorry. I'm sure it meant more to others. Hitoshura was awesome though!
Persona 4Koma was the most redundant (shockingly) part of the book where in Yu Narukami tried to prove he could summon a Persona from any type of card. It started off really funny but feel kind of flat after a few pages.
The Persona 4 Komas did Segway nicely into The Super Wanton Violence in Amala Midnight Fight Championship 2012. Where in Teddie gathered various Megaten leads together to have an ultimate showdown. It was pretty awesome considering I got to see Tatsu cut at least two people in half…..
The ending is of course decided by you based on your choices.
Pros:
Very Funny
Great Art
Diverse Characters
Diverse Stories
A little something for every Megaten fan
Cons:
A few typos
Dat was used in reference to someone's ass…….
Over sexualized Demi Fiend hips…..wait is that a con?
Black and Persona's works can be found here: http://dailymegaten.tumblr.com/ You can also purchase a copy of Amala Midnight there.
U.S. Marines near an abandoned gas station in Afghanistan in 2010. (Photo11: MAURICIO LIMA, AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — U.S. taxpayers footed the bill for a $43 million natural-gas filling station in Afghanistan, a boondoggle that should have cost $500,000 and has virtually no value to average Afghans, the government watchdog for reconstruction in Afghanistan announced Monday.
A Pentagon task force awarded a $3 million contract to build the station in Sheberghan, Afghanistan, but ended up spending $12 million in construction costs and $30 million in "overhead" between 2011 and 2014, the Special Inspector General for Afghan Reconstruction (SIGAR) found. Meanwhile, a similar gas station built in neighboring Pakistan cost $500,000.
"It's hard to imagine a more outrageous waste of money than building an alternative fuel station in a war-torn country that costs 8,000% more than it should, and is too dangerous for a watchdog to verify whether it is even operational," Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., said in a statement. "Perhaps equally outrageous however, is that the Pentagon has apparently shirked its responsibility to fully account for the taxpayer money that's been wasted — an unacceptable lack of transparency that I'll be thoroughly investigating."
The compressed-natural gas station was designed to show the viability of tapping the country's natural gas reserves. But the inspector general determined that Pentagon's Task Force for Stability and Business Operations failed to conduct a feasibility study before launching the project.
If they had, the inspector general noted in his report, the Pentagon would have found most Afghans have little use for it. The Pentagon's own contractor stated that converting a car to compressed natural gas costs $700 in Afghanistan. The average annual income there is $690.
In a letter to the inspector general, the Pentagon noted that it had shuttered the task force earlier this year and would try to find officials to answer questions. The task force had been given $800 million to help foster private investment in Afghanistan.
"As recently as October 13, 2015, SIGAR contacted (the Department of Defense) to speak to these unnamed employees, but DoD again failed to identify anyone," according to the inspector general's report.
McCaskill, in a letter to the Pentagon, demanded to know how the money was spent and whether the filling station is still open for business. She noted that the contractor responsible for keeping the pumps running failed to renew its operating license only six months after it opened.
Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., who, like McCaskill, sits on the Armed Services Committee, also demanded answers from the Pentagon.
"At a time of growing threats and constrained defense budgets, this kind of mismanagement is simply unacceptable, and I look forward to hearing from the Pentagon on what specific steps it will take to prevent such an egregious waste of tax dollars in the future," Ayotte said in a statement. "Our troops and the taxpayers deserve better."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1NlEqzM
By: Daniel Reynolds
Life of Pi came out last weekend. I haven't seen it yet but I've read the book and I know it tells a universal tale of faith and the beauty of the human spirit. Instead, I saw Andrew Dominik's new film Killing Them Softly. It is based on a book too (haven't read it yet), but it is not a heartwarming movie. Killing Them Softly is 97 minutes of cold, hard grind. There is no glorious whale here. You know the sound a garbage truck makes, shuffling dumpsters around early – it's always early – in the morning? That is the general tenor of this film.
And I loved it.
Killing Them Softly is New Zealander Dominik's third film and his second collaboration with star Brad Pitt. Back in 2007, they (along with Casey Affleck, who only turned in one of the better performances of the decade) uncoiled the hidden masterpiece The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Rob Ford. Again borrowing from a book, Dominik sought to recast the myths of the wild west in a harsh, yet bracingly practical mold. However, where that film was filled with dreamy, lyrical passages, evocative voice-over and wide vistas of untamed wilderness, Killing Them Softly traffics in hard realities, cold silence and the grimy claustrophobia of modern urbanity. Its story begins with two hoodlums, the mousy, likable Frankie (Scoot McNairy) and slimy, shifty Russell (Ben Mendelsohn, who appears glazed in sweat for the entire film), getting set up with an idea from the dumpy Johnny Amato (Vincent Curatola, born to play low level gangsters). The duo plan to stick up a card game run by another gangster, the affable Mark Trattman (Ray Liotta, playing right into type), pocket some dirty money, keep their heads down and, if things go according to plan, enjoy the high life for a little while.
Naturally, as with any caper done by a couple of small time numbskulls, things eventually turn bad. Enter Jackie (Pitt), the man in black, summoned at the behest of another man referred to as Driver (Richard Jenkins, on hand to balance perfectly the pervading sense of out of control machismo) to set things right, so to speak. What follows is a dance as inevitable as the directive of the film's title. The order of the underworld economy has been upset and shadowy men, men that seem to exist in a parallel universe from our own, are paid to appear, reorganize and reset. And while that same title insists on a low volume approach, the film is definitely not shy about noisily taking a guy's life. Yes, violence is definitely a part of Killing Them Softly's brutal machinations but, of course, any crime film is really only as good as its language and character. This is where the pitch black heart of the film pumps furiously to life; in the scenes of our two low life hooligans shooting the shit (including one frustrating sequence shot from the perspective of Russell as he slides in and out of a drug trip); in the calm, efficient talk of professionals discussing business; and in the angry ramblings let loose by disillusioned criminals, out of touch. I should add that the last of these flavours is largely (and I mean largely) provided by James Gandolfini as Mickey, a soon-to-be retired hitman who has lost his grip on his profession, his sense of self-worth and his reality (criminal or otherwise). Gandolfini grunts and wheezes through the role with comfortable ease, showing what can happen when greed (and lust, and aggression) grows unchecked and unfulfilled.
Now here is where we have to wheel on the predominant criticism of the film. The force of its visual bluster is matched only by the bluntness of its allegory, its in your face political pandering. In Dominik's underworld, in 2008, all of the TVs and radios are tuned to C-SPAN and political talk shows, even the opening credits are intercut with a speech by then-Senator Obama. As the criminal plot unfolds, it is made clear, with all the subtlety of a shotgun blast, that the topside of America's economy can be disrupted in a similar way; it too can involve greedy, craven men and figuratively (one would hopefully assume) violent restructuring. For all of the film's clever jargon and delightfully disgusting attention to detail, it is here that Dominik's work may lose steam for some.
And yet, in a final flourish, with now-President Obama's hopeful victory speech heard in the background, Pitt's Jackie cynically describes an alternate history of America. It is one that is all dark side and spilled blood, filled with political leaders now canonized in text books despite an untidy (to put it mildly) past. Killing Them Softly is definitely – and defiantly – a product of its time, resolute in its portrayal of a dirty, ugly America, but as it revels in its specificity, it becomes something for all time. Since the first days of the nation that same refrain has been heard. No, not ‘Yes We Can' but rather: Now pay me.
This true story follows FBI agent Joe Pistone as he infiltrates the mafia of New York. Befriending Lefty Ruggiero, Pistone (under the name Donnie Brasco) is able to embed himself in a mafia faction led by Sonny Black. Ruggiero and Pistone become tight as the group goes about collecting money for 'the bosses'. Eventually, the group become big-time when Black himself becomes a boss; all the while, Pistone collects evidence. However, the trials and tribulations of the undercover work become more than Pistone can bear. His marriage falls apart, and to top it off, the mafia suspect a mole in the organization. The real dilemma is afforded to Pistone, who knows if he walks away from the mafia, Ruggiero will be the one punished. Written by P. Wong <pwong@nt.net>
Crazy cat person? You want all of this right meow.
Cat Wheel
Photos: Catswall
Because most cats really wish they were hamsters.
This lifelike, $1,300 mature tree cat house
Photo: CatsPlay
For those who are too lazy to train their cat as an outdoor pet.
Cat hammock
Photo: Oakland Animal Services
Kitties just be hangin'.
Cat wall stairs
Photo: Imgarcade
Designed by MC Escher, one assumes.
Stairway to Cat Heaven
Photo: Amazon
Some people may call you crazy for buying a cat tower that takes up 50 per cent of your living space. And they'd be right.
The Cat's Trapeze
Photo: CatsTrapeze
Mittens and Admiral Whiskers always fantasized about one day running off and joining the circus.
Cat labyrinth by Goldtatze
Photos: Goldtatze/Facebook
German design firm Goldtatze specializes in turning regular rooms into elaborate cat playgrounds, complete with handcrafted perches, hammocks, bridges and scratching posts.
Cat turntable
Photo: Suck UK
The “Cat Scratch” turntable comes with a record-shaped cardboard scratch mat that spins when your whiskered DJ rakes it with his paws.
Beach Chair
Photo: GetBullish
Your lazy cat who sleeps all day really needs a vacation.
Cat high-rise
Photo: CatsPlay
For the feline condo developer.
Kitty Loft
Photo: KittyLoft
Cats appreciate an open-concept loft just as much as humans do.
Energy Pyramid
Photo: Love Thy Beast
Like something David Lynch would buy if he were a cat-lover.
Steampunk cat tunnel
Photos: Because We Can
As we previously reported, this cat tunnel was designed and built by Oakland-based design firm Because We Can for a couple's office space.
Cat chaise lounge
Photo: Dot&Bo
Far more comfortable than a cat futon.
Sogno Bed
Photos: sasha & me
Handmade pet pod crafted from 100 per cent sheep's wool.
Cats Attack Scratching Post
Photo: TheGreenHead
Finally your cat can live out her Godzilla fantasies.
Everything in this California home
Photos: Trillium Enterprises
A man in Goleta, California hired custom home builder Trillium Enterprises to turn his home into a feline paradise. After $35,000 worth of cat-approved alterations, the house is now jam-packed with spiral ramps, walkways (or catwalks, if you prefer), scratching posts, miniature stairways, crawlspaces and cushioned beds. It's as adorable as it is crazy.
Can't get enough animal-theme home furnishings? Here are 9 dog houses for your overly pampered pet and 20 bizarre pieces of furniture that look like animals.
As a Mercedes junior driver, Wehrlein has long been groomed for a seat at the top team, and impressed mightily in his rookie season with Manor - especially in Austria where he qualified 12th and finished 10th. Disappointed to have been passed over for the vacant seat at Force India in favour of less experienced Manor teammate Esteban Ocon, could Wehrlein be the man to fill the void for the Silver Arrows? The team certainly know him well, with the 22-year-old having completed more than 10 days of testing with the team, including plenty of Pirelli's 2017 tyre development programme that Mercedes participated in. The only question mark against him would be his experience. In a year of great technical change would Mercedes prefer a driver with more races under his belt? And how would someone so inexperienced fare alongside a three-time world champion?
The Frenchman has only just inked a deal to join Force India for 2017, but as a member of the Silver Arrows stable, Mercedes could conceivably negotiate his release should they wish. However, though highly regarded, Ocon has even less F1 experience than Wehrlein, and given the strength of their main competitors' line-ups, can the Brackley-based team really afford to carry a near-rookie?
The Finn is another driver who is already under contract for next year, with the Mercedes-powered Williams team, but his close connections to Mercedes chief Toto Wolff (not to mention his experience and known ability behind the wheel) make him a potential contender to replace Rosberg. Wolff has been part of Bottas' management team for some time, and is a known admirer - but that doesn't change the fact that Williams would be hugely reluctant to part ways with a driver who, in the words of deputy team principal Claire Williams, has “played a pivotal role in the team's turnaround since 2014”.
The rest
The media - and the bookmakers - have been keen to hype the possibility of Sebastian Vettel jumping ship from Ferrari, but though it's no secret that it's been a tense season at the Scuderia, the German still has a year to run on his Maranello contract - as he pointed out to the press at a team event over the weekend.
Similarly Fernando Alonso would be a popular fan choice. He has one year left on his deal with McLaren, but is there any room for negotiation in his contract, and even if there were, would the Spaniard move and would Mercedes want to re-ignite the combustible Hamilton/Alonso partnership of 2007?
And another Spaniard, Carlos Sainz, is highly rated. Again Red Bull have him tied to a long-term contract, though Sainz has made no secret of his ambitions, ever since former Toro Rosso teammate Max Verstappen was promoted to Red Bull Racing.
One thing's for sure, having taken a driver' and constructors' double for the past three seasons, there will be no shortage of interest in the spare seat. But with all of the most experienced drivers already tied down, Mercedes will find it extremely tough to find a driver approaching Rosberg's calibre.
Remove one LED from the propeller to add a vibration switch (or directly add to the blade).
First, connect one pin of the vibration switch to the button cell's cathode, and connect the LED's anode to anode of the cell.
Then wrap the cell with the electrical tape to avoid the other pins of the switch and the LED touching the button cell.
Next, connect the other pins of the switch and the LED button cell, and fasten by soldering. Then glue this whole button cell to the prop.
Here you need to mind, place the head of the vibration switch facing the center of the propeller. Thus the LED circuit will be on by the small ball in the vibration switch under centrifugal force. Otherwise, the LED will not shine during the spinning.
Despite the sky threatening rain at every opportunity, it managed to stay off to keep the crowd that had packed into the Iveagh Gardens dry. Although maybe if it had of rained, they would have chatted less, who knows. The main event on Sunday evening was Damien Rice, one gig that was very much anticipated.
Opening the proceedings was a singer-songwriter called Bryan Dalton. As soon as he sat in front of the crowd, he shouted “Hi mum!” into the mic. Cue a middle-aged woman frantically jumping around as her son delivered some beautiful songs and a series of anecdotes that were genuinely smile-worthy. The crowd were more content to chat amongst themselves, a trend that seemed to continue throughout the night. After Dalton had departed, Colm Mac Con Iomaire and a collection of musicians took to the stage. Beautiful violin playing woven with intricate piano melodies provided a captivating show that was again lost on a crowd who only turned the volume up as time went on. This was frustrating for those trying to enjoy the opening acts and is something that noticeably irritated some people.
A few minutes later than scheduled, Damien Rice took to the stage. Songs like 9 Crimes, Amie and Elephant were unsurprisingly incredible, but the true gem of the night was Colour Me In. There's something about Rice's voice that sends shivers down your spine as the initially gentle vocals grow to create something truly stunning. However, this and some of the softer songs on the set were drowned out by the continuing chatter – it'd make you question if people were there for the gig or the inevitable Facebook check-in.
The one confusing thing throughout the night was the lack of accompanying musicians, it seemed to be a lot of stage for one man. The addition of a piano, backing vocals or virtually anything else would have elevated the quality of the show immensely. The use of backing tracks and distortion also didn't work at all. There's something about acoustic guitars and distortion that just doesn't work well.
Issues aside, Damien Rice delivered a show that was full of heart, and the passion in his voice during every song and the enthusiasm of his anecdote telling was excellent. It was far from perfect, but hey, the best things in life are always a bit rough around the edges.
Photo by Amy E. Price/Getty Images
Louis Jay Meyers, co-founder of South by Southwest, has died, reports the Austin American-Statesman. The cause of death is believed to be a heart attack. In 1987, Meyers started the music festival and conference with business partners Roland Swenson, Louis Black, and Nick Barbaro. He booked the bulk of the music for the festival until leaving the fold after the 1994 event. (Today is the first day of this year's SXSW Interactive, which kicked off with a keynote talk from President Obama.)
Meyers backed Austin venue Liberty Lunch in the 1980s, when he was also a manager for local bands. From 2005 to 2013, Meyers was a executive director of Folk Alliance International, an annual folk music conference held in Kansas City.
Meyers also played music with the likes of Bill & Bonnie Hearne, Bob Schneider, Killbilly, the Killer Bees, Mojo Nixon, Fastball, Willis Alan Ramsey, Tommy Ramone, and Jello Biafra, as Billboard reports.
"The reason South by Southwest worked for the industry is because we took the time to be the A&R people," Meyers told Kansas City's Pitch in 2013. "We cleared through thousands of showcase entries to find a few hundred acts that we felt were ready to be seen by the industry. It was critical to me personally that every act at South By was worth seeing, that nobody could walk away going, 'How the hell did that band get booked at this thing?'"
Folk Alliance confirmed the news on Facebook. "He will be dearly missed by his friends and colleagues on our staff, board, in our membership, and the music community at large," the post said. "We are all thankful for having had the recent joy of his presence with us at our conference, and are forever grateful for his incredible role with us over the past decade."
This evening Scott Davis and Colin Hart were on the red carpet for the UK Premiere of Logan Lucky, Steven Soderbergh's new heist thriller. The film reunites Channing Tatum with the Magic Mike director, and in this latest collaboration he stars alongside Adam Driver, Daniel Craig and Riley Keough.
During our interview with Tatum we spoke to him about working with Soderbergh once again, and how the film may surprise some of Daniel Craig's new fans.
“I don't think a lot of Americans know his early work…and I think it's going to be a big surprise for people to be ‘Whoa – that's Bond?'. He steps into a role and completely stomps a mudhole in it.”
As well as giving us a fun new phrase Tatum also spoke about a film which is both highly anticipated, and seemingly hard to get off the ground. A couple of years ago the prospect appeared of the actor leading a new X-Men movie centred around the comic book character Gambit. A long time project over at Fox, the film was set to be directed by Doug Liman after Rupert Wyatt left the director's chair. Recently Liman dropped the film and stepped over to take the reins on Justice League Dark.
Both times creative differences were stated as the reason for the directors leaving the comic book movie project. In talking about his jump to Justice League Dark Doug Liman expanded on his reasons for moving on.
“I look for a personal connection to the movies I make and it may not be immediately obvious…In every story, I have a personal connection… With ‘Gambit,' I just never found that personal way in.”
RELATED: X-Men: Here's What You Need to Know About Channing Tatum's Gambit
This evening Tatum talked to us about what that meant for him, and for the film's journey to the big screen. He confirmed that the obstacles to making the film have ended up helping the creative team to find the right tone. It also appears that the success of both Logan and Deadpool have given the Gambit movie a much-needed sense of momentum, with Fox more likely to take a chance on a more visceral Gambit film.
Here's what Tatum told us,
“We lit a fuse on the first one and just blew it completely out of the water. I think we got lucky – we got hit with some setbacks and it was all for a good reason. We were trying to do something completely different. We were trying to do something that this genre of movie hasn't seen before. We kept running into the same problems, and then Deadpool and Logan came through and kicked the doors down. Now we're really getting to do some of the things we've always wanted to do with the script – we've just sort of started over.”
You can watch the full interview below, and we'll be bringing you more news on this film as it develops.
A dispute between the residents of an upscale residential complex and the family and friends of a domestic help who went missing ensued in a riot-like situation in Noida, near Delhi, this July. Allegations, counter-allegations, and police and political intervention brought intense focus on these developments.
At the roots of the controversy was the absence of labour laws covering India's over 5 million domestic workers, renewing a debate on the need for better working conditions for them.
All this may finally change now.
India's labour ministry is set to formulate a national policy for domestic workers, looking to provide them with legal status and a social security network, a circular released on Oct. 16 said.
“The aim is to explicitly and effectively expand the scope of applicable legislation, policies, and schemes to grant domestic workers rights that are enshrined in laws for other category of workers,” Rajit Punhani, director general of labour welfare, noted in the circular.
The policy will seek equal remuneration, minimum wages, fair terms of employment, and grievance redressal.
If the policy is adopted, these workers will be granted the rights to form unions and given protection from violence and abuse. They will also have access to health and maternity benefits and old-age pensions.
The ministry has now invited comments from the general public on the draft within one month.
Most Indians domestic workers are overworked and underpaid. Their average salaries are not more than Rs3,000 ($46) a month, a survey conducted last year shows. Maids in the US earn close to $11 (Rs714) per hour.
Several elite Indians employ who is a domestic help for cooking, cleaning, and other part-time jobs have been accused of abusing them. Even Bollywood celebrities have been caught on the wrong foot.
The International Labour Organisation has also flagged domestic workers as part of India's invisible workforce, underscoring their vulnerability and lack of protection
Fellow ReVeNites!
We are going to be hosting an Art contest. The theme would be ReVeN. Draw whatever you want as long as it is appropriate and is related to the game is some way or form. Today we are taking in art submissions until Thursday February 13th! We will announce the winner Friday February 14th! The winner of the contest will have their art featured first in the END GAME CREDITS! :)
Submit your artwork to ( variagamesllc@gmail.com ) Make sure to write "Reven art contest" for the subject line and your name. If you have an art website let us know in the email and give us the link. We can add that to your picture in the credits. Anyone who submits an art piece to us will have there art displayed in the credits of the game. The art submissions for the End Game Credits will end February 22nd the day our kickstarter ends. :)
You may also switch your art piece and send us the one you would rather have in the credits. Only one art piece per individual can go be featured in the credits.
We have gotten one art piece already! The creator of the art piece is "CHRIS TURNER". Thank you for this cool rendition of SyRek shrouded in darkness Chris! :)
Chris Turners -Art Piece- (click to expand)
We will also feature newly submitted art pieces every Wednesday. Lets call it.. Art Work Wednesday?! Art Work Wednesday will extend beyond the Kickstarter end date! So keep on sending us your fan art! We would love to show everyone your work! :D
PS. If anyone can come up with a better name than Art Work Wednesdays we would love to hear it! :)
PPS. Thank you VanZant and anyone else who has helped spread the word about our game and telling us! Your support has been phenomenal :)
-Team Varia
Every year, over 30,000 people are killed in road crashes in the United States. Use our map to see the highway with the highest rates of fatal accidents in your state and explore each highway in more detail in the interactive grid below.
To determine the most dangerous highway in each US state, we calculated a Fatal Crash Rate that is based on the annual number of road fatalities and fatal crashes according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, adjusted for the average daily traffic counts provided by the Federal Highway Administration. The states are ranked in order of the Fatal Crash Rate of their most dangerous highways. Thus, Florida comes out on top because its most dangerous highway (US-1) has the highest Fatal Crash Rate than 'most dangerous highways' of other states. Rhode Island's most dangerous highway (Route 95), on the other hand, has the lowest Fatal Crash Rate among most dangerous highways of other states, but does not mean that Route 95 is the safest highway in the United States.
Millennials are routinely blamed for killing industries and national brands like Applebee's and Buffalo Wild Wings. Their decline is often followed by strategic shifts to engage this group as customers. But as Applebee's admitted earlier this year, those attempts often fail.
Industries decline and stores struggle not because of a single generation but because of broader trends. A preference for online shopping and changing consumer expectations, for example, are true in every generation. Yet because millennials are significantly larger than any other group, they tend to magnify these trends.
What if, instead of causing a decline, millennials, could actually rescue a brand from decline?
What if this generation became a superhero, keeping a company from the brink of disaster? What would that brand need to do in order revitalize sales and once again establish itself as an industry leader? Is this even possible?
The answer is yes, and the brand best poised for being revived by millennials is Toys “R” Us. The retail giant declared bankruptcy back in September. With declining sales and the explosion of online retail, the once great children's store chain has experienced significant struggle in recent years.
Without a change, Toys “R” Us could fall to the history books with brands like Borders, the national bookseller that couldn't compete with Amazon. They could be yet another company to disappear from the national landscape. Riding off into the sunset doesn't need to be the reality for Toys “R” Us. If leaders within the company want to lead a great comeback story, then it's time to engage millennials.
Saving the company requires a few key moves to position it effectively in the minds and wallets of our nation's 20-somethings and 30-somethings:
Accurately identify the generation
Many brands hear “millennials” and instantly use words like “adulting,” thinking it will effectively engage these 85 million consumers. But since this group is the most diverse in history, a sweeping generalization is a wasted effort.
Instead, realize millennials are rapidly becoming parents. This generation is waiting longer than previous generations to have children. But with more than 50 million millennials over the age of 27, parenthood is becoming far more normal. Pew Research said earlier this year that 16 million millennial women are moms, and 60% of all millennials say being a parent is important to their identity.
Leverage the power of nostalgia effectively
The holiday shopping season is almost here. Many millennials remember getting the Toys “R” Us Christmas catalog in the mail. Studying every page to see the best toys was a thrill unto itself. Circling the items for the Christmas list was almost like a sacred ritual. A sense of the past is need to win in the future.
Using nostalgia is not a marketing gimmick. According to Bain & Company, it creates an emotional for the consumer. People engage at a deeper level when something causes them to think back to the “good ole days.” This approach, in part, is what drove this year's Beauty and the Beast remake to become a box office smash. Now that millennials have kids, that nostalgic sense of childhood can be used to pull them back into the store.
Parents need a guide
As the first generation to come of age in the social media and mobile era, there is an overwhelming amount of information and opinions about parenthood. What parents need is a trusted, reliable guide leading them through the confusion and chaos of raising children in the connected age.
Whether it's navigating milestones, illnesses, or gift ideas for Christmas, parents want a trusted source to help them throughout the process. The cost to raise a child to age 17 is $233,610, so parents also want to make sure they spend money well. Since Toys “R” Us also owns Babies “R” Us, they have the opportunity to be the experts on everything in the journey of parenthood.
Integrate and innovate
A conversation about modern retail changes would be incomplete without discussing an enhanced digital presence. Connecting a great mobile and digital experience to a physical retail location can be a great way to drive sales. Consumers expect brands to find new ways to solve a problem for the customer. Many retailers simply copy what other brands do as an attempt to innovate, but it fails to serve the customer.
Instead, the better approach is to think about digital and mobile integrations that help parents. Maybe instead of typical in-store pickup, Toys “R” Us could create an app that allows online ordering. Then the customer selects “I'm Here” in the app when they arrive in the parking lot. An employee can bring the item to a particular parking area, making it easier for parents who have little ones in car seats. Groceries are rapidly adding services like this because it's a huge win for busy parents.
No one knows how the leadership at Toys “R” Us will navigate bankruptcy and the continued reality of declining sales. One thing can be said with certainty: if this brand chooses to aggressively reach millennials and make them parenting heroes, then we may witness their return as a giant in the retail market.
A desktop PC used to need a lot of different chips to make it work. You had the big parts: the CPU that executed most of your code and the GPU that rendered your pretty 3D graphics. But there were a lot of smaller bits too: a chip called the northbridge handled all communication between the CPU, GPU, and RAM, while the southbridge handled communication between the northbridge and other interfaces like USB or SATA. Separate controller chips for things like USB ports, Ethernet ports, and audio were also often required if this functionality wasn't already integrated into the southbridge itself.
As chip manufacturing processes have improved, it's now possible to cram more and more of these previously separate components into a single chip. This not only reduces system complexity, cost, and power consumption, but it also saves space, making it possible to fit a high-end computer from yesteryear into a smartphone that can fit in your pocket. It's these technological advancements that have given rise to the system-on-a-chip (SoC), one monolithic chip that's home to all of the major components that make these devices tick.
The fact that every one of these chips includes what is essentially an entire computer can make keeping track of an individual chip's features and performance quite time-consuming. To help you keep things straight, we've assembled this handy guide that will walk you through the basics of how an SoC is put together. It will also serve as a guide to most of the current (and future, where applicable) chips available from the big players making SoCs today: Apple, Qualcomm, Samsung, Nvidia, Texas Instruments, Intel, and AMD. There's simply too much to talk about to fit everything into one article of reasonable length, but if you've been wondering what makes a Snapdragon different from a Tegra, here's a start.
Putting a chip together
There's no discussion of smartphone and tablet chips that can happen without a discussion of ARM Holdings, a British company with a long history of involvement in embedded systems. ARM's processors (and the instruction set that they use, also called ARM) are designed to consume very small amounts of power, much less than the Intel or AMD CPUs you might find at the heart of a standard computer. This is one of the reasons why you see ARM chips at the heart of so many phones and tablets today. To better understand how ARM operates (and to explain why so many companies use ARM's CPU designs and instruction sets), we first must talk a bit about Intel.
Intel handles just about everything about its desktop and laptop CPUs in-house: Intel owns the x86 instruction set its processors use, Intel designs its own CPUs and the vast majority of its own GPUs, Intel manufactures its own chips in its own semiconductor fabrication plants (fabs), and Intel handles the sale of its CPUs to both hardware manufacturers and end users. Intel can do all of this because of its sheer size, but it's one of the only companies able to work this way. Even in AMD's heyday, the company was still licensing the x86 instruction set from Intel. More recently, AMD sold off its own fabs—the company now directly handles only the design and sale of its processors, rather than handling everything from start to finish.
ARM's operation is more democratized by design. Rather than making and selling any of its own chips, ARM creates and licenses its own processor designs for other companies to use in their chips—this is where we get things like the Cortex-A9 and the Cortex-A15 that sometimes pop up in Ars phone and tablet reviews. Nvidia's Tegra 3 and 4, Samsung's Exynos 4 and 5, and Apple's A5 processors are all examples of SoCs that use ARM's CPU cores. ARM also licenses its instruction set for third parties to use in their own custom CPU designs. This allows companies to put together CPUs that will run the same code as ARM's Cortex designs but have different performance and power consumption characteristics. Both Apple and Qualcomm (with their A6 and Snapdragon S4 chips, respectively) have made their own custom designs that exceed Cortex-A9's performance but generally use less power than Cortex-A15.
The situation is similar on the graphics side. ARM offers its own "Mali" series GPUs that can be licensed the same way its CPU cores are licensed, or companies can make their own GPUs (Nvidia and Qualcomm both take the latter route). There are also some companies that specialize in creating graphics architectures. Imagination Technologies is probably the biggest player in this space, and it licenses its mobile GPU architectures to the likes of Intel, Apple, and Samsung, among others.
Chip designers take these CPU and GPU bits and marry them to other necessary components—a memory interface is necessary, and specialized blocks for things like encoding and decoding video and processing images from a camera are also frequent additions. The result is a single, monolithic chip called a "system on a chip" (SoC) because of its more-or-less self-contained nature.
There are two things that sometimes don't get integrated into the SoC itself. The first is RAM, which is sometimes a separate chip but is often stacked on top of the main SoC to save space (a method called "package-on-package" or PoP for short). A separate chip is also sometimes used to handle wireless connectivity. However, in smartphones especially, the cellular modem is also incorporated into the SoC itself.
While these different ARM SoCs all run the same basic code, there's a lot of variety between chips from different manufacturers. To make things a bit easier to digest, we'll go through all of the major ARM licensees and discuss their respective chip designs, those chips' performance levels, and products that each chip has shown up in. We'll also talk a bit about each chipmaker's plans for the future, to the extent that we know about them, and about the non-ARM SoCs that are slowly making their way into shipping products. Note that this is not intended to be a comprehensive look at all ARM licensees, but rather a thorough primer on the major players in today's and tomorrow's phones and tablets.
Listing image by Andrew Cunningham / Aurich Lawson
The Internet, all too often, is a mean place, full of trolls and nasty commenters and cyber-bullying. But sometimes, it does something beautiful .
Angela McElhiney's son, Nathan, committed suicide just two months ago. One item she had to remember him by -- and his love of singing -- is a video of him singing "Wayfaring Stranger" at a school concert. But the video, taken on a phone, has poor audio. There's a great deal of coughing and talking in the background, and Nathan's voice is not very loud.
"It was such a bad recording and I just wanted to be able to hear him better," she said.
So Angela took to Reddit, asking if anyone had any tips on how she could improve the sound quality. She was hoping for, at most, some links to audio sites or maybe a tutorial video where she could learn to do it herself. But Redditors flooded her inbox with well-wishing and offers of condolences.
Best of all, people took the time to re-edit the video themselves
Here is the original video:
And here is a cleaned-up version she received:
The difference is stark -- but that's not the only video she received. More than 20 people sent her their best attempts at getting the best possible sound quality from that original phone recording. Here's another:
Angela was so pleasantly surprised by all the unexpected generosity. "I never expected so much kindness and so many people taking time out of their day," she said.
For weeks now, ISIS militants in northern Syria have been attacking the Kurdish city of Ayn al-Arab, also known as Kobani, attempting to seize the city and solidify control of the territory. In the past few days, U.S.-led airstrikes on ISIS have included many targets around Kobani, and appear to have at least slowed their advance for the moment. Kobani is situated on a hillside right on the Syria-Turkey border, a border crossed by tens of thousands of Kurds fleeing their besieged city. Now, some of these refugees and fellow Kurds from southern Turkey have gathered on the border to watch the battles in Kobani through binoculars and cameras. Some Kurdish forces remain in the city, defending against invading militants, supported by Western aircraft and missiles, while ISIS continues to attack with artillery, mortars, suicide bombings, and small arms. CNN reports that senior U.S. administration officials conceded that Kobani will likely soon fall to ISIS, but downplayed the importance of the loss.
Actress and former Wonder Girls member Ahn So Hee has shared her thoughts on her film “Train to Busan.”
A press conference for the film was held on July 12 at the Lotte Cinema Konkuk University Entrance Branch, where the actress stated, “I'm excited and nervous about being in a movie after so long.”
Ahn So Hee revealed that she saw the film for the first time that day, and shared, “I'm still fascinated and surprised whenever the scenes I'm in are on screen. I don't think I can ever be satisfied with my own acting.”
She continued, “I felt proud and moved to see the film all finished and to see my sunbaes. I even shed some tears while watching.”
“Train to Busan” follows the story of passengers on a KTX train to Busan, who fight to survive when an unprecedented disaster hits Korea. It also stars actors Gong Yoo, Jung Yoo Mi, Ma Dong Seok, Choi Woo Shik, Kim Eui Sung, and Kim Soo Ahn, and premieres on July 20.
Source (1)
POWERFUL Typhoon Jelawat has made landfall on the Japanese mainland a day after hitting southern Okinawa island, where local media said it left one dead and about 140 people injured.
Packing winds of up to 180 kilometres per hour, the typhoon made landfall on Sunday in central Aichi prefecture around 7.00pm (2000 AEST) and was moving up the main island of Honshu, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.
A 29-year-old man was swept away by high waves when Jelawat hit Okinawa and was later confirmed dead, while at least 140 people were injured in eight prefectures, according to public broadcaster NHK.
The typhoon is forecast to churn northeastwards towards Tokyo over the next 24 hours and bring torrential rainfall and towering waves up to 10 metres high.
More than 500 flights, mainly in western Japan, were cancelled on Sunday and some shinkansen bullet train services across the country had been suspended, Kyodo said.
Local authorities have ordered more than 2000 people in central Mie to evacuate, while tens of thousands of people were advised to leave home for safe shelter, according to NHK.
Originally published as Powerful typhoon hits Japan mainland
ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images
Virologists know its name: H7N9. What they don't yet know is whether this novel avian influenza virus — first reported in humans in China less than two weeks ago — will rapidly fizzle out, become established in animal hosts to fuel future human outbreaks, or morph into a virus that can spread easily between people and spark a deadly pandemic.
In a frantic effort to find answers, scientists are bearing down on H7N9 on multiple fronts. They are testing wild birds and thousands of domestic fowl; analysing the viruses they find; and trying to trace people who have been exposed to infected patients. Chinese health authorities say that they have 400 laboratories looking for genetic changes in the virus.
“We are going to be sitting with bated breath over the next month to find out what happens,” says Michael Osterholm, who heads the University of Minnesota's Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy in Minneapolis. As Nature went to press, 24 human cases, including 8 deaths, had been reported in 11 cities, some a few hundred kilometres apart, in eastern China (see map). So many cases in such a short time over such a wide area — up from three cases in two cities a week ago — is “a very concerning situation”, says Osterholm.
Scientists urgently want to find out which sources are stoking the human infections that result in flu-like symptoms and, in most reported cases, severe pneumonia. So far, investigations of the cases remain largely inconclusive: some patients had contact with poultry or other animals just before falling ill, whereas others had not. Late last week, the H7N9 virus was found in chickens, pigeons and ducks in live bird markets in Shanghai and Hangzhou — making markets the leading suspected source. Authorities have since culled tens of thousands of birds and closed down markets in Shanghai, Nanjing and Hangzhou.
The genetic sequences of the H7N9 viruses found in the birds are highly similar to those isolated from human patients, says Chao-Tan Guo, a virologist at the Zhejiang Academy of Medical Sciences in Hangzhou. Although the virus might have come from other sources, including mammals, the pattern of many human cases over a wide area in a short time could be explained by live markets alone, because birds from one or a few sources would be transported to multiple markets, says Malik Peiris, a flu virologist at the University of Hong Kong.
Sources: WHO/ECDC/Xinhua state media
But the various bird species found to be infected may not be the original source, because much cross-infection can occur in live markets. Investigators must now trace which farms and wholesalers the birds came from, Peiris says, and test birds up through the supply chain.
Researchers know that H7 flu viruses mainly infect wild birds such as ducks, geese, waders and gulls, and that they occasionally jump into poultry flocks. Kwok-Yung Yuen, an infectious-disease expert at the University of Hong Kong, notes the proximity of the reported human cases to the Yangtze river delta, home to many wild birds, and to Chongming Island near Shanghai, a renowned site for watching migratory birds. “It's likely wild ducks and geese that are carrying it,” he suggests.
But this H7N9 virus has not yet been detected in wild birds in the area. “There is very little specific information on the source of this particular virus strain, its ecology or reservoir, and it is premature to be hypothesizing on the vectors,” says Taej Mundkur, who is flyways programme manager for conservation group Wetlands International in the Netherlands. He also co-convenes the Asia-Pacific Working Group on Migratory Waterbirds and Avian Influenza with the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
Hidden reservoir
Wherever the virus originated, a crucial question is whether it could become established in poultry, creating a reservoir that might lead to continued, sporadic human infections.
Health authorities in China are trying to learn to what extent that has happened already. Unlike its cousin H5N1 — which has killed millions of birds and several hundred people in Asia and elsewhere since 2003 — H7N9 does not cause serious bird disease, greatly complicating efforts to control it, says Vincent Martin, interim head of the FAO's Emergency Prevention System for Transboundary Animal and Plant Pests and Diseases (EMPRES) in Rome. It would be next to impossible to detect H7N9 through routine surveillance for sick poultry among China's 6 billion domestic birds. “This means stopping animal-to-human transmission is impossible,” says Masato Tashiro, a virologist at the Influenza Virus Research Center in Tokyo, the World Health Organization's influenza reference and research centre in Japan.
Each time the virus encounters new human hosts, it has fresh opportunities to mutate and to acquire the ability to spread between people. That does not seem to have occurred yet. But experts say that it will be crucial to identify and track new cases of suspicious severe pneumonia and their close contacts, and to isolate people if necessary. Researchers working on the molecular biology of the virus say that it seems to derive from a reassortment of genetic material from at least three known bird-flu groups (see Nature http://doi.org/k4j; 2013). A key component — the haemagglutinin (H) protein on the surface of the virus — already contains mutations known to shift its binding preference from bird cells to those of mammals. Scientists are watching for telltale changes that could signal a shift towards a form that is more transmissible between humans.
Because flu viruses evolve rapidly, comparing viral sequences from each of the human cases might reveal whether person-to-person transmission is occurring, says Andrew Rambaut, an expert in the evolution of human viral pathogens at the University of Edinburgh, UK. If many patients have very similar viral sequences, then that would imply human spread; if viral sequences are more diverse, it would imply that each person had separately picked up infections from birds. Only four sequences from four human cases are so far available, but virologists are sequencing more and posting them on the GISAID flu database.
If human-to-human transmission does start to occur, “further spread may be inevitable”, warns Tashiro. Humanity has never been widely exposed to H7 or N9 flu viruses, and so lacks resistance to these subtypes. If a pandemic were to occur, it would probably have a severe toll. But it is too early to predict how events will unfold; experts in emerging infectious disease are only just becoming acquainted with the latest villain in their roster.
This movie is going to be remembered for every reason except it being a good movie. It's certainly not surprising that North Korea took offense to its release, nor is it surprising that Sony eventually decided to release it, but perhaps the most unsurprising thing about it is the fact that James Franco and Seth Rogen really like rectums. I'm assuming that during one of their coke-fueled bro sessions (I assume they have those in real life), they once again found their sixth-grade humor, thought about their luscious behinds, and decided to make a movie about peeing and pooping in North Korea.
Of course, the success of Rogen and Franco rests on this type of immature humor, and it has certainly worked in the past. However, The Interview takes “hit or miss” and deletes the first two words of that phrase, pointing and laughing as Aaron Rapoport (Rogen) is sticking something up his humongous chasm of an asshole or as Dave Skylark (Franco) is being an insufferable douche. There's nothing wrong with their brand of humor if it's well-executed, but this movie's humor is sloppily handled throughout, constantly returning to the same overdone jokes and physical comedy. Franco essentially parodies himself–it's not as clever as you think, man–Rogen does nothing, and Lizzy Caplan one-ups both of them in her 1.2 seconds of screen time…before being unceremoniously shoved off to the side.
Interestingly enough, the most humor is found in Randall Park's excellent performance as Kim Jong-un. It's a tough role to pull off, but he does it beautifully, and Park's comic presence automatically elevates Franco's performance from unbearable to less unbearable. The actual interview segment of the movie is well done by both, and the climax has some entertaining bits that are too little, too late. Ultimately, there are a few throwaway lines about journalistic integrity and a few references to Kim Jong-un's oppressive regime, but Rogen and Franco are simply interested in making a buddy comedy. That's perfectly fine, but the comedy part is lost in the shuffle, and The Interview will live on as a culturally significant movie with an inverse relationship between publicity and actual humor.
GRADE: C
OTHER THOUGHTS:
-The first 10 minutes or so are easily the funniest. It begins with a North Korean girl singing a song about Kim Jong-un that quickly turns into an “I hate America” bit, and it's followed up with some great cameos that have nothing to do with the North Korean part of the movie.
-Diana Bang plays Sook, a propagandist for Kim Jong-un. She's pretty good.
-It's stated in the movie that Kim Jong-Un likes The Big Bang Theory. Looks like he has the same bad taste as much of the American public.
-The movie is actually really well shot. The credit there goes to Brandon Trost.
-I'm really interested to see how this fares online. Simultaneously releasing it in theaters and online makes this a case study for movies in general.
-This whole situation is not about the First Amendment, for those who say it is.
SPOILER SPACE
-The Eminem cameo is pretty great. “I was basically leaving a breadcrumb trail of gayness.” “It looks like the real Slim Shady just stood up.” “He's cleaning out his closet…and he finds himself!”
-Speaking of, the cameos are pretty great, and I very much enjoyed Joseph Gordon-Levitt and the puppies.
-Jean-Ralphio!
– “Don't shake that hand…Aaron is a Jew!”
-Kim Jong-un dying in an explosion while a slowed-down version of “Firework” plays in the background is a great visual, but the ending of the movie in general is hardly anything special. That dog, though.
Photo credit: The Interview, Sony Pictures
Today I released version 2.1 of Wad Compiler, a lazy functional programming language and IDE for the construction of Doom maps.
This comes about a year after version 2.0. The most significant change is an adjustment to the line splitting algorithm to fix a long-standing issue when you try to draw a new linedef over the top of an existing one, but in the opposite direction. Now that this bug is fixed, it's much easier to overdraw vertical or horizontal lines without needing an awareness of the direction of the original lines.
The other big changes are in the GUI, which has been cleaned up a fair bit, now had undone/redo support, the initial window size is twice as large, and it now supports internationalisation, with a partial French translation included.
This version is dedicated to the memory of Professor Seymour Papert (1928-2016), co-inventor of the LOGO programming language.
For more information see the release notes and the reference.
The long awaited Rowan University Chickie and Petes opened on Monday January 23rd, and 42 Freeways was there!
It was a quiet opening at the bar/restaurant… well quiet in that they haven't promoted the opening at all. Not even a mention in their Facebook page. But when you are located in the heart of the Rowan Boulevard complex, there are enough students there to PACK the place!
We got there around 8 and were lucky enough to grab a spot at the bar. It's a large bar and we grabbed the last two spots. At this time it also seemed that most of the seats were taken in the large dining area. Later on when we left around 9:30, the Monday crowd had lightened a bit, which is a good thing considering school was tommorrow. Ha.
The decor is very true to the signature South Philly restaurant. The bar, woodwork and seating was very reminiscent of the local chains premier spot.
The menu also represented the entire Chickie and Pete's menu… including the delicious Lobster Tail trio platter!
Honestly, I found the inside surprisingly large. High ceilings give plenty of room for large televisions and liquor shelves behind the bar. The bar, while I didn't count the seats, it probably handles 50 customers. In signature Chickie and Pete's fashion, it wraps around in a few directions out of sight, wrapping a back bar area displaying alchohol.
The overall shape of the restaurant is an L with several defined eating areas, and a large multiscreen TV in a prominent place.
While there is no outdoor bar or interconnected patio… there is outside seating with a large fire pit at the entrance to the eatery.
Parking is best found across the street, as behind the row of building is a parking garage
Chickie and Pete's joins several other businesses including Barnes and Noble and Tony Lukes. Additional expansion of the main boulevard continues.
While management was looking for a slower start-up focused on the Rowan students… I think the students will rule the place for a bit and I expect the 42Freeway fans and Facebook shares to get the word out quickly!
Sorry about the pic quality.. My iPhone 7s always takes awesome pics but as I was grabbing some quick photos on the way out, it looks like I didn't give the lens time to focus.
I
The Snowden leaks are still telling us things we need to know about mass surveillance. The newer revelations may no longer feel as shocking as those that sent the tech world reeling last year but, for example, a few fairly damning articles taught us a lot this week about how closely certain non-U.S. governments are working with the Americans on their spying endeavors.
The broader story came from The Intercept and Denmark's Dagbladet Information, which on Thursday revealed how some foreign governments that aren't in the Anglophone “Five Eyes” club allowed the NSA to tap the core fiberoptic cables running through their territory. This is apparently in addition to NSA tapping operations that rely only on cable companies' connivance, without the knowledge of local authorities.
Advertisement
We already knew the tapping was going on with the cooperation of select, security-cleared individuals within the telecommunications companies that run the cables — this interception of traffic is fundamental to the NSA's global surveillance activities. We also knew that the U.K. NSA partner, GCHQ, had advised intelligence agencies in Germany, France, Sweden and Spain how to tweak or work around their own privacy laws, to allow such tapping.
The NSA slides reported on by The Intercept and Dagbladet tie all that together, referring to an “unconventional special access” program called RAMPART-A, through which foreign partners allow the NSA to put its equipment on their cables. The underlying agreement ensures that the U.S. can't collect host country data and the host country can't collect U.S. data, though “there are exceptions” – and in any case, if the U.S. has agreements with all those countries, the resulting patchwork is comprehensive.
In the slides' own phrasing:
RAMPART-A has access to international communications from anywhere around the world. SSO/RAMPART-A stands ready to support your intelligence gathering needs.
NSA's friends
Who's in? Some of these “third-party”, non-Five Eyes partners, as listed in other Snowden documents: Algeria, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Macedonia, the Netherlands, Norway, Pakistan, Poland, Romania, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand, Tunisia, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.
According to Thursday's stories, RAMPART-A, which cost around $170 million between 2011 and 2013, involves at least 13 sites, three of which touch roughly 70 cables. The Snowden documents apparently don't say where these sites are, but suggest Germany and Denmark are involved. The inability to match codenames to places is frustrating – for example, we know a site called TRANQUIL “shut down in June 2010” (a fact accompanies by a sad face on the presentation slides) and there was some “issue” with FIREBIRD and FLASHMARK.
Interestingly, the documents say that “most RAMPART-A Third-party partners work the fiber projects under the cover of an overt Comsat effort.” The Intercept reckons this suggests the tapping “takes place at Cold War-era eavesdropping stations in the host countries, usually identifiable by their large white satellite dishes and radomes.”
Which brings us to Germany, a country that is due to its history full of old U.S. army compounds and spy stations – I took the picture at the top of this piece at Teufelsberg, a very atmospheric abandoned NSA station in a forest in west Berlin. Many of those facilities remain in use, most importantly the “Dagger Complex” listening station at Griesheim, south of Frankfurt, but also in Berlin, Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Bad Aibling and Wiesbaden.
Wharpdrive
This week Der Spiegel published a trove of Snowden documents that showed close cooperation between the NSA and its German equivalent, the BND. In one incident, the BND apparently helped the NSA avoid disaster after “commercial consortium personnel” discovered the secret “Wharpdrive” cable-tapping operation – indeed, the documents suggest the BND ran Wharpdrive.
Der Spiegel expressed concern that the cooperation between the agencies meant Germany may be aiding drone strikes, for example. In an editorial, it said either the NSA was using German soil to carry out mass monitoring without the German government's knowledge, or it had the government's cooperation. “If that's the case, the chancellor and her interior minister need to inform the public, because it means they share blame for the actions of the Americans — and for the Americans' apparent use of data acquired in Germany to kill suspected terrorists,” the magazine said.
Yet again, fresh revelations are confirming the fact that many governments are in this mass surveillance thing together. That's depressing because it means that, even where U.S. lawmakers try to rein the NSA in – for example, by voting to defund some of its programs, as representatives did late Thursday – there's this huge partnership framework that means the dirty work can always be passed around as expediency dictates.
Legislative change is obviously worth pursuing, but in the meantime companies and individuals should do what they can to make it harder for prying eyes to see. Spies will always spy.
According to eMarketer, a digital marketing analysis firm, Facebook is still the number one social network by a large margin, but second and third place go to Google's Google+ and YouTube.
That Facebook is number one, with its 1.11 billion members , is no surprise. EMarketer believes that just over half, 51 percent, of all internet users visit Facebook at least once a month. The company also stated that worldwide Facebook penetration will only continue to grow higher, reaching 60 percent of internet users by year's end.
Behind Facebook, things get more interesting. There are numerous companies fighting it out for second place, with Google+ out front at 26 percent of internet users. Google+!? Yes, Google+. As eMarketer stated, "In the US, Google+ gets limited attention, though its user base is growing. Worldwide, Google+ has been much more successful."
This analysis agrees with GlobalWebIndex's numbers. GlobalWebIndex found in January 2013 that Google+ had moved into second place , with approximately 343 million active users.
YouTube, which both analysis groups now consider a social network, is right behind Google+ with 25 percent. Combined, eMarketer concluded "that Google, which owns YouTube, is giving Facebook a run for its money in the global social network space".
Of the other major Western social networks, only Twitter, with 22 percent in fourth place, was above 20 percent. Twitter, by eMarketer's count, is growing quickly. "Between Q2 2012 and Q1 2013, active users of Twitter rose 42 percent globally."
The other most popular global social networks, those with more than 10 percent of the global social network market, are all regional Chinese networks. The top three, in order of popularity, after Twitter are Sina Weibo, at 21 percent; Qzone, at 21 percent; and Tencent, at 20 percent.
Of the other Western social networks, only LinkedIn, at 8 percent, and Pinterest, at 4 percent, broke into the top 15 global social network list. A better way of describing these networks isn't with the word "Western", but non-Chinese.
As eMarketer described the global social network market, "Chinese social networks garnered among the greatest percentage of users worldwide, a reflection of both the vastness of the social audience in China and the limited availability of foreign properties, like Facebook, in the country." At the same time, if you look at the countries with the greatest rate of growth in social networking, you'll find, in this order, Indonesia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the US, and Russia. Much of this new growth is being driven by smartphone and tablet users.
What all this means for business is if you're going to spend marketing dollars on social networks, the biggest bang for your buck in most countries will be from either Facebook or the Google+/YouTube pairing. Twitter would be your next choice. As for the other social networks, unless you're looking to the Chinese markets or want to reach business people on LinkedIn, they're far in the back.
Related stories
President Trump's job approval rating hit a new low Saturday, according to new Gallup polling.
Only 40 percent of Americans approve of the job that the president is doing, while 55 percent disapprove, according to the Gallup poll, which tracks the percentage of Americans who approve of disapprove of the job Trump is doing as president.
The results are based on a three-day rolling average.
The daily results are based on interviews with about 1,500 adults. The margin of error is 3 percent.
ADVERTISEMENT
The president's approval ratings have been dropping slightly since he assumed office, according to Gallup. At the beginning of his presidency, Trump had a 45 percent job approval rating.
The president has spurred several controversies throughout the first several weeks of his presidency.
He has faced backlash in recent weeks for his order halting the refugee program and barring citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. Many lawmakers came out against the order, which caused protests across the country.
Last week, a three-judge panel upheld a hold on the ban's implementation.
Protestors have also demonstrated against raids that have occurred following the president's executive order ramping up immigration enforcement. The president tweeted on that the crackdown on "illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise."
Report by David Anderson QC says intelligence about suicide bomber Salman Abedi before he struck was misinterpreted
Ministers have vowed to overhaul Britain's fight against terrorism after a report revealed chances to thwart the Manchester attack were missed and the leader of the London Bridge assault struck while under investigation by MI5 as a threat to national security.
The findings followed this year's spate of atrocities that killed 36 people, and come as the level of threat is assessed by counter-terrorism experts to have markedly increased, with warnings more attacks will get through Britain's defences.
Internal reviews by MI5 and the police cleared themselves of making serious mistakes that allowed terrorists to strike. But a summary of the findings revealed that the attack on Manchester Arena that killed 22 people might have been prevented if different decisions had been made by MI5.
The security agency had intelligence about the suicide bomber, Salman Abedi, whose “true significance was not appreciated at the time”, a report by the barrister David Anderson QC said. He said that with hindsight, different decisions might have been taken, but it was unknowable whether Abedi would then have been stopped. He declined to endorse MI5's view it would not.
Reviews of the four UK terrorist attacks between March and June this year were overseen by Anderson to provide assurance to the government that the internal reviews by the police and MI5 were thorough enough.
The attacks came as MI5 faced a surge in jihadist activity, facing more plots in the first half of 2017 than in all of 2016.
The plots thwarted since March now have reached nine, with two more charged on Tuesday with an alleged attack plot.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Salman Abedi's significance was ‘not appreciated at the time'. Photograph: AP
The attack that MI5, which leads intelligence gathering on counter-terrorism, is most troubled by was the one in Manchester, where Abedi detonated a suicide bomb in the worst atrocity in Britain since the 2005 attacks on London's transport system.
Anderson said: “It is conceivable that the Manchester attack in particular might have been averted had the cards fallen differently.”
In the weeks before the Manchester attack on 22 May, an exercise to examine which of 20,000 former terror suspects were worth further inquiry identified Abedi as “one of a small number of individuals, out of a total of more than 20,000 closed SOIs [subjects of interest], who merited further examination”. But the meeting to discuss this was not scheduled until 31 May.
Intelligence received by the counter-terrorism unit for the north west was not fully appreciated and thought to concern gang-related criminality, not terrorism.
Anderson said: “On two separate occasions in the months prior to the attack, intelligence was received by MI5 whose significance was not fully appreciated at the time. It was assessed at the time not to be [related to] terrorism but to possible non-nefarious activity or to criminality on the part of Salman Abedi.
“In retrospect, the intelligence can be seen to have been highly relevant to the planned attack.”
But the volume of work faced by counter-terrorism investigators means resources are being shifted as suspects rise and fall in the danger they are assessed to pose. “The reason why the judgements can be tough is that they are made against a background of imperfect information, and yet frequently require staff to choose which of a number of current and potentially deadly threats is more deserving of scarce investigative resources,”, Anderson said.
From Anderson, the home secretary and a family of one of those murdered, there was sympathy for the complexity of the task faced by MI5 and the police.
Dan Hett, whose brother Martyn died in the Manchester attack, said: “I can't imagine the kind of complexity that these services deal with, and the level of decision that they need to make constantly ... Applying 20/20 hindsight to a difficult and stressful scenario is tempting but needs to be framed within the wider context of what they're dealing with daily.”
Khuram Butt was under active MI5 investigation when he struck with the two other London Bridge attackers in June, and was suspected of potential involvement in attack planning. He was also on bail for criminal matter.
He was an acolyte of the extremist preacher Anjem Choudary, himself jailed for urging support of Islamic State.
Butt was described as increasing his operational security and by 2017 worked at the Ummah fitness centre in east London, where he met his fellow attacker Rachid Redouane. He taught Qur'an classes to youngsters alongside his other co-conspirator, Youssef Zaghba.
MI5, in the weeks before Butt and the two others struck at London Bridge, was still trying to gauge what danger he posed.
Anderson said: “The unpalatable lesson of London Bridge is that even priority subjects of interest in respect of whom sound decisions are being made ... may retain the ability to conceal their attack planning from the authorities.”
The reviews concluded that Khalid Masood, the Westminster attacker, and Darren Osborne, the Finsbury Park attacker – who was motivated by an extreme rightwing ideology, could not have been stopped, even with hindsight. Masood was the third person known to MI5 to attack in 2017 and was a former suspect, who used YouTube to help prepare his attack.
Anderson stressed the warning from security and police chiefs that not everything can be stopped. The attackers behind Westminster and Finsbury Park “would have been far from the top of any rationally compiled threat grid are always likely to emerge and strike opportunistically with readily available weapons”, with the deaths inflicted by car, knives and readily available chemicals to make Abedi's bombs.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Candles lie along Westminster Bridge following the terror attack in March. Photograph: Andy Rain/EPA
In the Commons, home secretary Amber Rudd Rudd signalled a shift in the government's approach, promising counter-terrorism policing would have the funding it needed and confirming her intention to bring in new counter-terrorism laws next year.
The new emphasis includes much greater sharing of intelligence data between the security services and local authorities, with the first multi-agency panel to be piloted in Manchester. She said there would also be a new approach to managing domestic extremism, particularly extreme rightwing groups, where their activity met the definition of terrorism. Greater attention will be made to assess data available on suspects past and present, such as their online activity.
Rudd kept open the possibility of a further inquiry and parliament's intelligence and security committee is expected to investigate.
Counter-terrorism policing is facing a 7% budget cut and police chiefs warn neighbourhood policing, crucial to getting intelligence, is threatened by a financial squeeze.
Manchester mayor Andy Burnham said: “Real-term cuts to the police budget must stop and increases are given to reflect the greater work load and the growing threat,” he said.
Anderson said the reforms were more urgent given the increased terrorist activity: “In an increasingly high volume business, where success and failure depend on tiny margins, there will almost certainly be future cases in which these recommendations tip the balance in favour of the security forces.”
A man accused by another Columbia student of raping her walked across the New York City university's stage in a cap and gown yesterday (May 19), to receive a class of 2015 pin during Class Day, one of this week's graduation events.
A few minutes later, the woman who alleges that he raped her walked across the same stage carrying a mattress, a sign of the burden she has carried as a student since her sophomore year, when she says the rape happened.
Emma Sulkowicz has been carrying the mattress with her to all her classes since the beginning of this school year, in a performance art piece that was also her senior thesis. She said she would carry the mattress around campus until she and her alleged rapist no longer attended the same school.
She and others have argued that should have happened with his expulsion. But it didn't happen until both students graduated.
The college conducted an investigation and hearing and cleared the accused student, Paul Nungesser (whose name has widely been reported in the press), of wrongdoing in this case and two others brought against him (paywall).
Whichever party is telling the truth, the story that ends with Sulkowicz carrying her mattress across that stage is one that speaks to the many frustrations of sexual assault survivors on US campuses.
In the 2013-14 fiscal year alone, the US Department of Education's office for civil rights received 854 complaints (pdf, pg. 24) alleging misconduct in schools' treatment of sexual and gender harassment, and sexual violence. The department is currently investigating Columbia University and 110 other colleges for their handling of sexual violence, department spokesman Jim Bradshaw tells Quartz via email.
Rape is often a very difficult crime to prosecute—witnesses are rare, and definitions and societal understanding of what assault is varied to the point of confusing both a survivor and a jury.
A 2007 survey (pdf) of two college campuses found that survivors may not even know that what happened to them was an assault, and are unlikely to pursue charges or university action. The researchers asked about specific experiences, and classified them as assault if the victim experienced unwanted sexual contact. In the chart below of unreported assaults, “forced” refers to assaults that happened through “physical force (or threats of physical force)” and “incapacitated” refers to “any unwanted sexual contact occurring when a victim is unable to provide consent or stop what is happening because she is passed out, drugged, drunk, incapacitated, or asleep.”
Critics say that colleges are often ill-equipped to handle sexual assault cases, and the accuser is burdened with deciding whether to pursue criminal charges, a school investigation, both, or none. Besides the low chances of prosecutors successfully pursuing the case, there is the psychological effect of having to relive an assault during the legal process.
Sulkowicz did report the incident to Columbia, and she told New York Magazine's the Cut last year that the university botched the investigation. She later reported it to police, but said she did not press the district attorney's office to pursue charges against her alleged attacker because of the amount of time the investigation would take, and her negative experiences talking to police.
“I decided I didn't want to pursue it any further because they told it me it would take nine months to a year to actually go to court, which would be after I graduated and probably wanting to erase all of my memories of Columbia from my brain anyway, so I decided not to pursue it.”
Last month Paul Nungesser filed a gender discrimination lawsuit against the school for its lack of support against what he calls Sulkowicz's “harassment campaign.”
Columbia University provided the following statement to Quartz about the yesterday's Class Day stage incident. (The school had sent an email asking students not to bring “large objects” to the ceremonies):
We communicated to all students that the shared celebratory purpose of Class Day and Commencement calls for mutual respect for the security and comfort of graduating students and their families in attendance. We are not going to comment on individual students; it is a day for all members of the Class of 2015. We were not going to physically block entry to graduates who are ultimately responsible for their own choices.
Quartz has reached out to Sulkowicz for comment and will update this post with any response.
Nungesser's attorney, Andrew Miltenberg, tells Quartz, “It's very disappointing that Columbia has allowed Ms. Sulkowicz to continue to harass and bully Mr. Nungesser after he was found not responsible for her allegations.”
Sulkowicz told the AP last month that her art piece wasn't meant to intimidate Nungesser. “It's ridiculous that he would read it as a ‘bullying strategy,'” she said, “when really it's just an artistic expression of the personal trauma I've experienced at Columbia.”
She told the New York Times yesterday that her art piece is now complete.
SENATORS are failing to turn up for votes in the Seanad with an average of one in four missing every time, the Irish Independent can reveal.
SENATORS are failing to turn up for votes in the Seanad with an average of one in four missing every time, the Irish Independent can reveal.
Revealed: one in four senators miss each vote
A comprehensive study of votes in the Seanad in the past 12 months has found shocking levels of absenteeism by senators, who are paid €60,000 a year. Ahead of next week's Seanad abolition referendum, the finding that senators don't bother to turn up for one in four votes undermines claims about the Upper House's importance as a legislative chamber. Voting is a fundamental part of an Oireachtas member's functions.
Embarrassingly for the Seanad, some of the lowest turnouts were for votes on the Social Welfare Bill, which affects welfare rates; and the Personal Insolvency Bill, which is aimed at tackling the mortgage crisis.
But one of the highest turnouts was a vote on the future of the Seanad.
Almost all senators turned up to vote on the bill to have a referendum on the Upper House, which is taking place on Friday week.
The one party campaigning to save the Seanad – Fianna Fail – had the worst voting record of the main parties.
However, Independent senators, such as Taoiseach's nominees Fiach MacConghail, Mary-Ann O'Brien and Marie-Louise O'Donnell, have among the worst records of all.
The senators with the best voting records are all from Fine Gael, which operates a strict whip system.
But a senator with a low attendance record described senators under the whip system as "pond life".
To compile the results, the Irish Independent tabulated more than 12,000 individual votes, logging each senator's actions on all 207 votes in the Seanad from September 2012 to August 2013.
The analysis found the average turnout for votes was just 43 senators out of a total voting cohort of 58 – an average turnout of 74pc.
There are 60 senators in total, but Cathoirleach Paddy Burke was excluded from the calculations as he does not vote. Former senator Martin McAleese was also left out as he resigned his Seanad seat earlier this year.
Although a number of the senators say they only vote on serious legislation and issues they have detailed knowledge of, the findings do not back up these claims.
They also insisted they do not vote on the Seanad's Order of Business – which lays out how the chamber will run on any given day – because it can be a "farce".
The Order of Business often goes on for over an hour and senators can give speeches on random topics.
Only 28 senators voted on the later stages of the Social Welfare Bill, with 28 voting on aspects of the personal insolvency legislation.
However, 58 senators voted at one stage on the issue of Seanad abolition, just one shy of a full turnout since Taoiseach Enda Kenny had by this stage replaced Mr McAleese – a Taoiseach's appointee – with Fine Gael's Hildegarde Naughton.
The senator with the worst voting record is Mr MacConghail, a campaigner for reform of the Seanad and director of the Abbey Theatre, who voted only one in every five times.
"I voted on issues and legislation that I felt I have contributed to or competent in assessing," he said.
"Your analysis has to distinguish between divisions on legislation and voting at Order of Business. That can be a farce.
"In other words, I've been in the House when a vote was called but wouldn't vote for the reasons above. I'm not whipped either.
"Does that make me better or worse than someone who has been whipped? The Abbey would take me away from Seanad business at times."
Independent Senator Prof John Crown said he had stated when I went to the Seanad "it wouldn't be full time".
"You'll notice the ones with the best records are whipped," he said.
Ms O'Donnell said she votes on "issues I am informed on".
"But I do not vote when all that jig-acting is going on," she said about the Order of Business.
KNOWLEDGE
She also said she had outside commitments but insisted her work with RTE, where she contributes as a broadcaster, did not get in the way since she arranged this on days when the Seanad wasn't sitting.
Ms O'Brien, who founded Lily O'Brien Chocolates and the Jack and Jill foundation for sick children, admitted she had more time away from her business now since standing down as a director and becoming chairman of her chocolate company.
However, she also said she would usually only vote on issues that she had knowledge of, and also pointed out that, as an Independent, she was not whipped.
She said she would vote "if it is something I feel passionately about – like the respite care grant, which we did nearly swing about".
Ms O'Brien said it was different for TDs and senators who are under a party whip.
"There's the pond life but they've got to vote on all issues, they can't make an actual difference," she said.
Former Labour Party senator James Heffernan has the second worst record at just 23pc of votes. He did not respond to calls from the Irish Independent.
By Fiach Kelly Political Correspondent
Irish Independent
There is no Russian resurgence. Washington is playing on your Cold War fears to get you to pay for something the U.S. does not need and can't afford.
In one of the key justifications for the new $600 billion defense spending request, the Department of Defense has fallen back on a tried-and-true Cold War boogeyman: the threat of Russian aggression against allies in Europe. While there is no ignoring the Russian annexation of Crimea in 2014 and the Russo-Georgian war in 2008, to interpret these events as some kind of Russian “resurgence” is to grossly inflate the danger Russia poses to NATO and the United States.
Ukraine and Georgia were targeted precisely because they fell outside of U.S. security guarantees, lacked significant strategic importance to the west, and, most importantly from the Russian viewpoint, were making overt moves toward NATO membership. Russia has long opposed the expansion of NATO into its traditional sphere of influence. The reasons are rooted in a history of aggression from Western Europe, as memories of the devastation meted out by Napoleon, Kaiser Wilhelm, and Hitler still linger.
While Russia suffered little for its war against Georgia, the annexation of Crimea proved to be an incredibly damaging move. Though Crimea has been a historic lynchpin of Russian grand strategy for centuries, its open use of military force and political manipulation there in the midst of the Ukrainian Revolution drew an immediate response in the form of sanctions from the West. Russia is paying a massive economic and diplomatic cost for its aggression against Ukraine, from its ejection from the G8 to the cratering of its currency.
It is important to keep all this in mind when looking at the assumptions underlying the Pentagon's budget request. President Barack Obama wants to quadruple the budget for the European Reassurance Initiative, or ERI, from $789 million to $3.4 billion. What's the ERI? It's a U.S. program started in 2014 in response to the Crimean annexation to bolster the ability of NATO to deal with destabilizing actions. In other words: Obama just asked Congress to fund the biggest military buildup by NATO in Eastern Europe since the Cold War.
But what will this program accomplish? It's meant to deter further Russian aggression, but fails to identify where that aggression might reasonably fall. A NATO buildup of this magnitude also neglects to take into account just how provocative such a move would be; by concentrating troops on Russia's border, we are playing into Putin's long-standing criticisms of NATO encirclement.
Claims that any NATO member is at risk of Russian invasion is a flawed reading of recent history. No matter what one might think of Putin, the idea that he would risk a war with NATO is ridiculous on its face. That is a no-win scenario, and Putin's past behavior all points to interventions where there is a very minimal risk of western involvement.
The Russian Federation of today is not the Soviet Union of the 1980s, despite the fervent wishes of those looking to restart the Cold War. Moscow's military spending has increased in real terms and as a percentage of GDP in the last several years. Current estimates figure it between $70 billion and 85 billion (which matches about 15 percent of the U.S. defense budget). But Russia's economy is in recession. The Russian military no longer has the ability to mobilize the combined forces of the USSR and Warsaw Pact as it once did. Nearly all of its former client states, with the exception of Ukraine, Belarus, and Moldova, are now NATO members. No amount of spending or technological development by Russia is going to change the fact NATO countries represent over 900 million people who spend nearly a trillion dollars per annum on defense.
The Defense Department is inflating the threat Russia poses, which allows the Obama administration, senior military leaders, and supporters in Congress to justifying maintaining the historic highs in defense spending, which in real terms in now more than the U.S. spent during the Cold War. Meanwhile, the U.S. debt continues to grow ever-staggering heights while critical investment opportunities are ignored. The U.S. budget, despite the $4 trillion price tag this year, is finite. Billions that go to support placing more equipment in Eastern Europe and putting an armored brigade on rotation are billions that cannot be spent retraining U.S. workers or rebuilding America's failing infrastructure.
President Dwight D. Eisenhower, shortly after the death of Joseph Stalin in 1953, eloquently stated, “Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.” Voters and their representatives have a choice to make: continue down the road of reckless spending to counter phantom threats, or acknowledge that to truly secure the future of this country, we must tend to our own house and strengthen its foundations.
Seeing as how my first two posts were about writing, I figured it's time to share something about vet school. Before I get into the specifics of my time at Michigan State University's College of Veterinary Medicine, I should cover the basics of vet med.
So, what does it take to become a veterinarian? Usually, it takes 8 years of schooling after high school. Nearly everyone in vet school has an undergraduate degree in some sort of science concentration. We've all had to take classes such as organic chemistry, animal genetics, and microbiology. Once you're in your final year of undergrad you can apply to vet school.
This is hard.
Some veterinarians will tell you that vet school is straight up harder than med school and, therefore, each individual vet school is harder to get into than a medical school. I've never bought into this philosophy. What is undoubtedly true is that it is extremely hard to get into vet school simply because there are so few of them. While there are currently 141 medical schools in the United States, there are only 30 veterinary schools. With far fewer options, it's far more likely that an applicant is not going to get in anywhere.
Number of schools aside, vet school is hard to get into for other reasons. As I've stated, the undergraduate course load is quite demanding. The average undergraduate GPA for an incoming vet school student is roughly 3.5, which means you need to average between a B+ and an A- for all of your classes. In addition, vet school requires hundreds of hours of practical experience. That means during at least one summer of undergrad you should be volunteering or working at a vet clinic getting hands-on experience in the field. This is what I did, and most of my classmates did way more than this. We're talking working at a vet clinic for years or dealing with animals since they were a kid.
Vet school applicants also have to take the GREs, which are basically a super version of the SATs. You'll want to study for this for a few months beforehand during your junior year of undergrad.
So that covers what you need to do to get into vet school. How about once you're there?
In just 2.5 more years you'll be doing this!
Vet school is hard, but not as impossible and soul-crushing as some would tell you. At least not until fifth semester. I heard horror stories about staying up until midnight every single night studying and never having a single moment to yourself. In my experience, that's just not true. (Again, not until fifth semester. I've never hated anything more.)
First, the overall curriculum. I'm sure each vet school is a little different, but they all last four years which are split up into normal classes and working in the school's teaching hospital. At MSU, our first 5 semesters (2.5 years) are normal classes and labs. Our last 3 semesters (1.5 years) are spent in the school's hospital or at other approved facilities where we gain practical experience. So let's break this down further. And please remember, this is all based on my personal experience at my vet school. Everyone studies and learns differently; we all have our strengths and weaknesses. Personally, I'm able to study classroom stuff easier than a lot of my classmates and therefore spend less time on it, but it takes me longer to learn practical stuff like surgical techniques.
So, first year is spent studying how the body normally works. This is where you'll study how immune systems function, animal nutrition, and anatomy & physiology. There's also some lighter, more fun classes about veterinary ethics and the business aspects of the profession. We spent 3 – 4 hours everyday in a classroom, and then a few days a week we would spend another 2 – 3 hours in an anatomy or histology (microscopes!) lab.
Overall, I think there are two big challenges first year. The first is figuring out how to study. Even in my last years of undergrad, I barely studied for my exams; probably just a couple hours the night before a test. I remember after our very first exam in vet school the professors gave our entire class a big speech because we all pretty much failed. So that was fun. Basically, the subjects are so dense in vet school and we go over so much information that you can't just skim through the book for a couple hours the night before a test. Most people would go over their notes for a couple hours each day and then even more in the days leading up to an exam. Almost always, I would just stay up all night and study for 8 – 10 hours the night before exams. During my first and second years of vet school, I was working hard on my novel and scripts, so I didn't study nearly as much as my classmates. My super awesome innate study skills helped make up for this, but I'm still nowhere near the top of my class. (Seriously, nowhere near it.)
The second challenge that first year, especially first semester, was anatomy. First semester anatomy was the hardest class I ever had in vet school, and it's the first thing you take. You've got a couple hours of lectures and then you're spending another 6 – 9 hours in the lab every week. And that's not counting any additional time you want to spend in there to study. This is one class where the horror stories I heard were true: we literally went over every muscle, bone, and organ in the body. We needed to know what they did, what they connected to, and how they functioned. For our exams, we walked around the anatomy lab where they would have random bones and muscles on each table. Then they asked us things like, “What is the origin of this muscle? What is this part of the humerus called?” So yeah, that sucked. Big time. Also, you smell like formaldehyde a lot.
The coolest parts of first year were feeling like you were actually learning something and the sense of camaraderie among the class. I started out the year very shy and kept mostly to myself, but by summer break I couldn't help but feel a big connection to many of my classmates. You spend so many hours together worrying about the same stuff that you can't help but grow closer.
One last thing about first year you should know is that there are different types of vet students you'll be working with. There are the Gunners, the super-dedicated people who spend every minute studying. These guys are extremely talented, incredibly intelligent, and usually abrasive. They're the ones who won't vote for a group anatomy final exam even though there are literally 110 votes for it and one against it and you need 100% agreement for the measure to pass! I”m still mad about that!
I will find you one day, Student X. And I will not cover you in rounds.
There's also the Houdinis, the students who you never ever see. These guys never go to class, instead watching the lecture recordings online. If they're not in one of your lab groups, they'll only show up once every week or two for exams. You'll constantly wonder if they're really in your class or are just some crazy person who wandered off the street and wanted to see what vet school was like.
Lastly, the Good Guys make up the majority of the class. These are the ones who will quiz you before an exam, who will offer you a hug when you're dead tired from staying up all night studying, the ones who'll grab a beer with you on Friday night after an excruciating week. These are your friends and the ones you'll always love.
So that's first year. Second year gets even harder. Whereas I thought that first semester Anatomy was the only real tough class first year, second year everything gets turned up a notch. They weren't all as hard as Anatomy was, but the combined difficulty made up for it. This is the year where you learn how things go wrong in the body. We dove deep into pharmacology, toxicology, and pathology. We had courses on respiratory, cardiovascular, and musculoskeletal diseases. So yeah, lots of studying. I still stuck with my “night before cramming”, but it wasn't fun.
The cool thing about second year is the Principles of Anesthesia & Surgery class we had fourth semester. This was where we learned the basics of, you guessed it, surgery and anesthesia. We had a hands-on lab every week where we learned how to work the anesthesia machine, gown up and put our gloves on, drape our patients, how to suture, and lots more. We didn't learn how to do any specific surgeries, but we had a basic set of information on how to prep for it and close up after. It was a lot of fun.
A block of fake skin and subcutaneous tissue, aka a suture pad. Many tranquil hours are spent running a needle and suture through this thing.
So second year was hard, but by the end of it I thought I had a good grasp on vet school. I'd even heard that second year was the hardest, and I'd actually improved my grades a bit from the year before and learned things I'd never thought I'd be able to do, like prep for surgery and tie surgical knots. So when I came back from summer and started third year, I thought things would be pretty easy.
That didn't last long.
Third year breaks you. We had nine classes, which was more than ever before. As usual, the course load was intense with classes such as Theriogenology, Neurology, & Endocrine Disease. The real killer, though, was our Operative Surgery course. Let's talk about that.
Second year's Principles of Anesthesia & Surgery was easy. You reviewed what we would be doing in each lab over lunch, showed up for a couple hours, and spent a hour or two over the weekend practicing knots or suture patterns with the TV on in the background. I actually found the course rather relaxing. Not so with freaking Operative Surgery. This time, we needed to memorize how to perform a new surgery each week. They started us off small with abdominal explorations and skin reconstruction, but soon we had to learn 3 eye surgeries for a single lab or completely insane knee repairs. (I should note that these surgeries were all done on cadavers from shelters or the hospital; no animals were killed or hurt just for these operations.) This would have been tough but manageable, but sprinkled throughout the semester were 3 live spays and neuters.
Spays and neuters are the backbone of any small animal veterinary practice. They're an incredibly common, safe, and even easy procedure. A skilled vet can do a neuter in five minutes, a Spam may take 10 – 15. Even for us newbies, learning the mechanics of these procedures wasn't a terrible challenge. What was challenging was coming to the terms with the fact that, for the first time, we would be cutting into a living, breathing animal. Even worse, in our surgical groups of 3, each person had a different job for each of the 3 surgeries. This meant that we had to know every detail about 3 different aspects of surgery. Once I was the anesthetist, so I needed to make sure I completely knew how to operate the anesthesia machine, monitor patients, fill out the anesthesia chart, prep the patient for surgery, and wake them up. Another time I was the surgeon, which meant I needed to memorize every detail about the procedure down to what type and size of suture had to be used and what pattern to place it in. We also had to learn to be surgical assistants. That was actually easy and basically amounted to handing instruments to the surgeon. That I could do!
Somehow even worse, these labs were all scheduled at the worst times. They were usually one or two nights before big exams. Considering we usually finished surgery around 5pm and had to come back to check on patients later that night, this wasn't conducive to studying. One lab was smack dab in the middle of a 3 week period where we had 6 exams, so yeah. There were lots of tears from all of us.
Then, at the very end of fifth semester, they decided to give 7 exams in 9 days. (Exams on Thursday & Friday, weekend off, then one exam each day next week.) We'd never experienced anything like this. All 4 previous semesters had 2 days of finals, a study day, and then 2 more days of finals for a total of 4 tests. Why remove our study day in the middle and throw in another 3 exams? Because why not! Oh, and of course the class worth the least credits, right in the middle of these exams, was made cumulative.
So in summation, fifth semester of vet school is the worst thing in the world.
A rare happy moment in fifth semester. The weary smile is because live surgeries were finally over.
Tomorrow I start the final phase of vet school; my clinical rotations. Over the next 18 months we have over twenty 3-week rotations where we'll actually put everything we've learned into practice. Half of these rotations are required for all of us no matter what type of vet we want to be. We all have to take a large animal rotation, a small animal rotation, an emergency medicine rotation, etc. But we also get to choose a lot of them. I'm lucky and got into a lot of the popular ones I wanted, like ultrasonography and dermatology. During these three-week blocks we'll work with the doctors, care for patients, do surgeries, and talk to clients. This is where we stop being veterinary students and start being student vets.
I'm sure it's going to be tough, but my friends and I have somehow gotten through everything MSU has thrown at us so far. I'm confident we'll all make it out of this place with diplomas 18 months from now and be full fledged doctors. And I'll be here to tell you guys about every step on the way.
Advertisements
Skwigly Podcast Relaunched! 12 August 2015 // Featured, News Skwigly Animation Magazine
This week sees the relaunch of the Skwigly Podcast after 3+ years and 30 episodes. The new version will see original hosts Ben and Steve along with other members of the Skwigly team bringing you more regular podcast content in a shorter, more streamlined form.
For our first episode of Skwigly Podcast 2.0 (episode 31 overall) we are delighted to feature an interview with recent NFTS graduate Nina Gantz, whose short Edmond has already proved popular and won multiple awards including both the Canal + Creative Aid Award and the Graduation Film Jury Award at Annecy 2015!
Stream the latest episode below or direct download here.
To catch up on the podcast so far be sure to visit the Podcasts section of the site and, so as not to miss out on any future episodes, you can subscribe on iTunes!
Sam Mendes' latest James Bond film appears to open with a four-minute-long take that ups the scale of Alejandro Inarritu's Oscar winner, but looks can be deceiving.
A version of this story first appeared in the Nov. 13 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
Sam Mendes' sophomore James Bond film, Spectre, begins with a tracking shot that appears to go on for a full four minutes before the first cut.
No, 007 doesn't get stuck in Times Square in his underwear. Rather, he climbs through a window in Mexico City to chase after a villain.
Birdman may have made the arty long-take technique trendy — winning the best picture trophy for it last year — but it's never before been done quite on this scale. And certainly not in a $250 million action movie with potential to become a billion-dollar grosser (Spectre is already breaking U.K. box-office records; it opens in the U.S. on Nov. 6).
Says Hoyte van Hoytema, 44, Spectre's Dutch-Swedish cinematographer, "It was a very visceral way for the audience to be sucked into the film."
The movie opens with a wide shot of an elaborate Day of the Dead parade in Mexico City, then zooms in to introduce a villain before the camera veers over to Daniel Craig's James Bond walking down the street with a woman and entering the Gran Hotel Ciudad de Mexico.
Normally, that's where the first cut would be. But instead, Hoytema follows Bond through the hotel door, trailing him with a Steadicam across the lobby, into and up an elevator and into a hotel room. And it doesn't stop there.
The camera then follows Bond as he climbs out a window and onto the roof, where he sets his rifle sight on his prey in a window across the street.
"The conventional master shots start big and go in and get more intimate," says Hoytema, who earned BAFTA nominations for Interstellar and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (Spectre is his first Bond film). "But we felt it would be so nice to turn it around and suddenly sweep outside, giving it even a bigger scope. That was, of course, very difficult."
But nothing is ever quite what it seems in a Bond film, and that four-minute opening — as was the case with Birdman — isn't continuous at all.
It was accomplished with several meticulously choreographed long takes edited together with shrewdly placed wipes and a smattering of CG (though Hoytema insists there are no fully CG shots in the sequence).
The first shot was lensed with a Technocrane, which creating the establishing shot, then lowered the camera and zoomed in to follow the actors. A transition occurs when Bond and the woman enter the hotel, which is actually on a different street. A Steadicam picks up the actors, following them through the lobby and into and up an elevator. The hotel room is a set built at Pinewood Studios in the U.K.
When 007 goes out the window, a camera on a Technocrane follows Craig as he runs across the roof. “There was a gigantic support scaffolding the length of the block and three stories high to accommodate the track for the Technocrane,” says van Hoytema.
"It looks like one take," he says, "but that was not possible."
How Compatibility Breeds Complexity
The thought's essence is straight forward: Solutions unfettered by past decisions can be simple and beautiful but once it has to properly cooperate with existing implementations, life gets much more complicated.
A Simple World
In the Java Platform Module System (JPMS), strong encapsulation is a pretty simple concept:
for static access (e.g. imports or fully qualified class names) only public classes and members in exported packages are accessible
for reflective access only public classes and members in exported packages and classes and members (of any visibility) in open packages are accessible
Everything else is inaccessible from outside the module. If an application absolutely has to use internal APIs, it can use the command line options --add-exports or --add-opens to export or open packages as needed.
So far, so good.
The Real World
Now we enter the real world, where Java is trying to be backwards compatible. The described behavior, mixed with the common use of JDK-internal APIs would mean that many applications wouldn't run on Java 9 without extensive command line options. So after long discussions and a lot of lobbying, compromises were made.
(In the mail, what follows used to be a complicated looking nested list but Medium doesn't support those, so I had to split it up, which is stupid, but here you go…)
On Java 9, illegal access is handled as follows:
the compiler prevents illegal access
the run time is more lenient
The run time differentiates between module path and class path:
code on the module path can not access internal APIs
code on the class path has more rights
Code from the class path is treated differently based on the kind of access:
static access is allowed
reflective access is allowed and the first such access to each packages results in a warning on the command line
Well, when I said “allowed” I forgot to distinguish by which Java version introduced the package that is being accessed:
access to internal packages that existed before Java 9 is allowed
access to internal packages that are new in Java 9 is prevented
You can configure the behavior warnings:
opening a package on the command line removes the reflective access warning
the option --illegal-access can be used to increase warning frequency (once per access) and detail (include stack trace) or outright deny illegal access
Wow, look at that explosion of concepts and cases! Before, you only needed to know about exporting packages and opening packages and that you can do that in the module descriptor and on the command line — a small, two by two package of concepts.
Now you also need to differentiate between compile time and run time, whether the accessing code comes from the class path or module path, static and reflective access, package age, and how --illegal-access and --add-opens change warnings. You're lucky if that conceptual package fits into a five-dimensional U-Haul.
I'm Not Just Complaining!
I'm not telling you all of this to complain about the decision that made this the default behavior. Yes, I disagree with it but that's beside the point — I'm telling you this because I think it's a great example for how compatibility breeds complexity.
When developing a new solution for a known problem from a clean slate, chances are you can come up with a simpler and more robust solution than the one currently in place. The module system strived for that and I think it does a good job at it.
But if you value backwards compatibility as high as Java does, then at some point you have to bridge from the old solution to the new and provide users with a path that they can walk to get there. And this is where the incongruence between two approaches, even if each of them is fairly straight-forward, can disfigure even the most beautiful solution.
What was made possible by decisions past still has to work even though it might go against everything your new approach stands for. In the module system, reliable configuration is king but on the class path reigned chaos that besides all its downsides would occasionally be used for good. Strong encapsulation is queen, but before Java 9 the ecosystem cannibalized the JDK for every last line of code.
How do you bring diverting and sometimes even diametrically opposed requirements together without ending up with a complex, disfigured beast that makes everything much worse than it was?
Some Thoughts on the Topic
In case you've been waiting for an answer to that question: I don't have it. Here are a few thoughts:
When looking for a new solution to the known problem, wouldn't it be better to ignore compatibility concerns? I prefer to create something nice and simple without getting bogged down in the sludge of the past.
Eventually the time comes to evaluate a proposal, though, and now it is very important to analyze how it handles compatibility concerns. Gracefully or does it turn into a quagmire? It pays off to be very aware of the tendency to stick to ones own ideas. It can be hard to let them go…
Maybe a different approach is (almost) as good as the proposal at hand but provides a simpler upgrade path?
Do the hard part first? Before implementing the beautiful new API, implement the compatibility layer/features. It's way less fun but this way you reduce the risk of throwing away your work.
When integrating compatibility concerns, make sure you don't stray too far from the original concept. Constantly evaluate whether you're still true to the original idea. If not, take a step back. Maybe a different idea is better after all.
When bolting on compatibility features, make sure people don't get stuck halfway from old to new version, making everything worse than before. It is important that there is always a path and an incentive to take the next step towards the new solutions.
How Fares The Module System?
Of course I know next to nothing of how the Jigsaw team's internal processes work but I can evaluate the outcome.
I really appreciate that the module system's basic ideas, reliable configuration and strong encapsulation, were not watered down. With command line flags, configurations can be hacked and internal APIs exposed but I think that strikes a good balance between ease of use (not too hard) and deterrence (not directly available for libraries/frameworks; not comfortable to use for application developers).
The whole “allowing illegal access by default” idea does also fulfill my criteria quite well. It provides seamless compatibility (at least regarding internal APIs) at the moment but will push teams into the right direction by making the default value stricter over time, removing the more laissez faire options in the process.
Assuming not too many new warts blossom, we will eventually arrive at quite a pure version of the JPMS' vision. And isn't that something?
Why I love In Why I Love, PC Gamer writers pick an aspect of PC gaming that they love and write about why it's brilliant. Today, Kimberley examines the scenes that inform Nier: Automata's bold fashion choices.
If you were to list three ideal qualities that futuristic androids should possess as standard, they would be intelligence, resourcefulness and, above all, beauty. In the world of Nier: Automata, beauty is key. Set in the aftermath of an alien invasion on Earth, humans have retreated to the Moon and created androids called YoRHa to fi ght back. They're not just perfectly made subservient killing machines, but delectably dressed, in black lace, leather and gossamer.
Instead of utilitarian uniforms you may expect from an army deployed for destruction, YoRHa look like ghosts from Gothic romance crossed with children's toys. At times this feels far-fetched, especially when watching a woman fi ght machines in a gown and stiletto heels, but it's also a celebration of contemporary fashion from Los Angeles to Milan.
When we meet Nier's protagonist 2B, she is a draped and ruffled china doll. She pirouettes across the screen in a billowing velvet dress adorned with a high collar and a delicate cut-out at the back, and is accessorised with thigh-high leather boots and black stockings. With her traditionally feminine, hyperwaisted silhouette, 2B's uniform is not about practicality, but desire. She is the femme fatale of this planetary ruin. 2B's style may have been inspired by Gothic Lolita, a Japanese fashion subculture. Like an elaborate play on Victorian fashion, young women don their dresses like tiered cakes, their bouffant skirts layered in ribbons and pleats. While the silhouette is similar, 2B's costume is more adult, swapping a parasol for a svelte sword and Mary Jane shoes for killer heels.
Instead, 2B's look emulates some haute couture collections. In David Koma's 2017 Spring ready-to-wear line, for instance, the Georgian designer was inspired by the opulence of Russian 20th century court dress across a monochrome palette. Similarly, in its 2017 fall ready-to-wear collection, French fashion house Saint Laurent featured a line of dresses with ruffl ed shoulders, draped leather and belts cinched sharply around the waist. This brute-femme aesthetic is also a favourite of sister designers Rodarte, whose 2009 spring/summer line was a sewing box of romantic, wispy garments that juxtaposed tough leather with lace.
We also meet other impeccably dressed women in Nier, such as A2 and Kainé. Although Kainé's costume lacks the grandeur of 2B's perfectly stitched gown, her babydoll dress still looks like high-end lingerie, its colour and cut like a Betsey Johnson garment. An American designer whose clothes evoke the summer days and slumber parties of adolescence, Johnson is known for tiny, fl ouncy dresses and skirts in sugary colours. A2's look is even more revealing, jumping across the screen in stockings and a halter top.
In McQueen's fall 2009 ready-to-wear collection, models were transformed into phantasmagoria, their faces chalked out and mouths blotted until their natural beauty was twisted into unnatural shapes.
Even Nier's villains are given a runway of their own. One particular boss towards the beginning of the game looks like a model from an Alexander McQueen collection: skeletal, grotesque, but still beautiful, a red ball gown spilling over its thin frame. In McQueen's fall 2009 ready-to-wear collection, models were transformed into phantasmagoria, their faces chalked out and mouths blotted until their natural beauty was twisted into unnatural shapes. McQueen, obsessed with fragmentation and decay, curiously littered the runway with glass and pieces of broken machinery, highlighting the idea of women as broken dolls.
The idea of androids as playthings is heightened further by the echoes of fetish wear. In its prevalence of blindfolds, collars and black materials, Nier recalls Zana Bayne, a New York fashion house described as a post-fetish leather brand. Unlike typical bondage wear, Bayne makes luxury items in buttery black leather, such as harnesses, chokers and garters. 2B could easily be a model from a Bayne runway show, in boots that look like liquid latex and elbow-length gloves.
This distinct note of BDSM is a sharp reminder that YoRHa are fetish objects, created by humans not just to reclaim the Earth but also a kind of dominance. Whether this was intentional or not, the android design is unnecessarily sexual, from the cut-out that exposes 2B's cleavage and sharp slash that dissects the elegant hem of her dress to Kaine's nightgown, which falls open at the back to reveal tiny white panties. To be blindfolded also denotes total trust, perpetuating the idea that YoRHA were created to follow demands.
While the costume design in Nier has divided players, with some criticising its practicality and others the way it sexualises women, there's no denying that its conceptual, cerebral fashion elevates the game. Fashion and videogames may be two starkly different disciplines, but Nier exists in its tantalising intersection.
Judge Andrew Hanen has given Jeh Johnson and the Department of Homeland Security until the end of this month to recapture all of the illegally distributed “amnesty and work authorization” permits the DHS allowed during the time they ignored the judges' order.
“The government has conceded that it has directly violated this court's order in its May 7, 2015 advisory, yet, as of today, two months have passed since the advisory and it has not remediated its own violative behavior,” the judge wrote. “That is unacceptable and, as far as the Government's attorneys are concerned, completely unprofessional.” [Hanen] set an Aug. 19 hearing, and said unless the government can fix things by July 31, each of the defendants named in the case — Mr. Johnson and his top lieutenants in the immigration agencies — would have to appear to explain themselves. “Otherwise, the Court intends to utilize all available powers to compel compliance,” Judge Hanen wrote. (link)
DHS is now facing a challenging task of remediating the approvals and work authorizations previously granted.
After two months of unsuccessful requests for the illegal alien community to voluntarily return the paperwork, DHS is now forced to go door-to-door to recapture the authorizations they illegally distributed.
The Washington Times has more – Goosed into action by an angry federal judge, federal immigration authorities will go door-to-door demanding illegal immigrants return the three-year amnesty approvals the Obama administration issued to them in defiance of a court order.
Those who don't return their three-year permits will have them terminated at the end of this month, the National Immigrant Justice Center, one of the advocacy groups briefed on authorities' plan, said in a statement preparing immigrants for what could be a traumatic encounter.
The move comes as Homeland Security officials, fed up with slow-walking by illegal immigrants, are finally playing hardball after months of less forceful measures.
They're scrambling to meet an end-of-month deadline set by Judge Andrew S. Hanen for recapturing thousands of three-year amnesties the department issued even after the court had entered an injunction halting the new amnesty program.
Unless all of the permits are recovered, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson could personally have to appear in court to explain the foul-up, Judge Hanen said in an order earlier this month.
[…] In a document filed late last week, the administration said it had recaptured fewer than 1,200 of the initial 2,100 wrongful amnesties. And, in a stunning admission, lawyers said they'd discovered another 500 amnesties they hadn't known about before that also were sent after the Feb. 16 injunction. (read more)
Advertisements
If you have an opinion about how you think the commercial space flight world should be regulated, the FAA wants to hear from you.
On Thursday, May 26, 2011 at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Cocoa Beach Oceanfront in Florida it will hold a public hearing where the FAA says it wants to gather information about how to define what it calls a e regulatory framework for orbital human spaceflight.
More on commercial space: 7 critical commercial spaceflight concerns the US must tackle
For example, the FAA is interested in the following topics:
What the appropriate mix of performance-based, process- based, and prescriptive requirements should be,
What the appropriate level of safety the FAA should target with its regulations,
What, if any, should be the medical requirements for space flight participants,
How best to incorporate government and industry standards into the licensing process,
How much flight testing should be required, and
How much control over a spacecraft ground personnel and flight crew should have.
Any member of the public may present oral statements at the meeting or send written statements for the record starting here.
From the FAA's Federal Register posting: Because of recent changes in US policy and the effect they have had on the commercial space transportation industry, the FAA is planning to propose regulations to protect the health and safety of crew and space flight participants for orbital human spaceflight as soon as circumstances require after December 23, 2012. This initiative is driven by the fact that the NASA is planning to contract with the private sector to transport NASA astronauts to the International Space Station within a few years, and is in the process of developing requirements for its procurement of such services. The FAA's role in these flights is still in work, but the transport of private individuals to Earth orbit, which would require an FAA license, is expected to use the same space transportation systems.
Follow Michael Cooney on Twitter: nwwlayer8
Layer 8 Extra
Check out these other hot stories:
Air Force wants a long look at commercial spacecraft
Update: Robots find key missing piece of Air France black box
FBI: Romance scams in the air as Royal Wedding fever peaks
NASA Endeavor to fly itsy-bitsy research satellites
DOJ report critical of FBI ability to fight national cyber intrusions
X Prize luminaries Google, NASA, GE and others define world's 8 biggest problems
NASA looking to build "gas" stations in space
CIA opens spy chest to reveal WWI-era secret writing techniques
NASA fires-up jet fuel that tastes like chicken
This 1967 Camaro was just pulled out of a garage in LA. It looks rough, but should make a good project for a Camaro lover. The car does run, but needs some work. Find it here on eBay where bidding is currently at $5k with only a few days left and no reserve.
The RS (Rally Sport) option was an appearance package which added hidden headlights along with a few other visual tweaks inside and out. Can you list them all?
The Camaro was created in response to Ford's Mustang and it put up a good fight. There were many engine options available and luckily this one is equipped with a 327 V8 instead of the standard inline-six.
Unfortunately, that engine is attached to a PowerGlide automatic transmission. We would have preferred a four-speed, but obviously many buyers went this route. The RS steering wheel is still in place.
The seller claims that the car is original except for the rims, stereo, and exhaust which were added in the 80s. The exterior was also resprayed at some point and that fact explains the exterior's shabby appearance. This Camaro does run and drive, but is going to need a full restoration. We think it should provide a solid base though. Now, you will just need to decide which direction to go. All original? Or something more exciting? Which way would you go and why?
Italy has signed a deal with Libya, Chad and Niger in order to stem the flow of migrants across the Mediterranean through beefed up border controls and new reception centres in the African nations.
A joint statement by the interior ministers of the four countries said they had agreed to set up centres in Chad and Niger, key transit countries for migrants who travel to Libya and on to Italy from sub-Saharan Africa.
The statement, released Sunday after an Italy-organised meeting in Rome, said the new centres in Chad and Niger, and the existing ones in Libya, would respect “international humanitarian standards”.
Italy brokers deal with Libyan tribes to curb migrant influx The Italian government said yesterday (2 April) that dozens of rival tribes in southern Libya had agreed to cooperate on securing the country's borders in an effort to curb the influx of migrants trying to reach Europe.
Rights groups have slammed the conditions of existing detention centres in crisis-hit Libya and questioned how the West can ensure such “international standards” are met and kept.
“Libyan legislation criminalises illegal immigration so it is not clear how these could be reception centres and not detention centres,” Mattia Toaldo, a European Council on Foreign Relations expert, said Monday.
“The establishment of ‘reception centres' in Niger and Chad is also questionable: is Europe outsourcing its border control to these countries? If so, in exchange for what amounts of money and coming from where?”.
Toaldo also questioned why the deal was made by interior ministers and how they hoped to follow through on a commitment to “promote legal economic development” as an alternative to the wealthy trafficking trade.
Brink of famine
On Sunday the head of the United Nations refugee agency Filippo Grandi urged Libyan authorities to free all asylum seekers and refugees from its detention centres, slamming the conditions as “shocking”.
While promising to try to step up the UNHCR's presence, Grandi said it would take time for political and security reasons.
Libya has long been a stepping stone for migrants seeking a better life in Europe. People smugglers have stepped up their lucrative business in the chaos which has engulfed the country since its 2011 revolution.
Italian mafia caught pocketing aid for refugees Italian police last Monday (15 May) arrested 70 members of the powerful ‘'Ndrangheta mafia syndicate, after the gang pocketed €35 million in public funds, with the help of a Catholic charity organisation. EURACTIV's partner Ouest-France reports.
Italy registered nearly 50,000 migrant arrivals by sea by mid-April, 97% of them from Libya, according to Rome.
The Libyan coastguard is believed to have picked up close to 6,000 migrants attempting the perilous crossing this year and returned them to Libya, according to the International Organization for Migration (IOM).
Italy, Germany call for EU mission on Libya-Niger border The German and Italian interior ministers have called for an EU mission to be installed on the border between Libya and Niger to stem migrant crossings to Europe.
Nigerians have made up the largest group of people heading to Italy since January. Two million people are teetering on the brink of famine in the country's northeast, home to the notoriously ruthless Boko Haram.
The jihadist group launched an uprising there in 2009 which has since spilled over into neighbouring Chad and Niger.
by
At Princeton I taught a course on Bitcoin and cryptocurrency technologies during the semester that just ended. Joe Bonneau unofficially co-taught it with me. Based on student feedback and what we accomplished in the course, it was extremely successful. Next week I'll post videos of all the final project presentations.
The course was based on a series of video lectures. We're now offering these lectures free to the public, online, together with homeworks, programming assignments, and a textbook. We've heard from computer science students at various institutions as well as the Bitcoin community about the need for structured educational materials, and we're excited to fill this need.
We're using Piazza as our platform. Here's the course page. To sign up, please fill out this (very short) form.
The first several book chapters are already available. The course starts February 16, and we'll start making the videos available closer to that date ( you'll need to sign up to watch the videos Edit: we've changed this policy; the lectures are also publicly available). Each week there will be a Google hangout with that week's lecturer. We'll also answer questions on Piazza.
How does our textbook (and course) differ from other books on Bitcoin? It's simple: this is unabashedly a computer science text and course. We connect the ideas we discuss to the rest of computer science, and separate fundamental concepts from implementation details. The hype in the Bitcoin community has sometimes gotten ahead of the technology, and we think that for cryptocurrencies to truly realize their potential, entrepreneurs must go back to the basics, rigorously understand the technology, and build on it.
Sign up now!
Special thanks to students Steven Goldfeder, Shivam Agarwal, Pranav Gokhale, Alex Iriza and Hannah Park for helping develop educational materials for the course.
For the second time in little more than a year, a federal appeals court Tuesday upheld a controversial Florida law that restricts doctors from asking questions and recording information about patients' gun ownership.
The 2-1 decision by a panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was a victory for the National Rifle Association and other gun-rights advocates and a defeat for medical groups that argued, at least in part, that the law infringed on doctors' First Amendment rights.
The appeals court last July also upheld the 2011 law but issued a revised ruling Tuesday. After last year's decision, medical groups continued challenging the law, including asking for a rehearing before the entire Atlanta-based appeals court.
Dubbed the “docs vs. Glocks” law, the measure includes a series of restrictions on doctors and other health providers. As an example, it seeks to prevent physicians from entering information about gun ownership into medical records if the physicians know the information is not “relevant” to patients' medical care or safety or to the safety of other people.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
As another example, the law says doctors should refrain from asking about gun ownership by patients or family members unless the doctors believe in “good faith” that the information is relevant to medical care or safety. Also, the law seeks to prevent doctors from discriminating against patients or “harassing” them because of owning firearms.
A federal district judge in 2012 sided with opponents of the law and issued an injunction against it. But the appeals court last July and again Tuesday overturned the injunction.
“The purpose of the act, as we read it, is not to protect patient privacy by shielding patients from any and all discussion about firearms with their physicians; the act merely requires physicians to refrain from broaching a concededly sensitive topic when they lack any good-faith belief that such information is relevant to the medical care or safety of their patients or others,'' said the majority opinion, written by Judge Gerald Tjoflat and joined by Judge L. Scott Coogler.
But Judge Charles Wilson wrote a lengthy dissent arguing that the law violates the First Amendment rights of physicians.
“Simply put, the act is a gag order that prevents doctors from even asking the first question in a conversation about firearms,” Wilson wrote. “The act prohibits or significantly chills doctors from expressing their views and providing information to patients about one topic and one topic only, firearms.”
The Republican-dominated Legislature and Gov. Rick Scott approved the law after hearing accounts of doctors unnecessarily asking questions about gun ownership or even refusing to continue providing care if such questions were not answered.
The law subjects healthcare providers to possible sanctions, including fines and loss of license, if they discuss or record information in a patient's chart about firearms safety that a medical board later determined was not “relevant” or was “unnecessarily harassing.” The law did not define these terms.
In Tuesday's majority opinion, Tjoflat repeatedly pointed to instances in which doctors can continue justify asking about firearms, such as in the case of a patient considered at risk of suicide.
“Thus, a physician may make inquiries as to the firearms-ownership status of any or all patients, so long as he or she does so with the good-faith belief — based on the specifics of the patient's case — that the inquiry is relevant to the patient's medical care or safety, or the safety of others,” the majority opinion said. “If, for example, the physician seeks firearm information to suit a personal agenda unrelated to medical care or safety, he or she would not be making a ‘good-faith' inquiry, and so the act plainly directs him to refrain from inquiring.”
But Wilson's dissent raised questions about whether the law stemmed from anecdotal incidents. He also argued that doctors should have the right to ask questions about guns in addressing the well-being of patients.
“There is nothing to suggest that the doctors' inquiries or messages regarding firearms were not genuinely believed to be in the patients' best medical interest when given,” Wilson wrote. “But there is evidence in the legislative history to suggest that the harassment provision [of the law] is designed to prevent these conversations from taking place in the future. That is certainly the result it will achieve. Doctors will largely cease inquiring into and counseling on the topic of firearms, lest they be accused of crossing the line between providing life-saving preventive medical information and promoting an anti-firearm political agenda.”
This report was supplemented by material from a previously published Miami Herald story by Jay Weaver.
Flashpoint Campaigns: Red Storm, Command: Modern Air Naval Operations, Combat Mission: Red Thunder… most of my favourite wargames of recent years are hulking beasts studded with obscure units, potentially overwhelming scenarios, and abstruse tactical subtleties. I'm not sure I could wholeheartedly recommend any of them to a genre newcomer. A fellow or fellowess just arrived in the land of hexes, morale checks, and myriad Sherman variants would be far better off starting with… um… errr… sorry, I'm going to have to consult my notes at this point… hmm… be with you in two shakes of a lamb's tail… maybe three shakes.
Identifying the perfect introductory wargame isn't easy. When asked for a recommendation, I rack my brain for a game that…
…doesn't bury you in numbers or counters, or assume you know the difference between a PzKpfw IV Ausf. D and a PzKpfw IV Ausf. F
Helpful combat predictors, simplified armour thickness diagrams, unit info panels that feature tactical advice as well as clearly explained stats… these are the sort of thoughtful amenities that distinguish warm welcoming war fare from red-faced RTFM sergeant majors.
…is blessed with good fully integrated tutorials and a generous supply of tooltips
Extinct in most other regions of gaming, inexplicably – inexcusably – patience-testing pdf-reliant instructional scenarios still cling on in PC wargaming.
…doesn't expect you to remain at your post for hours at a time
A substantial selection of short, punchy scenarios is a must. The weekend-whittling colosso-battles can come later.
…offers competitive artificial opposition at several skill levels
…is cheap or maybe even free
While there are those in the industry that believe that a player's commitment level is directly linked to the scale of their financial investment, personally I couldn't bring myself to recommend a £15+ title to a person contemplating a tentative fact-finding foray into an unfamiliar genre.
…is readily available
The thirty-year history of PC wargaming is littered with good gateway game candidates, but there seems little point in singing the praises of something that is now difficult to obtain or temperamental on modern machines. Sorry, Sid Meier's Gettysburg! Hard cheese Close Combat 2: A Bridge Too Far.
…doesn't punish campaign failure too harshly
Tongue lashings and toy deprivation are fine. Excluding the unlucky and inept from 70% of your missions, less so.
…doesn't punish slow reflexes or mouse mistakes too severely
If the game comes with turns, I expect to see an ‘undo' key; if it comes without them then an issue-orders-while-paused capability is essential.
…doesn't simplify to the point of insipidity
Very subjective this one. The line between admirable accessibility and flavour-sapping blandness is a thin and wavy one. I look for novel mechanisms and clever historical insights in my wargames. If all a design manages to convey about its chosen theme is that ‘combined arms tactics are generally a good idea' and ‘units with high strength stats are better than units with low strength stats' then I'm not sure that's a design I want to recommend to impressionable proto-grognards.
While there are titles around that tick most of these tickboxes, I can't think of one that ticks all of them.
Unity of Command is uncommonly flavoursome, handsome and competitively priced but its campaign structure combined with its tough victory conditions mean many owners have probably never experienced its later phases.
Loyalty to the Panzer General formula means the popular Panzer Corps and the free Open General (less friendly, far more diverse) though approachable, moreish and well equipped, teeter on the edge of tactical blandness.
The same accusation could be levelled at Battle Academy and its improved, more expensive sequel. Both instalments entertain doggedly but lack the inspired conceptual flourishes that help make games like Graviteam Tactics, Scourge of War and Command Ops so engaging and singular.
Few battle games jam more spectacle onto your screen than the super sleek Ultimate General: Gettysburg. In the pursuit of that sleekness have Game Labs whittled a fraction too much flesh off Sid Meier's Gettysburg‘s venerable bones? This writer thinks so.
Talking of Mr Meier, Ace Patrol does a very convincing impersonation of my Perfect Introductory Wargame. Some disliked its cheery, indestructible, mixed-sex pilots, and, lately, a few players seem to be struggling with technical issues, but I can't think of a recent offering that blends simplicity, originality, and tactical substance better.
Perhaps I'm looking for elegant enthusiasm-seeding war fare in the wrong place. As Graham observed last week the goblin-infested Battle for Wesnoth is still free and still marvellous. Recently updated, it has the sort of style, soul, and quirk, that many of its historically-based counterparts sorely lack.
Or maybe the game I seek is currently gestating in some cosy code womb. Close Combat: The Bloody First, the upcoming 3D-but-still-top-down CC sequel? Vietnam'65, the novel COIN simulation signed by Slitherine shortly after its appearance in The Flare Path. The Unity of Command sequel recently paraded for the first time on the 2×2 Games blog. The hex-strewn, bamboo-shafted Warring States: Tactics already available in slim Early Access from here?
One day perhaps, I'll be able to respond to a ‘Can you recommend a wargame for a total novice?' missive with a clear, unequivocal ‘You must play… ‘. Until that day comes, I'm afraid of replies will continue to be lengthy and heavy on the ifs and buts.
**************************
The Flare Path Foxer
Running short of space, Roman chose not to include a picture of a Lee-Enfield rifle bolt or a Karloff CG-57 Assault Hovercraft in last week's puzzle. The omissions didn't stop misunderstood genius AFKAMC stitching together a solution (Mary Shelley's Frankenstein) from the clammy clue hunks bodysnatched by the likes of All is Well, Matchstick, Shiloh and P.Funk.
a. Bristol Beaufort (AFKAMC)
b. Geneva Convention (All is Well)
c. Victor comic (Matchstick)
d. Gothic icon
e. Isaak Walton (Shiloh)
f. Seashells (All is Well)
g. SH3 chart, Orkney (P.Funk, SpiceTheCat)
h. Prometheus (Matchstick)
i. Frank N Stein (phlebas)
**************************
(from Wikipedia)
“The Arctic Foxer, also known as the White Foxer and the Snowidea Foxer, is a small collage-based puzzle native to the Arctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere. It preys mainly on wordsearches, crosswords, and young spot-the-differences, but in-extremis will also eat typographical errors, onomatopoeia and red herrings. Thanks to a low surface area to volume ratio, a dense pelage [4][5], and a generous supply of body fatuousness, the Arctic Foxer seldom needs a hat or mittens.”
All answers in one thread, please.
The House of Representatives is taking two days off this week for Rosh Hashanah in the midst of an unresolved financial crisis. Meanwhile, the Senate is still in session. Do members of the House take off for every religious holiday?
No. Representatives get a break for Easter, Passover, Rosh Hashanah, Yom Kippur, and Christmas Day. The Senate operates according to a very similar schedule, except it remains in session for Yom Kippur and, at least in 2008, for Rosh Hashanah.
The holiday schedule can vary from year to year. Leaders from both parties set up a tentative list of days off every January, before Congress convenes. Lawmakers can adjust the schedule as needed and suspend holidays in case of an emergency. The tentative 2008 schedule for the Senate, for example, listed two days off for Rosh Hashanah. The chamber remained in session anyway, although no votes were scheduled to take place between Monday morning and Wednesday afternoon.
In the early days of Congress, when it was more difficult to travel long distances home, sessions lasted only from December to early spring—so the Jewish High Holidays were de facto days off. Members often met on religious holidays that fell within the session, including Christmas Day. (Religious services for members and their staffs were sometimes held inside the Capitol building.) Congress typically recessed for Easter, but on some occasions, such as during World War II, the holiday break was delayed or canceled.
It wasn't until 1958 that members began traveling home on the weekends and a yearlong session evolved. Since then, the party leaders have regularly scheduled days off for Christian and Jewish holidays, although there is no official law that requires them.
Bonus Explainer: How many members of Congress are Jewish? Twenty-nine in the House and 13 in the Senate. There are also two Muslim and two Buddhist lawmakers, all serving in the House, and 16 Mormons.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanksSen. Dick Durbin's office and Don Ritchie of the Senate Historical Office.
NaPoM, Alem, Alexinho, Zer0, and the list goes on and on
Happy Valentine's Day, beatbox family! Hope you're all having an awesome week! Whether you're spending the day with your lover or rocking that single life, never forget that your one true love will always be beatboxing. With that being said, let's kick off this Top 10!
10) oZealous | Heavydirtysoul (BEATBOX COVER)
Even though beatboxing is rooted in hip hop, it has branched off into so many different genres of music such as EDM and rock. In this video, oZealous tackles the song “Heavydirtysoul” by the Grammy-winning band, twenty one pilots.
9) HARMicide v Kindo
This past week, BeatboxTV dropped the conclusion of the LA Beatbox Battle. In it, HARMicide brings his crazy originality against Kindo's new school flow.
8) Amit v NaPoM
The Beatbox House has been doing it big in NY, showing off beatbox battle culture at their gigs. In this video, Amit and NaPoM fight it out once again in a Beatbox House Seven-To-Smoke battle.
7) D-Low UK
The newly-crowned UK champ shows off his musical side with his second solo shoutout for Swissbeatbox.
6) NaPoM v Alexinho
Yes, I know. NaPoM made the list again. But trust me, this video is more of a comedy than a battle.
5) Piano Around the World + Mark Martin
In a world full of crazy technicality and bass-boosted EDM, it's nice to appreciate the simpler pieces of music out there.
4) Moby Dick v WinG - Korean Beatbox Championship
After a long wait, the first wave of Korean Beatbox Champ vids have finally dropped. Get hype for this one!
3) MB14 | Hey Now
MB14 never ceases to create beauty in whatever he makes. This is only a taste of what's to come in the upcoming GBBB.
2) Azel | Omni Vortex
Azel continues to wow the Swissbeatbox crowd with another shoutout, displaying his crazy liquid sounds that have come to be his signature style.
1) Alem v Zer0
I'm pretty sure most of you had to double-check that title to make sure it was real. Rest assured - it's real. Armed with three rounds each, Alem and Zer0 go head-to-head in a battle you don't want to miss!
From Us:
We at HumanBeatbox really want to up our game this year. With that being said, we're trying to start up a new series, “Life of a Beatboxer”, over on our Youtube channel. Check out our very first episode featuring Exacto!
Hope you enjoy. Thank you for liking and sharing!
Here's a paradox or riddle that I was confronted with recently – and it's worth some analysis. If I remember correctly, it was posed by Anscombe. It goes like this:
It is impossible to be told anyone's name. For if I am told, “that man's name is ‘Smith'”, his name is mentioned and not used. I hear the name of his name, but not his name.
So now we have a mystery. Clearly we can be told someone's name – this happens all the time (and often, we think, by saying something like, “My name is ‘Smith'”), but how is this possible, if we only ever hear the name of his name?
It is worth distinguishing between use and mention first. When I say “the cat has a spotted tail” I am using the word “cat” to refer to some object/animal. When I say “‘cat' has three letters” I am mentioning the word “cat”, but not using it – I'm referring to the word itself, not the ordinary referent of the word. When I am told, “that man's name is ‘Smith'”, ‘Smith' is mentioned but not used. This means that I am only hearing the name of his name. Why is this a problem? Because if I am only hearing the name of his name, then how can I possibly learn what his name is? “‘Smith'” isn't his name, it's the name of his name – it entails, “‘Smith' is a way to refer to my name”, but that is not to say what my name actually is. Also note, we do not say, “‘Smith' went to the grocery store”; we say “Smith went to the grocery store”. The former says that a name (‘Smith') went to the store, the latter says a person (Smith), went to the store.
Now consider the following two sentences.
(1) That man's name is “Smith”.
(2) That man's name is Smith.
If the problem is that in (1) you hear the name of the name, instead of a particular person's name, then why couldn't we just write the sentence as (2), remove the quotes and we no longer have to worry about mentioning the name – we just use it? Unfortunately, constructions like (2) will not help solve the riddle. Why? Because in (2) “Smith” and “that man” co-refer. And now look what happens with a little substitution.
(3) That man's name is that man.
We have substituted “Smith” for a co-referring term, “that man”, and ended up with (3). Clearly (3) is absurd, for my name isn't me – that man's name isn't that man; an individual is not identical to his name.
So it looks like we're going to have to figure some way to make sense of (1), considering (2) and (3) seem fruitless. But the proposition in (1) names a name, and there doesn't seem to be any grammatical manipulation we can do (that still preserves the sense/meaning of [1]) to change that.
Here's the trick. There is a distinction between the truth-conditions on the utterance insofar as what is uttered (which we will call the explicit truth-conditions), and the truth-conditions on the utterance which are not explicitly a part of the content of the utterance (which we will call the background truth-conditions).
Let's look at the explicit truth-conditions of the utterance “that man's name is ‘Smith'”. There is (1) “that man's name” which refers to a name, (2) there is “‘Smith'”, which refers to a name, and (3) there is an identity relation between “that man's name” and “‘Smith'”. So the explicit truth condition(s) of the utterance will be: “that man's name is ‘Smith'” is true if and only if “that man's name” and “‘Smith'” co-refer to the same name. The problem: the name that (1) and (2) refer to is not used in the utterance, so we haven't heard that name.
Now let's look at the background truth-conditions of the utterance “that man's name is ‘Smith'”. One trivial background truth-condition might be that: the speaker is speaking English. For if he was using a different language, then the meanings of the parts of the sentence will change and consequently the explicit truth-conditions of the utterance will be something else. But another, less trivial, background condition will be: all proper names are reflexive. This means that a proper name can be used to refer to itself.
So we now know that “that man's name is ‘Smith'” is true if and only if (1) “that man's name” and “‘Smith'” co-refer to the same name, but also that (2) the utterance is in English, and (3) all proper names are reflexive. Condition (3) tells you that “Smith” is reflexive, which means that you use it to name it. This gives us another truth-condition (4): “‘Smith'” refers to “Smith” iff “Smith” refers to Smith. These are all the tools we need to know that we have been told the name. Let's explain.
Humans are embedded in contexts – so certain background conditions will apply to various utterances at whatever point in time. So when we speak to each other, we are not just attuned to the explicit truth-conditions of an utterance, but also to the background conditions. We hear “that man's name is ‘Smith'” – but we know that this is true (as per truth-condition [4]) only if “Smith” refers to Smith (the man indicated by the demonstrative ‘that'). So we know that we have heard Smith's name, provided that the utterance is true.
If we wish to maintain that “that man's name is ‘Smith'” tells you the name of “that man”, then we must recognize that background truth-conditions, not just the explicit truth-conditions of the utterance, contribute to the meaning of the utterance. When analyzing the meaning of an utterance, we should also assess the background truth-conditions to get the most complete picture.
Advertisements
After Stamps quarterback Bo Levi Mitchell lifted the lid on the Riders roster recon in Riderville, more information is emerging about Saskatchewan's off-the-books player program.
Sources say the Riders have two houses where the extra players are living and that players are being paid by the club. Non-rostered quarterbacks receive $1,000 per week while everyone else gets $300.
Both the housing arrangements and payments would be clear violations of CFL rules. Teams are allowed to have a 46-man active roster and 10 players on the practice roster. Those PR athletes must sign an agreement that entitles them to a minimum of $750 per week plus housing or a housing allowance.
Players who are not under contract cannot practice with the team and by paying players off the books, the Riders are circumventing the CFL's $5.1-million salary cap.
While Mitchell started the current firestorm with a series of tweets Tuesday night, it wasn't the first time he'd made his concerns public. Back in June, Mitchell put out a cryptic tweet after the Roughriders officially announced the signing of Buddy Jackson on June 21.
The Roughriders announced today int'l DB, Buddy Jackson has signed with the team. Details–>https://t.co/e9ptHJH8lg pic.twitter.com/MPk6k9rfL5 — Saskatchewan Roughriders (@sskroughriders) June 21, 2016
https://twitter.com/BoLeviMitchell/status/745719754246098945
Calgary's franchise pivot appeared to be correct. Jackson posted on social media looking for a bike during training camp and working out in Riders gear long before he put pen to paper.
New Beginnings, New Blessings! #RiderNation im looking for a bike for training camp, can somebody help me out? God Bless! #Saskatoon #CFLTC — Buddy Jackson (@Buddy_Island38) June 7, 2016
CFL officials were in Regina last week and the league has said it is investigating Mitchell's claims.
Words of Radiance comes out in two weeks, and although many fans who have been following along with our Way of Kings reread may feel prepared, there are others who may desire a quick refresher on that first massive volume before tackling the second.
Welcome to The Way of Kings in ten minutes, a brief refresher on where things stood at the end of The Way of Kings. Follow along to find out where every character ended the book! Obviously, this post will spoil you senseless.
Kaladin
Over the course of the book, Kaladin trained Bridge Four from a loose collection of beaten-down slaves into a tight-knit unit. In order to help them escape from Highprince Sadeas's army, where they were only valued as human bait for the parshendi armies, he brought out their humanity, trained them with weapons, and smuggled money and weapons out of the deep chasms of the Shattered Plains. Kaladin's outspoken devotion to his men got him strung up during a highstorm and earned him the ongoing wrath of multiple superiors, from the gruff sergeant Gaz to the petty lighteyes Hashal, but he turned every ounce of his medical knowledge to keep as many bridgemen alive as possible.
Notable bridgemen include:
Teft: A former soldier who was raised by a cult that worshipped the ancient orders of the Knights Radiant .
A former soldier who was raised by a cult that worshipped the ancient orders of the . Moash: The last bridgeman to accept Kaladin's authority. Although taciturn and surly, he became a staunch defender of Kaladin's ideas, and something close to a friend.
The last bridgeman to accept Kaladin's authority. Although taciturn and surly, he became a staunch defender of Kaladin's ideas, and something close to a friend. Rock: A Horneater, raised in the Horneater Peaks near Jah Keved, Rock refuses to fight, as it is unfitting for a third son. Instead he cooks hearty meals for the men of Bridge Four. Rock is gifted with the ability to see the mystical spirits called spren .
A Horneater, raised in the Horneater Peaks near Jah Keved, Rock refuses to fight, as it is unfitting for a third son. Instead he cooks hearty meals for the men of Bridge Four. Rock is gifted with the ability to see the mystical spirits called . Sigzil : An Azish man who was apprenticed to Hoid as a Worldsinger before falling into slavery. Worldsingers travel Roshar, spreading information about different nations to promote mutual understanding.
An Azish man who was apprenticed to as a Worldsinger before falling into slavery. Worldsingers travel Roshar, spreading information about different nations to promote mutual understanding. Lopen : A one-armed Herdazian who joined Bridge Four intentionally, despite it having a reputation as a death trap. Lopen has a seemingly endless supply of cousins.
A one-armed Herdazian who joined Bridge Four intentionally, despite it having a reputation as a death trap. Lopen has a seemingly endless supply of cousins. Shen: A Parshman slave who was assigned to Bridge Four by Hashal. Kaladin struggles to convince the other bridgemen to accept Shen, who reminds them of the Parshendi. Shen never seems to speak.
After the highstorm, and as his powers continued to grow, Kaladin grudgingly accepted that his bond with Sylphrena, an honorspren masquerading as a windspren, was changing him. He began trying to understand his ability to inhale stormlight, and the possibility that his powers connected him to the Knights Radiant.
At the battle of the Tower, Kaladin protected his men by drawing Parshendi fire while wearing Parshendi-carapace armor. When Sadeas betrayed Dalinar, Kaladin and Bridge Four had a perfect opportunity to escape. Instead, he rushed into battle to save the Kholin armies, and in so doing discovered the Second Ideal of the Knights Radiant: “I will protect those who cannot protect themselves.”
Dalinar Kholin
The visions that came to Dalinar during highstorms almost convinced him to abdicate his highprincedom to his son Adolin. He struggled with the possibility that he might be going mad, as rumors spread throughout the warcamps. In the end, however, he decided to trust himself, and to work in good faith to unite the bickering Highprinces, starting with his former friend Sadeas. The newly-minted Highprince of Information had been investigating an apparent assassination attempt on the life of Dalinar's nephew, king Elhokar Kholin, and Dalinar feared that Sadeas would implicate him. Instead, he was exonerated, and he and Sadeas began making concerted assaults on plateaus in order to bring the war to an end as quickly as possible.
However, when they assaulted the Tower, Sadeas betrayed Dalinar, leaving him surrounded by multiple Parshendi armies. Worn down by waves of footsoldiers, and facing the Parshendi Shardbearer, it seemed like the end. Kaladin intervened, though, having fought a path clear for Adolin to rally the armies to a safe retreat. He fought back Eshonai, and saved Dalinar's life.
Dalinar returned to the warcamps, where he interrupted Sadeas's staged grieving with a confrontation. He ended a conversation that seems like it could have erupted into civil war by trading his Shardblade to Sadeas for his entire population of bridgemen. He set all of them free, but offered Kaladin and Bridge Four the command of his personal guards, figuring that he would need people he could trust with his life for what was coming next. He gave his Shardplate to Renarin, his sickly second son, in the hope that the strength-enhancing armor could offset his blood illness and let him train to be a soldier at last.
Dalinar then forced his nephew to admit that he had staged his own assassination attempt, and to name him Highprince of War, while dropping on him the knowledge bomb that Dalinar had decided to accept the advances of Navani, Elhokar's mother.
In a final vision, Dalinar learned that the voice that had been speaking to him was the voice of Honor, who he had called the Almighty. It hadn't, however, been addressing him directly when it implied that he should trust Sadeas. The messages were left for whoever was in the best position to unite the nations of Roshar against the Everstorm. And Honor was dead, slain by Odium.
Shallan Davar
After spending months as Jasnah Kholin's ward in Kharbranth, the City of Bells, Shallan finally found an opportunity to steal her Soulcaster. This magical fabrial device, which has the power to transform substances into other substances, had been the center of her scheme to save her indebted family and prevent its ruin in the aftermath of her father's death. The stress of her plan to rob the woman whose tutoring she had come to cherish so much was augmented by repeatedly seeing mysterious, symbolheaded figures appear in her sketches. When they began to speak to her she inadvertently Soulcast a goblet into blood, in the process travelling to the dangerous Shadesmar. She covered up what she'd done by wounding herself, and the suspicion that she was suicidial gave her the opportunity to safely leave Jasnah's wardship and return home.
Before she could leave, however, she and Jasnah were approached by Kabsal. This young ardent had been flirting with Shallan for months, and had recently offered to leave the ardentia to be with her. Kabsal was actually a member of a secret society called the Ghostbloods, and on their behalf he attempted to assassinate Jasnah. However, Jasnah Soulcast the antidote, and Shallan was afflicted instead. In order to save her own life, Shallan had to reveal that she had stolen the Soulcaster.
Jasnah arranged to have Shallan sent home in disgrace. However, Shallan realized what Jasnah must have done, and confronted her. She asserts that both she and Jasnah can Soulcast without a Soulcaster, and begs to be admitted into whatever dangerous scholarship Jasnah is undertaking. Jasnah reluctantly relents, and reveals to Shallan that her research leads her to believe that the Parshmen are Voidbringers in waiting.
Szeth
The Assassin in White, after having killed king Gavilar of Alethkar, was passed from master to master. Exiled from his homeland of Shinovar, he was bound to an oathstone and forced to do the bidding of whomever held it. He wallowed in guilt and self-hatred. Eventually, his oathstone was passed to king Taravangian of Kharbranth. This apparently kindly, philanthropic king turned out to be a powerful and dangerous force in Roshar. He revealed that his hospitals were a front for a massive research project, which slowly killed terminal patients in order to collect the mysterious words they sometimes cried out in death. He gave Szeth a long list of rulers across Roshar, ordering him to kill them visibly, using his Shardblade and Surgebinding abilities. At the end of that list was the name Dalinar Kholin.
Words of Radiance comes out March 4th.
Carl Engle-Laird is the editorial assistant at Tor.com, where he acquires and edits original fiction. His soul belongs to the Stormlight Archive. You can follow him on Twitter here.
Apple's about to release a new iPhone. Huzzah! Except: You shouldn't buy it. Because the best iPhone already exists. It's the 6S. And you should score one instead of buying an iPhone X. Or even an 8.
Not just because early-adoption is a losing game played by people plagued by the false insecurity that they're some kind of Luddite because the guy next to them at the bar has the newer thing, but because they'll also be voting against the tyrannical control Apple wants to exert over your life and your choices, like your ability to push actual, real buttons. Also, plenty of other evils of the universe that aren't fake buttons.
SEE ALSO: How the iPhone has evolved over the last decade
Just facts: There are already plenty of reasons to not buy this new iPhone even before it comes out. When removed from the mathy gibberish of "tech specs" meant to convince you that you're getting something you should've had in the first place—"processing power," a curved screen, whatever it's gonna be—objectively speaking, the 6S is just a better phone than the 8 or the X. And we'll get to that. But right now, you're here to learn about the Once and Future King of iPhones, the 6S.
And good god, the 6S is great. Magnificent, even. Why?
- It's fast.
- It's light.
- It's the perfect size. It's the Goldilocks of phone sizes: Not too big, not too small, just right.
- It represents the iterative peak of design innovations brought to the table by Apple—wherein each improvement from all that came before it wasn't just great, but meaningful—in its physical form and function.
- It has live photos. Live photos are cool, I guess.
- And the camera's pretty great. Honestly, if you think you need a better camera than the one on the 6S, I've got news for you: You're either the world's worst photographer, or you should just buy, you know, an actual camera.
And we haven't even gotten to the important stuff yet. Because the 6S represents the last of its kind: A phone that has everything you need, everything you might think you want, and nothing more.
For example:
- A headphone jack. Why they hell, you might ask yourself, would I want a phone with a headphone jack when everyone is making Bluetooth headphones now? Because options is why. Because Bluetooth headphones can short out. They can run out of batteries. If you're Alex Jones, they might be sending your brain soothing nanowave messages about late-stage capitalism when they're not giving you alien cancers from Uranus. Whatever they're doing, know this: Regular headphones don't do that. They also don't short out as easily or require charging. Regular headphones are everywhere. And regular headphones—or aux wires, which are easier to use and don't require the inane, cumbersome setup most Bluetooth devices force on you—Don't. Require. A. Dongle. Apple forced upon new adopters of its phone an accessorizing feature that earns them money despite the wide outcry against it, because Apple knows we are sheep that will buy their phones even though we hate how they are missing features we find to be important to us. That isn't a low assessment of the general public—it's practically contemptuous.
- An actual button. Know what's deeply satisfying and reassuring? Buttons. They're mechanical. They live in a three-dimensional plane. They give when you push them. They respond, with equal force—such as laws of physics demand of them—when depressed. They send a wonderfully satisfying signal to your brain of physical rapture, from your button-pressing thumb or finger or whatever you press buttons with (not judging, just saying, that's cool too). And that signals says: Something in this world responded as it should. Even if the button didn't do anything. And to be fair: Sometimes buttons, when pressed, don't do things! It happens. Such is life, and the crushing weight of your expectations for the most pithy responses from it. But would you rather have a button you press not do something, or a button you don't press do anything? The "fake button" of the iPhone 7 is just insulting. That the iPhone X won't have any kind of physical button on its face—not even the cheesy simulacrum of one, such as the 7 has, and the 8 will have—is an affront to not just your humanity, but humanity at large, and honestly, probably the first of a thousand death by pinpricks in the forthcoming robot/human wars. Probably. The point is: buttons are great. Not having buttons sucks.
And, dear reader, some (obviously rhetorical) questions to consider:
- Outside of the misery-inducing "innovations" we've just considered, can you name the features the iPhone 7 has that make it substantially better than the 6S?
- If you own an iPhone 7, can you think of an innovation that you desperately want on an iPhone that Apple looks poised to deliver on?
- And if you owned a 6S, can you think of one thing you felt was missing from that phone when you owned it? [Semi-Rhetorical Answer: If your answer is "a fake button," your life is fake news. Die slow.]
- Finally, among the innovations we all want from Apple—like, say, replaceable iPhone batteries we could charge externally, or the reintroduction of a headphone jack, or an iPhone that is specifically designed with security features meant to keep Apple from just dropping late-era U2 on it without your consent—does Apple look poised to deliver on any of them?
The answers, in no particular order, are no, no, no, and hell no because Apple is greedy and doesn't care about you or the planet.
And then there are the reasons why the iPhone 8 or the iPhone X will suck without ever needing to have it in your hand:
Among 'em:
- At $800/$1,000, both new iPhones are gonna cost you more than the, yes, yearly incomes of nearly everyone in sub-Saharan Africa.
- Which, hi, is also filled with conflict zones that may or may not be where Apple continues to score minerals used to make iPhones, thus perpetuating a cycle of human rights abuses and environmental destruction. Nice.
- If you're not into the ethics of capitalism, fine, you monster, but look: You could take $800-$1,000 and invest it into something that will actually make you money, like cryptocurrency. If you bought a single Bitcoin a year ago with that money, you'd be sitting pretty, as opposed to being a dummy sitting there with a new iPhone, which isn't cool. You know what's cool? More money. You know what's really cool? Yeah you do.
- Also, do you really want facial recognition technology in your phone? Cool. Here's some facial recognition: You look like a sucker.
- But whatever, if you need to know why facial recognition sucks, go watch Minority Report and Enemy of the State back to back, maybe but not necessarily on some kind of amphetamine or very strong sativa edibles—again, not necessarily, but it helps enhance the experience—and then commit a low-level crime (like going five minutes past the parking meter, or using your parents' HBO Go login) and then tell me how you feel about facial recognition. And if you still want it, you're cops.
Finally, and most importantly, once the iPhone 8 and iPhone X truly show their shiny, expensive faces to the world, given that the iPhone 7 (which was the ultimately betrayal of you, a reasonable, dongle-hating, button-pressing human) already exists, the 6S is gonna be an absolute bargain. You can sell your 7 to some other sucker to take over, you'll get a headphone jack back, you'll have a button, and maybe some money to start your own cryptocurrency with—ButTonCoin, maybe.
Yes, you can have it all. The world will be yours. And in fact, you may already have it. And you give all that up by buying an iPhone X. Or an 8. Or a 7.
Just stick with the 6S. It works, it's great, and it's got a headphone jack. And you're not stupid. You're welcome.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/HannibalLecture
Hannibal Lecter, The Silence of the Lambs (book) "You'd like to quantify me, Officer Starling. You're so ambitious, aren't you? Do you know what you look like to me, with your good bag and your cheap shoes? You look like a rube."
Only a fool tries Perp Sweating a brainy killer. He knows all the tricks of psychology, and will turn the tables.
The creeper starts out with a few seemingly-innocent questions about the interrogator's life or even appearance — "Why did you go into law enforcement instead of medicine like you wanted?" or "Why aren't you married?" Then, the supposed loon asks more armor piercing questions, which turn into comments, which turn into deconstructions, which turn into declarations about how the interrogator has failed in different ways. Pretty soon, the loon is doing all the interrogating and all the answering, with the poor 'interrogator' doing nothing but nodding their assent and crying.
Advertisement:
In the climax, the prisoner's probing becomes a full-blown breaking lecture. This method of 'interrogating the interrogator' is a subtype known as a Hannibal Lecture. The theme of the lecture is always the same: their captor is a sad, pathetic failure who is only holding the prisoner captive to give themselves delusions of adequacy. Frequently, the captor must admit they are Not So Different morally.
A Deconstruction or subversion may involve the killer trying this on the interrogator, only to find that the interrogator is Too Dumb to Fool and doesn't understand why he's supposed to feel bad about whatever the killer said. Either that, or the interrogator simply doesn't care about the killer's opinion.
Incidentally, professional interrogators for police and other investigative agencies are trained never to answer questions. Ever. The main protagonist of The Closer is one of the few interrogators on TV who is faithful to this basic precept. Movie Nazis tend to respond with "Ve are askink ze qvestions here!"
Advertisement:
Named for Dr. Hannibal Lecter of the 1988 novel The Silence of the Lambs, who set the standard for this trope when he was immortalized onscreen by Anthony Hopkins in the 1991 film adaptation. You can't spell "Lecture" without L-E-C-T-E-R!
Sub-Trope of Break Them by Talking, where you'll find examples about someone who's not being interrogated doing it.
See also: To the Pain, Talking Your Way Out, Just Between You and Me, Evil Gloating, Shut Up, Hannibal!, "The Reason You Suck" Speech, and Critical Psychoanalysis Failure. Compare And Then What? If the declarations come from simple clues, this is a form of Sherlock Scan. Compare Kirk Summation, which is where a hero boils down a villain's Evil Plan or Motive Rant. Contrast Defiant Captive.
Has nothing to do with Hannibal Traven hosting a lecture.
Advertisement:
Examples
open/close all folders
Anime and Manga
In the Berserk manga, both Griffith and Guts do this to antagonists who have captured them, proving that they don't need any weapons to get the better of people.
At the end of Death Note, needs Kira's brand of justice, how war is ended and crime far down thanks to him, how stopping him would only cause the world to return to its former rotten state, and how Near was only chasing Light to feed his own ego and prove himself a worthy successor to L Light has been cornered and exposed as Kira, and goes into a Motive Rant about how the worldKira's brand of justice, how war is ended and crime far down thanks to him, how stopping him would only cause the world to return to its former rotten state, and how Near was only chasing Light to feed his own ego and prove himself a worthy successor to L Near bursts his bubble with "You're just a murderer"
Comic Books
Fan Fiction
Film
Literature
The Silence of the Lambs as the Trope Namer. In Hannibal, Hannibal's former nurse Barney speaks to a psychologist and brings up the time that he saw the same man go into the basement of the Baltimore hospital to interview Lecter. A little while later, the doctor came hurrying back along the hallway, trying to hide the fact that he was crying. Long story short, he was able to make Starling fall in love with him/brainwash her.
The first Sid Meiers Alpha Centauri novelization: While bound and essentially helpless, Shen-Ji Yang calmly lectures a professional soldier who is holding him hostage into putting her gun to her own temple and shooting herself, all in a time period of less than ten minutes. Yang is a master psychologist, and his agenda throughout the game is social experimentation. note It's two lines long and mostly about guilt-tripping the soldier about having a crush on her female commander.
Tobias in the Animorphs series was undergoing torture, and distracted his torturer with questions about her own past.
The War Against the Chtorr. Cult leader Jason Delandro has a chat with The Protagonist Jim McCarthy (who used to be a member of his cult) the night before his execution. McCarthy comes off worst in the debate, but at least he has the dubious satisfaction of blowing Delandro's head off the next day.
In Falling by Christopher Pike, the Acid Killer, Gene Banks, has a way of turning the tables on FBI agent Kelly Feinman. Even after Kelly has caught and made him a quadriplegic, she finds herself drawn to him and the revelations he provides her about her character. Pike has stated he owes a debt to Silence of the Lambs, and a character in Falling name-checks Hannibal Lecter.
Pike has stated he owes a debt to Silence of the Lambs, and a character in Falling name-checks Hannibal Lecter. Legacy of the Dragokin: From within her Tailor-Made Prison, Zarracka taunts Kalak about his failing marriage and attempts to seduce her way into his heart.
Live-Action TV
Radio
Referenced, but not at all an example, in The Black Philip Show in this YouTube clip . He says, "I just had to "Hannibal Lecter, just talk this bitch till' she dies," while explaining how his girlfriend's moodiness affects him.
Video Games
One possible low-level monster in Improbable Island is named Hannibal Lecture, and tries this on the player. It doesn't work.
Heroic example in the Ace Attorney Investigations sequel, in which Miles Edgeworth has been arrested for conducting an illegal investigation in order to clear Kay Faraday's name. Prosecutorial Investigation Committee Chairman Blaise Debeste happens to be walking by Edgeworth's cell and taunts him. Edgeworth responds by asking for the chance to ask "one question." Through the ensuing Logic Chess segment, Edgeworth repeatedly stacks on "just one more thing" to string Blaise along until Blaise finally admits that he knows that Kay is innocent and intentionally framed her. While the confession can't be used as evidence, it gives Edgeworth the information he needs to later expose and convict the true killer.
in order to clear name. Prosecutorial Investigation Committee Chairman Blaise Debeste happens to be walking by and taunts him. Edgeworth responds by asking for the chance to ask "one question." Through the ensuing Logic Chess segment, Edgeworth repeatedly stacks on "just one more thing" to string Blaise along until Blaise finally admits that While the confession can't be used as evidence, it gives Edgeworth the information he needs to later expose and convict the true killer. A majority of Master Contra's speeches in Neo Contra consists of these. Stage 6 has him giving one such speech about ultimate soldiers and winning wars.
Web Comics
Web Original
Western Animation
The Assy McGee episode "Pegfinger" contains a parody of the Hannibal Lecture in The Silence of the Lambs. While walking down a corridor identical to the one in the movie, Assy warns Sanchez not to let the prisoner they're about to question "get inside his head." Pegfinger immediately does so in seconds with little more than a racist joke ("A wedding ring? How many oranges did you have to pick to pay for that?) and Sanchez goes berserk and shoots him to death. The Fillmore! episode "To Mar a Stall" is a homage to The Silence of the Lambs, including the Hannibal Lecture from the serial graffitist.
In the Season 3 premiere of The Legend of Korra, Zaheer delivers one of these to his guards about his idol Guru Laghima and his philosophy. As soon as the guards ask what does it mean, he tells them that they have blinded themselves to the possibility of a new reality, and reveals his newly found airbending. He uses the airbending escape his cell and lock the very guards back into his cell, before taunting them, and leaving them to starve to death.
South Park, "Toilet Paper". Parodies Silence of the Lambs scene-for-scene. For example in "Toilet Paper" Officer Barbrady interviews Josh, who gives him a calm and pressurising lecture involving toilet paper.
In the first episode of Superman: The Animated Series, Jor-El discovers that Brainiac (the central A.I. of Krypton) has been deceiving the planetary council about the impending doomsday, and uploading himself into a satellite. When Jor-El asks why, Brainiac calmly points out that had he revealed Krypton's fate, the council would have ordered him (forcefully) to determine a way to avert it, which Brainiac knew to be impossible. He decided instead to use the remaining time to save himself. When Jor-El threatens to destroy Brainiac's mainframe, Brainiac argues that when Krypton is gone, he will be all that remains of the entirety of its culture and history, and asks if Jor-El is willing to consign Krypton to be lost and forgotten. Jor-El reluctantly lowers his gun, just before Brainiac calls the guards on him.
In Xiaolin Showdown, Hannibal Roy Bean is introduced from inside a jail cell that is inside a sealed dimension and his first line of dialogue is bluntly proving to Card-Carrying Villain Jack Spicer that he's really a Noble Demon in denial. This is not how he escapes because Jack doesn't let him out. That would be Omi because Hannibal shapeshifted into Jack and convinced him that Hannibal tricked him into letting him out. Note the reference to Hannibal in Bean's name.
Real Life
Liv Kristine – World Champion Daily Planner
Liv Kristine has been a force to be reckoned with since 1995, singing with Theater of Tragedy. Getting unceremoniously dropped from the band in the early 2000's, she quickly got back on her feet, forming Leaves' Eyes with husband Alexander Krull (of Atrocity) as well as moving forward in her solo career. Leaves' Eyes and Liv Kristine's solo work have always remained quite separate, with the former having more “metal” themes of myths and history accompanied by a heavier sound, and the latter being more personal in nature and flirting with pop influences.
Last year, Leaves' Eyes produced their strongest album yet in the form of Symphonies of the Night, and it does seem as if that energy has fed into the recently released solo effort of Liv Kristine. Vervain sees Liv move away from some of the poppier influences and return to a darker, and more gothic-tinged approach. Given the opportunity to fire off some questions to Liv, we looked into some of her past, her songwriting approach, how she balances family and touring, and her latest album Vervain of course…
Dead Rhetoric: Vervain seems a bit less pop-driven that some of your recent solo work. Was this intentional?
Liv Kristine: Vervain is my fifth solo album and I see it as the logical step after Libertine; while Enter My Religion and Skintight were more oriented to new age/pop. Vervain is much darker, heavier and more doom-based that the lighter but very emotional Libertine. I am definitely going back to the roots, which also includes my times with Theatre of Tragedy. Moreover, don't forget the fact that Black Sabbath and Ozzy were THE music I grew up with through my very young parents (by the way I have the best parents on the planet). Vervain is gothic, doom, with a killer sound and touching lyrics and melodies. I loved recording my vocals for it, as I was able to use my whole range of tones and singing manners. I enjoy letting in all my experience and good moments in a retrospective but also creative light. It feels just great to release Vervain at this point of my career! I felt that this was the perfect moment as I am always listening to my artistic heart and mind. I am very, very happy about this release, and I think many Theatres of Tragedy fans and followers will be, too. Currently there are a lot of promotion activities for the album going on which is hard work, however, I am very grateful that I have you, fans and friends all over the world, following me and taking interest in my artistic work.
Dead Rhetoric: Where does the drive come from when you decide that you are going to do another solo album?
Kristine: The main rule is to concentrate on one album, one production. Vervain was composed after the release of Leaves' Eyes Symphonies of the Night. It's important to finish one production before starting a new one. I compose and record when I am ready for it. It's really great that we have our own studio, Mastersound, with two recording rooms and one rehearsal room. This means that Alex, Tosso, I and whoever is present at the studio may work on his or her own ideas separately. I would say we needed about a year. It went really smoothly! It was Tosso who mainly composed it, together with Alex, who also produced it at our own Mastersound Studio. We are such a great team and Alex and Tosso know my abilities and goals. When I told both of them that I had wanted to write compositions based on my “earlier” days, they loved it! Sometimes I think the two of them can read my mind!
Dead Rhetoric: How does the lyric-writing approach change with your solo work compared to that of Leaves Eyes?
Kristine: First of all my solo albums do not include Celtic and Norse myths, legend and history. That's Leaves' Eyes' “territory”. A Leaves' Eyes album almost always begins with a concept. This is not all the case concerning my solo albums. I always focus on one production at the time. In general it's mainly Thorsten, Alexander and myself who compose and produce all music generating from Mastersound Studio. I have always followed my musical heart, no matter band or project, Theatre of Tragedy, Leaves Eyes, Liv Kristine or guest appearances. I definitely need both, Leaves' Eyes and Liv Kristine, or lets say, I need ALL the freedom I can possibly get to move freely within my artistic world and dreams. I am incredibly lucky: my fans have always been there for me all these years.
The main difference between Leaves Eyes and my solo band is also mainly rooted within the musical genres: Leaves” Eyes is a metal band, influenced by Scandinavian and Irish traditional folk music, moreover, Norse mythology and Viking history when it comes to lyrics and concept. My solo band is more “here and now”, I go album by album, touching the genres of indie, pop, rock, metal…
I was born with a highly creative heart and mind and I do need to develop, to spread my wings within music and art generally, which also means to be involved with different musical styles.
Dead Rhetoric: It seems clear that you put family first. Is it getting harder than your son gets older to balance recording/touring with multiple projects as well as being a mom?
Kristine: I am a world champion in daily planning! When possible, I tour with my family. My son, Leon, will turn eleven this year. We recorded the debut of Leaves' Eyes when I was pregnant in my final months. I will never forget this. He entered the world four hours after I had sung my final tone for the album. When he listens to it today, he says, “its kind of magic”. Now, this year Leaves' Eyes also celebrate their 10th anniversary; we have toured four continents and released five full-length albums and 3 EPs. We just played our headliner anniversary show in Belgium at MFVF, which was absolutely wonderful. Right now, as said, I am about to release my fifth solo album Vervain. I am now back home after a superb tour with The Sirens. I am as busy as ever, however, very happy! Creativity and love towards music is the force behind my artistic work, as well as thankfulness towards my audience and fans. The adventure will go on for many years, I can promise you that! All of this is my life! There is only one thing being more important to me: my family. You said it! The basic behind all this is to stay healthy in mind and body and to keep a good balance between business and privacy. I focus a lot on this, and I feel rooted with what I am doing, with nature and with living this very moment.
Dead Rhetoric: At one point quite some time back, you had a court case concerting your solo material and a producer. Was it disappointing to be put in the position where someone wanted you to sing/act a certain way?
Kristine: There were a few obstacles, yes. I was so, so disappointed. Imagine, I was born on the countryside in Norway…I experienced the world, my surroundings, to be completely safe and wonderful. Especially in the pop business there were moments when I thought “that's it – I have had enough of this cold, exploiting music business”. I was almost out of the business for about a year, I just had enough. I finished my master degree in language acquisition/Anglistics and worked at a school for kids with serious social or any kind problems, which really opened up my eyes! This creative lowlight was in 2002-2003 going through a court case because producer, label and manager wanted to force me to sing on music, which just wasn't me. They pushed me into a tricky situation where I couldn't decide myself anymore. It was all about money. I lost the whole faith in the music business, moreover, a stalker made my life tough and Theatre of Tragedy, the band I formed with my friends in Norway, suddenly excluded me from the band without any good reason, with a message on their homepage. I thought I had lost everything and wanted to give up my musical career. Anyway, working with kids in a much, much serious situation than my own I learned to focus on the essential things in life.
Critics fear that the legislative changes made to Article 9 last November will lead to the swift remilitarization of Japan (Toru Yamanaka/AFP/Getty Images)
Last September, Japan's parliament introduced new laws that would allow for a broader interpretation of Article 9, a clause in the country's constitution that strictly limits military action to self defense. The changes were met with protest both domestically and internationally. In Japan, many citizens worried openly about the risk of combat violence and, more generally, the rise of reactionary governance in the country. The Chinese government has also objected, saying through state-controlled media that the legislative shift is a “brutal violation” of peaceful development and regional stability. South Korea expressed concern as well.
Despite these concerns, however, many experts believe worries of World War II-style militarization are overstated.
Related On February 3 at Asia Society in New York, Kevin Rudd will be joined by Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Shinsuke Sugiyama to discuss the regional and global consequences of Japan's new security posture. The event will be live webcast starting at 8:30 AM.Learn more
“[There's] no big difference from last year, or the year before,” Yuki Tatsumi, an East Asia senior associate at the Stimson Center in Washington, D.C., said. Tatsumi believes that changes to Japan's pacifist stance are mostly embellished, and that even prior to the controversial reinterpretation of Article 9 the country was already concerned with “gray zone” emergencies. These threats — defined as those requiring robust law-enforcement activities but short of armed provocation by a foreign military — include maritime disputes with China and brinksmanship over North Korea's nuclear development.
Last year's legislative changes, pushed by conservative Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, allow for Japan to send its military overseas under three conditions: Japan or a close ally is attacked, threatening the country's survival and posing a clear danger to its people; there is no other appropriate means available to repel the attack; and the use of force is restricted to a necessary minimum.
But Tatsumi maintains that there isn't a present-day scenario that would make Japan seriously consider sending forces abroad, with the exception of UN-mandated peacekeeping missions. “Even then, their role will be in a more logistical area, not the frontlines,” Tatsumi added.
Keisuke Suzuki, a Japanese politician from the Liberal Democratic Party and junior government minister, echoed this sentiment. He said that Japan's legislative changes were implemented mostly to match international standards of contributing in global peace missions.
“During the Gulf War in the late 80s and early 90s Japan only sent money, and didn't send any human effort, and at the time we were criticized by a lot of the international community,” Suzuki told the BBC. “It's important to show a strong commitment to peacebuilding and peacekeeping.”
Nevertheless, Thomas U. Berger, an Asia Program fellow at Washington D.C.'s Wilson Center, noted that while the new defense posture may be subtle, it lays the groundwork for something potentially significant. Berger views Japan's modest 1.5 percent increase in defense spending this year as a small step toward better equipping Japan Self-Defense Forces for a more active combat role.
“That means investing in amphibious warfare capabilities to repel a Chinese landing on the Senkaku/Diaoyus and neighboring islands, improving Japan's anti-submarine warfare capabilities … it should also mean improving anti-missile defense abilities — an issue made all the more urgent given the recent North Korean ‘hydrogen' bomb test and continued missile development program.”
Berger added that along with renewed alliances with the U.S., Tokyo needs to be able to provide American forces with support in the event of a military clash. “Japanese ships are now able to defend the U.S. and potentially other allied nations' ships on the high sea. Japanese forces are able to provide military protection and logistical support closer to combat areas. And intelligence coordination is improving."
Berger says that while the new legislation is a step toward eroding cautiousness by the government in sending forces overseas, there is still a strong aversion from the Japanese public and elite to get involved in overseas military missions. Because of this, he believes that Japan will remain pacifist for the time being — and any changes are unlikely to happen overnight.
“Could Japanese forces be dispatched overseas on combat missions or missions that turn into combat missions?” Berger asked. “In principle, yes, but it is still difficult to imagine how this might come about. There is no doubt things are changing, but they are changing very gradually and at a cautious and deliberate pace.”
Billy Beane finally has a chance to build rosters with a new ballpark in mind.
“I've never done it before, so any help would be appreciated,” Beane quipped Monday, a day after his A's ended their season.
Long after plans to build ballparks in San Jose and Fremont collapsed — not that they ever had any chance of getting built — the A's say they've settled on an Oakland site near Laney College and hope to open a shiny facility in 2023.
According to my smartphone calculator, that's six years away. As a friendly reminder, no one on the A's roster six years ago still suits up for this team. Heck, no one on the team from five years ago is still around. Or four years ago. Or three years ago.
Marcus Semien is the longest-tenured A's player, and he came along in 2015.
So is it premature for the A's to suggest they're building a team on the belief a ballpark is coming when it's so far removed, has a bunch of hurdles and still is little more than a dream?
Beane says no.
“I think right now we've just got to operate that it's going to happen,” said Beane, the A's vice president of baseball operations. “The other option is one we've done my entire career here, which is a constant churn.
“So I'm churned out.”
It's all part of the organization's newfound optimism. For a team that finished in last place three consecutive years and plays in one of the worst facilities in the majors, the A's are one enthusiastic bunch.
Can't blame them. They had a winning record since Independence Day, finished on a 17-7 run and have a core of young, real-deal hitters who are igniting the roster renovation. Furthermore, the new fan-friendly vibe and amenities under President Dave Kaval were refreshing, though they didn't translate at the box office; only the Tampa Bay Rays had worse attendance.
Beane revealed there has been talk, with a new stadium as the backdrop, of signing young core players to long-term deals. Corner infielders Matt Olson and Matt Chapman would be free agents after the 2023 season, the supposed first one in the new digs.
“When you're talking about building a club for a stadium that's six years off, and if you're talking about locking them up, then you're looking to have to lock them up for a long time,” Beane said. “So that's sort of the trick and the balance that we have to address this offseason, if we're going to embark on that.”
Meantime, revenue sharing continues to dwindle. The collective bargaining agreement calls for the A's to lose 25 percent of their revenue-sharing checks annually until it's gone. That's 2020. That means they'd need to exist a few years without assistance from baseball's welfare system before moving into a new home, which all enters into the payroll equation.
“It's part of our internal conversation,” Beane said, “as it relates to revenues and what will happen.”
Also part of the conversation is Beane's long-desired model, taken from the Cleveland Indians, who built a foundation with gifted young players and signed them long term before their peak years. When the Indians' facility opened in 1994, they were a solid and sustainable team and sold out regularly.
“I think you have to be very proactive long before a stadium opens,” Beane said. “Listen, you have to get people excited about the product that's going in a new stadium if you expect them to pay higher prices or even come at all. That's really important.
“So for me, the model has always been the Indians. No one has done it since then nearly as well. If you wait too long and try to create a team a year before the stadium opens, most of them badly miss the mark, and we've got to take advantage of it.”
Like the three other teams with losing records in the American League West, the A's are trying to catch up with the Houston Astros, who won the division by 21 games. The Angels, Mariners and Rangers are thinking they'll contend sooner rather than later, so the A's have no easy road.
The plan is to get it done with the wave of youth, which was underscored during the season when the A's traded their lone All-Star, first baseman Yonder Alonso, to Seattle. With the future in mind, management wanted to see what Olson could do in a full-time role, and he wound up with 24 homers in just 59 games.
“We've got to keep in mind, if we're going to catch Houston with a young team, we're going to have to make decisions like that,” Beane said. “There is a gap, there's no question, and it's going to be a long haul to catch them.”
The's believe they're on the right path and continue to follow their ballpark dream, even though it's a long way away.
John Shea is The San Francisco Chronicle's national baseball writer. Email: jshea@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JohnSheaHey
The day before Thanksgiving is one of the busiest travel days of the year in the United States. But on November 21, 2012, weather posed a challenge for people flying in and out of St. Louis, Missouri. It also posed a challenge for drivers making their morning commutes. Thick fog descended on the city overnight on November 20–21, and on the morning of November 21, visibility was as low as one-sixteenth of a mile (0.1 kilometers), according to news reports.
Fog lingered over the region when the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Terra satellite captured this natural-color image at 10:45 a.m. local time (16:45 UTC) on November 21. Fog filled the Mississippi River Valley as well as the valleys of the Missouri River and many of its tributaries. Fog extended from Jefferson City in the northwest to Cape Girardeau in the southeast. Situated at the confluence of the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers, St. Louis was engulfed by low clouds.
Fog is simply clouds that have formed at ground level. Like all clouds, fog forms when the local air reaches its dew point—the temperature at which water vapor condenses into tiny droplets. In the autumn, the moisture content of the atmosphere remains relatively high, but nights are cool. Overnight, the ground tends to cool faster than the atmosphere, and air in contact with a cooling, sloped surface will slide down and settle in the valley floor. Because autumn brings longer nights, fog has more time to form and is a fairly common occurrence.
NASA image courtesy Jeff Schmaltz, LANCE MODIS Rapid Response Team at NASA GSFC. Caption by Michon Scott.
A private organization that monitors radiation data from network points across the United States issued email alerts today for two Western U.S. cities, Reno, Nev., and St. George, Utah.
The alerts came from the the Nuclear Emergency Tracking Center, which explains its mission is to provide radiation monitoring information from hundreds of sites in Japan and the U.S., including those run by the Environmental Protection Agency.
The warning pinpointed an area “of concern” in St. George, Utah, where background radiation levels more than doubled today from the typical reading.
In Reno, “the current background radiation level has increased suddenly by more than 200 points from the typical average.”
The report said the “counts per minute” at St. George reach an all-time high of 456, while the average is 222 with a normal deviation of 55.
In Reno, the CPM suddenly surged to 462. The all-time high is 542. The average is 279 with a deviation of 56.2.
NETC.com founder Harlan Yother told WND he's seeing more and more surges of radiation. Levels have risen along the West Coast, then moved east. The movement always follows by two or three days a rise in levels in Japan, home of the Fukushima nuclear reactor disaster in 2011, he said.
A previous alert, Nov. 26, cited the Fukishima nuclear disaster, where a power plant was struck first by an earthquake, then by a tidal wave created by the undersea quake.
Several of the reactors at Fukushima melted down and exploded, releasing massive doses of radiation into the air and water.
Yother said the records show that Seattle, which once was one of the lowest radiation reporting sites in the nation, has been rising since the disaster.
“We can tell it has been increasing,” he said.
Officials with the Utah and Nevada offices of emergency management did not immediately respond to WND questions about the readings. Nor did the Department of Homeland Security.
The website offered basic advice for when radiation levels rise.
“You may wish to close windows in your home or office to keep radiation out, and remove shoes upon entering your home, perhaps rinsing them off so as not to track radiation into the home. You may also consider using near-the-door coat racks to hang external coats or jackets you wore outside so as to keep any radiation that may have accumulated upon them, in one location and not have it throughout your home.”
The Fukushima disaster developed in the aftermath of the March 11, 2011, quake. The cooling equipment at the plant failed, allowing the reactors to melt down. It was the largest nuclear disaster since the Chernobyl meltdown in 1986. It was the second disaster, along with Chernobyl, to measure Level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale.
Russia Today reported yesterday that Tokyo is looking to spent $970 million to store 130,000 tons of contaminated soil dug out from near the crippled power plant.
The government also wants to buy up to five square kilometers of land to build a storage facility.
The plant was designed by General Electric and run by the Tokyo Electric Power Company. Last July, the plant reportedly was leaking tons of heavily contaminated water into the Pacific.
In addition to the email alert, the NETC.com map showed four concern points in the Western United States, three in California and one inland a few hundred miles.
They were listed at Radcon 4, only one step from an alert, the map showed.
Keywords relevant for this post: Amorpha fruticosa uses, plant chemical constituents, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, bioactive compounds, plant secondary metabolites, rotenoids, studies, scientific study, patients, research, clinical, pathophysiology, health, open access, journal, open access journals, science journal, free journal publication, online journal, open access publishing, open access articles, science magazine, journal science, journal of science, biochemistry, alternative medicine, ethnobotanical plants, ethnobotany, ethnopharmacology, herbal medicine, herbal plants, herbal products, herbal remedies, herbal supplements, herbs, holistic medicine, medicinal herbs, medicinal plants, medicinal plants and their uses, natural medicine, natural remedies, botanicals, phytotherapy, natural product, natures products, phytochemistry, pharmacognosy, phytochemicals, medicinal chemistry, phytonutrients, flavonoids, phytochemical supplements, phytonutrients supplements, polyphenols, bioactivity, bio active, bioactive, bioactive compounds, food and nutrition, nutrition, nutritional supplements, analytical chemistry, analytical chemistry research.
"Amorpha fruticosa L. (Fabaceae) is a shrub native to North America which has beencultivated mainly for its ornamental features, honey plant value and protective propertiesagainst soil erosion. It is registered amongst the most noxious invasive species inEurope. However, a growing body of scientific literature also points to the therapeuticpotential of its chemical constituents. Due to the fact that A. fruticosa is an aggressiveinvasive species, it can provide an abundant and cheap resource of plant chemicalconstituents which can be utilized for therapeutic purposes. Additionally, exploitation ofthe biomass for medicinal use might contribute to relieving the destructive impact ofthis species on natural habitats. The aim of this review is to provide a comprehensivesummary and systematize the state-of-the-art in the knowledge of the phytochemicalcomposition and the potential of A. fruticosa in disease treatment and prevention, withespecial emphasis on diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Also reviewed are aspectsrelated to potential toxicity of A. fruticosa which has not yet been systematicallyevaluated in human subjects.""The different effects of Amorpha fruticosa reviewed in this work are outlined in Figure 4. The potential of Amorpha fruticosa against diabetes and metabolic disease is promising and deserves further investigation. The toxicity review in relation to safety application revealed that until now there are no published data about human toxicity of A. fruticosa. On the contrary A. fruticosa and compounds isolated from it showed many positive and useful effects for humans. This aggressive invasive species provides endless, cheap resource which can be utilized for remedial purposes. A vast use of A. fruticosa substances in the future might contribute to resolve problems associated with this aggressive invasive species in the natural habitats in many European countries."Kozuharova E, Matkowski A, Woz´niak D, Simeonova R, Naychov Z, Malainer C, Mocan A,Nabavi SM and Atanasov AG (2017) Amorpha fruticosa – A Noxious Invasive Alien Plant in Europe or a Medicinal Plant against Metabolic Disease? Front. Pharmacol. 8:333. doi: 10.3389/fphar.2017.00333Prof. Atanas G. Atanasov (Dr. habil., PhD)
The Blackall Range Woodworkers Guild is a hive of activity on the Sunshine Coast.
As one of the Sunshine Coast's longest running woodworking groups enters its 21st year, one member says it is overwhelming to see the impact the group has on the community and its members' sense of belonging.
The Blackall Range Woodcrafters Guild began in 1996 with 12 members and now boasts 190, including 30 women.
The group donates 1,000 wooden toys annually to the Salvation Army, and many of those are made throughout the year on the allocated toy-making day — Wednesday.
Founding member Hamish Borthwick said it was extremely gratifying making the toys, but the group also takes pride in helping other parts of the community.
When they recently became aware of a need for wheelchair trays, solitaire sets and puzzles at one of the local hospitals, they got to work.
"Our pleasure was seeing these adult girls almost in tears," Mr Borthwick said, choking back tears.
"From the pride of receiving, the want of receiving ... and I'm almost in tears talking about it because it meant a helluva lot to me."
But Mr Borthwick said the benefit of small community groups like this one went beyond the items which were physically produced.
"We've got a lot of Vietnam vets, we've got people who've come in with depression... I know I've had a bit of depression over the last 21 years and thank God, I've got over it," he said.
He said at times, when the shed was in full force, it resembled a busy train station because there was always something happening and someone to watch.
"You see so many different characters go past and morning tea is no slim event I can tell you, because if you haven't got your wits about you, you get slammed," Mr Borthwick laughed.
The nearly 200 members come from all walks of life and include optometrists, radio engineers, surgeons and one submariner, Don Meredith.
Mr Meredith, a former Navy engineer of 22 years, found the guild after he retired to the Glasshouse Mountains.
"Although I'd never made things out of timber, as far as machinery goes there are very few manufacturing machines that I haven't operated at some time," he said.
"But I get out of the way when anything goes wrong."
It is that sense of camaraderie which instantly appealed to semi-retired Rick Vickers who has been part of the guild for the last five years, despite his self-confessed "fairly basic" wood working skills.
"My wife bought me a Christmas present which was a membership and said 'you'd better use this one' and I've been loving it ever since," Mr Vickers said.
"There are guys here who are willing and able to pass on a lifetime of skills to people like me who are newbies."
Mr Vickers, who at 66 is one of the club's youngest members, said he was proud of all he has created, given that his last foray into woodworking was at school.
"Every member of my family now have a bowl, nearly every member or relative has a cheese board or a cutting board and they love it," he laughed.
"I'm learning how to do blanket boxes with the dove-tailing so, my daughter who has everything in the world, I gave her a blanket box for her 21st birthday.
"You could go buy one, but this was made by dad with all its blemishes in it."
Away from the guild, Mr Vickers works as a risk and safety consultant where his mind is immersed in policies, procedures and planning that may take years to bring to fruition.
"The things I do are cerebral and it takes ages, years sometimes, to get that culture across of what you need to be done," he said.
"However, here you can do something in four hours and you go 'You know what? I've made something now for my daughter, my niece ..' and you can't buy that sort of stuff."
The 190 members work out of a large shed at Montville in the Sunshine Coast hinterland, with every woodworking tool imaginable.
Mr Borthwick said the group uses trees donated from all over the country which are then milled on site, another skill for members to learn.
"We get trees donated to us by different people. It's easy for them to put it on a truck and bring it here instead of trying to make chips out of it and put it through the chipper," he said.
"We air dry the wood for about six months and then it all goes into the kiln and gets finished and then we sell that to the members and that's how we make our money to survive."
Two significant insights into Republicans' evolving tax-reform plan emerged Friday.
First, House Speaker Paul Ryan said that an additional top income tax bracket would be proposed to make it easier to maintain high tax rates on the very highest-income Americans. And second, proposals are being floated that would dramatically reduce the amount of retirement contributions that can be deducted from an individuals' taxable income.
Ryan's comments came in an appearance on CBS This Morning. He said a fourth tax bracket would be added to the plan “so that high income earners do not see a big rate cut, and that those resources go to the middle class.”
Previous versions of the Republican plan had only three tax brackets, down from the current seven, though the additional fourth bracket was mentioned as a possibility.
Without a fourth bracket, those with annual incomes above $418,400 could have seen a tax cut of nearly 5% from their current top rate of 39.6%. Ryan's comments to CBS suggest they may still see a smaller reduction. He also said the plan would seek to eliminate “loopholes and carve-outs that disproportionately benefit the very high income people, the very well-connected businesses.”
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
However, another potential plank in the tax reform plan would be much less beneficial for middle-income Americans. According to the Wall Street Journal, a proposal circulating around Washington would reduce the amount of retirement contributions that can be deducted from an individuals' taxable income from $18,000 a year for most workers to as little as $2,400.
That reduction would be in line with the GOP plan's broader attack on various individual deductions. That includes the state and local income tax deduction, which the Senate voted to eliminate on Thursday, and the mortgage interest deduction.
The Trump plan replaces those with higher standard deductions, but experts still say changing the mortgage deduction could reduce homeownership. Similarly, according to the Journal's analysis, reducing the retirement contribution exemption would make saving more expensive, putting negative pressure on retirement savings rates, which are already distressingly low nationwide.
A new report produced by the University of Hull and the charity Plan UK has revealed the best and worst places for girls to grow up in the UK.
The research looked at average life expectancy, child-poverty rates, teenage-pregnancy rates, education and employment. It concluded that girls had a better quality of life in affluent areas like Surrey than in inner-city areas like Liverpool or Nottingham. ‘Overall, the UK is failing girls', says Lucy Russell, one of the authors of the report. ‘Girls don't have equal rights and equal life chances across the UK.' Interestingly, the report did not include information on boys' quality of life. The report claims it is ‘unapologetic in its focus on girls and their lives'. But it is still ignoring the elephant in the room. The fact that girls in Waverley enjoy higher quality of life than those in Salford has nothing to do with the fact that they're girls and everything to do with the fact that, in comparison, Salford is a much poorer, working-class area.
Indeed, the researchers seem to be well aware that their stats alone don't point to any clear gender disparity. So, in order to make up for this, they've conducted interviews with 103 girls about their life experiences. The authors conclude: ‘Girls are facing daily harassment in school, in the classroom and on the way to and from school. They need to use technology, but they don't always feel safe to do that. They're scared every day on the street.' Based on a few conversations with a few young girls, Plan UK is claiming that there is real gender inequality in Britain today. This is absolute nonsense. As spiked has often argued, girls in the UK have never had it so good. The old barriers are gone: it's illegal to discriminate on the basis of sex, and society's view of women's freedom and capabilities has changed enormously over the past few decades. The pathologisation of normal, albeit rude, teenage behaviour forms the basis of many of the scare stories in the report. In one of the case studies, a 14-year-old girl describes a group of boys her age shouting at her and telling her to get her arse out. ‘How can I be equal to men if that still happens?', she asks. As such, normal teenage experiences – getting into fights, feeling down, being self-conscious – are turned into issues of sexism. And some of the stories are incredibly trivial. ‘This village is a good area to be a girl, but sometimes there isn't enough to do', complains one teenager. ‘In my opinion, I think there should be places where you can get hot chocolate.'
This report is risible. But, although it provides no great insight into gender inequality, it does offer a keen insight into feminists' inability to grapple with the issue of class. The truth is that a young girl from Blackpool will have far more in common with a boy down her street than she will with a girl living in Islington. That GCSE results for girls are lower in Watford than they are in East Hertfordshire has nothing to do with the level of gender equality in those areas. High rates of teenage pregnancy are also cited in the report as a cause of low quality of life for girls in certain areas. For girls living in Tamworth, Staffordshire, where there are fewer prospects and less going on, having a child might be a more desirable option. And yet it is treated here as if it were a life sentence. For all the talk of sexism and prejudice, these ‘girl's rights' campaigners seem to take a pretty blinkered view of teenage mothers.
"Watch out for the mice when you're fielding. They scuttle everywhere."
I don't much think of the shallow holes that have transformed parts of the outfield into Swiss cheese, but I tread with caution. With my whites now hastily tucked into my socks, I soak it in. We are in Vinor, a sleepy district on Prague's northeastern edge, and the location of the Czech Republic's first and main cricket ground. The ground is a postcard patch of manicured grass interrupting acres of lush, green farms - Vinor is mostly farmland, best known for a medieval-era zamek, or small castle, of which there are hundreds scattered through the country.
Vinor does not attract visitors, or not until summertime. Indeed, cricket match days can swell the district's population by 30 people - 40 if it's a keenly awaited fixture - every weekend. This week I'm making up the numbers for Velvary Cricket Club, the country's tenth and newest cricket club.
It's a Sunday in early September, and we are due to play a T20. There is no pitch inspection, for the pitch is matted. There is no pavilion, but there is a shed in which we will take refuge from bouts of harsh drizzle in the late afternoon. Velvary CC is a few weeks old and is the brainchild of Scott Page, a burly, no-nonsense Australian expat. He hands me my brand new green cap, points his iPhone at me and flatly instructs: "Smile, this will go on our Facebook page."
We lose the toss and we are batting first. I volunteer to open. Prague CC are our opposition for the day, and they are the best in the country. They are a team replete with expats from the subcontinent who have previously played for the Czech Republic. Their best player is an Indian big-hitter with a fearsome reputation. During the week he is a chef. Most of his team-mates work for multinational corporations that have divisional offices in Prague. There is only one local Czech player for Prague CC today, and he is to spend his day enthusiastically moving from third man to third man. As I gingerly stretch off my EasyJet-induced neck strain and get acquainted with my new team, Prague CC perform sharp and determined fielding drills, full of yelps and pats on bums for spectacular diving catches.
A London-style double-decker bus that occasionally serves as transport during the cricket season - and more often as a makeshift pavilion © Kriketova Akademie CR
Our team for the day includes a female student from the east of the country, and several subcontinent expats who are new to Prague. The umpires and scorers are league players on a day off, paid 300CZK (about US$10) per day.
I rummage through our club's kit bag. I decide against a helmet, and hope the abdominal guard is kosher. The club bat is but a stick of heavy plywood, but beggars cannot be choosers. We are all grateful to be here.
****
Hidden behind thick, tall crops, the Vinor ground would be impossible to spot from a distance were it not studded with a small crowd dressed in white. The ground is difficult to reach. From central Prague, it is a two-hour journey, taking in a tram, the metro, a bus and then a 15-minute walk along the side of a highway that leads to the dirt path to the ground.
Nobody moans about it. Most can remember when there was no cricket ground, no cricket team, no league, and no funding. For the expat looking for crumbs of home comfort, or for the curious newbie exploring a new sport, this cumbersome voyage is an unspoken part of Prague's match-day ritual. Indeed, the journey itself is a microcosm of what it's like to play cricket in an underdeveloped cricket nation. Particularly for expats it is not so much a journey to a ground as it is a pilgrimage to a mirage of home.
For six years, studying medicine, I lived in Hradec Králové, a quaint city in the eastern part of the Czech Republic. Cricket did not exist as a concept in Bohemia until my third year, when I contemplated dropping out of university. I was bored and unfulfilled. My cure for homesickness was to try and find a Czech girlfriend, and when that didn't work out, I started a cricket team.
The pitch for the Vinohrady CC derby © Kriketova Akademie CR
There was support from expat students, many of whom were desperate to escape the monotony of a pretty but minuscule city. We tried to find purpose in cricket. At the same time, a new Indian restaurant in town brought in a handful of Indian chefs and cricket-mad owners, who promised us a 20% discount - excluding drinks - if we won even a single match through the season. This was more than enough motivation.
We procured a team's worth of cricket kit, thanks to extremely generous sponsorship from a cricket shop in London. During the summer we began training at the local athletics ground, where the discus nets handily doubled as makeshift cricket nets. Around us, promising local athletes would sprint on the track, or do long and high jumps, and stretch every sinew in preparation for competitions. Often they would idly drift towards our area and ask: "Co to je?" [What is this?]. Their coaches would scold them for getting distracted. We made the most of whatever facilities we had. Many afternoons were spent perfecting Jonty Rhodes-like dives on giant blue crash mats, until the high-jump coach would arrive and disdainfully shoo us away.
Cricket is difficult enough to explain to native English speakers; explaining it in a different language is nigh on impossible, and as a result we were a barely tolerated curiosity. Occasionally the local athletes would ask to hold a bat, or attempt to bowl. Regrettably, our own clunkiness meant that no matter how sincere we were, these balletic athletes would contort themselves into pretzels trying to play a forward defensive. Subsequently they chose to smile politely at us and observe from a distance.
Every year, our team - the HK Hurricanes - played a couple of matches against other student teams in Prague, but it was difficult to maintain. As cricket-inclined students throughout the northern hemisphere are all too aware, the season coincides with exam period and summer recess. A lack of numbers, wavering commitment, and annual changes in personnel is a killer for team continuity.
The snack stand at the Central Europe Cup, played in Vinor © Kriketova Akademie CR
We did win our first match but never got that restaurant discount.
****
Chris Pearce is chairman of Czech Cricket as well as founder of Kriketová Akademie ČR, a non-profit organisation that promotes cricket in the country. Originally from England, he has been living in Prague for the last six years.
"I saw that there's a lot of potential here, so I wanted to do something about it," he says. "The Czechs are focused on the outdoors. In the UK there's a good social culture around the cricket, which makes it more than just a sport. This fits perfectly with the Czechs, and I think the sport will prosper greatly once we've broken down the barrier of lack of cricket knowledge."
That barrier, of course, is substantial. Though the ICC's website hints intriguingly at a cricket club in Prague in the 1870s, cricket barely existed until the start of this century. Czech Cricket was formed in 2000 and is an Affiliate ICC member.
Page, Velvary CC's founder, has been involved in Czech Cricket since its inception, and is a backbone of the cricket community. He played for the national team, once picking up 4 for 14 against Bulgaria. "I met a local girl in Prague when I was travelling through Europe in 1997, and I've mostly been here since," he says.
Going hell for leather in the Vinohrady CC derby © Kriketova Akademie CR
"The first organised game [here] was a six-a-side tournament played on a rugby pitch in August 1997. More organised cricket followed, and plenty of visiting teams came to Prague for beers and a social game. After games at our old ground, we used to go to the local pub, all dressed in white, and in our broken Czech we would ask for 50 beers - the waitress always looked at us like we were from outer space."
This year Page has developed a home ground for Velvary CC, and he hopes to host more games next season. "If you build it, they will come," he says with a glint in his eye.
But to date there are only a handful of cricket grounds and none fit for first-class cricket. The Czech Republic currently has no formal ranking, and last competed in an ICC event in 2011 - in the third division of the European T20 Championship - where they finished fourth out of six.
"After this they reduced the number of teams that were invited to ICC tournaments," says Pearce. "We were below the bar the ICC set when they removed the lower divisions, and as far as we're aware there is no pathway for those who were excluded at that point to be able to return."
Financial aid is sparse, with the entire cricketing infrastructure relying on an annual $10,000 ICC grant, and haphazard local sponsorship. The onus lies entirely on diehard volunteers.
Keeping score at the Vinohrady CC derby © Kriketova Akademie CR
"Last year I decided to quit my job and start a nonprofit, as a sister organisation to Czech Cricket, focused purely on growing cricket among native Czechs," explains Pearce. "It was a really tough struggle initially. When we contacted teachers they'd give the standard response of 'Croquet?' Some have told us that floorball (a sport similar to hockey) is too popular here and we don't stand a chance.
"From those that haven't closed the door immediately, we've had nothing but positive responses - the kids all love the sport, not just because it's something new but as it's a great way to bring some competitiveness into their PE lessons, where everyone gets to take part - not just the big strong kid who pushes everyone away in football!"
****
Viktor Hardy is 15 years old, and he's one of my team-mates for the day. His tall frame, piercing blue eyes and flowing locks suggest two possible futures: one, as a member of a new iteration of One Direction; or two, as a 150kph-bowling European cricket pin-up boy. Without having watched him touch a cricket ball, I fleetingly imagine he might be able to bowl like Mohammad Sami.
"I'm a batsman," says Viktor, much to my disappointment. "I like to model myself on AB de Villiers. He's the perfect cricketer."
A native Czech, Viktor is part of the target market Czech Cricket is trying to attract. He came across the game during the 2015 World Cup, when his father was watching a game on Eurosport. But it is a tough sell. Even for locals who are attracted to the game, such as Jab Bartosik, the love is difficult to sustain. Bartosik works in HR at a multinational in Prague and is also the official secretary of Czech Cricket.
Done in 20: children play a game of Street20 © Kriketova Akademie CR
"I came across cricket at the age of 30, but as I have a young family, there is not much spare time I can dedicate to getting better. Plus, there are not that many opportunities for improvement: we have limited facilities, a long off-season and little coaching."
These challenges are similar to those faced in many other emerging cricket nations. Transient expat and student populations mean that numbers, enthusiasm and talent wax and wane. Sometimes clubs are over-subscribed, but it is rare. Affiliate cricket relies on the generosity of volunteers, whose dedication is often saintly.
"We have to adapt to what the Czechs want - and cricket in the traditional sense just isn't going to cut it," says Pearce.
"Even one-day games are just too damn long. We're pushing T20 cricket and indoor cricket for those interested in competing and backyard cricket as a fun activity. School PE lessons here are just 45 minutes, so we're doing a quick coaching piece followed by a game of Street20 to ensure that everyone gets a go.
"It remains to be seen whether these are going to really take off, or if we'll have to switch again slightly - I guess it's both the beauty and headache of our game. It is so adaptable and flexible in itself and yet there's always the traditionalists trying to keep the status quo."
Warming up for a Central Europe Cup game © Kriketova Akademie CR
The ground in Vinor has two pitches of modified AstroTurf. Unlike many other developed countries, the Czech Republic still has large, green spaces and so space for cricket grounds is less of an issue than elsewhere in Europe. There are, however, the perennial issues of maintenance and funding. The Vinor ground is painstakingly maintained by a British expat, but the job demands more manpower. Volunteers from the various Prague clubs often help mow the grass and prepare the ground, particularly around times of poor weather.
Throughout the day, cyclists pass through the dirt path. On catching a glimpse of >kriket, most usually stop and linger. To the uninitiated passer-by, a group of men all dressed in white in the middle of a farm, with two wearing riot-police levels of protection, must seem like stumbling upon some secret ceremony from The Wicker Man. Some stay for over an hour, resting up by the boundary. They are the only spectators in attendance, bar the odd cricket widow.
****
Viktor was involved in the day's most bizarre passage of play: with five overs to go, we were down to our last wicket. With the carefree arrogance of a young man fed a diet of IPL, Viktor middled a Kohli-esque flick off his first ball to a vacant cow corner. From the sidelines, we cheered and implored him to run hard. Instead Viktor held his pose, and admired his shot.
The ball came to a halt a few yards before the boundary, and Viktor was still admiring his shot. Even Inzamam-ul-Haq in his pomp would have ambled a couple of runs but Viktor stayed put. Perhaps he didn't fully trust our female student's abilities at the non-striker's end. ("This season I'm just trying to average more than Chris Martin," she had said.) Perhaps he wanted to set a total all in boundaries.
Chris Pearce, chairman of Czech Cricket, shows a youngster the ropes © Kriketova Akademie CR
Obviously, Viktor was clean bowled next ball.
I sighed. Viktor looked back at his stumps, inspected the damage, and in a brief burst of anger, flayed his bat at thin air. It was oddly reassuring to witness.
Page's post-game talk included a no-nonsense breakdown of Viktor's two-ball duck, but there were plenty of causes for optimism: excellent ground fielding despite a bumpy outfield, and a disciplined effort with the pink ball. Velvary lost by six wickets but the players were glad to have been part of it.
This is no revolution but part of a vibrant grass-roots movement. For now, ambitions are modest, as Bartosik reflects: "Hopefully my son is going to enjoy a lot more cricket than I've been able to."
If you'd like to get involved in Czech Cricket, visit www.czechcricket.cz
Nishant Joshi is a medical doctor and founder of the Alt Cricket Foundation. @AltCricket
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Brent Sopel raises the Stanley Cup at Chicago's Pride Parade in 2010. View Full Caption Flickr Creative Commons/Rex Babiera
CHICAGO — Many years before lifting the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks, Brent Sopel was being ridiculed by his fellow ninth-grade students.
Standing in front of his classmates at Bishop James Mahoney High School in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Sopel was asked to read a single page from a book during English class.
He couldn't do it.
"Kids were laughing hysterically. It was one of the worst experiences you could have. It wasn't fun at all," said Sopel, who now lives in Hinsdale. "I just remember I was staring at a bunch of words and basically I was scared s-------."
Sopel did not know it at the time, but he had dyslexia and dysgraphia — making B's and D's backwards, and flip-flopping other letters. He wasn't diagnosed until years later, when his young daughter, Lyla, was tested for the same issues.
Sopel said he hid the problems behind his hockey stick during an 18-year professional career as a defenseman that saw him win the Stanley Cup with the 2010 Blackhawks. He rarely wrote emails because that meant reading and typing. With his three children, he almost never read them books, instead making up stories off two characters he created: "Pinky" and "Greeny."
"I had my own children's books in my head," Sopel said.
But now that his playing days are over and Sopel has entered what he described as the "real world," he's tackling his fears of reading head on — by enrolling in an online class at Georgia-based Ashworth College. Sopel last week signed up for the year-long class, which focuses on substance abuse, counseling and training.
Almost 22 years since I've been to school. Starting a new chapter of my life and facing my… https://t.co/RrwspAD9hN — Brent Sopel (@brent_sopel) November 1, 2016
Brent Sopel played for the Blackhawks, winning the Stanley Cup in 2010, and does TV studio work for NHL games. View Full Caption Facebook/Brent Sopel
He said the class represents a major obstacle as, at times, Sopel said he reads at a 20-word-per-minute rate, having to read and re-read pages several times.
"For me, obviously I'm excited that I'm facing it, but in the same breath, I'm scared because it's something I've dealt with my whole life," he said. "I'm not in the position to jump into trying to get a bachelor's degree yet. I'm not comfortable enough. I've got to face this fear little by little."
Sopel, who turns 40 on Jan. 7, also wants to figure out what he wants to do for the rest of his life. Over the summer, he joined credit card processing company MerchantPro Express as its vice president of business development. He also does TV studio work for NBC and 120 Sports.
"I have to find out what I really want to do," Sopel said. "But I love the challenge, and hopefully it will resonate with some other kids or adults, something they can relate to. And hopefully it makes my kids proud knowing I'm doing everything I can to get better."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here.
The Turkish first lady praised the Ottoman-era harem as an educational center that prepared women for life - the latest in a string of controversial remarks by Turkish dignitaries on women's roles.
At a speech delivered during a meeting on the mothers of Ottoman rulers, Emine Erdoğan, wife of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, said that contrary to western perceptions, the harems were 'schools and educational establishments' for women where they organised their charity work.
The comments were made as Turkey forces a deal that could let its 77 million citizens come to continental Europe without needing visas, in return for taking back all migrants landing in Greece.
Mrs Erdoğan's description of harems will add to concerns that the Muslim nation's attitude to human rights and the treatment of refugees will make the deal illegal under international law.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and his wife Emine Erdoğan have both angered campaigners with their controversial remarks in recent days
An EU report published in November said Turkey's commitment to joining the EU was ‘offset' by domestic actions that ‘ran against European standards'.
It highlighted criminal cases against journalists and writers, intimidation of media outlets and changes to Internet law.
Last Friday Turkish police raided the offices of Zaman, a top-selling newspaper critical of the government.
According to Turkish television stations, during the official event on the Ottoman sultans in Ankara, she said: 'The harem was a school for members of the Ottoman dynasty and an educational establishment for preparing women for life'.
The comment sparked a fierce backlash on social media, with many taking to Twitter to express their anger at the remarks.
Twitter user @GaziCaglar wrote: 'Receiving education in harem doesn't make it a school. This is nonsense,' while @anlam75 asked, if the harem was a scholarly institution then 'why were the men who worked there castrated?'
While harems did provide women with an education, teaching them calligraphy, decorative arts, and music, many of them were kept as slaves.
The first lady's comment was the second controversial remark to come from the Erdogans in as many days.
Her comments came just one day after her husband caused outrage in a speech to mark International Women's Day, when he said a woman was 'above all a mother'.
His speech prompted thousands to march through Istanbul in uproar on International Women's Day - which is globally observed on March 8th to highlight the struggles of women across the globe and promote women's rights.
At a speech during a meeting on the mothers of Ottoman rulers, Emine Erdoğan said harems were 'schools and educational establishments' for women and places from where they organised their charity work
Her remarks sparked a backlash on social media, and came just one day after her husband said a woman was 'above all a mother'
Erdoğan has previously upset women's right advocates by saying that men and women are not equal, and labelling birth control a 'treason'.
Turkey ranks 77th out of 138 countries on a United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) index of gender equality.
On Sunday, Turkish police detained at least one woman and fired rubber bullets to disperse a crowd of hundreds of people trying to mark International Women's Day in central Istanbul.
Emine Erdoğan delivering her speech in Ankara, Turkey. While harems were known to provide women with an education, many of them were kept as slaves
The group, which gathered two days before official commemorations, had ignored a ban on the march by the Istanbul governor who scrapped this year's rally, citing security concerns.
The government frequently faces criticism for its handling of women's issues, including the failure to stem high rates of violence and low female participation in the workforce.
Violence committed by domestic partners is 10 times more likely in Turkey than in other European countries, according to the U.N.
Hundreds of women filled the square in the Kadikoy district on the Asian side of Istanbul chanting slogans and carrying purple banners, the hallmark of a movement centred on women's social and economic issues.
Plainclothes police began shoving members of the group, and many women fled the square when riot police fired rubber bullets into the crowd.
'We have always said that we would never leave the streets for the March 8 demonstration, and we never will. Neither the police nor the government can stop us,' protestor Guris Ozen said before the crackdown.
'You see the power of women. We are here despite every obstacle and we will continue to fight for our cause.'
The harem: Left, a 19th century ceramic of musicians and dancers in the Court of Nasir al Din Sah and right, A Harem Scene by Giacomo Mantegazza
Citizenship saga: ACT Assembly could investigate Katy Gallagher Senate appointment
Updated
The citizenship saga rocking federal politics has spilled over into the ACT, with an Opposition push to investigate former chief minister and now senator Katy Gallagher.
The Legislative Assembly voted for Ms Gallagher's elevation to the Senate in 2015 after a vacancy was left by former ALP senator Kate Lundy.
During that process the Chief Minister, Andrew Barr, tabled a statutory declaration from Ms Gallagher, which read:
"I am a person eligible to be chosen as a Senator … in addition … I am not a citizen or subject of a foreign country."
In the past year, as Section 44 of the constitution has gripped Federal Parliament, politicians including Senator Gallagher have come under scrutiny.
She told the Senate in September that she renounced any entitlement to British citizenship "out of an abundance of caution" ahead of the 2016 election, which came after her appointment in the previous parliament.
That decision has led Liberal MLA Vicki Dunne to seek an Assembly committee to investigate whether Senator Gallagher's declaration was incorrect and misleading.
"I am not making any judgement about the citizenship eligibility of someone to sit in the Senate," Mrs Dunne said.
"I am concerned about the processes and procedures that have taken place in this place."
Mrs Dunne, who was speaker at the time, said she does not believe Senator Gallagher intentionally provided incorrect information to the Assembly.
"[But] I am concerned that I may have overseen something that in hindsight may have proved to be wrong and potentially misleading both to the Assembly and … the Governor-General," she said.
ACT Labor slams 'stunt'
The Chief Minister dismissed the move.
"It does reek of a political stunt ahead of a range of other, more important pieces of legislation and issues that need to be considered in this place today," Mr Barr said.
In response to the move, Senator Gallagher pointed to her September Senate speech, noting she "never took any steps to become a British citizen".
"Despite my clear understanding that I was not a British citizen, I followed the advice of the ALP vetting team [to formally renounce]," she said.
A bid to bring the matter up for debate today failed, and it will now be considered on Thursday.
Topics: federal-parliament, government-and-politics, canberra-2600, act
First posted
Allow to cool and then store as is in the refrigerator, sealed under the fat. When you need the confit, you can either warm the whole dish, in which case removing the legs will be easy, or dig them out of the cold fat and scrape off the excess. I highly recommend the former. A nice touch at this point is to twist out the thighbone from the cold confit. Just place one hand on the drumstick, pinioning the leg to the table, and with the other hand, twist out the thighbone, plucking it from the flesh without mangling the thigh meat. Think of someone you hate when you do it.
Ingredients for Cassoulet
5 cups/1100 g Tarbais beans (see Suppliers) or white beans
2 pounds/900 g fresh pork belly
1 onion, cut into 4 pieces
1 pound/450 g pork rind
1 bouquet garni (see Glossary)
salt and pepper
1/4 cup/56 g duck fat
6 pork sausages
3 onions, thinly sliced
1 garlic clove, thinly sliced
4 confit duck legs
Equipment
large bowl large pot
strainer or colander
saute pan
paper towels
blender
large, ovenproof earthenware dish
measuring cup
kitchen spoon
YNAB is quickly becoming one of my favorite games. It is a real-time augmented-reality resource management simulator. Every time you earn money in real life, you get the same amount of resources to manage in the game. You decide which pools you want to allocate them to, based on the things you have to spend your own money on, the things you would like to spend your money on, and ultimately the things you would like to save your money for later. Those pools are depleted throughout the game by various costs to your kingdom that reflect your real life spending and bills.
There is a companion mobile app, allowing you to continue playing the game anywhere you go. Stopped for lunch? Use the mobile app to enter how much you spent for lunch, and see immediate effects to your gameplay. Did you allocate enough resources to your "Dining" pool? If not, you will have to reduce one of your other pools to free up enough resources to cover the difference. You can even check your resource allocation from the mobile app to help decide if you really want to make that purchase, or if it will negatively impact the game too much.
YNAB's playing field is randomly generated on start up, based on your actual debts and account balances, so the game is unique to each player, and no two games are exactly the same. While every game is different, there is a high probability that your kingdom will start out with some degree of debt. Your quest is to reduce that debt as quickly as possible, inch far enough ahead that your incoming resources are being allocated to pools for future months, and restore harmony to the land by setting aside small, manageable portions of each resource-gathering period to cover big dips into resource pools that you know (or sometimes don't know) are coming months from now.
This is a game that could take months or years to play, but it is one of the most rewarding gaming experiences I have ever had. My kingdom started out well over 6,000 units in the red. Figuring out how to split my resources took a week or two to get right, but the beauty of this game design is that you can reassign your resources from pool to pool, so there is flexibility built-in if you find you need to change how you're doing something. After a couple of months (and thanks in large part to a resource gathering period that included my tax refund), that amount has nearly been cut in half. Based on my estimates, I think I will comfortably have my kingdom out of debt within half a year.
Even though it seems like the game would end there, the open world design makes it infinitely playable. Gameplay at that point is generally the same, but your quest changes to raising your kingdom's value as high as you can, while continuing to manage the costs incurred within your kingdom. Having eliminated your kingdom's starting loss, you find yourself with a lot more resources to allocate, and you can start applying those towards some of the various DLC packs, like Dream Vacation, New Car, and Early Retirement.
The graphics are quite nice, well out-classing games like Microsoft Excel 2013: GOTY Edition. Co-op gameplay is possible if you are married or sharing expenses with a significant other. Community support is extensive, with many players offering gameplay strategies, and detailed video and text walkthrus from the developer. This is one game that can literally make your life better.
YNAB is quickly becoming one of my favorite games. It is a real-time augmented-reality resource management simulator. Every time you earn money in real life, you get the same amount of resources to manage in the game. You decide which pools you want to allocate them to, based on the things you have to spend your own money on, the things you would like to spend your money on, and ultimately the things you would like to save your money for later. Those pools are depleted throughout the game by various costs to your kingdom that reflect your real life spending and bills. There is a companion mobile app, allowing you to continue playing the game anywhere you go. Stopped for lunch? Use the mobile app to enter how much you spent for lunch, and see immediate effects to your gameplay. Did you allocate enough resources to your "Dining" pool? If not, you will have to reduce one of your other pools to free up enough resources to cover the difference. You can even check your resource allocation from the mobile app to help decide if you really want to make that purchase, or if it will negatively impact the game too much. YNAB's playing field is randomly generated on start up, based on your actual debts and account balances, so the game is unique to each player, and no two games are exactly the same. While every game is different, there is a high probability that your kingdom will start out with some degree of debt. Your quest is to reduce that debt as quickly as possible, inch far enough ahead that your incoming resources are being allocated to pools for future months, and restore harmony to the land by setting aside small, manageable portions of each resource-gathering period to cover big dips into resource pools that you know (or sometimes don't know) are coming months from now. This is a game that could take months or years to play, but it is one of the most rewarding gaming experiences I have ever had. My kingdom started out well over 6,000 units in the red. Figuring out how to split my resources took a week or two to get right, but the beauty of this game design is that you can reassign your resources from pool to pool, so there is flexibility built-in if you find you need to change how you're doing something. After a couple of months (and thanks in large part to a resource gathering period that included my tax refund), that amount has nearly been cut in half. Based on my estimates, I think I will comfortably have my kingdom out of debt within half a year. Even though it seems like the game would end there, the open world design makes it infinitely playable. Gameplay at that point is generally the same, but your quest changes to raising your kingdom's value as high as you can, while continuing to manage the costs incurred within your kingdom. Having eliminated your kingdom's starting loss, you find yourself with a lot more resources to allocate, and you can start applying those towards some of the various DLC packs, like Dream Vacation, New Car, and Early Retirement. The graphics are quite nice, well out-classing games like Microsoft Excel 2013: GOTY Edition. Co-op gameplay is possible if you are married or sharing expenses with a significant other. Community support is extensive, with many players offering gameplay strategies, and detailed video and text walkthrus from the developer. This is one game that can literally make your life better. Check this box if you received this product for free (?) Do you recommend this software? Yes No Cancel Save Changes
It's easy to forget how horrifying the effects of a vitamin deficiency can be. Each year, up to 500,000 children in the developing world go blind from lack of vitamin A, half of whom will then die within 12 months. The molecule that could save their lives is so well-studied and abundant, yet we haven't figured out how to get it to them.
Could the answer bebacteria that permanently reside in their guts, making a continuous supply of it?
Advertisement
New Scientist reports on an intriguing new study from Loredana Quadro at Rutgers University. Quadro's team took a gene from a bacterium that naturally makes beta-carotene—a molecule that gets metabolized into vitamin A in the body—and put it inside a different strain that naturally colonizes the guts of mice. The genetically engineered strain was allowed to grow inside mice, and within two weeks, beta-carotene was coursing through their blood.
The idea of turning our gut microbiota into a vitamin factory is not so outlandish. In fact, it already happens. The majority of our vitamin K, which is essentially for blood to clot, comes not from food but from gut bacteria. That's why antibiotics can cause a vitamin K deficiency. The vast numbers of bacteria in our guts can also synthesize vitamin B12, folic acid, and thiamine. Instead of capsules of vitamin B12, we could one day pop a probiotic pill that makes care of our vitamin B12 needs forever.
The big question—aside from how pretty basic research in mice will translate to humans—is whether genetically modified gut bacteria will be accepted by the wider community. Vitamin A and genetic engineering is sure to evoke Golden Rice, a beta-carotene-rich variety of rice developed in the late 90s. Despite no evidence that Golden Rice poses any risk to human health, its adoption has been hampered by fears of genetically modified crops. Imagine how much harder it will be to convince someone to put a genetically modified bacterium in their body.
Advertisement
Or maybe not. Genetically engineered bacteria are routinely used in the biomedical industry to make insulin, blood-clotting factors, and hormone that save lives. There's a disconnect between the spook factor of the term "GMO" when it comes to food, and our relatively silent acceptance of it in medicine.
Hacking the microbiome is only becoming a bigger and bigger part of modern medicine. Fecal transplants, as effective as they are, are only its crude, relatively unsophisticated beginning. In the future, it's not hard to imagine infusions of individual bacterial strains targeted toward specific medical conditions. It'll just be a matter of who's willing to take the leap. [New Scientist]
Top image: Umpaporn/shutterstock
Mike Grella could return to training as early as the end of next week. (Noah K. Murray/USA TODAY Sports)
HARRISON, N.J. — A couple of injured Red Bulls are expected to return to training in the coming week.
Midfielder-forward Gonzalo Veron is scheduled to be back at practice at the team's training facility in Hanover, N.J. Monday while midfielder Mike Grella could be working out with the team by the end of the week.
Veron has been sidelined with a hamstring injury he suffered in the second leg of the CONCACAF Champions League quarterfinals March 2.
He recently returned from his native Argentina to have doctors look at his knee.
Grella has been sidelined with a knee injury since March 25, when the MLS club announced he would be out four to five weeks.
“With everything else, we're growing into the season,” coach Jesse Marsch said after the 2-0 win over D.C. United at Red Bull Arena Saturday night. “And now that we know we're going to get healthier in the next week or so, I think it sets us up really to now really start to push and gain momentum within the season.”
A difficult year for progressive members of the Church of Latter-day Saints (LDS) got harder this week. On Jan. 15, two Mormon dissidents, John Dehlin and April Young Bennett, both members of a critical minority that challenges the church's positions on issues like women's ordination or LGBT marriage, announced that they had come under the threat of church discipline.
Bennett, a board member of the feminist Mormon group Ordain Women, announced that her local LDS stake leadership (a stake is a group of smaller church wards) had given her an ultimatum: to resign from Ordain Women and delete her writings on women's ordination or lose her temple recommendation, which allows her to attend temple. As her brother was about to get married in a temple wedding, she resigned.
Dehlin, who founded and hosts the popular podcast series “Mormon Stories,” featuring dissident Mormons and supporters of women's ordination and same-sex marriage, announced that his stake president was calling him to a disciplinary council meeting on Jan. 25 to face excommunication for apostasy.
Both moves followed the excommunication last June of Kate Kelly, a 33-year-old human rights lawyer who founded Ordain Women in 2013 and who was seen as the head of a growing movement of Mormon feminists that includes groups like WAVE (Women Advocating for Voice & Equality) and blogs like Feminist Mormon Housewives.
Within the world of Mormon progressives, this week's news seems like a confirmation of the worst fears they entertained last June: that the church is actively purging its membership of dissenters.
The world of Mormon critics—including progressives, feminists and gay rights advocates, as well as those who publicly voice doubts about Mormon theology, history and financial transparency—is small. Dehlin estimates that there are maybe three to five people sympathetic to dissenters in every congregation. But that they have a public presence at all is notable, he says, given the insularity and conservatism of Mormon culture.
“A lot of Mormons will just internalize it and suffer in silence,” Dehlin says. He attributes high rates of depression, substance abuse and LGBT suicides in Utah to Mormon pressures to conform.
Dehlin began his podcast after his own growing doubts about LDS theology and history—its claims about Joseph Smith's revelations as well as historical facts about polygamy and church history on race—led him to question his faith, and he fell into a deep depression. When he began talking openly to colleagues, he realized he wasn't alone. In time he became a vocal advocate to modernize the church in other ways, giving a TEDx talk supporting same-sex marriage, researching the experiences of LGBT Mormons, and supporting Ordain Women. In 2011, Dehlin, who is also finishing a PhD in psychology, conducted a 3,000-person survey to understand the reasons why Mormons are leaving the church—often, he says, because of intellectual or social justice concerns—and says his website has attracted tens of thousands of followers.
But his visibility also attracted the attention of a Mormon hierarchy concerned with suppressing dissent.
For centuries, says Joanna Brooks, author of The Book of Mormon Girl, Mormon leaders have tightly controlled all messaging about Mormonism. In 1993, the church excommunicated a number of critical intellectuals who became known as the “September Six.” However, the hierarchy's monopoly on church image began to change with the advent of the Internet, as progressive Mormons were able to connect with one another in unprecedented ways.
It led to a “decentralization of perspectives about the church, and far broader public engagement among the laity about difficult aspects of Mormon life,” said Brooks. Many progressive Mormons have “been waiting to see how the church would respond and when.”
Last June, when Kate Kelly and Dehlin were informed in the same week that they were called to disciplinary hearings, the answer seemed to come. Dehlin was told to remove podcasts critical of church teachings and cease his advocacy. Kelly was told she must shut down the Ordain Women website and repent.
Rumors began to fly that a more concerted purge of unorthodox members was underway. Brooks says she was contacted by a number of lay Mormons who were called in by local church leaders to explain things as trivial as Facebook comments supportive of women's ordination or gay rights. Dehlin says he's heard from hundreds of people in the past year who were questioned or disciplined by local leaders about their perceived unorthodoxy.
Eric Hawkins, a spokesperson for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, told the Daily beast that, "We respect the privacy of individuals, and don't publicly discuss the reasons why a member faces Church discipline. Those reasons are provided to a member by their local Church leaders. It's my understanding that in this case the reasons have been clearly spelled out in letters to John Dehlin."
Given that Mormon church discipline happens at the local level, at the discretion of local leadership, many progressive Mormons say that the possible repercussions for dissent amount to a game of “bishop roulette”: those who live in liberal areas like Boston or Oakland might go unpunished for participating in gay pride marches while Mormons in Utah or Idaho are called to account for social media activity.
While there wasn't evidence of a coordinated campaign, said Brooks, there was “a radiating of fear and concern” that local church leaders felt either “obliged or empowered to take action.”
“The culture does tend to view these ideas like a virus,” says Tresa Edmunds, a member of Ordain Women and a writer at Feminist Mormon Housewives. “People stay away for fear of being infected by the ideas.” Edmunds' feminist writing online cost her her church position working with teenage girls and she says one of her friends, who ran a preschool in Utah, was forced to close her business after local Mormons objected to her Facebook comments about gender and church history.
But Kate Kelly's excommunication in June seemed a step too far. “It felt violent,” says Edmunds. “It can't be overstated.” In the face of public scrutiny, the LDS hierarchy seemed to back down slightly, not pursuing official discipline of Dehlin for months. Many progressive Mormons hoped their fears of a broader crackdown had been unfounded.
But the news about Dehlin and April Young Bennett this week shook the community again. Bennett's public statement about her coerced resignation drew so much traffic that it crashed the website where it was published for two days.
To Dehlin, it seems clear that the church sees progressive Mormons as a movement, and it hopes to cut off the movement's head—excommunicating its leadership—so that the movement will die.
He says he isn't optimistic that his likely excommunication will lead the broader Mormon community to rally to his side. The church, in his mind, is still “very much in its adolescence,” and only time will bring it around.
“In 30 years, they may let married gay couples actively participate in church and women will eventually get the priesthood, but it's just going to be after every other single religion does that, including the Catholics,” he said.
Hawkins pointed the Daily Beast to a statement made by the Church's highest leadership council last June that clarifies the definition of apostasy within the church: "Simply asking questions has never constituted apostasy. Apostasy is repeatedly acting in clear, open, and deliberate public opposition to the Church or its faithful leaders, or persisting, after receiving counsel, in teaching false doctrine."
Edmunds, however, says the threat of excommunication backfires in today's Internet age. Attempting to stifle dissent by silencing visible critics, she says, only creates “a hydra.”
“There's still this mindset that [critics] can be corralled and the membership can be ‘uncontaminated' somehow. And I think that's been proven over and over again to not work.” Instead, she's seeing people who had never before considered critics' arguments say that the church's response is making them pay attention.
Indeed, as one follower wrote on Dehlin's website last June, “I don't know if you're a 21st Century Martin Luther or a heretic, but I do listen to your podcasts religiously.”
In her resignation letter, Edmunds noted, Bennett wrote that she had ultimately chosen to resign so she could attend her brother's wedding, concluding that, “while others may take my place as an author or an advocate, no one can replace me in my role as my brother's sister.”
To many Mormon feminists, Edmunds said, that line has felt like a call to action. “We said OK, April said there will be other voices. We have to be those other voices.”
I don't have a tart pan so I wanted to make something free-form. Martha Stewart to the rescue! Her asparagus gruyere tart seemed perfect but I wanted a bit more flavor so I added some lightly carmelized onions.First I cut up four walls walls sweets and put them in a pan.I didn't fully cook them down because I wanted some texture from the onions.As those cooled I prepared the pastry dough by thawing and rolling it out. I then scored a square about 1inch around the edges and poked the center with a fork.As it baked I shredded the gruyere.I baked the crust to a nice golden brown.I layered the onions first.Then added the gruyere.On to I put the asparagus making every other one up and down. Because my baking stone is square I ended up with some room at the bottom and so I put more asparagus across the bottom and basted it with olive oil, salt, and pepper.I baked it all for about 25 minutes and took it out when a fork could pierce the asparagus.It was fantastic. FANTASTIC.- Posted using BlogPress from iPhone
True Blood Recap Roulette: Tara Rises, Crispy Russell And The Authority of Stick Figures
Anyone can just spell out what happened on last night's episode of True Blood. In fact, you can't swing a dead changeling without hitting someone's recaps.
So every week this season, Queerty contributor Jason Sweeten is going to give us a different spin on the previous night's episode: it might be a screenshot slideshow, a sock-puppet re-enactment, or even some Kabuki theater. (If we can just get the budget approved). He might not always succeed, but at least it won't be boring.
This week: stick figures!
Tara is now a crazed, non-speaking vampire. She attacks Sookie until Pam choke-holds her.
The packmaster subplot continues, but I've stopped paying attention because Alcide is wearing clothes.
Once inside Sookie's house, vampire Tara does nothing but topple large appliances.
Steve Newlin preaches about the fabulousness of vampires.
Flashback: When Pam met Eric, they both had fancy hats.
The Vampire Authority likes to pump liquid silver into Bill, Eric and Nora. I can't un-cringe from this scene.
Steve offers $20,000 to Jessica in exchange for Jason and his fang-chipping hotness. It goes over swimmingly.
Before Tara flees, she tells Sookie and Lafayette “I will never forgive either of you.” She then gets sprayed with silver. Oops?
Chris Meloni performs some ritual that goes on for days.
He's upset that Bill and Eric let Russell live. Staking nearly happens.
Hey, look—we found Russell! …he looks terrible.
Jason Sweeten might quit writing to pursue a career in stick-figure re-enactments.
The fallout from Volkswagen AG's emissions scandal spread Tuesday, with shares plunging another 20 per cent as the automaker said as many as 11 million cars could be affected and it would set aside $9.6 billion to cover related costs.
[np_storybar title=”‘Furious' Volkswagen owners demand payback as emissions-cheating scandal explodes” link=”https://business.financialpost.com/news/transportation/volkswagen-owners-want-payback-over-pollution-control-cheating”%5D
The German carmaker's stock is tanking again today as angry owners say they feel defrauded by environmental claims that the company now admits were false.
[/np_storybar]
But as regulators around the world vowed to act, Environment Canada was vague about how it would respond to revelations the company cheated on emissions tests, fuelling criticism that Canada is toothless when it comes to punishing automakers' indiscretions.
Later Tuesday the government agency did say it has opened an investigation into the matter.
“Upon becoming aware of this issue, Environment Canada acted quickly to examine potential implications for Canada and is in communications with its U.S. EPA counterparts and representatives of Volkswagen Group Canada Inc.,” it said in a release.
“After careful assessment of the known facts, Environment Canada has opened an investigation into this matter. An investigation involves gathering, from a variety of sources, evidence and information relevant to a suspected violation.”
Volkswagen's shares have lost more than one-third of their value in the past two days after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of installing so-called “defeat devices” that turned on pollution-control systems only when a car was undergoing emissions tests. When the controls were turned off, vehicles released as much as 40 times more pollution than is allowed under U.S. and Canadian law.
South Korea's environment ministry said Tuesday that it will conduct its own probe into Volkswagen's emissions, while the U.K. called on the European Commission to investigate the automaker and Germany demanded “complete transparency” from its home-grown company. Meanwhile, Bloomberg News reported that the U.S. Justice Department is launching a criminal investigation into the matter and German newspaper Tagesspiegel reported that CEO Martin Winterkorn will be dismissed.
In Canada, automakers that violate emissions regulations can be fined up to $6 million for each offence, or even more if a court determines that a benefit was obtained as result of the offence, according to Environment Canada.
“Defeat devices are prohibited under Canadian regulations. If violations to Canadian regulations are found, enforcement action will be taken,” Environment Canada spokesman Mark Johnson said in an emailed statement.
“As this process is ongoing it would be inappropriate to comment further,” he added.
Canada doesn't have nearly as much power to act against delinquent automakers as its southern neighbour, particularly when it comes to recalls.
The EPA has ordered Volkswagen to recall roughly 482,000 diesel-powered vehicles sold in the U.S. since 2009, but no recall has yet been issued in Canada, according to company spokesman Thomas Tetzlaff.
About 100,000 Volkswagen and Audi diesel cars were sold in Canada between 2009 and 2015.
However, Volkswagen Canada has voluntarily issued a stop-sale notice to its dealers for vehicles equipped with diesel engines, which account for about a quarter of its Canadian sales. This is in line with similar actions in the U.S.
“We're kind of like the Tonka toy, the little red wagon following the U.S. bulldozer,” said Phil Edmonston, founder of the Automobile Protection Association and author of the Lemon-Aid guides to new and used vehicles.
Unlike the U.S., Ottawa doesn't have the ability to force automakers to recall vehicles, meaning that any recall has to be voluntary. This can result in a company prioritizing U.S. repairs over Canada, Edmonston said.
“They would much rather avoid a major fine or other sanctions than divide their resources,” he said.
“They say, ‘If we don't fulfill this (U.S. recall) we're going to get into trouble, so let's fulfill it first and Canada, well, we can just hold them off until later.'”
In June, the Conservative government introduced legislation that would have allowed the transport minister to issue recalls and require manufacturers to fix defective or non-compliant vehicles. However, that died on the order paper when the federal election was called in early August.
“I believe this should be an election issue and whoever the party leader is should promise that day one they're going to make sure Canada has the power to protect its people from defective products and products that imperil their health,” Edmonston said.
Canadian dealership group AutoCanada Inc. could also take a hit from the scandal, according to analysts at AltaCorp Capital.
AutoCanada has seven Volkswagen-linked dealerships in Canada — about 14 per cent of its total network — with another one set to open in 2016. Its shares fell 1.3 per cent Tuesday to close at $27.15.
“We believe Volkswagen's role in this scandal is likely to lead to a near-term collapse in dealership sales, a drop in the OEM's vehicle prices as well as substantial long-term brand damage, which could substantially impact its dealer network, including (AutoCanada),” AltaCorp analyst Chris Murray wrote in a research note.
kowram@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/KristineOwram
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
In his August 29 article, Ilan Bloch posits that not every young adult “needs to, or should be” an activist for Israel, and that hasbara (public diplomacy) training should not be “an integral part of an Israel program,” nor should students be educated in a manner that lends itself to positive conclusions about Israel.
I beg to differ. Hasbara training is an imperative for the Jewish community. Israel and the Jewish people face enormous challenges today, among them existential physical threats, lies about Israel, and anti-Semitism.
What Jewish students need most today is a basic education that conveys the legitimacy and morality of Israel. That is not just good hasbara; it is an educational principle to teach one the basics before exploring the “nuances.” A sound hasbara strategy aims to interest people enough so that they want to become more educated.Furthermore, Jewish educators have an obligation to teach young adults to take responsibility for the fate of the Jewish people, and the well-being of the global community.At a time when the Jewish community is seeking ways to maintain Jewish identity, we should recognize the profound opportunity for Jewish engagement and leadership-building that combating anti- Israel sentiment provides.IF WE believe that the partisans were correct in fighting the Nazis, then we must understand why it is crucial to motivate young adults to advocate against a nuclear Iran today. If we believe that the Jewish people have a right to sovereignty and security in their ancestral homeland, we must teach students to protest the fact that Israel still lacks acceptance as a Jewish state among her Arab neighbors.If one understands the significance of the challenges Israel faces today, one must acknowledge the formula that has helped the Jewish people survive for so long. The Jewish values of achrayut (responsibility), achdut (unity) and tikkun olam (repairing the world) are not merely abstract concepts to be taught in a classroom, but must be applied today. Can we expect all Jewish students to become mobilized for Israel? No matter what the answer, we have a duty to motivate them.Bloch shows little familiarity with the methodology or content of most hasbara organizations, which consist of both substantial education and practical training.Bloch claims that hasbara training is not “independent, analytical and critical.” Perhaps he is unfamiliar with the varied goals, messages and strategies of the 30-plus organizations in the Israel on Campus Coalition. Israel advocates often disagree on the details of Israeli policy, but still come together on the major issues.And who says you can not facilitate analysis and criticism, while also encouraging students to reach the right conclusions? Yes, Jewish wisdom teaches us to be thoughtful, but Jewish teaching also offers answers.Bloch believes that on-campus checkpoints are a “legitimate form of political activity, even if they are not nuanced.” But Bloch's premise is wrong. The battle for Israel's image is not one between nuanced and “simplistic” narratives. It is a battle between truth and lies. Israel is being libeled on campuses with allegations of apartheid, genocide, colonialism and excessive force. That is why we must first educate students on the basic truths. Those who want to learn more can then explore the “nuances.”IN 2000, I was an undergraduate student at the University of Florida. One day on campus, I was greeted by an elaborate barbed wire display adorned with pictures of Israeli soldiers and Palestinian children. The organizers of the display were inviting people to have numbers written on the inside of their forearms in black marker. When the passersby would inquire about the meaning of these numbers, the organizers replied, “because in the West Bank, Israeli soldiers are tattooing numbers on Palestinian children.”Witnessing this display was a transformative moment in my life. I was certain this was a horrific lie. However, I had no facts or strategies to deal with this situation, let alone to prevent similar events from happening.I felt an unprecedented desire to defend Israel, and to become a leader for the Jewish people.Since my own training and subsequent student activism, I have met thousands of university students who have had similar experiences. (Bloch is “unconvinced” that this is a common occurrence, but an estimated 150 campuses are host to anti-Israel events each year, just in the US.) Upon being educated and trained in hasbara, many students become passionate Jewish leaders. Pro-Israel activism does not – as Bloch claims – “diminish the importance of other campus-centered, Jewish-related activity.” On the contrary, Israel activism motivates many to become leaders in other areas of Jewish life as well.Hasbara is both an advocacy tool and a deeply powerful opportunity for young Jewish adults. For some students, Israel is a cornerstone of Jewish identity, and they become activated once they learn they can make a difference. If we don't offer a basic hasbara education to as many young adults as possible, how will they even know there are opportunities and mechanisms to become more committed activists? And for the many Jews who do not consider Israel to be a fundamental part of their identity, or may even feel antagonistic toward Israel from what they have heard in the media or the classroom, we have a duty to reach out to them as well. Once we educate those students, they can become the strongest advocates.I recently made aliya, and I am looking forward to the “nuanced” perspective that comes with being Israeli. And I believe that those who seek complex discussions about Israel should have appropriate forums. But not at the expense of combating the existential threats faced by Israel and the Jewish people.If we allow that, we miss an imperative – and an opportunity.The writer is the director of education of the Hasbara Fellowships, a project of Aish International which educates, trains and inspires students to stand up for Israel on campus.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Offseason questions. They're inevitable for any team, in any sport. It's no different for the Washington Wizards, as questions about the game plan from last year and roster moves are being discussed.
Although the questions are plentiful and often overwhelming, it does't seem like enough are surrounding one key role player that really showed up big time late in the season. This player is 13-year veteran Drew Gooden.
He's often been scrutinized for his inconsistency, especially within this past year. Despite this, I truly feel like he's a great part of the team, and came through in big ways during the playoffs. Many Wiz fans cringe when the thought of him coming back is brought up, and absolutely don't want anything to do with Gooden.
There are, however, plenty of reasons to sign him again for at least this upcoming season.
Imagine being an astronomer in a world where the telescope was banned. This effectively happened in the 1600s when, for over 100 years, the Catholic Church prohibited access to knowledge of the heavens in a vain attempt to stop scientists proving that the earth was not the center of the universe. ‘Surely similar censorship could never happen today,' I hear you say—but it does in relation to the use of drugs to study the brain. Scientists and doctors are banned from studying many hundreds of drugs because of outdated United Nations charters dating back to the 1960s and 1970s. Some of the banned drugs include cannabis, psychedelics and MDMA (now widely known as ecstasy).
The most remarkable example is that of the psychedelic LSD, a drug accidentally discovered by the Swiss chemist Albert Hofmann while he was working for the pharmaceutical company Sandoz to find new treatments for migraine. Once the ability of LSD to alter brain function became apparent, Hofmann and others realized it had enormous potential as a tool to explore and treat the brain. The immediate effects of LSD to alter brain states offered unique insight into states such as consciousness and psychosis; the long-lasting changes in self-awareness it brought on were seen as potentially useful for conditions such as addiction. Pharmaceutical company Sandoz saw LSD as so important that they chose to make it widely available to researchers in the 1950s. Researchers conducted over 1,000 studies at that time, most of which yielded significant results. However, once young Americans started using the drug recreationally—partly in protest against the Vietnam War—it was banned, both there and all over the world. Since then, research into the science behind the drug and its effects on the brain has come to a halt. Yet, we have begun to rectify the situation using the shorter-acting psychedelic psilocybin (also known as magic mushrooms). In just a couple of experiments, scientists have discovered remarkable and unexpected effects on the brain, leading them to start a clinical trial in depression. Other therapeutic targets for psychedelics are cluster headaches, OCD and addiction.
The drug affected most by this research censorship is cannabis. People have used cannabis as a medicine for 4,000 years; the cannabis plant contains about 100 active ingredients, many of which are likely to be useful medicines. Yet, because UN convention banned research on the drug in 1962, almost none are studied. Even in the U.S. in states that have made medicinal cannabis available it remains illegal to research this drug! To do research on cannabis, scientists need a special license from the Drug Enforcement Agency. But the license costs so much and takes so long to acquire that virtually no American researchers have one! In the U.K., I work with heroin all the time—I can do this because it is a medicine. Yet researchers need a special license to work with cannabis or psilocybin, which are much less dangerous!
This case of research censorship is the worst since the banning of the telescope. The laws, which do not discriminate between research and recreational drug use—are a relic of another age. Scientists still need a license to work with quantities (typically milligrams) that would have no brain effects at all if taken recreationally. These laws serve no safety value; scientists are very unlikely to sell their research, and why would they when users can get anything they want from the street dealers or the Internet? The licenses and bureaucracy surrounding them can increase the costs of research tenfold, further limiting what is done. It is time for scientists and doctors change the rules so research and clinical treatments can flourish.
by Jessica Dang rss | t | f | g+
For many aspiring minimalists, the golden grail is One Bag Living, or what I like to call ‘OBL'. It's a lifestyle that comes from being able to reduce everything you have to only what you need and reaping all the rewards of not being weighed down by junky, excessive baggage.
If you're interested in what it's all about you've come to the right place.
what is OBL?
Firstly, I should mention that one bag living isn't for everyone, just in case people start to think I'm advocating everybody and their grandmothers start throwing stuffed backpacks on their shoulders and hitting the road.
Nor am I saying it's a permanent way to live – although I know it is possible to live long-term. Yes, the kind of OBL I'm talking about works best for single people but that's not to say that downsizing for a couple or even just a little for a family isn't possible.
For the last couple of months I've been living out of a suitcase… but I'm having the time of my life. I realize there's something about the words ‘living out of a suitcase' that scares people. It has bad connotations, as if one has no stability or adequate income or that someone is just unable to settle. But for me, these words have come to mean something completely different. They have come to mean freedom, fun, exploration and discovery.
‘One bag' doesn't necessarily mean a concrete measurement like ‘1x 30 inch suitcase' or ‘1x carry on suitcase'. Essentially, it means reducing your stuff down to a level that's right for you, which all depends on what you do for a living, how much you can handle, where you want to go and what you need for your interests or job and so on – as long as you get everything down to only. what. you. need.
It's also not necessarily about fishing rolled up shirts from a zip-up suitcase or hotel-skipping, although it can be.
You can even do OBL from your own home. The point is to clear out anything irrelevant so that you can focus on what matters to you – whether that's travel or family, school, hobby, art or even your business.
However, if you manage to reduce your things to about one (or maybe even two or three) suitcases, you can also just about live anywhere in the world. You don't have to earn millions to be able to rent a small place in even the most expensive cities (believe me, I know). Or, if you're not interested in travelling, clearing clutter can do wonders for your focus on your goals.
With OBL, the possibilities are endless. In fact, with all this freedom, you'll be surprised to learn what was previously impossible is actually within reach. Things that ‘only happen in movies' can become real life.
a clean slate
Imagine for a moment that you got to start again. For some reason you got a rare chance for a fresh start. You don't own any clothes, shoes, bags, gadgets, books, toiletries or furniture.
Then somebody gave you one suitcase and you could put everything you needed in it for two or three weeks. How would you pack? What would you choose? How would your life be different?
5 steps on how to effectively live out of a suitcase
1. Eliminate. The first, most important step is to get rid of everything you don't need. Things that you've kept ‘just in case', extras, backups, things that don't work or fit, things you don't use or have forgotten about or simply don't like – it's all got to go. Most people have more things they don't need than they do, so a sensible approach that might make it easier would be to mentally get rid of everything then bring back one by one thing that are most essential to you. Be strict and firm and ask questions such as how often you actually use it and what reasons you're really keeping it for.
2. Digitize. Whilst eliminating, you might find that a lot of the things you have can be replaced, so you won't have to lose them forever. Paperwork, photos, CD's and books are just a few of the many things you can keep if you can get them in digital format. My less-than-half-an-inch thick kindle has replaced dozens and dozens of my books (and made them instantly searchable!) and my external hard drive replaces boxes of lecture notes, shelves of CD's and albums of photographs.
3. Minimalize your wardrobe. Clothing is usually the most difficult area to tackle when it comes to downsizing. When you have fewer garments, it's important that most items can be worn in most kinds of weather and occasions. It also helps to choose neutral colours (which you can brighten up with one or two accessories) so that you can pretty much mix and match whatever tops and trousers you would like to wear.
4. One in one out. Just because you're down to less stuff, it doesn't mean that you have to stop buying altogether. There's nothing wrong with getting something new if you swap it with something you already own (preferably by donating it away) since you're not actually gaining in quantity. Think carefully before you buy – how long will it last? How useful will it be? Is it worth it?
5. Adapt. If you find yourself starting to accumulate stuff, try to remind yourself why you chose OBL in the first place. What are you doing it for? Has it benefited you so far? Sometimes people are too strict and allow themselves too little. Remember that minimalism isn't about depriving yourself of things that you want, it's about freeing yourself from the clutches of consumerism so that you can have the life you want.
Lastly, it's important to remember that situations and people change, and that not many people can live a single kind of lifestyle forever, whether it's OBL or living at home with one's parents or a college, or corporate, or even country lifestyle. People crave excitement, and OBL can give it to you, but don't be surprised if you see yourself looking for a change again – maybe a change of wardrobe or maybe a change of scenery.
…
I'm nearly finishing up with with my travels now, and I can't believe some of the places I've been and things I've seen. I know I've made memories I'll remember for a long, long time. It wasn't always easy, but because of OBL, I managed to get through some rough times on the road and have the adventure of a lifetime. I wouldn't trade that for all the possessions in the world.
Related Posts
The beauty queens with the highest number of votes in the competition held in Las Vegas will receive a guaranteed spot in the Top 12.
Anyone who wants to vote for Mareeya, a 25-year-old half-Thai, half-Swedish model, can cast their ballot by visiting vote.missuniverse.com. You will need to log in using Facebook, Twitter or email authentication, and follow the voting instructions. There is a limit of 10 votes per account per day via this method during the voting period.
A second voting approach is via Twitter by submitting a tweet or a retweet with #MissUniverse and a contestant-specific hashtag announced on the website. For Mareeya, the tweet could be something like: “I support Mareeya to be Miss Universe 2017 #MissUniverse #Thailand.”
Miss Universe 2017's Facebook page said that only the votes that complied with the instructions and rules, and were within the proper voting period, would be counted.
Tweets must not contain subject matter that is sexually explicit, obscene, pornographic, violent, discriminatory, illegal, offensive, threatening, profane or harassing.
Mareeya wore a specially designed Thai outfit under the theme “Making of the Chasing of Light” at the national costume competition on Saturday at the Planet Hollywood Mezzanine in Las Vegas. The costume, designed by Prapakas Angsusingha, won applause from both Thais and foreigners at the event.
The inspiration for the costume came from a Thai native tale about the origins of lightning and thunder from a story in the epic poem, Ramayana. According to the story, Mekhala, the goddess of lightning who had a magic crystal, accidentally met the Giant Ramasoon, or god of thunder. She refused to give him the magic crystal and he became angry.
Mekhala wanted to tease him by soaring into the air, tempting him to follow her. During the chase, the crystal shone and caused lightning. When the giant threw his diamond hammer at her, it caused thunder.
There are two figures incorporated in the costume. Mekhala is a puppet, while Mareeya is Ramasoon in the costume. The costume is in a modern Thai style.
You will be able to watch a broadcast of the official national costume contest on facebook.com/MissUniverse/ and on YouTube next Sunday, November 26 at 9am, Thailand time.
This Bates Motel review contains spoilers.
“I understand that there's no one here that I can trust.”
I still can't get over how smart a decision it was for the show to embrace the story trajectory where Norman thinks Norma is the crazy one. It is doing wonders for this show, and the wringer that it's putting Norman through is just consistently entertaining to watch. What aids this material even more is thinking about what's going on in the scenes that we're not seeing. Thinking about Norman having visions of his mother as a murderer the entire night until an orderly marks the morning is a thoroughly disturbing idea, and yet it's the world that Norman lives in now.
This episode is all about his delusion -- whether it's about his mother, the length of his stay at Pineview, or how crafty he thinks he is -- which only manages to highlight just how troubled Norman is. I just love the idea of him actually calling Dylan to warn him about Norma (and what a phone call that must be for Dylan) because he's so out of sorts at this point.
Norma and Romero's fake marriage actually seems to be turning into something legitimate, with this still maybe being the least interesting aspect of the season for me. Until Norman comes back home, it feels like this material is merely biding its time. It is still providing the episodes with their weekly dose of what the fuck though, like in moments where Romero and Norma share awkward silences until he blurts out, “I think we need a joint checking account,” or them discussing what a hot toddy is.
Some nice parallels are drawn between the unusual pairings of Norma and Romero, and Emma and Dylan, which is the first that I've really thought about them echoing one another. To me, they've felt a little more about pained individuals who are just reaching out to anyone and sometimes you'll be surprised who embraces you. Highlighting the similarities between them though doesn't hurt.
The episode also hints at a larger story of Romero getting blackmailed by Rebecca, which mostly feels like a big time suck. The fact that it's at least connecting to the Bob Paris murder gives it some encouraging relevance though. It's just a little convenient that the only person suspicious of him happens to be his ex before Norma. We'll see where all of this ends up going, but poor Norma's been hurt enough without her fake/real marriage exploding in her face.
We also learn that Emma is going to be moving to Cincinnati in order to be closer to a better respiratory center, a move that also has her thinking about college. Dylan's then put in the position as to whether he wants to come with her. Of course for these two invincible love angels, he's going to say yes. I'm happy to see this happening because I'm legitimately pleased that these two have chiseled out a piece of sanity amongst all of this crazy. That being said, this early announcement of departure is only going to go one of two ways. Either Dylan's getting away just in time, and surviving the inevitable Norman bloodshed, or their happily ever after is going to tragically get cut short as Norman ends up intervening. With the series heading into its final chapter, all bets are off.
Norman spends a lot of time bitching at orderlies and mocking Pineview's procedure and protocol, which is a lot more satisfying than it should be. Watching Norman's feathers get consistently ruffled with him seeming like he's about to explode at every instant is a delight to watch. It's also behavior that has him hanging out a lot more with Julian. I'm not crazy about Julian, but he feels like the sort of character that we're not supposed to be 100% into. I kind of wish that it was still plausible that he was just a figment of Norman's broken mind.
A crazy escape heist is the last sort of thing that they should be getting into, but with Norman convinced that he's the only sane one in there, how dare these plebs try to keep him caged up? I'm a little surprised at how easy it is for them to actually get out of there, with Norman's detainment at Pineview seeming like it's over just as it's really getting interesting and the pressure's being applied.
Once on the outside, it's fascinating to see Norman's situation with Julian gets progressively irksome. He starts to realize that he doesn't know Julian at all, and this is still an individual that's been institutionalized for four years. The whole venture turns into a twisted nightmare road trip and it's not long until Julian and Norman are ass deep in lap dances at a strip club. Yes. Norman Bates, in a strip club.
I've praised Highmore's performance a lot this season, but seeing him channel Perkins' gulpy affectations when sexually intimidated at the club is just spot on. Every episode he brings something new to the role. This strip club set piece also gives the episode an excuse to put Mind Norma/Vera Farmiga in the club and making out with women. It all gets dangerously close to Norman getting to roleplay as his mother while he has sex with a stripper, which is almost too twisted of a concept to comprehend.
As the episode ends, Norman (and Norma, to an extent) finds himself back in his respective cage. The pathos brought forth in the final scene is really heartbreaking. Norman wants to be healthy so badly, and Dr. Edwards seems to genuinely care about him. It's all the more painful since we know that there's not a happy ending awaiting them at the end of this. Julian might want someone to come searching for him every time that he gets loose, but once Norman's gone it might be too late.
The Nave of Peterborough Cathedral, looking East
Background to the Reformation
The Reformation was a time of huge political and religious upheaval in 16th Century England.
It began from the first movement of King Henry VIII to annul his marriage to Katharine of Aragon in 1527, and gathered momentum as Henry appealed to the Pope to grant a divorce.
Named ‘The King's Great Matter', There were a few reasons as to why Henry wanted to divorce Katharine.
Firstly in 18 years of marriage she had sadly been unable to give him a son, and secondly after 1526 he had fallen madly in love with Anne Boleyn, the daughter of Thomas Boleyn, one of Henry's most prolific diplomats.
He stated that their marriage was never legitimate due to the fact that she had been married to his brother Arthur and that the union was disproved by God – sighting Leviticus:
Leviticus 18:16
“Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy brother's wife: it is thy brother's nakedness.”
Leviticus 20:21
“If a man shall take his brother's wife, it is an unclean thing…they shall be childless.”
Henry argued that the dispensation given to him to marry Katharine in 1509 was invalid as the Pope did not have authority, where in which Thomas More, and others who disagreed with the divorce believed he did.
In 1531, Henry banished Katharine from court and by 1532 Henry had realised that the divorce wouldn't be forthcoming from Rome.
There were many external influences that affected this, including the fact that the Pope was in the control of the Holy Roman Emperor, Charles V who was Katharine of Argon's nephew.
During 1532 – 1534 parliament passed The Act of Supremacy which broke the English church from Rome and declared Henry the Supreme Head of Earth of the Church of England.
He married Anne Boleyn in 1533, and between 1536 and 1541 Henry, with the support of his adviser Thomas Cromwell began to close down the monasteries and absorb their wealth into the Crown.
Reformation and Peterborough Abbey
Peterborough Abbey had seen worship on the same site since 655 AD when a monastery was founded during the reign of the Mercian Kind Paeda by a monk named Saxulf.
The current Cathedral church was consecrated in 1238, and flourished until the Reformation in the 1530's.
On the 27th of July, 1534, the Abbot John Chambers and 40 monks signed Henry's Act of Supremacy.
In 1535, the monastery was valued at achieving an annual income of £1,679 15s 8 8¾d, approximately £540k in today's money.
We know that the Abbot at the time of the Reformation, Abbot Chambers tried to negotiate with the Crown
to keep the monastery open by offering the King a years rent, but the monastery was eventually surrended to the Crown's agents on the 29th of November, 1539.
On the day after the monastery was surrended, an inventory of the treasure and riches of the church was written up, and in December 1539, it was noted that 70 oz. of gold and 5,081 oz. of silver as taken from Peterborough.
Henry VIII separated the revenue of the Abbey three ways, one third to himself, one to a newly appointed Bishop, and the remaining third to the Dean and Chapter.
By September, 1541, the new see of Peterborough was created, and consisted of a Bishop, Dean and 6 prebendaries. The Abbey Church was changed into the Cathedral you see today, and the Abbot's residence became the Bishop's Palace
The first Bishop of this new cathedral was John Chambers, the last Abbot.
It paid to to go along with the Reformation, rather fight against it if you wanted to retain your position…. and your Abbey church. Not many of the Abbey's of England were as lucky.
Next Post – Tudor Connections at Peterborough Cathedral – Mary, Queen of Scots
If you would like to view more photo's from my visits to Peterborough, please visit my flickr
References
Advertisements
If it isn't on Google , it doesn't exist. -Jimmy Wales
Google I/O is Google's annual developer conference held in California. This is the same platform where Android was showcased for the first time back in 2008. I/O stands for Input/Output but here it stands for “Innovation in the Open”. This year Google showcased an army of brilliant products and updates. “Machine Learning” was the Google Lingo of the event. Here's a list of the important ones:
1. Google Lens
The most impressive announcement made by Google was the Google Lens , an App which uses the combination of Optical Code Reading , Augmented Reality and Machine Learning to identify objects using the mobile camera and provide information about them. Google did acquire Quest Visual Inc. on May 2014 , the company that developed Word Lens and AR translation software.
Some of the examples of Google Lens shown by Sundar Pichai were :
Source : Google
Pointing at Restaurant front will show you the restaurant's rating and information.
One can aim at a flower and know its species. Would like to try that on a dog?
The best one was saved for the last , pointing the Lens at WI-FI login credentials to log into a network automatically. Wow!!
2. Google Assistant
Source : Google
Google Assistant on the other hand moves to the next level. It will be integrated with the newly developed Google Lens tech. Wondering how that helps? Well, you can ask Google Assistant almost anything now. For instance, if you point the camera at a bands poster you can pull that particular bands information, music and even concert tickets.
Google is also adding transactions and payments to its assistant. Now you will be able to order and pay for literally anything using an assistant. They did show an example of ordering food. It's going to make lazy people even lazier.
Also, one can get visual responses by Assistant on Television. You can also use voice commands to play your favorite shows available on different channels like CBS, HBO etc. Siri has the same feature on Apple TV.
Source : Google
Assistant is not only limited to that, you can ask the name of any song just by saying “play that song that goes like...” and sing an excerpt of the lyrics.
That's not it, Google Assistant will also be available on iPhone soon. Weird isn't it? Siri and Google Assistant on the same phone? Is this hinting to an Android and iOS hybrid platform soon? . Google is also letting out the assistants SDK for other Apps to make better use of it.
3. Google Home
Source : Google
Google Home has a few cool features now:
One of them being, hands-free calling using the Assistant to Landlines and Mobiles across US and Canada for free.
The one that caught my attention was “Proactive Notifications” , the Assistant on Google Home can now give you reminders, traffic alerts, flight schedules etc. In the demo shown by Rishi Chandra in iO17 the Google Home device was telling him about the traffic conditions of the route he usually follows as well as when he needs to leave to reach the desired destination on time. I think Google home might get confused in India due to extreme traffic conditions.
Another feature is the ability to make your home smarter , they have partnered with around 70+ smart home brands like Honeywell, Logitech etc. supporting the Assistant feature on Google Home.
Google home is now getting a Bluetooth feature as well, one can now play music using any Android or iOS device.
4. Google Photos
Google claims that they have nearly 500 million monthly users as well as nearly 1.2 billion photo and video uploads daily. Huge numbers I must say.
They are enhancing Google Photos which will soon give you sharing suggestions using machine learning (the buzzword again) based on who is in the photos. All the sharing activities will be available in the sharing tab which is yet to roll out.
Two more cool features were: Shared Library and Photo Books. With shared libraries one can automate the type of photos he or she wants to share with other people. Not only that , one can either give rights to view the complete library or some particular photos in a library. These photos can also be used to make collages, movies and other creations using Google Photos.
Photo Books on the other hand is a photo organizing tool, which automatically organizes the photos based on the people, places or the things that matter. Not only that, it also removes duplicates and keeps only high quality images. This reduces the efforts for making a holiday or a wedding album. Photo books are currently available in the U.S. on web, and on Android and iOS starting at $9.99 for a 20 page softcover book and $19.99 for a hardcover book.
Checkout this video snippet from the event.
Source : Kon Startup
5. Android O
As most of us already know , Android ‘O' is the next Android OS and it has some kickass improvements. People are speculating that ‘O' stands for ‘Oreo' .The only thing that bothers me is that, these features were already in the market either in some app or some Android based OS (MiUi , Oxygen OS etc.) .
Android O claims to improve the ‘Vitals' , like phone security and battery life. Battery life is a pain point for most of the smartphones but Google is adding several optimizations for developers to help prevent batteries from draining. Their main aim is to create an OS which can help a phone last a complete day.
This doesn't end here, they have made certain improvements to the UI as well. To make multitasking easier, they have added the picture on picture feature. For instance , you can plan for a movie while on video call.
Another feature is the Smart text selection feature which uses machine learning to identify entities like address. One can easily select it using double tap and then perform other operations.
6. Standalone VR
Source : Google
Daydream is a VR device which is the easiest to use as well as comfortable. Daydream will soon launch a standalone VR device which will be independent of PCs and Mobile phones. They want to create device which will be like plug and play.
These standalone devices will have a new technology called the World Sense technology which will track the users' position in space without the help of any external sensors. HTC Vive and Lenovo are planning to launch Daydream Standalone VR devices this year.
These devices will use Tango as a part of their core tech to understand real life position, this will also enable a user to place a digital object in real life. Tango is also a part of the Visual Positioning Service, which will help easily determine the device its indoor location.
An instance quoted on Google's blog is that the VPS tech coupled with audio interfaces could help visually impaired people navigate through the world easily. That's brilliant!!
Conclusion:
All in all the latest products and updates by Google make a strong statement about their vision: ‘Innovation coupled with Simplicity'. Can't wait for next year.
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless.
Regardless of who wins the presidential election, we already know now how most of the electoral map will be colored, which will be close to the way it has been colored for decades. Broadly speaking, the Southern and Western desert and mountain states will vote for the candidate who endorses an aggressive military, a role for religion in public life, laissez-faire economic policies, private ownership of guns and relaxed conditions for using them, less regulation and taxation, and a valorization of the traditional family. Northeastern and most coastal states will vote for the candidate who is more closely aligned with international cooperation and engagement, secularism and science, gun control, individual freedom in culture and sexuality, and a greater role for the government in protecting the environment and ensuring economic equality.
America's political map may have its roots in the way each region's settlers tamed social anarchy.
But why do ideology and geography cluster so predictably? Why, if you know a person's position on gay marriage, can you predict that he or she will want to increase the military budget and decrease the tax rate, and is more likely to hail from Wyoming or Georgia than from Minnesota or Vermont? To be sure, some of these affinities may spring from coalitions of convenience. Economic libertarians and Christian evangelicals, united by their common enemy, are strange bedfellows in today's Republican party, just as the two Georges — the archconservative Wallace and the uberliberal McGovern — found themselves in the same Democratic Party in 1972.
But there may also be coherent mindsets beneath the diverse opinions that hang together in right-wing and left-wing belief systems. Political philosophers have long known that the ideologies are rooted in different conceptions of human nature — a conflict of visions so fundamental as to align opinions on dozens of issues that would seem to have nothing in common.
Conservative thinkers like the economist Thomas Sowell and the Times columnist David Brooks have noted that the political right has a Tragic Vision of human nature, in which people are permanently limited in morality, knowledge and reason. Human beings are perennially tempted by aggression, which can be prevented only by the deterrence of a strong military, of citizens resolved to defend themselves and of the prospect of harsh criminal punishment. No central planner is wise or knowledgeable enough to manage an entire economy, which is better left to the invisible hand of the market, in which intelligence is distributed across a network of hundreds of millions of individuals implicitly transmitting information about scarcity and abundance through the prices they negotiate. Humanity is always in danger of backsliding into barbarism, so we should respect customs in sexuality, religion and public propriety, even if no one can articulate their rationale, because they are time-tested workarounds for our innate shortcomings. The left, in contrast, has a Utopian Vision, which emphasizes the malleability of human nature, puts customs under the microscope, articulates rational plans for a better society and seeks to implement them through public institutions.
Photo
Cognitive scientists have recently enriched this theory with details of how the right-left divide is implemented in people's cognitive and moral intuitions. The linguist George Lakoff suggests that the political right conceives of society as a family ruled by a strict father, whereas the left thinks of it as a family guided by a nurturant parent. The metaphors may be corollaries of the tragic and utopian visions, since different parenting practices are called for depending on whether you think of children as noble savages or as nasty, brutish and short. The psychologist Jonathan Haidt notes that rightists and leftists invest their moral intuitions in different sets of concerns: conservatives place a premium on deference to authority, conformity to norms and the purity and sanctity of the body; liberals restrict theirs to fairness, the provision of care and the avoidance of harm. Once again, the difference may flow from the clashing conceptions of human nature. If individuals are inherently flawed, their behavior must be restrained by custom, authority and sacred values. If they are capable of wisdom and reason, they can determine for themselves what is fair, harmful or hurtful.
But while these theories help explain why the seemingly diverse convictions within the right-wing and left-wing mind-sets hang together, they don't explain why they are tied to geography. The historian David Hackett Fischer traces the divide back to the British settlers of colonial America. The North was largely settled by English farmers, the inland South by Scots-Irish herders. Anthropologists have long noted that societies that herd livestock in rugged terrain tend to develop a “culture of honor.” Since their wealth has feet and can be stolen in an eye blink, they are forced to deter rustlers by cultivating a hair-trigger for violent retaliation against any trespass or insult that probes their resolve. Farmers can afford to be less belligerent because it is harder to steal their land out from under them, particularly in territories within the reach of law enforcement. As the settlers moved westward, they took their respective cultures with them. The psychologist Richard Nisbett has shown that Southerners today continue to manifest a culture of honor which legitimizes violent retaliation. It can be seen in their laws (like capital punishment and a stand-your-ground right to self-defense), in their customs (like paddling children in schools and volunteering for military service), even in their physiological reactions to trivial insults.
Admittedly, it's hard to believe that today's Southerners and Westerners carry a cultural memory of sheepherding ancestors. But it may not be the herding profession itself that nurtures a culture of honor so much as living in anarchy. All societies must deal with the dilemma famously pointed out by Hobbes: in the absence of government, people are tempted to attack one another out of greed, fear and vengeance. European societies, over the centuries, solved this problem as their kings imposed law and order on a medieval patchwork of fiefs ravaged by feuding knights. The happy result was a thirty-fivefold reduction in their homicide rate from the Middle Ages to the present. Once the monarchs pacified the people, the people then had to rein in the monarchs, who had been keeping the peace with arbitrary edicts and gruesome public torture-executions. Beginning in the Age of Reason and the Enlightenment, governments were forced to implement democratic procedures, humanitarian reforms and the protection of human rights.
Photo
When the first American settlers fanned out from the coasts and other settled areas, they found themselves in anarchy all over again. The historian David Courtwright has shown that there is considerable truth to the cinematic clichés of the Wild West and the mountainous South of Davy Crocket, Daniel Boone and the Hatfields and McCoys. The nearest sheriff might be 90 miles away, and a man had to defend himself with firearms and a reputation for toughness. In the all-male enclaves of cattle and mining towns, young men besotted with honor and alcohol constantly challenged one another's mettle and responded to these challenges, pushing rates of violence through the roof.
Related More From The Stone Read previous contributions to this series.
Another cliché of the cowboy movies also had an element of historical truth. As more women moved west, they worked to end the lifestyle of brawling, boozing and whoring they found there, joining forces with the officials in charge of the rowdy settlements. They found a natural ally in the church, with its co-ed membership, norms of temperance and Sunday morning discipline. By the time the government consolidated its control over the West (and recall that the “closing of the frontier,” marking the end of American anarchy, took place just more than a century ago), the norms of self-defense through masculine honor, and the restraint of ruffianism by women and church, had taken root.
But then why, once stable government did arrive, did it not lay claim to the monopoly on violence that is the very definition of government? The historian Pieter Spierenburg has suggested that “democracy came too soon to America,” namely, before the government had disarmed its citizens. Since American governance was more or less democratic from the start, the people could choose not to cede to it the safeguarding of their personal safety but to keep it as their prerogative. The unhappy result of this vigilante justice is that American homicide rates are far higher than those of Europe, and those of the South higher than those of the North.
If this history is right, the American political divide may have arisen not so much from different conceptions of human nature as from differences in how best to tame it. The North and coasts are extensions of Europe and continued the government-driven civilizing process that had been gathering momentum since the Middle Ages. The South and West preserved the culture of honor that emerged in the anarchic territories of the growing country, tempered by their own civilizing forces of churches, families and temperance.
Officer who pepper sprayed UC Davis students awarded $38,000
By Eric London
28 October 2013
Former University of California, Davis police officer John Pike—responsible for attacking peaceful student demonstrators with pepper spray during an anti-tuition hike protest in 2011—has been awarded over $38,000 in workers' compensation for the “mental distress” he claims to have suffered in the aftermath of his criminal act of violence.
Campus police officer John Pike uses pepper spray on protesting UC Davis students November 18, 2011
On November 18, 2011, administration officials led by Chancellor Linda Katehi ordered police to remove tents and tarps set up by student protesters from campus. Student protesters were faced with a phalanx of roughly 60 police officers in riot gear who marched towards the students and demanded that they leave the area. When students cited their First Amendment right to free speech, the police moved in an attempt to make arrests. Many students were handled roughly by the police, some thrown to the ground and others hit with police clubs.
Pike then approached a row of twenty students sitting with arms linked on the ground and doused them with pepper spray from close range. The brazen act of police brutality was defended by university officials. Only the week before, University of California, Berkeley chancellor Robert Birgeneau had categorized the act of peacefully linking arms as “not non-violent civil disobedience.”
The day after the incident occurred, nearly 10,000 students gathered in opposition to the police raid. That evening, students broke up a press conference being held by the administration and Chancellor Katehi to spin the events of the day before.
In response to overwhelming popular anger against the administration and the police department, Pike was placed on paid leave. He eventually left the campus police force in July 2012.
On October 16, 2013, the California Division of Workers' Compensation Appeals Board granted Pike's application for workers' compensation, claiming that a reward of $38,055 “resolves all claims of psychiatric injury specific or due to continuous trauma from applicant's employment at UC Davis.”
Pike had complained to the board that he was traumatized by the popular hostility against his acts of police brutality.
UC Davis issued a statement of its own, writing that “this case has been resolved in accordance with state law and processes on workers' compensation. The final resolution is in line with permanent impairment as calculated by the state's disability evaluation unit.”
The decision amounts to a cash payment by the State of California for a job well done. The government's handout to police officers who have committed assault and battery against peaceful demonstrators is a green light to carry out similar attacks against future demonstrators. In the aftermath of decades of attacks on higher education, the state government and school administrators have every reason to expect further protests.
The demonstrations in 2011 occurred in the midst of efforts by the University of California to raise tuition by 9.6 percent for students at the system's 10 campuses statewide. The California State University system was also attempting to raise tuition by the same amount.
In the decade from 2002 to 2012, tuition had increased by roughly 300 percent at UC and CSU. In 2011, the average UC student graduated with over $17,000 in debt, while the average CSU student left school with $14,744 in debt.
Tuition hikes were paired with drastic cuts to University funding by the Democratic Party-dominated state government. Between 2008 and 2012, funding for UC fell by $900 million, or 27 percent.
The protests of 2011 developed in response to the devastation of the public university system but petered out in the wake of the “pepper spray incident” as the middle class leaders of the protest movement, who were closely aligned with the “Occupy Wall Street” movement, sought to oppose calls made by the Socialist Equality Party for a turn to the working class. Several protest leaders responded with hostility to a resolution issued in response to the police attack by the International Youth and Students for Social Equality and passed by members of the UC Davis general assembly.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Who's up for the latest batch of bad Obamacare-related news?
(1) Consumers brace for the second full year of Obamacare implementation, as the average individual market premium hike clocks in at eight percent -- with some rates spiking by as much as 30 percent.
(2) "Wide swings in prices," with some experiencing "double digit increases."(Remember what we were promised):
Insurance executives and managers of the online marketplaces are already girding for the coming open enrollment period, saying they fear it could be even more difficult than the last. One challenge facing consumers will be wide swings in prices. Some insurers are seeking double-digit price increases…
The top executive for H&R Block, the nation's largest tax preparer, on Wednesday said he expected President Obama's health care law to add “significant complexity” to next year's tax season...“As expected, the forms are very detailed and can present significant complexity, depending on a filer's coverage status during the year, income level, and household composition,” Cobb said. “Depending on their situation, there are instances where filers may need to file multiple new tax forms and complete additional worksheets.” Starting with next year's tax season, individuals who do not have health insurance that meets federal requirements will be subject to penalties. But there are various categories of individuals who could be exempted. “Depending on the type of exemption, the process to claim it could be quite cumbersome and time consuming,” Cobb said.
A nightmarish tax season, via Philip Klein Rural hospitals closing down
Small, rural hospitals like Linden have always struggled to remain viable, but things are getting worse, fast. Rural communities are shrinking at a time when healthcare providers are being pressured to cut costs and release patients sooner. Twenty-four rural hospitals have closed across the country since the start of 2013, double the pace of the previous 20 months, according to the North Carolina Rural Health Research Program….Now the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare, is bringing additional pressure. Obamacare is designed to fold the poor and uninsured into the healthcare system, but changes in how the federal government pays for the disadvantaged are already pressuring the hospitals that cater to them, such as rural ones.
(5) Thanks, taxpayers. Please enjoy the unironic use of "unlikely:"
With an $8 billion tax on insurers due Sept. 30 — the first time the new tax is being collected — the industry is getting help from an unlikely source: taxpayers. States and the federal government will spend at least $700 million this year to pay the tax for their Medicaid health plans. The three dozen states that use Medicaid managed care plans will give those insurers more money to cover the new expense. Many of those states – such as Florida, Louisiana and Tennessee – did not expand Medicaid as the law allows, and in the process turned down billions in new federal dollars. Other insurers are getting some help paying the tax as well. Private insurers are passing the tax onto policyholders in the form of higher premiums. Medicare health plans are getting the tax covered by the federal government via higher reimbursement.
One of Obamacare's chief architects is proudly predicting that 80 percent of employer-based healthcare plans will disappear within the next decade. Administration officials offered similar projections in private, even as Democrats repeatedly promised that Americans could keep their existing coverage, with which the vast majority were satisfied:
(7) The federal health spending "cost curve" continues to point up, not down (as promised), as health spending increases, via the government's own actuaries:
The combined effects of the Affordable Care Act's coverage expansions, faster economic growth, and population aging are expected to fuel health spending growth this year and thereafter (5.6 percent in 2014 and 6.0 percent per year for 2015–23)...Because health spending is projected to grow 1.1 percentage points faster than the average economic growth during 2013–23, the health share of the gross domestic product is expected to rise from 17.2 percent in 2012 to 19.3 percent in 2023.
Hampering the economy
Last month, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York published two surveys of regional employers—one focused on manufacturing businesses, one on service companies—and asked them how Obamacare was affecting their businesses. For 2015, 33.3 percent of service firms said Obamacare was increasing their costs “a lot,” whereas 51.2 percent of manufacturing firms said the same. While almost no firms said they would be dropping health coverage for their workers, 16.9 percent of service firms and 21.6 percent of manufacturers said they would be reducing their workforce due to Obamacare. 21.8 and 20.5 percent, respectively, said they would be reducing wage and salary compensation. 25 and 36.4 percent, respectively, said they would be raising prices for their customers.
Avik Roy spells out the three primary ways in which the "Affordable" Care Act acts as a wet blanket on the US job market: (a) Obamacare is one of the largest tax increases in U.S. history; (b) Obamacare increases the cost of employing workers; (c) Obamacare's exchange subsidies encourage many workers to drop out. Click through for details. In fact, the nonpartisan CBO released new numbers this week that underscore our halting economic progress:
Crooked Hillary Tweets prove she was Tipped off about Trump Wiretap
Trump was right, again. Democrats tried to rig the election, and then blame it on the Russians.
Worse yet, the Obama administration likely coordinated with Crooked Hillary with a fake investigation. You can bet that heads will roll soon.
Timeline
Obama's first FISA request for a wiretap of Trump came right after Attorney General Loretta Lynch met with Bill Clinton on the tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport in June 2016.
At the same time, the Obama administration also filed a request with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) to monitor not only Donald Trump, but several of his advisers. Why would Obama need to monitor a presidential candidate unless his goal was to bring that candidate down.
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to The Black Sphere updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: SCOTUS Justice Send Warning to FAKE NEWS Journalists
Then, as we reported earlier, Obama submitted a new, narrower request to the FISA court. This request focused on a Trump Tower computer server that Democrats “suspected” of links to Russian banks.
This netted no evidence, but the wiretaps continued, ostensibly for national security reasons, The National Review noted.
Obama's second FISA request was submitted in October 2016. And here's where things get good.
On October 31, Crooked Hillary sent out a tweet stating:
“Computer scientists have uncovered a covert server linking the Trump organization to a Russian-based server.”
How could she know about unless Obama's former Secretary of State and heir apparent was tipped off to Obama's wiretapping prior to the election?
After Obama's successful second FISA request, we get the infamous “serendipitous” meeting on the tarmac. Lynch met with Bill Clinton, who then passed on the information to his wife so she could win the election.
With all the new information surfacing, it's hard to believe that Trump won the election. He truly had the deck stack against him like no other candidate in history.
Pokémon GO has quickly become a cultural phenomenon in the United States, Australia and New Zealand, the free-to-play augmented reality app's runaway success leading to heartwarming stories flooding social media.
An unexpected and somewhat unwilling participant in the fascination surrounding the smash hit app is the controversial and obnoxious Westboro Baptist Church, known for preaching hatred at anyone that doesn't want to listen.
While the app has been available for little under a week, players have noticed that the church is listed as a Gym, and, after a player claimed it, is now defended by a Clefairy called ‘LoveIsLove.'
The news wasn't met well by the church, who have since “recruited Jigglypuff to deal with the sodomite.” Whether their battle is taking place in-game or is a social media stunt is unclear, but their choice of Pokémon won't be particularly super effective…
“We recruited Jigglypuff to deal with the sodomite loveislove Clefairy for us,” the church wrote on social media. “Fag Pokémon are a sign of the end: every *imagination* of their hearts are only evil continually. EVERYTHING, real or virtual, enables proud sin in America. That's a sign of DOOM!”
@stephmsolis We recruited Jigglypuff to deal with the sodomite loveislove Clefairy for us: https://t.co/HyQvNAx90A — Westboro Baptist (@WBCSaysRepent) July 11, 2016
In the 1990s, it was cool to have a pager. When the beep sounded in your bag or on your belt, it delivered one message to you and another to those nearby: that you were so rich or important that people needed to contact you all the time. Now we're all rich and important, thanks to mobile phones, but a few of us still use pagers. On Tuesday, it was announced that Vodafone, one of the last two paging providers, had agreed to sell its business to Capita, the other one. Subject to the regulators' approval, this means about 1,000 customers will be switching over, after which there will be one provider left to rule all of Britain's pager users.
But who are these people exactly? Put simply, they are anyone who needs the one remaining technical advantage that pagers have: slightly more reliability. Where mobile phone networks can be patchy, or slow, or overloaded, the separate paging network offers a modest improvement in reception and reach, especially in rural areas. Compared with modern smartphones, pager batteries also last much longer.
Thus some infrastructure companies, such as EDF Energy, use pagers to alert their staff when there is problem nearby. Some new pagers also contain GPS trackers, and allow users to reply, which is invaluable for lifeboat crews. Paging services, such as Rare Bird Alert or Bird Information, have also been popular with birdwatchers for many years, delivering information about new sightings as soon as they're recorded, even to birders in the field.
Most pager users, however, are medics or emergency responders like Liam Lehane, who is assistant director of operations in resilience for the London Ambulance Service. “They're really good for pushing messages out,” he says. “It's a system that the NHS uses quite widely.” In fact, the LAS deploys a belt-and-braces-and-another-belt approach by sending texts and emails along with its pager messages. Staff can then reply with their phones or their radio if necessary. Ambulance pagers also deliver messages in three levels, summarised by Lehane as green (“for information”), amber (“I might need to do something”) and red (“I need to deal with it”). “I'm on call currently,” he says, “and it's gone off about half a dozen times this morning already, with various things that are going on around London.”
Perhaps the main advantage of pagers is not technical at all, but about how they influence behaviour. “When people get a pager message, because it's not a normal phone call or SMS message, they tend to take notice of it,” Lehane says. This does not merely grab people's attention, it also saves them embarrassment. While someone might assume you were being rude if you started reading your phone, Lehane explains, they are much more understanding if they see you check your pager. “It just changes people's attitude and perception,” he says. Though they might think you're an obsessive birdwatcher, of course.
Ubisoft
Ubisoft's Assassin's Creed offerings for mobile have, to date, focused on different gameplay styles in the Assassin's Creed universe: Memories, a collectible card game; and Pirates, focused on real-time/turn-based hybrid maritime battles.
These are now joined by a third title, soft-launched in Australia and New Zealand and coming to the rest of the globe in 2015: Identity, the first in the franchise on mobile to feature action-RPG gameplay.
"Assassin's Creed Identity is the first Assassin's Creed action RPG game for iPad and iPhone that lets you create, develop and customise your own Assassins and play as them in one of the greatest classic Assassin's Creed eras: the Italian Renaissance," reads the first sentence in the app's description.
After the brouhaha with a lack of female player characters in Assassin's Creed: Unity, we had hoped this meant more diversity, but it would appear that this is not the case. Unlike Unity, where your characters in multiplayer are all the same character dressed in different clothing, Identity offers you five different face options -- all of which are male, one of which has slightly darker skin if you peer closely.
The game itself is an attempt to offer the franchise's signature stealth gameplay in a mobile experience, and the results are dubious. Although the graphics look spectacular, they may be stymied somewhat by a control system that places a floating camera control in the bottom right of the screen, a floating D-Pad with strange sensitivity settings everywhere else, and buttons also in the bottom right that allow you to deploy abilities.
Ubisoft
Once inside the game, you can choose from different character classes with different strengths to complete missions: a Berserker, with the ability to stun, bleed and inflict damage on multiple enemies; Shadowblade, with throwing knives, armour piercing and smoke bombs; Trickster, with confusion abilities, disguises and delayed bombs; and the currently locked Thief, with blinding, pickpocket and enemy-hindering abilities. You can create two assassins, which can then be customised with gear and skill points; and you can also call on other players to assist in missions.
The gameplay takes place in the format of missions, rather than the open-world adventuring from the console games. This is to fit in with the mobile format so that you can play short sessions without having to compromise the experience. These missions are randomly generated so that the gameplay doesn't grow stale, earning you money to buy equipment, items to craft into gear, and codices which can be found scattered about the levels that tell you more about the era and places in which the game takes place.
Identity does not replicate the console experience, but it does offer a decent piece of the franchise for fans on the mobile platform. It's free to download with optional in-app purchases, so it's worth a download and a try (although you should be warned that the initial launch will take some time, and we advise playing over Wi-Fi).
As for the lack of variety in the player characters, we have contacted Ubisoft to find out if the developer intends to remedy this in a later update to the game and will update when we have more information.
Robert Swift has made headlines throughout the years for many reasons, although very few of them were because of his basketball talent. Drafted straight out of high school by the Seattle Supersonics, Swift has had a very tough go of it in life.
We'll do a deep dive into his story, but for now, please read this amazing feature from Sports Illustrated's Chris Ballard.
Very long story short, after battling homelessness, inner demons, and severe drug problems, the once lottery pick Swift is trying to make a comeback. He is with the Santa Cruz Warriors, and he is ON COURT right now.
We had a reporter (DubyDubDubs) at the Santa Cruz Warriors' open scrimmage/practice/tryouts, and he captured this rare footage of Swift shooting free throws. We must make clear: Swift is NOT on the team. He purely made an appearance at a scrimmage during an open tryout for the D League at Golden State's Oakland practice facility.
From the Sports Illustrated article:
“Robert Swift? I think about him all the time” says Bob Myers, Swift's former agent and now the GM of the Warriors. Like most everyone I talk to, Myers wants to know how Swift is doing. Not in basketball but in life.
We loved seeing the talented big man back on a basketball court. We'll be updating this story as it develops.
UPDATE from DubyDubDubs: This is the d league draft invite tryouts…the d league rules are complicated! It's changed this year so they are no longer calling this a "tryout" but instead the team can submit up to 8 players to be eligible in the d league draft (so ANY team could pick them in the upcoming draft)
Right before 2014 came to a close, Wall Street won an enormous victory in the year-end spending bill. The so-called “CRomnibus” bill, which included language written by Citigroup lobbyists, gutted a key piece of Wall Street reform meant to prevent future bailouts of big banks with taxpayer money.
This win came after the financial industry spent years chipping away at the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which passed in 2010. Wall Street lobbyists gained little victories along the way, but never stopped asking for more. By making bold and ongoing asks, Wall Street was able to win, even when lawmakers sought a compromise.
There's another group of Americans, however, with a different agenda for the future of banking—people who are also pushing hard for policy change. They're advocates of public banking, and they want to see new banks created that would be owned and operated by the government, usually at the state or city level. (This would greatly increase the amount of investment capital available for small business development, local infrastructure, and affordable public transportation, none of which are much favored by private banks seeking a high return on investment.)
Gwendolyn Hallsmith is one of those advocates. She's currently the executive director of the Public Banking Institute, but she worked previously as a public servant in Montpelier, Vermont, where she resides with her husband and son, and ran for mayor in 2014. Hallsmith also spent some time in divinity school, and you can hear it in her voice—which is soft but strong and deliberately paced.
“Perhaps the only thing more dangerous than giving a politician the microphone is giving a former pastor the microphone,” Hallsmith joked at a recent forum on public banking.
To Hallsmith, the main advantage of a public bank is lower-cost financing, which can enable the state to pay for things like building affordable housing, repairing infrastructure, and expanding educational opportunities. And each of these projects creates jobs. Public banks “allow cities, counties, and states to finance important public priorities without needing to rely on Wall Street and pay the hidden interest tax that Wall Street imposes on all our money,” Hallsmith said.
The quest to achieve public banking at the state and local level has been a long slog. Until quite recently, you had to go back almost 100 years to find the last major victory: the founding of the bank of North Dakota, the only state-run public bank in the United States, which was established in 1919.
But interest has been picking up around the country. Santa Fe, New Mexico, voted in October to conduct a study on the feasibility of a city-run public bank. And in December, the Seattle City Council's finance committee hosted experts in public banking to explore the topic.
But nowhere have the steps toward public banking been more successful than in the state of Vermont. There, Hallsmith and other advocates won a small victory against Wall Street through an effort so relentless and strategic that it would have made any banking lobbyist proud. They combined savvy organizing with data-driven reports and policy briefs to prove the benefits of a public bank—like avoiding fat interest payments to Wall Street banks—for the state's economy.
And because the original bill put forward by Vermont state Senator Anthony Pollina and others included multiple demands—create a public bank, direct 10 percent of the state's reserves to initially fund it, and establish an advisory committee on how best to invest locally—advocates won a decent compromise in the end.
They may not have gotten the state bank they wanted, but they were able to pass new rules that make the Vermont state treasury's cash balances available for low-cost loans to local projects.
$10 Million Additional Dollars for Local Investment
The step Vermont took is called “10 Percent for Vermont.” Under this law, passed in June, up to 10 percent of the state treasury's cash balance—which as of November was about $350 million—can be used for lending and investment within the state. The law also created a Local Investment Advisory Committee to advise the treasurer on “funding priorities” and “mechanisms to increase local investment.”
Pollina was one of the main champions of the law. Pollina has been a state senator since 2010, but has a long career in politics; in 2000, he ran for governor as a member of the Vermont Progressive Party against Howard Dean.
“It's just logical that you'd want to invest it in your own cities,” he said, describing the program as an “economic development tool.”
The final version of the 10 Percent for Vermont program did not create a public bank. But it helped to accomplish some of the same goals, like providing low-cost financing for state projects that might otherwise not be able to secure affordable or long-term funding.
It's not new for Vermont to enable its treasurer to lend locally—the state has had several similar programs in place since 2012. But typically, according to Hallsmith, the state would “borrow the money from Wall Street to do it.” Now, state officials can use the money from the state treasury's deposits to do this kind of lending directly.
In 2014, the treasurer's office made several local investments that counted toward the “10 Percent” total, but were authorized under previous laws. One example is the Vermont Clean Energy Loan Fund, which allocated $6.5 million in loans to encourage energy efficiency in residential home projects in the state, such as in Shelburne and Rutland counties. Another is a $2.8 million loan to Vermont's Housing Finance Agency to support 111 units of multifamily affordable housing. A third is a loan fund approved in June that allocated $8 million for improved energy efficiency in state government buildings, with the goal of reducing their energy use by at least 5 percent (the state currently spends $14 million a year on energy bills).
All told, in 2014, Vermont's treasury lent out $24.5 million to local projects. Even though this money was authorized by prior legislation, it still counts toward the 10 percent of the state's cash balance—that is, $35 million—that the treasury may lend to the community. That means there is still approximately $10 million in additional funds available for local investment—money that the treasurer would not have been able to lend were it not for the 10 percent program.
The Long Fight for a Public Bank in Vermont
Public bank advocates, state Treasurer Beth Pearce, and the Vermont Bankers Association (VBA) all agree that 10 Percent for Vermont is off to a good start. Christopher D'Elia of the VBA said the program has “worked very well under the treasurer's leadership” and that he believes “the taxpayers will receive a very nice rate of return.”
But the road to get there began with the more dramatic goal of a true public bank in Vermont.
The effort picked up steam in January 2012, when the Vermont House introduced legislation to conduct a study on creating a state bank, with 67 legislators co-sponsoring the bill. That February, the think tank Demos released a policy brief outlining the potential benefits. They pointed out that the for-profit TD Bank is a juggernaut in the state, holding over $2.3 billion of Vermont's $10.9 billion total, in 2011. And yet, in 2010 the bank only made $416,800 in Small Business Association 7(a) loans (which are loans provided to small businesses that meet certain requirements), a 90 percent decline from the volume of similar loans it made in 2008.
Momentum kept building: In May 2013, the League of Women Voters of Vermont voted to conduct a study on the feasibility of a public bank. That December, a coalition of organizers, business, and individuals called Vermonters for a New Economy published a report again laying out the case for a public bank in the state. The report argued that a state bank could create more than 2,500 new jobs and add $192 million to Vermont's Gross State Product (which is the economic output of a state. You can think of it as the state version of GDP). And because the state no longer would have to borrow money from private banks to finance important projects, the report found a public bank could save the state $100 million in interest payments over 20 years.
All three studies showed significant benefits, and state legislators were starting to listen. Last January , six Vermont state senators (Anthony Pollina, Claire Ayer, Eldred French, Dick McCormack, Jeanette K. White, and David Zuckerman—all Democrats except for Pollina and Zuckerman, who are members of the Vermont Progressive Party) proposed a stand-alone bill to implement the 10 Percent for Vermont program within the Vermont Economic Development Authority (VEDA), which would be granted a banking license and thus become the second state bank in the United States. In addition, an advisory committee would be created to “to enlist the help of private enterprise and encourage the use and growth of the program.”
The idea didn't sit well with the treasurer's office or the Vermont Bankers Association. Both argued that a public bank might hurt the state's bond rating. Advocates countered that North Dakota's public bank hadn't damaged its rating, which was almost as high as Vermont's—AA- versus AA+.
The VBA remained hopeful that the state legislature would not follow through with its plan to create a state bank—noting in a January 2014 report that the Vermont Congress showed “willingness to consider other options.” But Vermonters for a New Economy continued to build pressure through a campaign of “Town Hall” discussions. In March, 19 Vermont towns voted on resolutions urging the creation of a state bank, with 15 towns ultimately approving it. The votes were not legally binding, but they demonstrated broad support because each town needed to generate petition signatures for at least 5 percent of its legal voters to even hold the votes.
At the end of March, Pollina abandoned the stand-alone version of the public bank bill and instead inserted a modified version as an amendment into a large, must-pass economic development bill (seven other senators offered the amendment along with Pollina).
Now, instead of VEDA implementing the 10 Percent program and getting a banking license, the treasurer's office would oversee the program and chair the Advisory Committee. This amendment didn't completely abandon the idea of a public bank: It mandated that the Advisory Committee give a report in January that include a recommendation on whether to eventually turn VEDA into a public bank.
But the VBA opposed even that. And after Pollina's amendment, it announced that it planned to fight in the Vermont House to get the public bank recommendation removed from the overall economic development bill.
The Vermont Bankers Association was successful in that. But the 10 Percent program survived, albeit in an amended form.
Can Other States Learn From Vermont's Fight?
Approximately $10 million is left to be invested from the 10 Percent program, and there are many options. Presentations to the Local Investment Advisory Committee have provided plenty of ideas for how to invest that money.
In November, the committee met to discuss potential investments in infrastructure, like water supply projects or bridges. (During the meeting, Karen Horn of the Vermont League of Cities and Towns pointed out that one-third of the state's bridges are structurally deficient). And in December, committee members discussed possible transportation investments. This month, the treasurer's office reports on its progress with the 10 Percent program, makes a preliminary recommendation on how to loan the rest of the money, and will take proposals through March 1.
The 10 Percent program was also given a built-in sunset, so the program will either end or be renewed in July. The loans already made won't go anywhere—the $2.8 million in loans for new affordable housing, for example, is good through 2024. But, once all the loan money is paid back, the treasurer's office won't be able to loan the additional $10 million locally if the program isn't renewed.
“The sunset shows again how difficult this struggle is and how strong the opposition can be,” Pollina said. “We are fighting the banking interests every step of the way.”
But the odds for renewal seem good. Even d'Elia of the Vermont Bankers Association said that his group supports a continuation of the 10 Percent program. “We would be supportive of the program continuing in the sense that, as the money comes back in, it gets lent out again,” d'Elia said.
But when asked if he would support an increase in the program, d'Elia expressed familiar concerns about cash flow and the state's bond rating. And the Bankers Association remains firmly against a state bank: “We see no reason to create a state bank in Vermont,” d'Elia said.
Perhaps the VBA is right to be nervous about a possible expansion of the program. After all, by reducing a state's need to borrow from Wall Street, public banks threaten private banks' profits. But thus far, it's advocates who may have paid a steeper price than private banks: Hallsmith alleges that she was fired from her job as a public servant because she advocated for a public bank in her private time. She has an open case with the Vermont State Supreme Court.
But Hallsmith remains positive about the public bank movement and its momentum: “Once we realize the power of credit creation—using money we are now sending to Wall Street—I don't think there will be any stopping it,” she said.
Could other cities and states stand to benefit from emulating what Vermonters have done? Pollina thinks so, noting that similar programs “could help states and cities dig out of the Grand Recession.”
That's exactly the kind of idea that thinkers like Mike Krauss of the Public Banking Institute are hoping to spread across the country.
Public banking is “a way to enable prosperity at the local level,” he said.
Vermont's continued work on expanding local lending is a small step toward such prosperity. And if advocates can continue to combine their demands for a public bank with increases in local lending, they can ensure a small win for their city or state, even when the effort ends in a compromise. Those advocating for public banks in the rest of the country would do well to learn from the fight waged in Vermont.
The trade deadline was widely anticipated to be a relatively underwhelming affair, given the perceived lack of high-profile players in play.
For the most part, the last day on which playoff-bound teams could bolster their rosters for the spring tournament played out that way, with most of the players who changed addresses being of the spare part/depth variety.
However, history shows that some of the subtle deals made at the deadline are the ones that end up being key components of an eventual Stanley Cup run. The Chicago Blackhawks' picking up Michal Handzus in 2013 comes to mind.
From my perspective, the Detroit Red Wings are the team that made the subtle March moves that could have the biggest June payoff, proof positive of why Detroit continues to defy the downward pull of NHL competitive gravity under general manager Ken Holland.
By landing 36-year-old forward Erik Cole from the Dallas Stars, Holland brings in a veteran player with Stanley Cup final experience who is not only looking for another shot at a championship, but for another contract this summer. Despite his age, Cole can still skate -- he has been one of the Stars' most consistent forwards this season -- and he attacks the net in a way that will complement one of the better teams in the League at directing pucks to that area.
Additionally, plucking defenseman Marek Zidlicky from the New Jersey Devils gives the Wings a veteran blueliner who can still handle 20 minutes a night and is only three seasons removed from the Devils' own run to the Cup final in 2012.
While these moves lack the pizzazz of some of the marquee trades made on deadline day, they have the potential to have the biggest impact in both the Wings' top offensive and defensive groups.
With the Eastern Conference playoff race looking like a wide-open affair, Detroit added a legitimate top-nine power winger who can score and a serviceable top-four defenseman. Adding pop in these two areas at this time of year is usually a fairly expensive proposition, yet Detroit managed to do so at the cost of just two draft picks and two B-level prospects.
While it is true that the conditional future return to the Devils -- currently a 2016 third-round pick -- goes up if the Red Wings make it to the Stanley Cup final, that is a price increase that Detroit is praying it will have to pay.
Moves like this, in which Holland improves his team now without significantly impacting his ability to get better in the future, are one of the main reasons Detroit has been an annual participant in the NHL postseason tournament for longer than Wings standout forward Tomas Tatar has been on planet Earth.
He influenced vocalists from Ray Charles and Marvin Gaye to Prince, Nancy Wilson and Frank Sinatra. Madonna called him ‘the only singer who makes me cry'. The legendary songwriting hitmaker Doc Pomus described his powers to ‘touch you in your deepest parts and even find spots that you never know you had'. But the unique contralto-voiced singer "Little" Jimmy Scott, who died at 88 on Thursday, was one of jazz and R&B's best-kept secrets for years.
Everybody's Somebody's Fool
Though his jazz career began in the late 1940s, Scott was sidelined to hotel clerking and odd jobs from the 60s to the 80s by a protracted record-rights dispute – until after an unexpected renaissance in 1992, he found himself a sixtysomething cult star. But that famously ethereal, high-register power and plaintive soulfulness (along with his diminutive stature, a symptom of the hormone-related Kallmann's Syndrome) had first brought Scott to jazz fans' notice as a 23-year-old, with Lionel Hampton's popular orchestra. Hampton gave the newcomer the "Little Jimmy" nickname that stuck for life, and the singer gave Hampton a memorable interpretation of the ballad Everybody's Somebody's Fool, which was later to become a 1960 pop hit for Connie Francis. Scott was to return to the song throughout his career.
They Say It's Wonderful
He recorded for the Roost and Savoy jazz labels in the 1950s, but when an enthusiastic Ray Charles signed Scott to his Tangerine label in 1962 – to make the album Falling In Love Is Wonderful – Savoy claimed breach of contract and blocked the new album's distribution. So the world had to wait a while to hear a historic collaboration between two soul-jazz giants.
Sycamore Trees
As his label problems mounted, Scott quit the business, returned to his native Cleveland, and did whatever routine jobs he could to pay the rent. He eventually moved back to New York in the 1980s, and began gigging again, but it was his impromptu performance of Someone to Watch Over Me at his friend Doc Pomus's funeral in 1991 that issued Scott's real wakeup call to the music business and the public, and brought him back to the spotlight he remained in for rest of his life.
Scott's comeback album All the Way, for the Sire label, was then nominated for a Grammy, he sang at Bill Clinton's inaugural parties, began touring the globe, and taking part in challenging new collaborations – like his haunting appearance on the Twin Peaks soundtrack for filmmaker David Lynch.
For All We Know
That was followed by his anguished duet on the 30s ballad For All We Know with soul-saxist and kindred spirit in sound David Sanborn, on the latter's 1995 album Pearls.
Nothing Compares 2 U
Scott's open-mindedness and renewed enthusiasm allowed him to invest much more contemporary materials with his spinetingling eloquence – as he did for his 1988 album Holding Back the Years, on a startling cover of the Prince/Sinéad O'Connor hit, Nothing Compares 2 U.
Skip Gilbert, former executive director of the USA Triathlon, the sport's governing body, said he believes the craze started when the triathlon became part of the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney. Before then, "the perception was that triathlon was only for Ironmen,” he said, referring to the longest and toughest category of triathlons, which involves swimming 2.4 miles, biking 112 miles and running a 26.2-mile marathon.
“But shorter Olympic distance races at the Games gave more athletes a way to embrace the sport,” Mr. Gilbert said. What used to take 15 hours with Ironman competitions can now be done in as few as 3 hours in an Olympic distance race. A sprint triathlon, the shortest type, typically involves a half-mile swim, a 13-mile bike ride and a 3-mile run. “The sport gained momentum almost instantly,” he said.
In 2000, there were 50 USA Triathlon clubs. Now there are 831 throughout the country. In 2000, there were 229 USA Triathlon-certified coaches; now there are 1,800, according to the USA Triathlon.
Photo
Some of the growth in the sport comes from aging long-distance runners, who switched over because of injuries, according to Dr. Michael J. Neely, the medical director at New York Sports Medicine and Physical Therapy , based in Manhattan . The shock on joints associated with running gets worse with age.
“Triathlons are much better for the body than long-distance running,” Dr. Neely said. “With triathlons, when you are injured running, you can still swim and bike.”
Ken Katz, 40, a doctor in Pittsburgh , had been running since high school and participated in one marathon and several half-marathons. But he stopped 10 years ago when he developed what he called “knee woes.”
“I got banged up and decided to diversify into triathlons, where you have the combination of the other sports to take a little of that pressure off specific injuries,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Soon, Dr. Katz was investing in bikes, traveling to races and hiring a coach.
That's not to mention all the accessories and lifestyle brands that now cater to him and other triathletes. They can now buy TriSwim's shampoo to remove chlorine, and sports drinks like Hammer Nutrition Heed, which is sold on Web sites like One Tri. There are aerodynamic helmets and sunglasses made for triathlons, as well as wetsuits and tri-specific running sneakers made by K-Swiss , Asics, Zoots and Newton.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
At Placid Planet, a bicycle and triathlon shop in Lake Placid, N.Y., the new must-have accessories are Zipp wheels and compression tights. “Zipp wheels are an aerodynamic carbon wheel that increase speed by reducing drag on the wheel,” said Kenny Boettger, the owner. Compression tights and socks, he said, help athletes recirculate oxygen and blood. “This is the big thing right now and it works,” he said.
There are also magazines like Lava, which began publishing in August and offers testosterone -fueled articles and profiles that appeal to men who dream about being Ironmen. With page after page of Lycra, equipment reviews and training tips, the magazine is geared for “hardcore triathletes who want to get right inside the fiery molten center of triathlon,” according to its mission statement.
Lava's macho-man mantra is simple. “Forty is the new 20,” said John Duke, who publishes the monthly magazine in San Diego . “And in triathletes, 40 isn't old. The median age of the sport is 41.”
Photo
Good thing, too, since triathlons don't come cheap. “Forty-somethings are also the ones who can afford the sport,” said Scott Berlinger, the head coach of Full Throttle, a 120-man triathlon team that is based out of the Chelsea Piers in Manhattan. “I tell my athletes everything costs $100 — shoes, helmets, glasses — and the big purchase is your bike.”
A bicycle — the tri-world equivalent of the red sports car — can cost anywhere from several hundred dollars to more than $10,000. After the bike and the chiropractor bills, the biggest item is individual coaching, which can easily run $100 an hour.
“Triathletes are a discerning group of alpha consumers, with $175,000 average salaries,” said Erik Vervloet, vice president for sports marketing at K-Swiss, which jumped into the tri-market three years ago. “The average Ironman spends $22,000 a year on the sport.”
The high price is an issue, particularly for spouses. “I still argue with the wife about the costs,” said Mr. Goodman, the triathlete from Stamford. His gear includes a $5,000 Cervelo bicycle, a $3,000 Pinarello bicycle, Xterra Vector Pro2 wetsuits, Izumi Tri Fly 111 bike shoes and a Lazer Tardiz helmet.
But his wife, Amy, eventually came around. “At first it was a bit hard for me to swallow,” said Ms. Goodman, 32, who is attending graduate school in the field of public health, “but when I saw that the bike wasn't going to hang on the wall, I thought, in terms of self-indulgences, this is one of the best things he could be doing.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Hopefully that will pay off in terms of medical bills we are not paying for down the road,” she added.
Triathlons have other benefits, too. Triathletes often get a confidence boost. “He definitely appreciates the changes in his body,” Ms. Goodman said. “He looks different and he has transformed his profile, his posture.”
Mr. Goodman agreed, though his main concern now isn't how he looks in the mirror, but making sure that he isn't “chick-ed” at the next race — slang for being beaten by a woman.
“I'm not going to sit around and say I'm getting old,” he said. “I'm going to find a way to beat this.”
*****
Probably the worst enemy the church has ever had is butts.
Female butts, specifically, because that is where sin comes from.
*****
At the beginning of time, when the first humans walked out of Eden, a bunch of mean old Christian school teachers were standing there to make sure no butt cheeks were hanging out of Adam and Eve's animal skin clothes.
The Christian school teachers were like “We need to talk to your parents, who are they?” so Adam was like “God, and He's in there,” and then Adam pointed back to the Garden of Eden. But because of the angel with the flaming sword, the teachers couldn't go inside Eden, and they were forced to wander the earth for all eternity, just worryin bout butts, and they are still at it, to this very day.
*****
An important first step is to understand the different types of Butt Sin.
BUTT SIN#1: LUST
The most common type of Butt Sin is the lust kind. This is where a boy sees a girl's body and thinks about sex, and it is always the girl's fault, even though boys think about sex all the time, even when their eyes are closed, but whatever.
Probably the most dangerous lust situation in all history is church youth group events that involve swimming. This is why all the leaders of Christianity came together at the Diet of Augsburg and invented the Shorts Over One Piece rule for Christian girls. And Josh Harris was there, and he saw that it was good.
Making girls wear shorts over their swimsuits was very effective, because it stopped Christian boys from ever thinking about sex. But what about adult women? The church had to stay one step ahead of horny dudes, and this is why James Dobson called the Council of Nicaea. After a month of intense meetings, the leaders of the Church unveiled their newest weapon in the war against Butt Sin:
Mom Jeans.
Mom Jeans were a special kind of pants for Christian women that completely camouflaged the location of the butt. Men were totally at a loss: how could they lust after what they could not locate?
For a while, everything was fine. But Satan is crafty, and he invented a demonic ritual called “yoga” to destroy America through Butt Sin. And even though Albert Mohler told them not to, Christian women were all like “Lemme yoga” and Satan was all like “sure, put on these special pants” and then it was danger time, because the pants were made specifically for Butt Sin.
And then God raised up an army of blog prophets to remind everyone that yoga pants were sinful. And then other bloggers fought back, and it was the Great Butt Schism of 2015.
It looked like the schism would tear Christianity apart, like the time DC Talk broke up, but I have been informed that God has a plan:
BUTT SIN #2: SEX (maybe)
Another kind of Butt Sin is the sex kind. Maybe. This kind of Butt Sin is disputed.
For a long time, leaders in the Church said that sex should only be used for making babies. This was because the leaders were jealous of the people having sex, and wanted everyone to be as horny as they were, or something. Anyway, this caused a lot of problems because there have always been Christians who enjoy the types of sex that don't make babies, such as the Potluck, the Church Picnic, and the Elders' Meeting.
Then a pastor named Mark Driscoll wrote a book with his wife in which they said that all these non-babymaking kinds of sex are okay, and also that something called Anal Sex is okay, too. As I am an innocent homeschooler, I was not familiar with this “Anal Sex,” so I asked my wife, and she told me it is a special kind of love for mommies and daddies who vote Democrat. So there you go—you learn something new every day.
BUTT SIN #3: Man Butt Sin
[This means exposed crack or farting in church.]
*****
For a while in college, when I lived in Michigan, I attended a small charismatic church. It was here that I met Gordon.
Gordon was a fat man who was very hairy, with a shaggy mullet and bushy eyebrows and a wild, unkempt mustache that covered his mouth from view. His eyes were small and beady, like marbles wedged into the folds of his face.
And Gordon, bless his heart, had problems with Butt Sin. During the praise and worship he would stand in the second row with his hands behind his back, swaying back and forth and blasting out gas that created a kill zone of two pews in every direction where no one dared sit. And if you don't think passing gas in church is the worst kind of Butt Sin, you and I are on different exegetical wavelengths. During the sermon Gordon would sit very politely, never reading along in a Bible but just staring blankly ahead. In the pauses where “amens” are periodically required from a charismatic congregation, Gordon was a constant threat to signal his approval with a fart.
Also relevant: Gordon was insane. He would corner my 12-year-old brother and mumble on and on about some mythical property he owned in the Okefenokee Swamp where he buried the bodies of all the people he'd killed. So, I guess what I'm saying is, Butt Sin can really take you down a dark path.
*****
Butt Sin, Volume Two
*****
*****
Voters in Tuesday's primary weren't reflecting a blue state or a swing state so much as two increasingly polarized bubble states. One getting bluer, the other redder.
The biggest question in local politics is how the chaos roiling the presidential election will change politics way out here in the other Washington.
If Tuesday's primary results are any sign, our state has just become more polarized than ever.
The liberal part of the state voted against the Republican brand more resoundingly than ever on Tuesday, swamping Republicans in King County and single-handedly buoying Democrats, at least at the top of the ticket.
In the marquee statewide contests for governor and U.S. Senate, voters didn't give any Republican more than 38 percent of the vote. The total vote for the GOP candidates in each of those two races didn't top 43 percent statewide — which is a wipeout.
While the primary is only a beauty contest, usually when a party polls just 40 percent in August it spells almost certain doom in the November general election.
But down ballot the news got a bit better for the GOP — even though voter-rich King County was delivering unprecedented margins for the Democrats. This means that areas outside the liberal center of Puget Sound were voting Republican even more than usual.
Conservative counties are getting redder, while King trends ever more blue.
The GOP front-runner for governor, Bill Bryant, is an elected Port commissioner in King County and fairly well-known here. Yet he earned an abysmal 27.8 percent in his home county.
Doing even worse was GOP U.S. Senate front-runner Chris Vance. He's a former legislator and King County councilmember — meaning he's been elected here repeatedly. But he was drawing a cataclysmic 20.2 percent of the King County vote. His decision to break with Donald Trump in May, becoming one of the few GOP candidates in the nation to do so, clearly won him no backing from liberal or moderate voters, and may have just turned off the party's conservative base.
That said, the GOP appears assured of picking up at least one statewide office. Two Republicans — Duane Davidson and Michael Waite — were the leading vote-getters for an open state treasurer seat. In our top-two system, this means the two Republicans would face one another on the ballot in November. This is a coup for the GOP, as two candidates from the same party have never faced off in a statewide race before.
They accomplished this feat despite winning only a combined 37 percent of the vote in King County. In the red counties of Eastern Washington, the two racked up as much as 70 percent of the vote combined. Democratic candidates finished first in this race in only two of the state's 39 counties.
King County has always contained what amounts to a pass/fail line for Republicans. In a general election, they historically have had to earn at least a 40 percent share of the vote here. If they didn't, the county is so big they've had no mathematical chance of winning a statewide race.
No Republican statewide candidate reached this pass/fail line in Tuesday's primary. The closest, incumbent Secretary of State Kim Wyman, was scoring only 36.4 percent.
But because the red counties are getting redder, Wyman still was leading in the primary runoff against former Seattle City Councilmember Tina Podlodowski by nearly 3 percentage points.
The head of the state GOP, Susan Hutchison, has been declaring to anyone who will listen that we're actually not a blue state, but a swing state. She has said that Donald Trump is exciting new voters on the right even as he may be turning off liberals, who live in what she calls a “bubble of left-wing propaganda.”
She's got a point, according to these election results. I don't know if that makes us a swing state so much as two states. Two bubbles, even. One redder, the other bluer, growing ever distant in their respective views on the world.
Image copyright AFP Image caption LinkedIn's chief executive Jeff Weiner says the company is looking for new sources of growth
Shares in professional networking service LinkedIn slumped by as much as 15% in after-hours trading after it posted a weaker-than-expected outlook.
LinkedIn expects first quarter revenue of up to $460m (£282m), which is below analyst projections for $469m.
The company has also seen sales growth slow for the fourth straight quarter.
Its poor showing comes after Twitter saw a steep sell-off in its stock following its disappointing first public earnings report.
LinkedIn chief executive Jeff Weiner said the company is currently looking for new sources of growth.
"We are investing significantly in a focused number of long-term initiatives that will allow us to realize our vision to create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce," he said in a statement.
The California-based company also plans to further develop its mobile application and strengthen its jobs vacancy business.
About one quarter of LinkedIn's traffic now comes from mobile devices.
Mr Weiner also said they plan to expand into China, the world's most populous country, and recently appointed a new executive to head operations there.
LinkedIn is the only major US social network not blocked in China.
New purchase
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption LinkedIn is the only major US social network not blocked in China.
LinkedIn also announced on Thursday that it had bought data analytics company Bright Media for about $120m.
Bright Media is a two-year-old start-up which uses algorithms to match job candidates with prospective employers.
Its founder Eduardo Vivas said in a statement that they were excited to join LinkedIn.
"The company shares a similar vision and is equally obsessed about using data and algorithms to connect prospects and employers," he said.
LinkedIn makes the most of its money from selling service subscriptions to job recruiters, who use the website as a database for potential candidates.
Many other social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook depend on advertising sales.
LinkedIn shares have surged almost fivefold since it went public in the US in mid-2011.
Matt: Visitors to guardian.co.uk between 9.30am and around noon on Thursday may have noticed that commenting was disabled. Early bird readers may even have seen the commenting form display a "Submit" button that was impossible to click.
Thankfully all is now fixed, and there's a new feature to boot, but this wasn't quite the way we planned to introduce the new functionality.
We release an update to our core software, R2, every two weeks at around 9.30am. Today we deployed release 125 to production. One of the changes for this release was an upgrade to our version of jQuery, the Javascript framework, from version 1.4.3 to 1.6.4. The newer version promised much faster performance, something we were keen to take advantage of.
One change to jQuery affected us in particular though: its .attr() function. jQuery modified the way this function behaved when used in this way:
$(element).attr("disabled", "");
In the past version of jQuery we used, this would change this kind of markup:
<input type="checkbox" disabled="disabled" />
Into this:
<input type="checkbox" />
After the upgrade, it instead changed the markup to this:
<input type="checkbox" disabled="" />
See the problem? Now, when we test to see if that element was disabled, it no longer returns false. In the case of Discussion, our commenting platform, we disable the Submit button when the page loads and enable it using jQuery once the user has started to type a comment. Our jQuery upgrade went out, and suddenly this code no longer behaved as we expected:
if ( $(element).attr("disabled") ) { // do stuff }
In jQuery 1.6, this method now returns "undefined", which Javascript gurus will know is not the same as false (unless you use === comparison). Long story short, we were no longer enabling our submit button, so comments couldn't be posted.
Now, of course, we knew about this bug a while before we pushed the jQuery upgrade out – we carefully checked for old-style uses of $(element).attr("disabled", ""); and rewrote them to use the more verbose (and correctly working) $(element).removeAttr("disabled");.
Unfortunately for us, we made the fix into our feature branch of Discussion which we were due to deploy before pushing the new jQuery to production. Due to timing constraints we eventually decided to push the new Discussion features after the jQuery upgrade. Oops. This then meant our scheduled release ("sometime next Monday morning") suddenly became a lot sooner ("right now").
Gideon: Every release we run a series of regression tests to make sure the key functionality on our site for editors and users still works, one of these is, of course, to post a comment. So how on earth did this not get spotted?
The answer as Matt says, is that we were testing a newer version of our Discussion platform (which sits outside our main CMS) on our test environments, than was running on Production. As we prepared to deploy the new commenting functionality we made the fatal mistake of upgrading the version of the Discussion on our Release environment, the final staging post which is supposed to be an exact mirror of what is to be deployed on Production.
So when performing final sanity checks the software appeared to be working, because it was running the newer version, which included the fix. Thus breaking one of the golden rules of testing (From the ISEB Software Testing syllabus):
The test environment should correspond to the final target or production environment as much as possible in order to minimize the risk of environment-specific failures not being found in testing.
If we'd followed this rule, this issue could have been spotted and averted. As it is, we learnt the hard way from this mistake!
I'm going to admit it right here, straight up, all I wanted to do was bring you a batch of fresh new ska music released in the first few months of 2016. I wasn't really worried about the theme, plus this story is kind of a mess. But, it seems like it fits the story anyway! Not even kidding, I noticed it at about my third listen through to make sure the episode was sounding good that a large amount of these songs do reflect the story, a bit more surface than usual though. Accidentally achieving a theme with music, must be my mutant power.
00:00 – the Pomps – All My Guns (Indie Rock is Dying '16)
03:36 – the Slackers – By the Time I Get to Sleep (the Slackers '16)
06:33 – Jackie Mendez – Sitting Round the Bend (Live) (Introducing '16)
09:06 – Gigantes Magneticos – Hey Hey! (Power of Choice '16)
12:06 – the Imperial Walkers – Control Yourself (the Imperial Walkers '16)
14:26 – the Freecoasters – Mystery (Show Up '16)
16:49 – the Holophonics – See You Again (Maskarades Vol. 9: Now That's What I Call Ska Covers '16)
20:03 – the Defekters – Come Around (Ghettoblaster '16)
Show support for the bands by clicking on those links and checking out their websites and music! Show support for the podcast by finding & liking 23min of Ska on facebook as well as follow-on Twitter.
Also, feel free to download this episode if you wanna keep it forever.
Another way to support the podcast is to buy some records from our partners in crime over at Grandpa's Casino Recordings, they carry some great vinyl ska records!
Comments from senior Iraqi officials after the conquest of Mosul correspond with the current assessment by Western intelligence agencies that the collapse of the Islamic State's caliphate is inevitable. While those same intelligence sources claim that the fall of Raqqa will take time, it will happen in the end. What this means is that the surviving combatants in Islamic State (IS) territory will attempt to find refuge in more distant and remote regions so that they can continue to export their global jihad, mainly against Western targets in the United States and Europe.
Given the current situation, the various players in the Middle East are preparing for the "day after" IS, when it no longer has a physical presence in the region. That could happen at any time in the next year or two. In other words, it is right around the corner.
"The new Middle East is a strange place," a senior Israeli military official familiar with the northern front told Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity. "The days of seeing things in black and white, of seeing groups painted as enemies versus those groups we consider allies, are over. Many of the players are now both. It all depends on the perspective, particular arena and interests of the moment.''
That top official was referring, first and foremost, to Hezbollah, Iran, Russia and the Lebanese army. Israel is very worried about the attitude of the United States toward the Lebanese army and the fact that the Americans continue to arm it so vigorously. "The US sees how the Lebanese army is fighting [IS] in the northern part of the country and has marked it as a positive force — or, in other words, as part of the anti-[IS] alliance," says the official. "But that is an illusion, because the Lebanese army is becoming increasingly identified with Hezbollah, and arms that the Americans are providing to the Lebanese army in the north can later be found in the hands of the Lebanese army and Hezbollah in the south, where they can be used against us.''
Israel points to recent remarks in March by Lebanese President Michel Aoun, who said that Hezbollah serves in a complementary role to the Lebanese army. One top Israel Defense Forces (IDF) officer could not hide how pleased he was with this comment. He even sent Lebanon a message of his own through the commander of the United Nations Interim Force In Lebanon, with a special thank you to the Lebanese leader. Another senior IDF officer explained to Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity: "The president's comments were, in effect, an explicit admission that Hezbollah and the Lebanese army are one and the same. What this means is that in the next war, which we hope does not break out, we will no longer need to avoid attacking Lebanese infrastructures like we did last time. Michel Aoun made a strategic error."
Meanwhile, Israel is investing most of its efforts on keeping the United States on the right side — i.e., its side — of the conflict. Israel is very concerned about the possibility that US President Donald Trump will attempt to instill order in the Middle East on the day after IS by making a special deal with the Russians, which would allow the Shiite axis stretching from Tehran to Beirut to acquire a foothold in the Golan Heights.
Another issue at the top of Israel's agenda is the fact that Iran has begun building factories in Lebanon to manufacture relatively accurate rockets and missiles. According to foreign reports, the Israeli Air Force has so far been able to strike most of the convoys leaving Damascus for Beirut with their cargoes of "tie-breaking" weapons, which could harm Israel's unchallenged aerial superiority in the region or allow Hezbollah to launch attacks on strategic targets in Tel Aviv with pinpoint accuracy. In order to get around the aerial siege attributed to Israel, the Iranians are now planning to "reduce ranges" and provide Hezbollah with the option of manufacturing these missiles themselves.
The Israeli leadership is engaged in a bitter debate as to whether such factories in Lebanon are a casus belli. In other words, do they constitute the crossing of some red line, which is unacceptable to Israel? If this approach gains the upper hand, Israel will try to attack or otherwise torpedo the construction of these factories, no matter what the price may be. It would do this even if it would require an aerial strike to destroy them, just as foreign publications claim that Israel destroyed Syria's suspected nuclear reactor in Deir ez-Zor in 2007. Since such a move would set off a huge conflagration in the Middle East, the decision to launch the attack will not be an easy one.
So far, Israel and Hezbollah are locked in a state of mutual deterrence. It is not in the interest of either of them to launch a conflict that would result in unprecedented destruction in Lebanon but cause damage to Israel too. At the same time, it is obvious to Israeli decision-makers that Hezbollah is currently in a position of weakness, having lost some 1,500 fighters in Syria, with thousands more wounded. What this means is that Hezbollah would be unable to operate effectively on another front, this one with Israel. Nevertheless, there is no Israeli leader capable of making the intelligent decision and reacting to the construction of these missile factories in Lebanon. Instead, Israel's leaders are making do with a long series of speeches and declarations by top military and political officials over the past two weeks. One high point of this was the recommendation June 21 by the outgoing commander of the Israeli air force, Maj. Gen. Amir Eshel, to the people of southern Lebanon that they hurry and flee their homes if and when war breaks out.
There are now those in Israel who confess to the sin of committing a "substantial historic mistake" in its early days by choosing to engage the Shiites in conflict rather than accepting them and forming an alliance with them, just as Israel did with the Druze. "The Shiites are a minority and are considered heretics by the Sunnis, just like the Druze and the Yazidis," a senior Israeli military official told Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity. "They did not understand this yet in 1948 [Israel's Independence War] and again in 1982 [First Lebanon War]. Instead of reaching out to the Shiite population in Lebanon and offering them some kind of arrangement, which would include mutual defense, we have turned them into our enemies. We will come to regret this for generations, because the way that the Shiites perceive the region and their status in Islam makes them much more disposed than the Sunnis to cooperate with us. We can only consider changing course once the Iranian Revolution is over." Then he added, "but no one knows when that will be."
Bullet Time SFX Using Nothing but Web Tech March 31, 2015
bulletTime.js is a web application that attempts to replicate the special effect 'Bullet Time' famously introduced in the movie: The Matrix.
The proliferation of advanced web technologies mainly: getUserMedia/WebRTC and Web Sockets created a unique opportunity to develop a web application that can potentially replicate the famous effect.
During Netflix's Hack Day, I had the opportunity to spend a few hours developing an early prototype of the concept. The main idea is to use an array of laptops, and take advantage of their webcam, native display and connectivity features.
Infrastructure:
Multiple worker devices: Each worker device will take one photo per 'bullet time' FX scene
One master machine: Responsible for collating all the photos and generate the animated GIF. It also serves as a dashboard indicating the status of all the worker devices
One trigger device: This is how we tell all the worker devices when to take a photo. (In the GIF above, if you look carefully, you will notice that I'm using my phone as the trigger device).
Cool looking digram that doesn't tell you much
First Challenge: Setup:
The physical setup of the machines is the trickiest part, the correct angle (pitch and yaw) for each device is crucial (otherwise the effect is broken and you end up with something like this)
The master machine needs to be aware of the position (index) of each worker (to be able to interlace the photos in the correct order). In order to access its webcam each worker needs to grant access permission via the browser.
I attempted to solve some of these challenges by dynamically allocating the index to each worker/camera every time a worker page is loaded. The page will display its index in a huge font that almost literally takes the whole screen (i.e. 100vh). Further each worker that gets added to the system is instantly displayed on the master dashboard. Said dashboard also conveniently displays the status of each worker stating whether access to the webcam has been granted or not.
Setup example: (in this video all the workers are on the same machine, obviously when actually doing this, each worker needs to be on a different device)
Second Challenge: Synchronisation
Triggering all the photos at the exact moment in all devices is paramount for the effect to work (here is somewhat comedic example of when there is a small delay between shots). Achieving synchronicity between all the machines turned out to be very difficult and it looks like it's known to be a hard problem
I tried a few different techniques while trying to overcome this issue:
Sound:
I attempted to use sound as a trigger (in the hope of removing network latency/congestion from the problem) I ended up generating a DTMF tone on my trigger device and this javascript implementation of the Goertzel algorithm running on each worker device. The idea was to process the incoming audio from the microphone waiting for the specific DTMF tone. Unfortunately this proved to be the most unreliable method. Different machines processed the incoming sound at vastly different speeds (I'm guessing due to CPU/microphone differences)
NTP (Network Time Protocol)
Another technique I attempted to use was relying on NTP. Basically giving the machines a specific time in the near future (a couple of seconds) when they needed to take a shot. Unfortunately it looks like NTP in practice does not provide millisecond level precision (at least over WIFI)
Web Sockets
This is the technique I ended up using. It was somewhat flaky since the devices were connected via WIFI and as a result network traffic vastly affected how precise the synchronization was. It did however produce acceptable results even if it was not super reliable.
Potential Alternatives:
As explained, Web Sockets was the least crappy solution. There are a few more things that I would like to try including:
Web Sockets over a wired connection: (get a small switch and connect all laptops using ethernet cables)
I was/am pretty bullish on relying on NTP solution. In theory it should be possible to sync machines in the same LAN within a few milliseconds (or even better use PTP)
Instead of attempting to process the audio stream in order to detect a specific tone, use a much simpler signal such as loudness.
Third Challenge: Webcams
While a quick trip to Netflix's IT department granted me with 7 Macs + mine (4 Retina Pros, 3 Air, 1 Pro 13... how cool is Netflix's IT department?) it turned out the quality, color/hues, distortions were different (even within the same models).
This is most likely because the laptops were 'loaners' so they have been heavily used. Unfortunately I didn't notice this while shooting, as a result I ended up manually removing the bad frames from the GIF after the fact). Here are a few examples of bad frames, and how they affect the final result: Reference Frame, Bad quality/blurry Frame, Bad colour/hue and final result (including the bad frames)
Future
There are a few things that I'm planning on improving in the near future. One of the most important ones is to modify what each worker screen displays. The idea is to show a semi-transparent feed of what the direct sibling worker (n-1) device is seeing on top of its current camera feed. This will go a long way in making the setup easier and the final result less jumpy.
Using phones would yield substantially better results for a few reasons: They have much better cameras than laptops, it's easier to find several units of the exact same model/version and finally, it drastically reduces the distance between the lenses (thus making a smoother effect)
Mobile Android already supports the required web technologies, unfortunately Safari does not, leaving (at least for now) iPhones out of the fun.
Isn't the Open Web awesome? This whole thing was designed, coded and field tested during a hack day. I'm pretty sure that I can yield significantly better results with a few tweaks. I will report back whenever I get some the time/opportunity to try again (if you try it, please let me know)
Finally here are a few photos of the actual, setup and a "best of" video. The source code for bulletTime.js is available in Github here, obviously pull-requests are welcome.
Matt Welch and Nick Gillespie have noted an emerging group of people who, having been accustomed to a panoply of choice in every other aspect of their lives, are abandoning America's two-party system in droves.
Is this growing movement of independents a cause for optimism among libertarians? Are we in for a better, more libertarian era than ever before? Or should we be skeptical of this kind of optimism, given the growth of the federal government in recent years?
Together Matt and Nick are the authors of the 2011 book, “The Declaration of Independents: How Libertarian Politics can Fix What's Wrong with America.”
Show Notes and Further Reading:
Nick Gillespie and Matt Welch, The Declaration of Independents: How Libertarian Politics can Fix What's Wrong with America
Gallup Poll: Americans Disapprove of Government Surveillance Programs
While James May may have left Top Gear with Jeremy Clarkson after that infamous ‘fracas', it doesn't mean he has any bad feelings towards Chris Evans who has taken over as host.
In fact, the 53-year-old hopes the now-rival car show does well, calling the BBC's attempt to reboot the long-running franchise a “ballsy” move.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
“I'd like like to see Chris's Top Gear do well,” he told Radio Times. “It's a ballsy call to continue it. I wouldn't want to be the one presenting it when we'd just finished, but there must be a way of re-inventing it.
“We always said it would survive beyond us. I think the stories about Chris's version being in trouble might be an elaborate hoax, before it explodes onto our screens in brilliance.”
May, who moved to Amazon Prime along with Clarkson and Richard Hammond, also said that it was “harsh” of the BBC to air the Top Gear ‘best of' compilation - Top Gear: From A to Z - over the Christmas period.
“I was surprised they showed lots of Top Gear compilations over Christmas,” May said. “I thought: ‘Oh, so now they're celebrating us,' but I also thought it was harsh on Chris Evans. Just as he's trying to launch his version of the programme, the BBC is saying: ‘Look how brilliant it was before'.”
However, he didn't discount working with the BBC ones again, stating: “The BBC may have ruled me out, but I don't rule out the BBC.”
Speaking about the new Amazon show, May once again insisted it will not be called Gear Knobs and said it is “completely different” to Top Gear.
“We've managed to keep everything we've done so far completely secret, which we could never do on Top Gear,” he said. “The content is completely different. People are saying: ‘Now you're with Amazon, you can swear and punch each other in the face'. But why would we want to do that? It would be rubbish.”
May also spoke about the possibility of the new show failing: “How could it [fail]? There are too many people who, like us, like messing around with cars.
“It would need some sudden seismic viewing shift, for reasons no one could possibly understand. Nor can it detract from what we achieved with Top Gear, because we won't be just another version on another platform. What's the point?”
Meanwhile, Chris Evans's Top Gear has been hit numerous speed bumps along its long drive to the TV screen. Only days ago was the presenter spotted ‘looking car sick' at the side of a race course, while the show's executive producer left the show late last year.
This article was first published at 11:00 a.m. on March 9 and has been updated.
Birds are chirping, temperatures are rising, and it's that time of year again — physical fitness assessment time.
Now that it's time for the spring PFA, commands will be putting new rules announced last year into effect — eased body fat rules, but fewer allowed failures before a sailor is booted out. It also means random body fat checks that can land a sailor onto the mandatory PT squad.
"The sailors were basically given a chance in Cycle 2015-2 to reset and become aware," the new head of the 21st Century Sailor office told Navy Times. "And those that had not previously been allowed to take the physical readiness test were then given an opportunity to do so."
This cycle will bring new body composition assessment standards, but also command spot-checks and a new scoring for the physical readiness test, as laid out in NAVADMIN 061/16 released Wednesday.
"This will be different levels — high, medium, low — within a category, which will give an opportunity for sailors to see how close they are to moving up a level," said Rear Adm. Ann Burkhardt in an interview.
For sailors who are within a few curl-ups or a few seconds of an excellent or outstanding grade, she added, that can be motivating.
Sailors can also expect random BCA check-ups between formal tests, at their commanding officers' discretion.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Navy Times Daily News Roundup
Spot-check fails will not count toward the new two-in-three-years failure limit, but they will require enrollment in the Fitness Enhancement Program, with mandatory workouts as well as weigh-ins every 30 days until they're back within standards.
As of Jan. 1, sailors who bust the Navy's existing height-and-weight chart will be measured at the waist, where they can be up to 39 inches for men and 35.5 for women.
If they're over that standards, it's back to the old waist-neck measurement for men and waist-neck-hip tape test for women.
The new maximum body-fat standards:
Men, ages 18 to 21, 22 percent
Men, ages 22 to 29, 23 percent
Men, ages 30 to 39, 24 percent
Men, 40 and older, 26 percent
Women, ages 18 to 21, 33 percent
Women, ages 22 to 29, 34 percent
Women, ages 30 to 39, 35 percent
Women, 40 and older, 36 percent
"If the sailor fails the BCA, they'll have to be evaluated by a medical provider, enrolled in FEP and given nutritional counseling," Burkhardt said.
For a failure to count toward administrative separation, a sailor has to bust the Defense Department body fat standard, which can go up to 36 percent for women and 2 6 percent for men, depending on height.
The 21st Century Sailor Office doesn't have the numbers on how many people were able to reset their failures to one or save themselves from administrative separation last year, Burkhardt said, but she anticipates there will be a shift in this next cycle.
"Sailors should be more aware of where they are," she said. "It'll really show itself in Cycle 2016-1."
Now they'll have looser body fat standards, but will also get to take the PRT whether they pass the BCA or not. And they'll get enrolled in FEP earlier if they're having a problem.
Next up for Navy Personnel Command is to rethink the PRT, but Burkhardt said those discussions are in the very early stages.
"I think the conversation as been started, from occupational to new ways to do physical readiness testing, but we haven't reached any conclusions yet," she said. "Those working groups are in still in those discussions, and we're involving the fleet and [the Navy Bureau of Medicine and Surgery]."
On April 21 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu flew to Moscow for closed door talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin. The media reported that the talks were over the situation in Syria, a theme where Moscow has made certain a regular hotline dialogue exists to avoid potential military clashes. It seems, however, that the two discussed quite another issue–potential Russian involvement in developing Israel's giant offshore Leviathan gas field in the Eastern Mediterranean. Were the two to strike a deal, the geopolitical implications could be enormous for Putin and Russia's strategic role in the Middle East as well as for the future of the US influence in the region.
Israeli press reported the Netanyahu-Putin talks as being about “coordination between forces in skies above war-torn country, status of Golan Heights…”
According to Russian state media reports, however, in addition, Netanyahu and Putin discussed the potential role of Russia's state-owned Gazprom, the world's largest natural gas producer and marketer, as a possible stakeholder in Israel's Leviathan natural gas field. Russian involvement in the stalled Israeli gas development would reduce financial risk for Israeli offshore gas operations and increase the gas fields' security, as Russian allies like Hezbollah in Lebanon or Iran would not dare target Russian joint ventures.
If the Russian reports are accurate, it could portend a major new step in Putin energy geopolitics in the Middle East, one which could give Washington a major defeat in her increasingly inept moves to control the world's center of oil and gas.
Russian interest
Many outside observers might be surprised that Putin would be in such a dialogue with Netanyahu, a longstanding US ally. There are many factors behind it. One is the leverage Russia's President has through the presence of more than one million ethnic Russians in Israel, including a cabinet member in Netanyahu's government. More importantly, since the Obama Administration went ahead, over vehement Netanyahu protests, to sign the nuclear deal with Iran in 2015, relations between Washington and Tel Aviv have chilled to put it mildly.
The situation is being skillfully mined by Putin and Russia.
Washington wants to force a political reconciliation between Netanyahu and Turkey's Erdoğan, including a deal in which Turkey would become a major buyer of Israeli offshore gas, making major purchase agreements from Leviathan. For Washington that would reduce Turkish dependency, today more than 60%, on imports of Russian gas. In return Israel would agree to sell Turkey advanced Israeli military equipment with Washington approval.
However bilateral talks between Turkey and Israel are reportedly stalled over numerous differences. This opens a door for Russia to enter.
Putin invited Israeli President, Reuven Rivlin, to Moscow on March 16 for talks following Russia's surprise decision to pull some of its forces back from Syria. Significantly, the visit was sanctioned by Netanyahu, who often is at personal odds with his President. One purpose was clearly to lay ground for the latest Netanyahu Moscow visit.
Golan, Leviathan, Turkey
What is emerging is a complex realpolitik negotiation between Putin and Netanyahu of the highest geopolitical stakes for the entire Middle East and beyond.
The elements as they now appear include possible Gazprom partnership and investment in the development and marketing of natural gas from Israel's giant offshore Leviathan gas find. It includes some kind of arrangement between Russia and Israel to guarantee Israeli security from attacks by the Teheran-backed Hezbollah from forces in the Syrian Golan Heights. And it includes a deal in which Israel would walk away from Washington's desired gas and arms sales to Erdoğan's Turkey, a deal which would weaken Gazprom and any Russian leverage over Turkey.
Israel's Leviathan
First Leviathan. In late 2010 Israel announced discovery of a massive “super-giant” gas field offshore in what it declares is its Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). It's located in what geologists call the Levant or Levantine Basin. The find is some 84 miles west of the Haifa port and three miles deep. They named it Leviathan after the Biblical sea monster. Three Israeli energy companies, led by Delek Energy, in cooperation with the Houston Texas Noble Energy announced initial estimates that the field contained 16 trillion cubic feet of gas—making it the world's biggest deep-water gas find in a decade. For the first time since creation of the Israeli state in 1948, the country would be self-sufficient in energy and even in a position to become a major gas exporter.
If we flash forward some five or more years to the present, the world and Israel's entree as a major energy geopolitical player appear far different. The world prices for oil and natural gas have collapsed dramatically since late 2014 with little sign of serious recovery.
Internal Israeli politics have furthermore blocked the regulatory approval for development of Leviathan. On March 28, Israel's High Court blocked the Netanyahu government's proposal to freeze regulation changes in the natural gas industry, threatening to delay the development of offshore fields. The court objected to a proposed “stability” clause, which would have prevented major regulatory changes for 10 years. Lack of an approved government framework has delayed development of Leviathan. Noble and their Israeli partners, Delek Group Ltd. are the two major stakeholders in Leviathan.
What has changed as well since Russia's earlier foray into Leviathan 2012 is the fact that Netanyahu and the Obama Administration are barely on speaking terms over Iran and numerous other issues. As well, the world oil and gas market is in a depression and Israel could urgently need significant outside investors to develop Leviathan.
As well today the Houston, Texas company, Noble Energy, is feeling the negative impact of the energy price collapse of the past two years in the midst of the worst oil industry depression in years and is discussing sales of its stake in various international projects to weather the storm.
In October 2015, Israeli sources reported that Vladimir Putin had reformulated a proposal for Gazprom participation in Israel's nascent offshore gas development. According to comments of senior Israeli journalist, Ehud Yaari, Putin had expressed renewed Russian interest in Gazprom's entering into the Israeli natural gas sector by taking a joint venture share of the huge and costly Leviathan project. Yaari, considered very well-informed in Israeli Middle East politics, also stated that Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, who opposed a previous deal 2012 with Gazprom, is now reconsidering his 2012 position.
In 2012 Gazprom had submitted the highest bid to buy a 30% stake in Leviathan. Noble Energy's Israeli partners in Leviathan, led by Delek Energy, then had decided to bring in a strategic partner because they lack the financial wherewithal, know-how, and connections to fully exploit the reservoir's potential as quickly as possible.
Cost of developing the gas discovery alone, including building a natural gas liquefaction (LNG) plant, was estimated at $10-15 billion. At that time there was a split among the owners of the Leviathan bloc. Israeli billionaire Yitzhak Tshuva's Delek Group were enthusiastic about doing a deal with Gazprom, given their geopolitical power and marketing ability globally. The US-based Noble Energy was opposed, most likely at the urging of Washington. Gazprom lost that one.
In October 2015, a month after initiation of Russia's military intervention in Syria, Yaari told the Sydney-based newspaper, The Australian, that Putin had recently told Netanyahu, in return for a Leviathan deal, “We will make sure there will be no provocation against the [Israeli] gas fields by Hezbollah or Hamas.” Given Russia's recent military role in Syria, that was clearly no empty promise.
Turkey and Israel
Another component of a possible Grand Bargain on energy and security guarantees between Russia and Israel would involve an agreement for Israel to end US-backed negotiations with Turkey's Erdoğan in favor of Gazprom investment into Leviathan and Russian security guarantees to Israeli offshore energy projects.
In early March this year, US Vice President Joe Biden, who has an uncanny knack to show up in areas where Washington's neo-conservatives want special concessions or agreements, showed up in Tel Aviv for a meeting with Netanyahu. In closed door talks between the two, according to Israel's leading daily, Haaretz, Biden pressured Netanyahu to strike a deal with Erdoğan that would see Israel's Leviathan gas going to Turkey to replace Gazprom gas. Biden also pressed for Israeli advanced weapons sales to NATO-member Turkey.
Since then, secret talks have been ongoing between Israel and Turkey with no tangible success. Israeli Defense Minister, Moshe Ya'alon, speaking on behalf of the Israeli military establishment told Israeli media several times in recent weeks that the IDF demands, as precondition for any detente between Israel and Turkey that Erdoğan shut the Hamas command post in Turkey from which Israel claims terror activities against Israel were ordered. Turkey has not agreed. The Israeli military establishment reportedly prefers maintaining military cooperation with Russia over that of any deal with the unpredictable Erdoğan.
Clearly not by coincidence, only days after the Biden talks with Netanyahu, Putin extended his invitation, not to Netanyahu directly, but more diplomatically, with Israeli President Rivlin.
Rivlin was invited to Moscow on the ceremonial pretext of the 25th anniversary of the restoration of diplomatic ties between the two countries. He acted clearly as a discreet back-channel to prepare the most recent Moscow Putin-Netanyahu talks involving among other items, Gazprom stakes in Leviathan and the future of the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights where a suspiciously well-connected US energy company, Genie Energy, whose advisory board includes names such as Dick Cheney and Lord Rothschild, claims to have discovered, via their Israeli subsidiary, a huge new oil find.
Recent efforts by Netanyahu to get US President Obama to back a permanent Israeli occupation of the Golan Heights reportedly fell on deaf ears. Likely Netanyahu had in the back of his mind during his talks with Obama the reports of large oil discoveries by the Israeli subsidiary of the US-based Genie Energy.
In his Moscow talks, President Rivlin asked Putin to help reestablish the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force presence on the Golan Heights between Israel and Syria, noting that Israel is concerned to make sure Hezbollah and other Iranian-backed groups are not able to use the chaos within war-torn Syria and a power vacuum on the Golan Heights to set up a base near the border for attacks against Israel. The recent fighting forced the UN to withdraw.
What is clear is that the ultimate geopolitical stakes for all sides–Moscow, Tel Aviv, Ankara, Washington, for US energy companies, Israeli energy companies and Russia's Gazprom–are enormous. To be monitored…
F. William Engdahl is strategic risk consultant and lecturer, he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”
Place in United Kingdom
Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is the main settlement of the island of Tristan da Cunha, in Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom, in the South Atlantic Ocean. Locally, it is always referred to as The Settlement or The Village.[1]
Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is regarded as the most remote permanent settlement on Earth, being 2,173 kilometres (1,350 mi)[2] from the nearest other human settlement, on Saint Helena.
History [ edit ]
The settlement was founded on the island of Tristan da Cunha in 1816 by a Sergeant Glass from the Borders of Scotland[citation needed] after the UK annexed Tristan da Cunha. A military garrison was maintained on the islands as a guard against any French attempts to rescue Napoleon, who was imprisoned on Saint Helena. The military garrison remained until the end of World War II.
It is named after Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, the second son of Queen Victoria, in honour of his visit to the island in 1867.[3]
Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is the only major settlement of Tristan da Cunha, and contains a small port, the Administrator's residence, and the post office. It was damaged in a volcanic eruption on the island in 1961, which forced the entire population to abandon the settlement and evacuate to Calshot, Hampshire in the UK. The eruption destroyed the settlement's crayfish factory.
After the return of most of the islanders in 1963, the settlement was rebuilt. The harbour at Edinburgh was named Calshot Harbour, after their temporary home during the eruption.[4]
Geography [ edit ]
Climate [ edit ]
The archipelago has a wet oceanic climate under the Köppen system with mild temperatures, but consistent moderate to heavy rainfall and very limited sunshine, due to the persistent westerly winds. Under the Trewartha classification, Tristan da Cunha is a humid subtropical climate due to the lack of cold weather. The number of rainy days is comparable to the Aleutian Islands at a much higher latitude in the northern hemisphere, while sunshine hours are comparable to Juneau, Alaska, 20° farther from the equator. Frost is unknown below elevations of 500 metres (1,600 ft) and summer temperatures are similarly mild, never reaching 25 °C (77 °F). Sandy Point on the east coast is reputed to be the warmest and driest place on the island, being in the lee of the prevailing winds.
Climate data for Tristan da Cunha Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °C (°F) 23.7
(74.7) 24.4
(75.9) 24.4
(75.9) 22.4
(72.3) 20.3
(68.5) 18.7
(65.7) 17.8
(64.0) 17.3
(63.1) 17.1
(62.8) 18.4
(65.1) 22.4
(72.3) 21.8
(71.2) 24.4
(75.9) Average high °C (°F) 20.4
(68.7) 21.2
(70.2) 20.5
(68.9) 18.9
(66.0) 16.9
(62.4) 15.3
(59.5) 14.4
(57.9) 14.2
(57.6) 14.3
(57.7) 15.4
(59.7) 17.0
(62.6) 18.9
(66.0) 17.3
(63.1) Daily mean °C (°F) 17.9
(64.2) 18.8
(65.8) 17.9
(64.2) 15.4
(59.7) 14.6
(58.3) 13.1
(55.6) 12.2
(54.0) 11.9
(53.4) 12.0
(53.6) 13.0
(55.4) 14.6
(58.3) 16.5
(61.7) 14.8
(58.6) Average low °C (°F) 15.4
(59.7) 16.2
(61.2) 15.3
(59.5) 11.9
(53.4) 12.3
(54.1) 10.9
(51.6) 10.0
(50.0) 9.6
(49.3) 9.7
(49.5) 10.6
(51.1) 12.2
(54.0) 14.1
(57.4) 12.4
(54.3) Record low °C (°F) 10.9
(51.6) 11.8
(53.2) 10.3
(50.5) 9.5
(49.1) 7.4
(45.3) 6.3
(43.3) 4.8
(40.6) 4.6
(40.3) 5.1
(41.2) 6.4
(43.5) 8.3
(46.9) 9.7
(49.5) 4.6
(40.3) Average rainfall mm (inches) 93
(3.7) 113
(4.4) 121
(4.8) 129
(5.1) 155
(6.1) 160
(6.3) 160
(6.3) 175
(6.9) 169
(6.7) 151
(5.9) 128
(5.0) 127
(5.0) 1,681
(66.2) Average rainy days 18 17 17 20 23 23 25 26 24 22 18 19 252 Average relative humidity (%) 79 77 75 78 78 79 79 79 78 79 79 80 78 Mean monthly sunshine hours 139.5 144.0 145.7 129.0 108.5 99.0 105.4 105.4 120.0 133.3 138.0 130.2 1,498 Percent possible sunshine 31 35 38 38 35 34 34 32 33 33 32 29 34 Source #1: Worldwide Bioclimatic Classification System[5] Source #2: Climate and Temperature[6][7]
Edinburgh of the Seven Seas Climate chart (explanation) J F M A M J J A S O N D 93 20 16 113 21 17 121 20 16 129 18 15 155 17 13 160 15 11 160 14 11 175 14 10 169 14 10 151 15 11 128 17 13 127 19 15 Average max. and min. temperatures in °C Precipitation totals in mm Source: Climate and Temperature Information Imperial conversion J F M A M J J A S O N D 3.7 68 61 4.4 70 63 4.8 68 61 5.1 64 59 6.1 63 55 6.3 59 52 6.3 57 52 6.9 57 50 6.7 57 50 5.9 59 52 5 63 55 5 66 59 Average max. and min. temperatures in °F Precipitation totals in inches
Transport [ edit ]
There is one road, M1, which connects the town with Patches and is used by the few private cars on the island.[8] Paved paths provide walking access to buildings around town. A bus service called Potato Patches Flier (using a 24-seat Isuzu mini school bus from South Africa[9]) is available to pensioners in town to travel to places around the island.[10]
All motor vehicles on the island have Tristan da Cunha plates consisting of letters TDC and 2 or 3 numbers.[11]
The town has a small harbour with berths accessible by small vessels only.
Gallery [ edit ]
Art [ edit ]
Graphic artist Rolf Weijburg produced an etch of Edinburgh of the Seven Seas[12] and other places on the island of Tristan da Cunha.[13]
Local government [ edit ]
The island's local affairs are managed by the Island Council, a 14-member administration that meets six times a year and is elected every three years.[14]
Government services [ edit ]
The town is home to the island's emergency services, which comprise one ambulance (a Toyota Hilux operated by Camogli Hospital), one fire engine (a Land Rover Defender with a small ladder) and one police car (Land Rover Series).[10]
The town administration also has a vehicle for official use.[10]
Places of interest and attractions [ edit ]
Most buildings in town are single story, with the largest being the factory and the tallest being St Joseph's Church.
St Mary's Anglican Church – built 1923 [15]
St. Joseph Catholic Church – built 1995–96 and replaced earlier church from 1983 [15]
St Mary's School – built 1975 [16]
Camogli Hospital – built in 1971 to replace Station Hospital (c. 1940s) [17]
Calshot Harbour – built 1967 [18]
Prince Philip Hall and the Albatross Bar
Tristan Thatched House Museum
Agriculture Department warehouse
Tristan Island Store – only supermarket on the island [19]
Tristan Post Office, Tourism Centre and Café da Cunha – opened 2009 [19]
Administration Building – home to Island Council
Crayfish Canning Factory – built 1963 [20]
Park 61 – volcanic park site
Notable people [ edit ]
Conrad Glass, police officer
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa's decision for early release of Rajiv Gandhi's killers invited a sharp reaction from Congress, which termed it as "irresponsible, perverse and populist".
Slamming government's decision, spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said, "Any perverse decision is also liable for judicial scrutiny" but remained evasive when asked whether you will ask Centre to approach court in this matter.
He insisted that there is a fundamental difference between commutation of a sentence and release or remission.
The party has already made it clear that it has no issue with the Supreme Court order commuting the death sentence of Rajiv killers to life imprisonment.
"Every state has powers of remission but these are the powers, which are to be exercised by Constitutional functionaries" in the light of rules and regulations and the spirit of any judicial order.
"The nation cannot forget that it lost not only its Prime Minister but also 17 other Indian citizens including Tamils to terrorism. We condemn unequivocally such irresponsible statements and decisions by such Constitutional functionaries.
"... Such decisions announced in such casual fashion and cavalier manner need to be condemned irrespective of regional, populist and other considerations. This decision fails to take into account the scourge of terrorism and the spirit of Constitution," Singhvi said replying to questions.
Maintaining that the Supreme Court has not talked about release and remissions in its order, Singhvi said it simply followed an old order commuting death sentence of the accused to life imprisonment.
government today decided to set free within three days all the seven convicts in the assassination case after the Supreme Court commuted the death penalty of three assassins Santhan, Murugan, the husband of Nalini, and Perarivalan yesterday sparing them from gallows.
WPXI
January 22, 2010
[efoods]Pittsburgh police Chief Nate Harper said three plainclothes officers have been reassigned during an internal investigation into the beating of an 18-year-old student violinist from the city's Creative and Performing Arts High School.
Police charged Jordan Miles, 18, with assault and resisting arrest Jan. 11 because, they said, he fought with the officers who thought a “heavy object” in his coat was a gun. It turned out to be a bottle of Mountain Dew.
Miles said he resisted because he thought the men were trying to abduct him and didn't identify themselves as police.
Miles' family and attorney said he was hit with a stun gun and hospitalized after the violent Homewood struggle during which a chunk of his hair was yanked out and a tree branch went through his gums.
“I was accused for something I never had anything to do with,” said Miles, an honor student at CAPA. “I was completely innocent. They couldn't find anything.”
Read entire article
Police are searching for a man they say has been robbing people in the Bronx while threatening them with a hypodermic needle. John Noel has more. (Published Friday, Sept. 14, 2012)
A Bronx robber who threatens his victims with a hypodermic needle has been linked to five more incidents, police said Friday.
The new robberies, all in the Bronx make a total of eight known incidents. His victims, all male, have been as young as 14. Among the items stolen are iPads, iPods and cell phones, police said.
No one was hurt in the incidents.
The man is described as about 40 years old, 5 feet 6 inches tall and 120 pounds, with black hair and brown eyes. He was last seen wearing a black leather Yankee cap, a black hooded sweatshirt, a black t-shirt with blue lettering, gray jeans and black sneakers.
Weird News Photos: Man Shoves Snake in Pants
Anyone with information in regards to these incidents is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS or at NYPDCRIMESTOPPERS.COM or by texting their tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577.
All calls are kept strictly confidential.
Last week, as I'm sure you well know, the CEO of Chick-Fil-A, Dan Cathy, came out against gay marriage. Of course, that led to lots of backlash… and lots of Photoshop jobs like this:
So they should be losing some business. (Not mine, seeing as I never went there.) Maybe this is my most controversial thing I will ever say on this site, but I think Chick-Fil-A is entirely overrated, and no matter how many of my Southern friends tell me differently, I am not waiting in an absurdly long line at the single store in Chicago for a piece of fried chicken with a pickle on it.
Anyway, back to the actual story.
On Saturday, Mike Huckabee, inserted himself into the controversy and declared Wednesday, August 1st Chick-Fil-A Appreciation Day! Because there's nothing like a declared holiday on a Wednesday. Here's the event description on Facebook:
I have been incensed at the vitriolic assaults on the Chick Fil-A company because the CEO, Dan Cathy, made comments recently in which he affirmed his view that the Biblical view of marriage should be upheld. The Cathy family, let [sic] by Chick Fil-A founder Truett Cathy, are a wonderful Christian family who are committed to operating the company with Biblical principles and whose story is the true American success story. Starting at age 46 Truett Cathy built Chick Fil-A into a $4 billion a year enterprise with over 1600 stores. At 91, he is still active in the company, but his son Dan runs it day to day as CEO. It's a great American story that is being smeared by vicious hate speech and intolerant bigotry from the left. … Too often, those on the left make corporate statements to show support for same-sex marriage, abortion, or profanity, but if Christians affirm traditional values, we're considered homophobic, fundamentalists, hate-mongers, and intolerant. This effort is not being launched by the Chick Fil-A company and no one from the company or family is involved in proposing or promoting it. Simply affirm appreciation for a company run by Christian principles by showing up on Wednesday, August 1 or by participating online — tweeting your support or sending a message on Facebook.
Not as a response to Huckabee, but coincidentally gaining traction around the same time, is the National Same Sex Kiss Day at Chick-Fil-A, created by Carly McGehee.
In honor of their support for love, equality, and the real definition of family, we're holding a NATIONAL Same Sex Kiss Day at Chick Fil A's around the country. So grab a friend (or 20) and head out to your nearest Chick Fil A! And don't forget to post photos/videos of it here! For all the world to see!
So find a friend, meet at Chick-Fil-As around the country on August 3rd at 8:00p (ET), and smooch away!
More information is on the official Twitter feed @ntlsamesexkiss.
(via Buzzfeed)
Joseph Stalin was leader of the Soviet Union between 1922 and 1953. He followed Vladimir Lenin as Soviet leader, and was the first General Secretary of the USSR's Central Committee.
This article contains a number of interesting Joseph Stalin facts that you may find helpful in learning about Stalin, or for teaching about Stalin.
Joseph Stalin trained as a priest
Joseph Stalin was a talented but rebellious child and, when he was 16, was awarded a scholarship to attend a seminary. He was expelled in 1899, aged 20. Reasons for his expulsion differ – some say that, despite being a talented pupil, he missed examinations, others say that he wasn't able to pay his tuition fees. The official Soviet record, naturally, didn't address either of these theories, preferring to argue that he was expelled because he was caught reading illegal communist pamphlets.
Joseph Stalin was Georgian, not Russian
Stalin's birth name was Ioseb Besarionis dze Jughasvili. He was born on 1878 in the town of Gori, in Georgia. Despite his upbringing, he became a Russian nationalist in his early 20s, and then a Marxist.
Stalin was exiled to Siberia seven times
It was in Siberia that Ioseb Besarionis dze Jughasvili changed his name to Joseph Stalin. In Russia, Stalin means man of steel. Stalin suffered a damaged arm as a child, and was judged unfit to serve in the Russian military – perhaps this contributed to his choice of name.
How many people did Stalin kill?
That Stalin was a brutal leader with no respect for individual human life is not in doubt. What isn't clear is how many were killed under Stalin's leadership. Estimates of the death count vary between 3 and 60 million. You can read more about how many people Stalin killed in our companion article.
Stalin Height
In an attempt to bolster Stalin's Cult of Personality and his image as a strong man, many efforts were made to subliminally persuade people that Stalin was taller than he actually was – for example, photographs of Stalin were often shot from slightly below. In actuality, although he was not a tall man, Stalin's height is not accurately known, but it is likely that he was approximately 5'5″ tall. Click here to read the answer to the question: How tall was Joseph Stalin?
Stalin was assassinated (probably)
Actually, this isn't a fact – but it's quite possible that Stalin was assassinated. His death in 1953 was generally attributed to a stroke, which given his poor health over the preceding decade was not implausible. However, a 2003 study indicates that Stalin had actually taken, or been given, warfarin (rat poison).
Russia today has mixed feelings about Stalin
There is a lot of nostalgia in Russia today about the Soviet era, and particularly about Stalin's leadership. He is seen by many as a great, decisive leader, who steered the Soviet Union through the most brutal and dangerous conflict of its history, the Second World War. More than one in three Russians reported in a recent poll that they would vote for Stalin if he were alive today. However, current Russian President has denounced those who try to rehabilitate his image.
More about Stalin
If you enjoyed this article and would like to read more about Stalin, you may enjoy reading some of these books about Stalin, available at Amazon.com.
You might also enjoy some of our other articles about this former Soviet leader. We have articles containing Stalin Pictures and an article containing Battle of Stalingrad facts which follows a similar format to this article.
Mark Marshall's goal gave Bradford a 2-1 lead against Coventry
Three goals in nine dramatic second-half minutes enabled Bradford to maintain their unbeaten start to the season with a 3-1 home win against Coventry.
The visitors deservedly went in ahead in the 13th minute with their first goal of the season through 19-year -old striker Daniel Agyei, who has joined on loan from Burnley.
Agyei intercepted Danny Devine's pass before racing into the penalty area and clipping the ball over the advancing Colin Doyle.
Coventry were good value for their half-time lead but Bradford came back into the game after 66 minutes when Coventry defender Jordan Turnbull, making his debut after joining from Southampton, pulled down Billy Clarke as he burst into the area and was sent off.
Bradford skipper Tony McMahon equalised from the spot and three minutes later they went in front with a superb low 25-yard shot into the corner of the net from winger Mark Marshall.
McMahon then put the result beyond doubt with his second penalty after Josh Cullen was brought down by Vladimir Gadzhev in the 75th minute.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
Warning: spoilers here.
Season 2 of Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles just ended a bit less than a week ago, and now the big question is whether the show will be continued or not. Apparently at the moment it's still undecided so there's still hope.
The general consensus is that the show is a good one and hopefully will get another season, but that it made a big mistake in the middle of the season by rolling three episodes in a row about Sarah Connor's mental state, which turned out to be an extremely boring three hours where a lot of the best characters (Cameron, John Henry) barely showed up at all, and this resulted in a pretty big drop in viewers during the middle of the season. I've made a graph of the number of viewers for season 2 (in millions) to illustrate:
As you can see, the show actually maintained a fairly stable viewing base of 5 to 6 million throughout the first part of the season, and it wasn't until those three episodes plus the move from Wednesday Monday to Friday came along that it suddenly plummeted into dangerous territory. The lowest rating it received (2.96 million) was actually the first good episode after the disastrous three, and perhaps due to word of mouth from that it began to pick up a bit of steam, though perhaps too late.
However, there are a number of reasons why the show should get a third season in spite of this. Here they are in no particular order.
- The Terminator brand is huge and there is a lot of sustained interest in the story itself, even when nothing in particular is being produced. In this sense it's similar to a number of fairly popular characters and shows such as Star Trek and Wolverine. Here are a few shows/characters (and even one company) compared to Terminator over the last few years from Google Trends.
Terminator vs. Battlestar Galactica
Terminator vs. Wolverine
Terminator vs. Jon Stewart
Terminator vs. Star Trek
Terminator vs. Starbucks
Terminator vs. X-Men
Terminator vs. StarbucksTerminator vs. X-Men
The third season is going to be incredible, if it happens. There were no intentions of this being a series finale. It was absolutely a season finale. There's a plan where this can go and it's so good.... You have this episode where John Connor travels to a future where John Connor never existed. I don't know if people completely get it because we work on a string theory, which we've dealt with during the season. We dealt with that with Jessie, in the future that she came from there was Charles Fisher, who tortured everyone. In the future I came from, he never existed. I don't remember him. We were still together within these parallel futures but they were still different and they still had their own paths. This is the same concept. For John Connor to travel to a future where he never existed, where Kyle Reese never left, where Derek and Kyle are still fighting side by side, where Allison (the human Cameron was based on) is still very much present, what becomes of John? What better situation for somebody to grow up in and become the future leader than that? Than to be fighting in what he's been trying to prevent? Not just being the top dog, being listened to for everything, but having to actually listen and follow.
This last one vs. X-Men is probably the most telling as the two are just about equal when no content is being made, Terminator leaps a bit ahead when it has a tv show to its name, and when a major film is put out there's a huge spike which is what we're going to see with the new Terminator movie as well.This long-term brand is also reflected in the ratings the show received during season 1, which ranged from 7.1 million to 18.3 million for the show's very first episode. Unfortunately this was also the year where the writer's guild strike happened so only nine episodes could be filmed, and then there was a fair amount of dead space in between this and season 2.- Expanding on the first point: Terminator: Salvation is coming out, and promises to be huge. There's no sense pretending it's not: Christian Bale is the lead character, Hamilton and Schwarzenegger are rumoured to be lending their voices, and, well, it's Terminator. Even Terminator 3 grossed over half a billion. Fox should be able to capitalize on the interest brought about from the movie by rerunning Terminator: SCC chronicles episodes during the summer for those that haven't seen them but have had their curiosity piqued after watching the new movie, which creates a nice lead in to season 3 which would begin in the fall. Canceling the show, however, would result in a loss of opportunity to capitalize on this, and for what? For one extra hour that may or may not have a popular show replace it. A show with the name Terminator can't just be whipped up on the spot, whereas this one just needs the green light to continue for another year.- The show is fiction, but aside from time travel it deals with an alternate reality that is actually very possible, and the debate it raises over the role of robots and artificial intelligence is something that is good, even necessary, for humanity as a whole. There are generally two views over the role of robots in the future: one is the so-called American version (Terminator, I, Robot, The Matrix), a dystopian one where robots attain a certain level of consciousness and decide that they need to oppose or wipe out humanity for one reason or another, and the other is the so-called Japanese version (Astroboy) where robots are mostly helpful and misunderstood, and humans come across as being much more negative. Naturally this is a big generalization as shown by programs like Star Trek where artificial intelligence is portrayed very positively (Data on Star Trek: TNG, the doctor on Voyager, plus parts of I, Robot).What is particularly interesting about season 2 is that this season's portrayal of the varied motivations of the various terminators is a distinct possibility - Catherine Weaver is a T-1000 and has no problems with killing people she deems to be in her way, but at the same time doesn't hold the same motives as Skynet and is working to aid John Connor. Robots that are capable of learning and reassessing what they know should in theory also be capable of making their own judgments about these issues too, and it's also conceivable that self-aware robots could be taught ethics. The scenes related to this with Ellison and John Henry are particularly interesting:- After the ending of Season 2, Season 3 promises to be extremely interesting. As Brian Austin Green in the link above says ( here it is again ):
It's also worth noting that a lot of very good shows have taken a year or two to really get into a good groove. What if Star Trek: TNG had been canceled after one or two seasons thanks to some episodes like We'll Always Have Paris:
(Picard goes on vacation and meets an old flame, yay)
the Dauphin
or how about
Salia thinks she will never see Wesley again, but he hurries to the transporter room to say goodbye and give her a last taste of chocolate mousse . She reverts back into her natural form to beam down through the planet's thick atmosphere, and Wesley is amazed at how beautiful she is .
Dah-ta
Day-ta
(Wesley makes an appearance for the first time, falls in love with a girl, and there's a shapeshifting alien that does something too. Or she was the alien. Or something.)Wikipedia's summary of the end of the episode shows just how mind-numbingly lame it was.Not to mention Shades of Gray, a clip show where Riker almost dies, relives a bunch of clips we've already seen before, and finally is saved by Doctor Pulaski (remember her? The fuzzy-haired doctor for a single season that called Datainstead of?) by stimulating his emotions.In short, a few bad episodes in the first one or two seasons does not a cancel-worthy show make.Next reason:- A lot of the characters in the show are a treat to watch: Garret Dillahunt as John Henry and Cromartie before that, Brian Austin Green is great as Derek Reese, Summer Glau is naturally great as Cameron, and Shirley Manson as Catherine Weaver - admittedly a bit awkward in the beginning (What? All of a sudden there's a T-1000 that runs a company? But kills employees for fun?), she has become one of the best characters in the show as her reasons for being in the series have become more and more clear and as her character has turned out to be much more complex and interesting than previously thought. I think we all thought in the beginning that she was just another T-1000 out to get John Connor and for some reason was taking her sweet time doing it as well, and only later did the character begin to make sense. Her interacting with John Henry is also great to watch.Finally, one mention of my favourite character: James Ellison. Why? For a simple reason: he's the only main character in the show that wasn't born into his role in some way. Sarah Connor is the mother of John Connor, John Connor is the saviour of humanity, a lot of other characters are from the future and the robots were designed from the beginning to be super-human, but James Ellison is the only character that earned his role as a main character by starting out as a regular agent and eventually finding out the truth behind the case he was working on. In that sense he reminds me a bit of Sam Gamgee (or perhaps Pippin or Merry) from Lord of the Rings - not the smartest or strongest characters, nor chosen by destiny, but regular people that have managed to work themselves into something much bigger than themselves when they could have just stayed at home and remained oblivious to what was really going on in the world.
During a Wednesday teleconference with SEC coaches and media, first-year Missouri football coach Barry Odom responded to a question about the team's specific gun policies.
"We've got policies within our program and obviously within the university on a number of things, and handguns would be one of those policies," Odom said on the teleconference. "You've got to make sure with the rules, and you mentioned hunting and some things like that, but if there's a handgun issue, then we deal with it and not allow it in the program."
In regards to communicating his stances on handguns when he's recruiting players from various backgrounds, Odom said: "You talk about the culture on living the right way and the culture on being a college student-athlete and address it. I believe in being honest and upfront and making sure all the information is provided very, very clearly."
Article continues below ...
Mizzou's policy differs from other programs, some of which have a strict no-gun policy.
The original version of this story incorrectly reported that Odom prohibited members of the Tigers football team from legally owning handguns. The Tigers' policy relates only to the illegal possession of guns.
There is a break in the Chandra Levy case and word of an impending arrest in the murder of the Washington D.C. intern from Modesto.
SIGN-UP: Get breaking news sent to you
The murder of Chandra Levy has been Washington's most famous unsolved crime, but now Levy's parents say police told them, they are close to making an arrest -- nearly eight years after her death.
WRC-TV reports that police believe the man responsible for Chandra Levy's murder is an inmate in the D.C. corrections system named Ingmar Guandigue.
Guandigue reportedly told fellow inmates he had seen Levy a number of times in Washington's Rock Creek Park before he killed her. A man walking his dog discovered her remains there a year after her disappearance.
Levy was 24, from Modesto and went to Washington to work as an intern. She was having an affair with Congressman Gary Condit, a married man who represented her hometown.
Condit repeatedly denied having anything to do with Levy's disappearance and police never called him a suspect, but Levy's family remained suspicious of him. All of it eventually led to the congressman's downfall when Condit failed to win re-election.
As for levy's parents, they got a phone call Friday night from investigators about the imminent arrest.
"Your child is dead and gone and it's painful but we're glad that the police and people are doing something, investigating, and making a difference so someone is not on the street to do it again," said Susan Levy, Chandra's mother.
Now according to WRC, police have submitted evidence to the U.S. Attorney's Office in an effort to get an arrest warrant for Guandigue.
He is currently in jail, convicted of assaulting two other women who were also jogging at Rock Creek Park.
Today's latest headlines | ABC7 News on your phone
Follow us on Twitter | Fan us on Facebook | Get our free widget
Divergent actor Miles Teller popped up on one of the reported casting shortlists for Han Solo in the upcoming Star Wars film from 22 Jump Street directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller. Even if he doesn't land the coveted role, at least it gave him an excuse to watch the originals.
During a visit with MTV's Josh Horowitz on the Happy Sad Confused podcast (transcribed by Collider), Teller remarked, “I had never even seen any of the original Star Wars movies until maybe a month or a couple weeks before my first audition because I was like, ‘I should check this out.'”
If you ask him, the films hold up. “I just love Harrison Ford, I think that's a great character. I love his brand, I mean so many guys would've played that part so wrong and he has humor at the right times. Harrison Ford is a very big actor, when you see the facial expressions and the things he does he go big, but he's just always the coolest guy in the room and he's got all of those great qualities.”
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television and music.
In addition to Teller, Taron Egerton (Kingsman: The Secret Service), Alden Ehrenreich (Hail, Caesar!), Jack Reynor (Transformers: Age of Extinction), and Emory Cohen (Brooklyn) are reportedly being considered for the role. The film, set for release on May 25, 2018, will feature a young Han Solo before he earned his reputation as the notorious intergalactic smuggler.
Elsewhere on the podcast, Teller discussed the reverberations from his involvement in Fantastic Four. “People think that when you make something like a Fantastic Four that doesn't do well, people think ‘Oh you phoned it in' and it couldn't be more untrue.”
He later remarked, “I think it's unfortunate a movie like that becomes a scarlet letter on a resume when so many talented people worked really hard and maybe a handful of people took it in a negative direction.”
Enjoy the best cosplay we saw during our first day at PAX East 2014!
If you're in Boston right now, then no doubt you're recovering from a busy day, because PAX East 2014 officially kicked off this morning. That means plenty of games, sore feet, too many snacks, and most importantly, some of the coolest cosplayers in the world. And the crack Escapist team is on hand to capture it all.
If you were wondering whether or not this year's event might slip, fear not. People were decked out like crazy, dressed in everything from League of Legends gear to Wreck-It-Ralph. And don't worry: we grabbed snapshots and we've brought them back to you to prove it.
Here are some of the best costumes we saw on Friday at PAX East. And don't be shy: let us know in comments and on the forums which ones you like best. First up, enjoy this hulking specimen of Warhammer, appropriately menacing and, thankfully, not erased from existence along with THQ.
There are numerous varied mechanics in Kittens Game. (etc.)
Time System Edit) Kittens game uses a tick system, meaning that all events are queued and happen once per tick, ticks match the refresh rate. Thankfully the ticks in Kittens game are incredibly short, unlike many other games using a similar system. In Kittens Game there are five ticks a second, meaning ticks are 200ms long. There are 10 ticks in a day, meaning a day passes every 2 seconds. Each season has 100 days, from "day 0" to "day 99", coming out to 1000 ticks (200 seconds), or 3 minutes 20 seconds, and each 400 day year has 4000 ticks (800 seconds), or 13 minutes 20 seconds. Basic Units of Time Edit) Unit of time Ticks Real Time Day 10 2 secs Season 1000 3 mins 20 secs Year 4000 13 mins 20 secs Cycle 24000 1 hr 20 mins Decade 40000 2 hrs 13 mins 20 secs Century 400000 22 hrs 13 mins 20 secs Millennium 4000000 9 days 6 hrs 13 mins 20 secs
Weather System Edit) There are four seasons in Kittens game. Much like in the real world, these affect resource production, specifically affecting your catnip. Starting Year 4 (with years starting at Year 0), seasons also have a chance to be warmer or colder than average, changing the modifier to your catnip production. There is a 35% chance that a season will be abnormal, with an equal chance of it being warm or cold (that is, a 17.5% chance of being warm, a 17.5% chance of being cold, and a 65% chance of being average). Seasons only affect catnip production from catnip fields; farmers are unaffected. Seasons Edit) Season Catnip Multiplier Warm Average Cold Spring +65% +50% +35% Summer +15% +0% -15% Autumn +15% +0% -15% Winter -60% -75% -90%
Hunt System Edit) Upon acquiring archery, your kittens are able to hunt for rare resources including furs and ivory, consuming 100 catpower. Hunting bonus Edit) To determine the amount hunted, the game first obtains the hunting bonus of your civilization. This bonus is increased by your workshop upgrades, as follows: Upgrade Bonus Expected fur Expected ivory (No upgrades) 0.0 39.50 10.78 Bolas +1.0 71.50 20.24 Hunting Armour +2.0 136.50 42.00 Steel Armour +0.5 ~153.25 47.94 Alloy Armour +0.5 169.00 54.08 Nanosuits +0.5 ~185.75 60.42 These bonuses are additive, e.g. researching Bolas, Hunting Armour, and Steel Armour would give you a total hunting bonus of 3.5. Expected values are given with the assumption that upgrades above it have already been taken. Hunting mechanics Edit) Furs: Hunting will always give furs. Two random integers are generated and summed up: one from 0 to 79 and one from 0 to (65 * hunting bonus - 1), inclusive. For example, with Bolas and Hunting Armour (giving a total hunting bonus of 3), a random integer from 0 to 79 and a random integer from 0 to 194, inclusive, are generated, and the results summed up. If the hunting bonus is 0, the second integer is always 0. Ivory: Each hunt only has a (44 + 2 * hunting bonus)% chance to give ivory. Ivory acquired is similarly determined by two random integers: one from 0 to 49 and one from 0 to (40 * hunting bonus - 1), inclusive. If the hunting bonus is 0, the second integer is always 0. Unicorns: Each hunt has a 5% chance of giving one unicorn. Gold: In Iron Will mode, each hunt has a 25% chance of giving gold (when the Gold Ore upgrade is acquired). Gold acquired is also determined by two random integers: one from 0 to 5 and one from 0 to (5 * hunting bonus - 1), inclusive. If the hunting bonus is 0, the second integer is always 0. Note: Because of the way the game generates these random numbers, the probability distribution for the second random integer for furs and gold is nonuniform if the total hunting bonus is non-integral. In this case, the upper bound for the second random integer is non-integral, which results in it being possible to generate the next highest integer as well, but with half the chance of being generated as all the other integers. For example, if one has a hunting bonus of 3.5, the second integer generated for furs ranges from 0 to 226.5, meaning it can be any value from 0 to 227, inclusive, but 227 has half the chance of being generated as any single integer 0 to 226, inclusive. Put another way, each integer from 0 to 226, inclusive, has a 2/453 chance of being generated, and 227 has a 1/453 chance of being generated.
Astronomical events Edit) After building your first library, every day there is a 0.25% chance that an astronomical event will be available for observation. Each Observatory you build increases this chance by an additive 0.2%; e.g. with 20 observatories, the chance becomes 4.25% every day. Events last for 30 days. If the Observe button is clicked before this time, the player will receive science, and, upon researching Astronomy, a starchart. If not, the event may still automatically succeed with a chance of 1% per Observatory (flat 25% chance in Iron Will mode). Astronomical events may still happen while previous ones are pending. This will immediately time out the previous event, triggering the check against the automatic success rate. Upon acquiring the SETI workshop upgrade, all astronomical events succeed automatically and silently. Astronomical events give (25 + (Celestial Bonus)) * (1+Science Bonus) Science. Celestial bonus is 5 once you research it, or 15 in iron-will mode.
With such a tight timescale, Pichai wasn't able to keep tabs on the project. "He said, 'Okay, Clay, run,' and he didn't see me, or Google Cardboard, for the next eight and a half weeks," Bavor recounts to Honan. The idea originally was to put a headset in each of the swag bags handed out at the registration desk, but the night before, Pichai had a change of heart. He wanted to announce Cardboard on stage, during his keynote, and then have Google's employees hand them out to delegates afterwards.
"He had not even seen the final version of it, or the final version of the software."
The decision was made and at 11pm, a mad scramble ensued to make it so. The next day, as we know, it was launched without a hitch. "He stood up onstage and announced this product," Bavor recalls, "and he had not even seen the final version of it, or the final version of the software." Pichai had put his complete trust in Bavor and the team working on Cardboard.
The rest of Honan's piece is equally insightful. It delves into Pichai's history, growing up in India and working through the ranks at Google. His not-so-undercover exploration of CES and a speech at the University of New Delhi stadium provide a snapshot into his busy schedule and how he's running one of the most important technology companies in the world.
Natacha Gachnang is confident she can battle with the very best male drivers in the new 2009 FIA Formula Two Championship (ZVG)
Swiss driver Natacha Gachnang, cousin of Formula One newcomer Sebastian Buemi, tells swissinfo.ch she is aiming for a top-five finish in her debut Formula Two seasons.
The 21-year-old is the only woman competing alongside 23 men in the 2009 FIA Formula Two Championship, which begins in Valencia on Friday.
Gachnang, from Aigle in western Switzerland, joins the 2009 FIA Formula Two championship after finishing third in the 2008 Spanish Formula 3 Championship and winning the F3 Spanish Cup.
In 2007 she raced in the American Star Mazda series, recording a string of top-ten finishes. She also finished fourth in the Austrian Formula Three Championship and has raced in the Formula Three Euro Series.
swissinfo.ch: When did you start getting involved in motor racing?
Natacha Gachnang: I started with my cousin, Sebastian Buemi, at the age of five. My father bought me a go-cart for Christmas and my uncle did the same for Sebastian.
We used to drive around the garage for fun. Then we started getting more serious at a go-cart track in France. I started my first championship at eight years old.
We then did the Swiss Minikart Championship and it just became more and more serious with the Swiss, French, and Italian European championships. We were doing more than 100 days at the racetrack.
At the age of 15 we decided to move to formula cars.
swissinfo.ch: What is your aim for the new 2009 FIA Formula Two Championship?
N.G.: My objective is to go for a top five position. But there are a lot of good drivers. There are 24 drivers, of whom three are Red Bull drivers and are very competent, there's another from GP2, and the winners of the Spanish and Italian Formula Three championships.
swissinfo.ch: Are you hoping that Formula Two will help you make the leap to Formula One?
N.G.: I don't know if this will be possible, as I don't really know how this championship will grow.
Maybe it will stay like this or maybe it will grow more and become the step up to Formula One. But if it stays like this, I will probably have to go to GP2 before moving to Formula One.
swissinfo.ch: How does Formula Two compares with Formula Three? What do you imagine being the biggest differences in terms of driving?
N.G.: The new F2 car is several seconds faster than an F3 car. It's a step up: 400 horsepower (hp) compared with only 250 hp for F3.
You also have a boost with 50 hp more, which you can use eight times a race and you have a pit stop but you can't change tyres.
For me it will be a very good experience. There are no teams in the championship so everyone has the same chance. Each driver will have the same car and same engine, and it will be a real chance to fight against the best drivers.
swissinfo.ch: How does it feel to be the first woman to drive in this championship?
N.G.: I don't think about that. I just think about doing my best – that's all. I don't think it's really important. My objective is to show that a girl can fight with the best male drivers.
I've always raced like that – that's all I've ever known. There are only a few girls trying to make their place in this sport. Of course you have to earn other people's respect, but you have to be fast to get respect and that's what I'm aiming at.
swissinfo.ch: People make comparisons between you and the American racing driver Danica Patrick. How do you feel about that?
N.G.: I'm not a sex symbol. I don't want to show that. For sure I'm a girl in a male-dominated world, but I don't want to pose with a bikini on a car. I'm here as I've worked hard to be here and not because I show off my body.
Danica Patrick has a lot of talent. It's sad that people think she's successful because of her image and not her talent.
swissinfo.ch: Motor racing is banned in Switzerland. Has that made it harder for you to succeed as a driver?
N.G.: Without my family I would have stayed at home. There is no help for this sport in Switzerland.
It's so difficult as it is seen as dangerous and not environmentally friendly. They allow mountain rallies, which are ten times more dangerous.
But I think things are changing; they have to change.
swissinfo.ch: How do you feel when you see your cousin driving behind the wheel of a Formula One car?
N.G.: I still can't believe it – it's so amazing. But for the family and for him it's the fruit of all the work from the beginning, so many days on the track, lots of physical training and the sacrifices. He's there because of all that work.
But you still have to fight to stay in Formula 1 as all the drivers behind him are pushing. You are on a very light seat.
My cousin is very good and very professional. When he races he doesn't do any stupid things. But I have beaten him before (laughs).
Simon Bradley in Aigle, swissinfo.ch
Natacha Gachnang Born in Vevey, Switzerland on October 27, 1987. Began her motorsport career in karting, competing on both a national and European level before progressing to single seater racing in 2003.
Spent three seasons in the Formula BMW ADAC series, during which time her competitors included fellow F2 driver Tobias Hegewald. After finishing 19th and 12th respectively in her first two campaigns, she finished sixth in the overall 2005 standings.
In 2006, Gachnang moved to the Austrian Formula 3 Championship, where she recorded two podiums to secure fourth place. She also competed in seven F3 Euro Series races.
In 2007 she joined the Star Mazda Championship, which supported the American LeMans Series, Champ Car World Series and Grand Am. Finished in the top ten during every race of the season, scoring a third place in Cleveland and second position in Portland.
Returned to Europe in 2008 to compete in the Spanish Formula 3 Championship. Victory in Jarama plus podium finishes in Spa-Francorchamps, Albacete and Valencia secured her third place in the overall championship and won her the F3 Spanish Cup. Concluded her 2008 season with a Formula 3000 test with Team Emmebi Motorsport.
Motorsport runs in Gachnang's family: her grandfather competed in the legendary Le Mans 24 Hours race and her cousin is Toro Rosso F1 driver Sebastien Buemi. end of infobox
Formula Two (F2) was previously the main feeder series to Formula One. It was replaced by Formula 3000 in 1985, which later became the GP2 Series (GP2) in 2005. The FIA announced in 2008 that Formula Two would return in 2009 in the form of the FIA Formula Two Championship.
The F2 Championship will comprise eight events in Europe between May and November. There will be two races per weekend - each 110km (around 40 minutes) - with the second race to include a mandatory pit stop. There are two 30-minute practice sessions and two 30-minute qualifying sessions for both races. There will be three days of official testing throughout the season - three before the first race of the season and another two during the season.
The F2 cars are designed by Williams F1 and prepared by MotorSport Vision (MSV). The open wheel chassis will be powered by a 1.8l turbocharged Audi engine. The new F2 cars are aimed to fall between F1 and F3 in performance. All F2 cars will include standard components and similar engines and will be of identical weight. end of infobox
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
The Washington State Department of Transportation is finishing construction on the first I-90 archway for animals east of Keechelus Lake. Eventually, the 15-mile stretch of freeway will feature 27 animal crossings, most of them underpasses.
Just east of Keechelus Lake on Interstate 90, construction crews have been lifting and stacking 40,000-pound blocks of concrete and rebar side-by-side. By the end of the week, 39 will line each side, forming an archway over the roadway's westbound lanes.
For environmental groups, the hunks of concrete are a welcome sight. Eventually, a forested bridge will span westbound/eastbound archways, giving bears, deer, elk and other creatures freedom to roam across the highway without playing a real-life (or death) game of “Frogger.” It will be the state's first freeway overpass for wildlife. Proponents say the bridge and other crossings along 15 miles of I-90 will promote biodiversity, prevent motorists from splattering wildlife and help critters tolerate climate change.
“Highways are one of the greatest fractures to wildlife habitat, and the idea that we can reconnect with the same cement — it's tremendous” said Jen Watkins of Conservation Northwest.
The wildlife crossing, which the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) has slated for completion in 2019, is part of a suite of updates to I-90 east of Snoqualmie Pass, including two new avalanche bridges, rock-slope stabilization and other updates. Highway traffic has been redirected and reduced to four lanes in some areas as WSDOT renovates the route.
Eventually, the 15-mile stretch will feature 27 animal crossings, most of them underpasses, engineers said. Four are finished. Motorists will pass by most without a second thought because they're designed for animals to cross underneath or through enlarged culverts.
But this development stands out. The archway can be seen by motorists between mile markers 61 and 62.
Fences will funnel animals toward the 66-foot-wide overcrossing, which will be topped with soil, trees and other native plants. Rock piles will host pikas and salamanders. Ten-foot walls on either side of the bridge will keep out the glare of cars' passing headlights.
“The idea is you're just walking in the forest,” said Brian White, assistant regional administrator for construction and development at WSDOT.
Some species, particularly large predators and migratory mammals, prefer overpasses, said Charlie Raines, director of the I-90 Wildlife Bridges Coalition.
“Elk like open. They don't like stuff above their head,” he said.
A report on crossings in Canada found grizzly bears, wolves, moose and deer nearly always chose overpasses to cross roadways. Cougars, meanwhile, are more comfortable crossing below.
The bridge will let those ranging predators travel and mingle on both sides of I-90, which should promote biodiversity, Watkins said. That's particularly important for rare, endangered species like wolverines, she said.
Safe access to land south of I-90 could boost species like wolves looking to expand their range. Last spring, about 10 miles from the project, a wolf was found dead on the interstate.
As climate change pushes temperatures higher, some species will need the bridge to migrate, Raines said.
Renovations on I-90 will continue through 2027. Last year, the Legislature gave $426 million to fund the last three phases of the project, including two more overcrossings near Easton.
Pregnant woman spotted outside bus near Darwin immigration detention centre amid refugee stand-off
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: A pregnant woman spotted outside the bus in Darwin (ABC News)
A pregnant woman has been spotted walking beside a bus near Darwin's Wickham Point Detention Centre, where a stand-off has been underway between between guards and two Iranian families protesting against being housed in the facility.
There has been no confirmation as to whether the woman spotted in the video - taken from a helicopter - was one of the heavily pregnant women who have been in the bus since Saturday.
It is understood that while in immigration detention in Nauru, authorities already determined that the women and their husbands were refugees, and the Australian Government told the women they would be taken to Australia to give birth.
They have been refusing to go to the immigration detention centre since they arrived by bus late on Saturday night, according to the Darwin Asylum Seeker Support and Advocacy Network.
Earlier, a 10-year-old refugee involved in the protest was believed to have left the bus involved.
The Refugee Action Coalition has named one of the women as Maryam, who they say was on the bus with her husband Adnan and 10-year-old son Amir.
The Darwin Asylum Seeker Support and Advocacy Network has told the ABC Amir is now off the bus and believed to be in the Bladin detention centre nearby.
Another pregnant woman, Tahere, was believed to be on the bus with her husband Hossein.
Soliman Sharvani, a brother of one of the men on the bus, said he was worried about the women's health.
"I'm way worried about my brother wife, she's pregnant," he said.
"It's the last month for her pregnancy, I think it's too dangerous in Darwin on a bus in that weather for a pregnant woman."
A spokesman for Immigration Minister Scott Morrison said the Department and the detention service provider are working with the families to resolve the situation.
The spokesman said the Minister denies the group were told they would be placed in the community when they came to Australia.
Treatment of pregnant women disgraceful: refugee advocate
Refugee Action Coalition spokesman Ian Rintoul has told 105.7 ABC Darwin the women had been found to be legitimate refugees and should not be put into detention.
"They're both eight months pregnant, it is just ridiculous," he said.
"The people themselves offered to pay for a motel room last night.
"For the cost of a motel room the department's left them on the bus. It beggars belief."
The women were sent to Australia to give birth, which the refugee advocate said was standard practice.
One of the women has had some medical problems during her pregnancy, he said.
"For them to say they would rather go back to Nauru and take whatever risks might be associated with having the babies on Nauru rather than spend a night in detention, it just says a lot about what they have been through in detention on Nauru," he said.
He said having been found refugees should mean they had the right to live in the community while in Australia.
"There doesn't seem to be any possible justification for placing them in detention and depriving them of their liberty," he said.
Mr Rintoul said his organisation had engaged a lawyer to represent the refugees.
The executive director of the Refugee and Immigration Legal Centre in Melbourne, David Mann, said the women had sought legal help from the centre.
Birthing groups call for action from NT minister
Two childbirth associations have called on the NT Health Minister to intervene in the protest.
The Childbirth Education Association and Darwin Homebirth Group have called on Minister Robyn Lambley to ensure the two pregnant women are put into housing in the community.
They said that would ensure the best possible outcome for both the mothers and the infants.
Childbirth Education Association president Leisa Masters said she did not want to hear that it was a federal issue.
"These women are here in our community, to use our services," she said.
"We are morally responsible to deliver care most appropriate to ensure the health and safety of mothers and babies.
"The severe stress that these women are currently under is not conducive to this."
Darwin Home Birth Group president Alison Sharma said the homebirth community was also absolutely clear that these women needed to be housed in the community.
"We are not interested in the semantic word games of Federal Minister Scott Morrison," she said.
"The severe stress that these women are under will affect both their birthing and potentially the long term health of the children.
"It is unthinkable that two heavily pregnant women feel forced to sit on a bus with an absolute lack of facilities in the current heat conditions and we call on Robyn Lambley to act."
A spokesperson for Ms Lambley said the issue was one for the Federal Government.
Topics: refugees, darwin-0800
First posted
YAGNI (You Aren't Gonna Need It) is all about avoiding building things you don't need today. We can't predict the future so why build in features or architecture that we don't know that we need. Isn't it better to keep things simple and only focus on what we do need today? Yes, of course it is! Simpler is always better! Who wouldn't agree with that?
Design — this may shock some — is complementary to YAGNI; it's about organizing the code we do need today well.
While too much design fails by pursuing architectural perfection; not enough design fails because we've incrementally built ourselves an unchangeable, immovable system. These systems display the characteristic of a vicious cycle of stop and go development. A common sign is an increasing frequency of developer grumblings; something about a big re-write.
Wasting time on unnecessary things, YAGNI, is no better than avoiding spending time on necessary things. Besides, there are times and things you are just gonna need.
Finding a balance is where design comes in. It doesn't require years of experience, a degree, or some god-bestowed superpower. The minimal requirement for good design is that you engage your brain; think about the goals you're building towards; identify the responsibilities to meet those goals; and put together a design that organizes which could guide the implementation.
Take careful warning however: the moment you start designing the system beyond the scope of the immediate goals, you have entered into the realm of YAGNI. There's no need to design everything, to figure out every possible detail, to determine how every eventual feature fits into the grand architecture. No, none of that. Design incrementally; keeping in mind immediate work coming up, but nothing beyond.
The design of the system should emerge over time as successive changes take place. This isn't to say that it emerges on its own; it doesn't. It emerges because at each step we are intentional with the design of the changes taking place.
This is easier than it sounds and it mostly involves stepping away from the keyboard; which, if you're not stepping away from your keyboard for at least 5 minutes before you begin work on a change to organize your thoughts, well, you're going to end designing by happenstance; don't.
Step away from the keyboard for 5 to 15 minutes; find a sheet of paper or a white-board, draw circles and lines and any thing that helps you organize your thoughts; then verbally communicate it to someone else.
I'm always amazed how far a little bit of intention and thought towards design can improve state of a system; maybe you will too.
Do you know the habits of wealthy people? Have you ever looked at rich and successful individuals and wanted to be like them one day?
There are eight habits most wealthy people share that have helped them enormously along the way. Find out what they are.
1. They Wake Up Early
Most, if not all, wealthy people are early risers, and that is no coincidence. Successful people recognize the value of waking up early. Billionaire Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin brand, is a strong advocate of waking up early.
There's evidence to back his claims. Take the 2008 study, conducted at the University of North Texas, for instance. The study concluded that students who woke up early were more likely to get better grades than their late-rising counterparts.
This could be because when you wake up early, you have more time to plan your day, and even get a few things done, before you've even had your breakfast. And getting an early start on your day will give you the boost you need to be optimistic and highly productive.
2. They Never Stop Learning
In this technology-driven world that we live in, the day you stop learning is the day you become obsolete. Whether you're an entrepreneur working toward expanding your business, or an employee of a multi-national company looking to climb up the corporate ladder, your willingness to keep updating yourself is what will help you become successful.
Make it a point to learn something new every day. Not only will it help you expand your knowledge, constantly learning will also keep you aware of all that's changing in the world around you.
And when you are aware, you can easily adapt to suit market trends and shifts without any fear of being left behind.
See Also: The One Trick That Will Help You Become Wealthy
3. They Set Themselves Short-Term Goals
Long-term goals are all well and good but short-term goals are what really affect your daily productivity levels. In order to achieve your long-term goal, you need a definite path to follow. And that is where short-term goals come in. They put you on the right track, helping you to achieve your long-term goal in an efficient manner.
4. They Work out
Successful people tend to have a very disciplined workout routine. They work out, not just to be physically fit, but also to recharge their minds, getting themselves ready to face the day ahead. Bill Gates spends an hour every morning on the treadmill. Marx Levchin, co-founder of Paypal, prefers cycling to burn calories.
Pick a work out regime, be it yoga or running, or even rock climbing, and make it a point to follow a strict schedule. You will see that your mind and body transform bringing about a positive change in you.
5. They Have A Daily To-Do List
Ever found yourself chasing an important deadlin, wondering where all the time went? The rich don't have that problem.
Wealthy people know that time is money which is why they practice writing up a daily to-do list. A to-do list helps you to organize and plan your day in advance, prioritizing your tasks.
Most importantly, it helps deter procrastination. And that is why a to-do list is such a powerful tool in the corporate world.
As you tick off each task that you complete, you get a sense of accomplishment which then propels you to work harder to achieve your ultimate goal.
6. They Value Their Employees
Successful people know that it's the people around them that have helped them achieve their dreams. If you take a look at a company with a great employee retention rate, you can safely assume that that company treats its employees really well. This includes giving them good benefits and other incentives, as well as treating them as valued assets to the company.
It goes without saying that when you treat your employees right, they in turn will treat your customers right. And that is the secret to building a successful business empire.
7. They Don't Watch Television
Bet you didn't imagine that this would be one of the habits of wealthy people.
The television is referred to as the idiot box for a reason. Josephine Fairley, a journalist for the Telegraph, states that most of the successful people that she's interviewed over the years simply don't watch TV. Not sitting in front of the television frees up so much of your time, time that you can then use to do much more productive things.
The next time you look at someone and wonder how they manage to get so many things done in a day, know that the answer probably is that they don't watch TV.
See Also: 5 Traits To Adopt To Create The Mind Of A Wealthy Person
8. They Network Aggressively
Wealthy, successful people are highly proactive when it comes to building their network. They make it a point to make contact and develop relationships with vital people, both within and outside their business. From golf sessions to LinkedIn connect, one of the habits of wealthy people is to actively strengthen and expand their network.
When done right, networking can help you land new clients as well as tap talent for future hiring. Sometimes it is all about knowing the right person, and that is where your networking comes in handy. Good networking skills are an indispensable asset in the business world.
If you want to be successful and wealthy, you need to work for it, not just in your professional life but in your personal life as well. When you follow the habits of wealthy people and optimize your lifestyle to reflect that of a successful person, you are already half-way to achieving your goal.
Like this Article? Subscribe to Our Feed!
AKRON, Ohio --- For decades, the Toys for Tots program has collected new, unwrapped toys during the holiday season to distribute as gifts to less fortunate children in the community.
This year, the city of Akron, in conjunction with United States Marines Corp and First Faith Development Corporation, is hosting a Toys for Tots Program at the Summit Lake Community Center, 380 West Crosier Street.
"We must not forget that this season can be difficult for families experiencing tough economic times," Akron Mayor Daniel Horrigan said in a release. "Through the Toys for Tots program, more Akron families can experience the joys of the holiday season."
Newly-packaged, unwrapped donations of toys will be received at the community center from 6 p.m. until 8 p.m. weekdays, from Nov. 1 through Nov. 30, 2017.
Monetary gifts cannot be accepted at the Summit Lake location.
Collected toys will be distributed to registered families at 9 a.m., Dec. 9.
To register to receive a toy, individuals must present an I.D. and Social Security Card for the head of household, as well as a Social Security Card for each child in the household 17 or younger.
For more information, contact Audley McGill, Summit Lake Community Center Supervisor, at amcgill@akronohio.gov or 330-375-2826.
Want more Akron news? Sign up for cleveland.com's Rubber City Daily, an email newsletter delivered at 5:30 a.m. Monday through Friday.
Iraq 'on the cusp' as spike in brutal sectarian violence threatens civil war
Updated
Iraq is "on the cusp" of collapsing into civil war, the United Nations' chief of human rights in the country has said, after months of brutal sectarian attacks which are more viciously divisive than the violence seen five years ago that left tens of thousands dead.
The death toll in Iraq has spiked since April, with more than 2,200 people killed. Latest figures show militant attacks ramping up in markets, cafes, soccer stadiums and other civilian targets, as well as Shia mosques and religious centres.
Scroll down to see our visualisation of the recent death toll in Iraq. Use the filters to see which groups are being targeted as the death toll spikes.
Francesco Motta, the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq's chief of human rights, has told ABC News Online the sectarian viciousness of the attacks is worse than the bloody 2006/2007 conflict which prompted the so-called "surge" of US troop levels.
"People characterised the violence in 2006, 2007, 2008 as a sectarian conflict but actually this conflict is becoming more sectarian. This is becoming really divisive on a sectarian level," he said.
"We're getting increasing reports that people are being targeted as they're leaving places of worship ... and this is really worrying because this is going to produce a counter-reaction. You're starting to see retaliation and this threatens a real sectarian division which will become irreparable."
The grim reality of life in Iraq Francesco Motta outlines the impact on everyday Iraqis of the growing violence: My own staff constantly worry about their children - where their children are. You know, if their children are five minutes late home from school, the panic sets in because people want to know where their kids are.
People frequently have to leave for home early in the day to make sure they can be there for when their children come home or to escort their children home.
One of our staff the other day was on his way home and happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and a bomb went off in the street, a car bomb went off and blew him to the ground, severely wounded him.
And that's the randomness of it - you can just be in the wrong place at the wrong time and find yourself, or people you know, a victim of the violence.
Previous patterns of large-scale, headline-grabbing atrocities are being replaced by a constant barrage of savage murders aimed at ethnic minorities.
"For example in the last month we saw an attack on some bottle shop owners here in Baghdad - 11 of them were summarily executed at point-blank range. They happened to be Yezidis," Mr Motta said.
"Whether they were executed this way because they were running alcohol shops or because they were Yezidis, the savagery of the attack suggests it was carried out by extremists. This type of thing is becoming increasingly common."
He has said while the spike in deaths is not yet as bad as 2006/2007, when "even the government stopped counting", the levels of anger and mistrust among sections of the community, along with a protracted political stalemate and infiltration from the civil war in Syria are increasing support and radicalisation among extremist groups.
"Iraq is standing on the cusp of something that potentially could be very, very bad. This is the cross-roads we're at and where it will go is really hard to predict," he said.
According to UNAMI figures, 6,700 Iraqis died in 2008. The death toll for the first half of 2013 is 3,200, a rate on track to equal the levels of that time. Already there have been 100 deaths reported in the first few days of July.
Snapshot: civilian deaths in Iraq Month Deaths June 685 May 963 April 595 March 229 February 418 January 319
Source: Source: UNAMI
And with Ramadan, the Muslim holy month, starting next week, there could be even worse still to come.
"We always see spikes of violence when we see religious festivals. We do expect to see another spike in violence during Ramadan," Mr Motta said.
"It started out bloody already this month. I would predict that Ramadan will also be a bloody time in Iraq, unfortunately for the ordinary Iraqi citizens who don't want a return to this violence."
Deadlock, division and Syria at heart of problem
Widespread demonstrations have been held for months across the country, driven largely by a Sunni population which feels alienated by the Shia-dominated government. Anti-terror laws which allow indefinite imprisonment are used to discriminate against Sunnis, they claim.
In Syria, the Sunni-dominated rebels are fighting loyalist forces largely made up of Shia and backed by Shia nations in the region. "There are a number of extremist groups in Syria who are very well armed who have been getting a lot of support from extremist groups who were already based in Iraq," Mr Motta said.
"In Syria we're seeing a lot of minority groups being increasingly targeted by extremists - the same thing is happening here."
Tensions have persisted in a swathe of territory in northern Iraq that Kurdish leaders want to incorporate into their autonomous three-province region over Baghdad's objections.
Meanwhile the national government remains locked in a political impasse, with basic services still lacking and infrastructure in disarray. Moderate leaders are being sidelined.
Mr Motta has said there is still time to avert Iraq's disintegration, but only if its leaders summon the political will to act.
"It's not inevitable that we will reach that point (of all-out civil war) but urgent steps have to be taken to address a whole range of issues in order to make sure these grievances don't eat away at the remaining stability that the country has," he said.
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, terrorism, iraq
First posted
Why did the Centre strip Delhi's Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) of powers to arrest Delhi Police officers for bribery? The Modi government won't tell.
The Home Ministry has refused to make public a bunch of documents under the Right to Information (RTI) Act that would have revealed why the government took the decision and the consultation process that led to the controversial notification.
The Centre had tried to clip the ACB's wings on 23 July last year when it made central government employees off-limits for the Capital's anti-corruption sleuths.
It was on the basis of this order that Delhi Police went ahead to file an abduction case against ACB officers who arrested its head constable on a charge of receiving a Rs 20,000 bribes.
The Home Ministry initially ignored a RTI request by HT for the documents that led to the notification. The Centre responded to a second application but refused to provide the information.
“It is intimated that the Anti-Corruption Branch of Delhi has filed an FIR in this matter and in pursuance thereof, the matter is sub-judice,” the Home Ministry's under-secretary Hemlata Hotchandani said.
The law does not exempt information relating to a case pending before a court. So Hotchandani cited Section 8(l)(h) of the RTI Act that exempts information that would impede any investigation, apprehension or prosecution of offenders.
Rakesh Singh, the ministry's joint secretary (Union Territory) too summarily rejected an appeal filed against ‘her decision'.
A Delhi government official said they weren't surprised at the ministry's reluctance to come clean.
“It is a flawed decision in the first place,” the official said, pointing that the powers of a police officer flow from the Prevention of Corruption Act and the Code of Criminal Procedure. “An executive directive such as this cannot supercede the law,” he explained.
Off-the-record, home ministry officials have attributed the notification to a case registered against former union ministers by the ACB in February last year, claiming that Delhi unit had overstepped its limit.
But this is not what the Centre told the Supreme Court in another case.
In its judgment striking down the single directive which required the CBI to get permission to probe joint secretary-level officers, the court said it asked if a state or union territory's anti-corruption team could probe a central government employee of the JS-rank posted in its jurisdiction.
“Yes, both state (and UT's) police and CBI have jurisdiction under the Prevention of Corruption Act over such officers,” the judgment said, quoting the Centre's additional solicitor general.
In the Delhi High Court, the Centre is arguing the reverse.
First Published: May 04, 2015 23:03 IST
5 Tips for Working from Home When You Have Kids
Right now, I have a pretty sweet setup. My son is in school, so I have six hours a day that I can use to get work done.
But it wasn't always this way. Working from home as you attempt to build a business can be tough when you have kids at home. Here are some tips to help you juggle your kids and your entrepreneurship:
1. Hire Some Help
I hired someone to watch my son twice a week for three hours before he was old enough for preschool. People regularly asked my why my son was being watched when I worked from home. Isn't the point of working from home to avoid getting child care?
Don't underestimate the power of uninterrupted work time. Those six hours a week were my most productive. Knowing that was my only time to accomplish the most important tasks pushed me to make the most of that time.
2. Work When the Kids are Asleep
I spent a lot of time working in the evening after my son went to sleep, as well as during nap time. However, my time in the evening was limited by the fact that my husband wanted to spend time with me (not that I'm complaining). I tried to keep nap time for smaller tasks that I knew I could accomplish in a smaller time period, since you never know when nap time is going to end.
3. Coordinate Your Schedule
You have to look ahead when you have kids. This means prioritizing your workload, and seeing what you have coming up. I made it a point to look at my schedule a week out, and determine which items should be done while my son was in child care, and which could be banged out while he was napping. Working around children as an entrepreneur or freelancer requires planning.
4. Take Breaks to Amuse the Kids
If you work while your kids are awake, take breaks to amuse them. In many cases, my son was good for an hour or two if I played with him devotedly for 20 to 30 minutes. If you have more than one child, you can encourage them to play with each other. My son is an only child, and he's always been good at amusing himself, but I did want to make sure he spent quality time with me.
5. Let Them in the Room with You
Finally, you can let your child in the room with you. If I have a couple things to finish up after my son gets home from school, he brings his homework into my office, and we get our work done together. You can let your children play in the room while you work, or even set them up with their own “office” setup. When my son was four, he loved sitting as his child-sized table, in the office, and working on projects — just like mommy.
This allows your children to ask you questions if they need to, and interact with you. It can slow your work down, but it's better than getting nothing done.
What are your tips for getting work done with kids in the house?
GD Star Rating
loading...
On 12 August 2017, First Lady Melania Trump publicly responded to violent events that had taken place earlier that day at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, by tweeting the following:
Our country encourages freedom of speech, but let's communicate w/o hate in our hearts. No good comes from violence. #Charlottesville — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) August 12, 2017
In mid-2016, Mrs. Trump had been the subject of fierce criticism for delivering a speech before the Republican National Convention which included passages identical in content and specific phrasing to an address given before the Democratic National Convention in 2008 by Michelle Obama. That event prompted a good number of spoof items posted online that played on the idea of various prominent political figures plagiarizing each other's words.
Shortly after the 12 August 2017 statement referenced above was posted to the First Lady's Twitter feed, another image began circulating online positing that Melania Trump had likewise taken those words (without credit) from a comment made by former First Lady Michelle Obama over a year earlier:
Although we can't yet absolutely rule out the possibility that Mrs. Obama might at some time have expressed something like the thought attributed to her here, we have found no record of her having done so (on 16 April 2016 or any other day) and suspect that this image is just a spoof of the earlier convention speech controversy.
Vince Carter is an absolute legend in the city of Toronto where he started his career. “Air Canada” – one of his many nicknames along with “Half Man, Half Amazing” – brought the city their first Rookie of the Year, first playoff caliber team, and never-ending highlights. Toronto Raptors fans should respect him for that. Vince Carter's name also carries weight in New Jersey, where the Nets resided before moving to Brooklyn. He led the Nets to deep playoff runs for two consecutive years. He is also beloved in Orlando after he helped the Magic reach the conference finals in the 2010 playoffs. In two of his three years with the Dallas Mavericks he aided Dirk Nowitzki in pushing the team to the postseason. Dallas is grateful for his services.
Now on his sixth team, the Memphis Grizzlies, Carter has once again found a way to fit into yet another team's system. He aided the Grizzlies in their second round playoff run last year, and will be with them in their playoff push this year. Assuming Memphis, who currently sits in fifth place in the Western Conference with a 38-25 record, can maintain their pace.
Also earning the nickname “Vinsanity” for his insane and revolutionary dunking ability, he was an undisputed fan favorite. Carter is known for scoring in bunches, and doing so in style. After 18 years in the league he owns career averages of 18.9 points per game, 4.7 rebounds per game, and 3.5 assists per game. His talents earned him not only a historic dunk title, but also eight All-Star game appearances.
But at the age of 39, Vince Carter is not the player he used to be. Last year for the first time in his career, his scoring averages dropped below 10 points per game and this year he averages just 5.5 points per game. With this, his shooting efficiency has dropped significantly. Certainly, his athleticism and incredible 43-inch vertical has also declined with age and he no longer has the ability to score 20 or more points every game, carry a playoff team, or throw down a handful of monstrous dunks every night out. However, with the Grizzlies he doesn't have to perform at that level. And what Carter now provides is perfect for the Grizzlies: leadership, flare, and timeliness.
The way he impacts any given game has changed. He provides an immediate offensive spark off the bench and he can still make plays that ignite excitement and passion in the crowd. And once in a while, he flashes the old brilliance or “wow-factor” that inspires flashbacks in anyone that considers themselves a true fan of professional basketball. Memphis hadn't been known to have much of those qualities. More importantly, Carter is a respected leader on the Grizzlies who know when to step up and executes his role with perfection.
What Carter provides for Memphis is vital. He has embraced the inevitable decline in skills and effectiveness and has still found a way to turn it into an advantage for the Grizzlies. It's always more difficult to adopt a new role that will help your team, than it is to keep attempting to carry it. “Half Man, Half Amazing” may not have won a NBA championship but he has fueled five different teams to the playoffs, and on each of those occasions he has perfected a different role. It's for these reasons that Carter's work with Memphis and his career as a whole has been so impressive. As his career winds down a deep playoff run with Memphis would seem a fitting end. This season we have watched Kobe's elaborate yet well-deserved farewell tour. Once Vince Carter decides it's time to hang up the shoes he should be afforded the same treatment.
EU leaders holding late-night talks in Brussels have agreed to relocate tens of thousands of migrants who have arrived in Italy and Greece.
Summit chairman Donald Tusk said 40,000 would be relocated to other EU states over the next two years.
However, there will be no mandatory quotas for each country.
The Greek debt crisis was also on the summit's agenda. Greece and its international creditors remain deadlocked after talks on Thursday.
Earlier, Mr Tusk called on EU member states to share the burden of the boat loads of illegal migrants who have crossed the Mediterranean.
‘Modest' plan
New figures from the UN refugee agency UNHCR show that 63,000 migrants have arrived in Greece by sea this year and 62,000 in Italy.
“Leaders agreed that 40,000 persons in need will be relocated from Greece and Italy to other states over the next two years,” Mr Tusk told reporters. “Interior ministers will finalise the scheme by the end of July.”
Leaders also agreed to resettle another 20,000 refugees who are currently outside the EU. French President Francois Hollande said he expected most of them to be Syrians and Iraqis, AP reported.
Details of where the refugees will go has yet to be decided.
The scheme was made voluntary after some nations in eastern Europe refused to accept set quotas. The UK also opted out of the scheme, using one of its exemptions as agreed in the EU Lisbon treaty.
Hungary, which has seen thousands of migrants cross its border by land, and Bulgaria, one of the EU's poorest countries, have also both been granted exemptions.
This angered Italy's Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who called the plan “modest”.
Italy has sought more help from its EU partners to handle the thousands of migrants arriving by sea, many of whom are fleeing war and poverty in countries such as Syria, Eritrea, Somalia and Nigeria.
More than three million people who fled the Syrian civil war are being housed in neighbouring countries–far more than the EU has taken in.
The migrant crisis has been high on the agenda for the EU summit, which opened on Thursday.
The final day of the summit on Friday is due to focus on security issues, namely the Ukraine crisis and tensions with Russia.
Meanwhile, the impasse in the Greek debt talks threatened to overshadow the summit, with two hours of unscheduled talks on Thursday.
Only once agreement on economic reforms is reached between Greece and its creditors–the European Commission, the European Central Bank (ECB) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF)–will the final €7.2bn tranche of bailout funds be released to Greece.
Counting down to the default deadline
Fri 26 June: Final day of EU summit, although Greece is not expected to be high on the agenda
Sat 27 June: Greece meets Eurogroup creditors in Brussels in effort to reach a deal or face default on a €1.6bn (£1.1bn) IMF loan
Sun 28 June: Absolute final deadline for a deal, says Austrian Finance Minister Hans Joerg Schelling
Mon 29 June: Day on which any agreed deal must be approved by Greece's parliament. German legislators also have to sign it off before funds can be released for Greece to start repaying its IMF loan
Tue 30 June: Greece's current bailout expires and it should have paid back the IMF loan. This may prompt the ECB to reconsider its support for Greek banks
Wed 1 July: Day on which country would be in arrears with the IMF if it misses Tuesday's deadline. If so, it would be hard for the ECB to continue any support it is still giving to Greek banks
EU President Donald Tusk said European leaders are pushing for a weekend deadline for a deal to be reached, tweeting: “Another Eurosummit is not foreseen. Leaders expect the Eurogroup to conclude this process at their meeting on Saturday.”
Cash-strapped Greece must make a €1.6bn (£1.1bn) IMF debt repayment by Tuesday or face default and a possible exit from the euro.
On Thursday, a meeting of eurozone finance ministers also broke up without progress on the issue.
It was the fourth time in a week that the Eurogroup had met in an attempt to prevent a Greek debt default. They will meet again on Saturday.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that meeting would be “decisive” in finding a solution.
IMF head Christine Lagarde said lenders had been presented with a counter-proposal by the Greek parties “at the last hour” on Thursday and needed more time to assess it, Reuters reported.
Also during Thursday's talks, UK Prime Minister David Cameron outlined his plans to renegotiate the terms of Britain's membership of the EU.
Mr Tusk said EU leaders should consider British concerns but “only in a way that is safe for all of Europe”.
Greece has refused to accept cuts to pension payments or public sector wages
The IMF is pushing for deeper spending cuts, not just more tax rises
A key point of friction is a special benefit paid to some low-income pensioners, which creditors want scrapped
Creditors also want a wider VAT base; Greece says it will not allow extra VAT on medicines or electricity bills, and has also resisted calls for VAT hikes on hotels and restaurants
Athens wants a concrete commitment to debt relief, something its creditors are not offering
Original Article
Share This
Wigan winger Ryan Colclough had a night to remember as he scored two goals before being substituted in time to see the birth of his second child.
Colclough had already scored to put Wigan 2-0 up at half-time against Doncaster, when he found out his partner had gone into labour.
He scored again to wrap up the 3-0 win and was brought off three minutes later - making it to hospital still in his full kit - where he was pictured with his new son.
Sorry, this content is no longer available.
"At half-time we got the message that his missus' waters had broken, his second child," assistant boss Leam Richardson said.
"As soon as he got his second goal he was off the pitch, because his head was somewhere else.
"We're all men, we're all individuals - some of the players wouldn't have gone, they'd be still in the dressing room now!
"Others want to get straight out to support their partner, and you respect every individual in what they want to do."
Michael Jacobs also scored as the Latics moved to within a point of League One leaders Shrewsbury.
Efforts to explain Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general have generally focused on how they are both a new form of money and a challenge to existing forms of money.
Cryptocurrencies are novel as they are only possible because of the ready availability of high-speed computing and networks. They are a challenge to today's currencies because of their decentralised nature, taking them out of national governments' control. Small signs that Bitcoin has filtered into the popular imagination include its appearance in US courtroom television drama The Good Wife, in an episode called “Bitcoin for Dummies”.
What has been given less attention is the mechanism that makes the bitcoin network possible, the blockchain. To own and use bitcoin or any other cryptocurrencies requires no knowledge of how the blockchain works. Nevertheless the concept is relatively straightforward. It is best thought of as a complete ledger of every bitcoin transaction ever made, of which every bitcoin user has a copy that is constantly updated as new transactions are made.
But this accounting analogy is something of a disservice; the blockchain has the potential for so many other uses beyond exchanging value that it shouldn't be ignored.
Smart contracts
Foremost among those pushing alternative uses is the Ethereum project. Although it also provides its own cryptocurrency, ether – it sold 61m ether in its opening sale this month, raising around US$15m – the project sets out to do much more.
Ethereum includes a programming language, EtherScript, with which users can systematically set out a contract in a programmable form – a smart contract. Current examples of smart contracts are digital rights management such as is included in some digital media files, which is a smart contract means of enforcing copyright licensing. Or software that automatically throttles network traffic to within acceptable limits is a form of smart contract to deliver and enforce service-level agreements between service providers and clients.
Ethereum smart contracts are notated in a form of logic similar to that found in typical contracts, and are programmed into the blockchain, where they reside, as binding, self-enforcing and self-executing statements. The use of the blockchain means that each contract is distributed across the network with time triggers agreed and written into the contract. As each contract is widely distributed there is no prospect of dispute at a later date.
Some may recoil from this mix of cryptocurrency, programming language and contract law, while others may see the appeal of a secure and unbreakable contract written systematically and consistently in a common (programming) language. Various controversial claims around Ethereum suggest it will remove the need for lawyers, or even the need for bankers.
Beyond digital cash
The immediately obvious applications for Ethereum are financial, so uses such as new cryptocurrencies and peer-to-peer gambling are those that are regularly cited. But disentangling Ethereum from its cryptocurrency heritage opens up still wider potential applications.
The Ethereum White Paper outlining the concepts and aims of the project describes how using the blockchain can be used to form decentralised autonomous organisations (DAO). In effect, any business process that requires trust and knowledge can be programmed into the blockchain as a smart contract so that it functions automatically and consistently when a small financial transaction is injected into it in order to activate the contract.
By becoming a DAO, organisations can benefit from the sharing of resources including computing power. Being distributed places corporate security in the hands of the network rather than any one individual. The principles of collective organisations can also be boosted with the use of the blockchain to potentially determine the outcomes of debates and discussions conducted systematically through the network.
While there are few practical examples yet, there are many potential uses. Using Ethereum's blockchain to define “prior art” could redefine how intellectual property included in patents is created and defended. In a similar way open innovation could become a more powerful mechanism by using the blockchain as an arbitrator that offers attribution of original ideas in the correct chronological order. The blockchain can also be applied to education, used to verify attendance and identity for exams held at remote locations. More ambitious applications could capture entire business processes and ensure their compliance throughout an organisation – the effects on running entire businesses could be as revolutionary as any claim to bring about the end of lawyers.
Just as there was enormous excitement with the realisation of what cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin were capable of, so too will there be excitement around the different applications for Ethereum. Bitcoin was the first of many cryptocurrencies, and Ethereum is just the first to exploit the blockchain in novel and creative ways.
Others are already arriving, for example IBM's Adept project takes the blockchain in an entirely different direction, putting it at the centre of a future internet of things. Here the blockchain is used to authenticate devices so they can communicate with each other, using the blockchain to store a record of devices that have done so. This would offload much of the computing-intensive processing required, meaning longer battery life for internet of things devices.
Ethereum and Adept, and those that will follow, could change the way we do so many things, redefining how trust is traced and recorded, and the ways in which organisations store and exchange knowledge and value. Watch this space.
Written by Patrick Howell O'Neill
From the Pentagon to some of the biggest companies in the world, bug bounty programs are de rigueur: Big companies pay big money hackers to tell them how to fix their cybersecurity problems rather than have the hackers use it against them.
The dark net is no different. Hansa Marketplace, a large anonymous black market which brought in an estimated $3 million in business in the last year, launched a bug bounty program this week with rewards ranging upwards of $10,000 (10 bitcoins) for people who find critical vulnerabilities.
Like other major dark net markets, Hansa sells a variety of products including hacked account credentials and illicit drugs. There are approximately 15,000 unique product listings on the site.
The program was launched in the wake of a high-profile bug found on AlphaBay Market, the dark net's biggest black market, as well as Hansa itself. One hacker told CyberScoop she found two bugs on Hansa: A Captcha bypass that allows for spamming and phishing users and an exposed database that did not contain sensitive information. Hansa offered 1 bitcoin (worth a little over $1,000 right now) as a reward, though it was turned down by the researcher.
Bug bounties have skyrocketed in popularity over the last seven years with the hope that hackers would be heavily incentivized to responsibly disclose technological flaws rather than use them for illicit purposes. Bug bounties are now a multimillion dollar industry, with full time “bounty hunters” as well as major firms, like Bugcrowd and HackerOne, dedicated entirely to running bounty programs.
Hansa's program formally launched on January 30 and has seen numerous non-critical and simple bugs already reported, according to Hansa administrators and independent bounty hunters.
The rise of bug bounty programs on the dark net comes after years of criticism for sloppy security in an arena where shoddy work can result in a prison sentence. Ross Ulbricht, the founder of the dark net black market Silk Road, is currently appealing a double life sentence.
OnionScan, software launched in April that scans Tor hidden services for security issues, has put the exclamation mark on the security woes that plague the dark net's persistent black markets. According to Sarah Jamie Lewis, the anonymity and privacy researcher behind OnionScan, told CyberScoop things haven't improved much in the last year.
“If anything, the landscape looks worse because of issues found by OnionScan,” Lewis said. “It seems like new hidden services with security issues appear faster than the older ones fix them. Apart from a few isolated cases, I've not seen any major changes in vulnerable hidden services fixing problems.”
Formerly a computer scientist for the U.K. Government and a security engineer at Amazon, Lewis sees bug bounty programs ultimately accomplishing little for dark net markets.
“The problems pervading onions [the nickname for websites accessed on the Tor network] are caused by bad assumptions at the software design level — the reliance on web technologies designed for an Internet without consideration for privacy. Bug bounties are only a patch, what we really need are new privacy-oriented software stacks, servers, blog platforms, etc.”
After being told about the bugs on their site, AlphaBay administrators paid a bounty hunter for finding and sharing the vulnerabilities. Yet AlphaBay doesn't have a formal bug bounty program, share how much they pay for bugs, or actively solicit new information.
Hansa's program is the first publicized long-term bug bounty program by a major dark net market — and it could conceivably be copied elsewhere. It's not the first instance of the idea being used on the dark net: Aside from Hansa's program and AlphaBay's individualized payments, extinct markets like TheRealDeal and Catina also offered the occasional substantial reward for bug disclosure.
However, bug bounty programs for dark net markets can only go so far. Many users fail to take personal security measures. Last month's leak of over 218,000 private messages from AlphaBay show that many users still send private data, like real names and addresses, unencrypted. Additionally, the lukewarm use of PGP encryption has been a persistent issue for half a decade since infamous dark net market Silk Road launched in January 2011. The reasons dark net denizens often skip PGP are the same reasons for most security-minded users: It's cumbersome, annoying and easy to mess up.
No bug bounty program will fix that.
Following last year's successful pilot, the French city of Grenoble is this year moving eight more schools to a completely free and open source stack. France's 16th largest city, is using Linux for PCs, laptops and servers. The city intends to have switched all schools by the end of 2018.
The switch to free software will allow the city to support a wide range of computer hardware, said Grenoble's Deputy Mayor Laurence Comparat. “And we have all kinds: new ones, old ones, mobile ones, laptops, and even home-built from spare parts.”
Ms Comparat talked about the project at the Adullact Congres 2016 in Montpellier, on 24 June. The city's school project is a reference case for Adullact's Agape, a software solution for managing OpenLDAP directory services.
Well-engineered
The implementation proves that Debian Linux enables an industrial deployment, said Ms Comparat. “The technology is very stable.” The pilot started with Ubuntu Linux for PCs and laptops, and Debian Linux for servers. “We've now switched to using Debian for the all devices”, she said.
The use of Linux on desktop seems to be well-received by pupils, said Ms Comparat: “No news is good news.” School staff and management have also accepted the motives for the switch. “So, our approach to managing the change is working”, she said. The city has made a booklet to introduce teachers to the new system.
“The only issues that remain, are technical, such as the configuration of proxy servers”, the Deputy Mayor said, adding that using free and open source had created a few hurdles regarding access to national educational solutions required by the Ministry of Education.
More information:
Adullact congrès 2016 website
Grenoble's use of Agape LDAP management tool (in French)
OSOR news item
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Authorities on Saturday released surveillance photos of three men suspected in the fatal shooting of a 24-year-old man at a gas station in Buena Park.
The incident began shortly before 10:30 p.m. Friday at the Mobil gas station located at 5989 Beach Boulevard, where Maher Yousef remained in his car as his passenger went into the mini-mart, according to a news release from the Buena Park Police Department.
Three men approached the driver, brandished weapons and demanded money, investigators said.
"A brief struggle broke out between Yousef and one gunman from the (driver-side) window," the statement said. "A second hooded gunman approached the passenger-side open door and shot Yousef in the head from close range."
The three assailants then fled the scene on foot, heading northbound, according to police and witnesses.
Officers responded to the location and found the shooting victim suffering from multiple gunshot wounds, the news release said.
News video showed Orange County Fire Authority paramedics treating Yousef as he lay on the ground near a black four-door sedan. The La Mirada resident was transported to UC Irvine Medical Center, where he died, police said.
According to investigators, evidence suggests Yousef and the passenger were targeted because they were employees of a check-cashing business.
Police on Saturday evening released surveillance photos showing the three suspects, all of them black men in their 20s. One is described as 5 feet 10 inches tall, with a heavy build. He was last seen wearing a brown hoodie, a checkered shirt, dark pants and blue shoes.
The second suspect is said to be 6 feet 2 inches tall, 200 pounds, with possible facial hair. He wore a striped V-neck T-shirt, jeans and white tennis shoes.
The third man is described as 5 feet 8 inches tall, with a thin build, wearing a dark hoodie.
Anyone with information about the shooting was encouraged to call the Buena Park Police Department at 714-562-3901.
“Just reading history about the fire lacks the visceral punch that her sister's shoes provides,” Valerie Paley, the society's chief historian and vice president, said. “She had another sibling, Helen, who also died, and her body was never recovered. But we have earrings, which were located in the hull, that the family believed belonged to her.”
The only remaining monuments to the General Slocum disaster are a little fountain at Tompkins Square Park and a slightly more prominent memorial (emblazoned with both an English and a German account of the event) at Lutheran-All Faiths Cemetery in Queens, where many of the unidentified Slocum victims were buried.
“Some have speculated that the anti-German sentiment of the World War I era clamped down on public desire to commemorate a disaster that killed mostly immigrants from that country,” said Greg Young, who along with Tom Meyers produces the popular Bowery Boys podcast, which is devoted to New York history. “I do think a more modern memorial should be considered, not just as a remembrance of the German presence on the Lower East Side but because these were New Yorkers.”
The General Slocum's sinking was the single largest loss of life locally until Sept. 11, 2001. Mrs. Wotherspoon, who was the youngest passenger saved and became the disaster's last survivor, was once asked, toward the end of her life, why this grim chapter in Manhattan history was mostly forgotten.
“The Titanic had a great many famous people on it,” she said. “This was just a family picnic.”
There was a variety of reasons for why certain people were opposed to instant-replay expansion. It was certainly an affront to baseball purists, who'd already had to deal with replay on boundary calls. Replay reviews would serve to disrupt the flow of the game, irritating observers and players alike. But maybe most importantly, replay threatened to slow down a slow game. Baseball doesn't exactly fly by at a dizzying pace at the best of times, and the game hasn't been in need of additional minutes of nothing. Baseball was thought by some a boring sport before agreeing to sometimes spend several minutes stopping the game to look at the same play over and over.
It's the middle of April and we have some early results. There have been nearly 70 challenges, and those games have lasted an average of 197 minutes. If you're not super good at mental math, that's three hours and more than a quarter of another hour. That's too long, considering baseball is supposed to be maybe three hours of programming. The easy assumption, then, is that replay is to blame. But while the current replay system could use a little bit of polish, there's also a lot more that needs to be said.
For one thing, it seems like replay is going to be selective, in part, for longer games, since longer games include more events, and more events means a greater overall likelihood of there being a challenge or two. Maybe what we should care about more is the overall league average. This year, games without a challenge have lasted an average of about 184 minutes. Games overall have lasted an average of just over 188 minutes. A season ago, games overall lasted an average of just over 184 minutes. Right there, you see an increase of four minutes, and the temptation is to blame replay. Without question, replay has been a part. But then, how do you explain what came before?
Between 2012 and 2013, average game duration increased by four minutes. Between 2011 and 2012, average game duration increased by nearly four minutes. Between 2010 and 2011, average game duration increased by nearly three minutes.
A quick aside: a week ago, I was watching a game between the Dodgers and the Tigers. The Dodgers were starting Josh Beckett, and at one point early on he locked horns against Victor Martinez. Martinez and Beckett squared off for a nine-pitch plate appearance, and in total the plate appearance lasted something like eight minutes. So it was nearly a pitch per minute, and though there was a runner on base, that's not a full excuse. It was the first inning, and it's April, and both Beckett and Martinez were wasting an awful lot of time.
Below, a chart, covering the last 20 years of major-league baseball. You'll see the average game duration, in minutes, as well as the average number of batters per game. One of those has barely changed, and one of those has fluctuated.
In 2000, the average game lasted 181 minutes. From there it went down, reaching a minimum of 169 minutes in 2005. Since then, the average game duration has increased by 11%, while pitches per game has increased by 3% and batters per game hasn't changed. If you ignore this season, then between 2005 and 2013, duration increased by 9% while pitches per game increased by 2%. The message is simple: replay has contributed to baseball slowing down, but baseball was already slowing down before expanded instant replay.
By coincidence, Ben Lindbergh wrote today about a similar thing. He mostly focused on Pace, which we have available here on the FanGraphs leaderboards. We only have reliable Pace data going back to 2008, and since then, starters have slowed down by a second between pitches, while relievers have slowed down by about a second and a half. I don't know the explanation for this, but there are a few added minutes right there, considering the number of pitches thrown in your average ballgame. It's cute and colorful that some batters are superstitious, and it makes sense that some pitchers might work more deliberately than others, but when you put it all together the players themselves aren't helping the game speed up.
The players make it slower. The replay makes it slower. Commercials and assorted other breaks make it slower. How do you speed the game back up a little bit? Figure there's nothing much you can do about ads. Replay isn't going away, and it can get only so much more efficient. Remember, the goal is just to get the calls right, and correcting a wrong call is worth a few minutes' delay. You essentially have to focus on the players, perhaps by enforcing current pace rules, and perhaps by introducing others. Baseball doesn't have to do anything dramatic. It's perfectly fine as a three-hour ballgame, but it would be a good idea to start enforcing some things to try to offset the replay delays. It would be easy enough to trim 5-10 minutes. It would be harder to trim another 5-10 minutes, but those minutes don't necessarily need to be trimmed.
And, of course, some people don't think pace of game is a problem in the first place. Those people are the easiest to please. It was inevitable that replay was going to slow things down, and that's what we've observed in the first few weeks. The system could be made to run smoother, and there are improvements I expect to be made in time. But the game hasn't slowed dramatically because of replay, and the slowing down we've seen only fits a pattern that, before, had nothing to do with replay at all. At issue is a question of efficiency. Instant-replay review is new, and it could be more efficient. The same could be said of the gameplay, which goes on a lot longer than a challenge review does.
Oct 9, 2017
​Ben Spies Working To Make Racing Comeback In MotoAmerica Superbike
Ben Spies (right), after winning his third consecutive AMA Pro Superbike Championship in 2008, with long-time Crew Chief Tom Houseworth (left). Photo by Brian J. Nelson.
By David Swarts
Copyright 2017, Roadracing World Publishing, Inc.
Former Superbike World Champion and three-time AMA Pro Superbike Champion Ben Spies, age 33, is working toward making a comeback in professional motorcycle road racing, in the MotoAmerica Superbike Championship.
After winning three consecutive AMA Pro Superbike Championships with Yoshimura Suzuki (2006-2007-2008), Spies rode for Yamaha's factory World Superbike team in 2009. Racing as a rookie on a different team, a different motorcycle, on different tires, and on unfamiliar racetracks, Spies took pole position at 11 of 14 rounds and won 14 of 28 races, earning the 2009 Superbike World Championship.
As per an option in his contract with Yamaha, Spies had the right to either stay in World Superbike or to move up into MotoGP for 2010; he elected to move into MotoGP and joined the Yamaha Tech 3 satellite team. Riding a Yamaha YZR-M1, Spies claimed two podium finishes and one pole position and earned Rookie of the Year honors during the 2010 MotoGP World Championship season.
In 2011, Valentino Rossi left Yamaha to go to Ducati, opening up a spot for Spies on the factory Yamaha MotoGP team. Spies qualified on the front row five times, finished on the podium four times, won the MotoGP race at Assen, and placed fifth in the 2011 MotoGP World Championship.
But in 2012, a series of issues, including technical problems and a season-ending injury to his right shoulder, limited Spies to five top-five finishes, 10th in the World Championship, and an end to his relationship with Yamaha.
In 2013, Spies signed a two-year deal to be a factory rider for Ducati and race for the Ignite Pramac Racing satellite squad, but Spies' shoulder injury never fully healed. Spies raced in the first two rounds of the 2013 MotoGP season, before sitting out to do more rehabilitation work.
Spies returned to action at the Italian Grand Prix but withdrew mid-event due to continuing problems with his right shoulder injury. Spies then tried to come back at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, but he crashed during Free Practice Three and suffered a grade-five dislocation of his left shoulder.
Spies subsequently had surgery on both shoulders, and months later, Spies and Ducati jointly announced that he was retiring from professional racing due to the uncertainty over the condition of his shoulders heading into the 2013/2014 off-season.
In 2016, Roadracingworld.com asked Spies if there was a chance that he would ever return to professional racing, to which he said, “I don't think so. If I even roll over in bed the wrong way my shoulder comes out of socket.”
Apparently Spies' left shoulder has recovered full function since then, and his right shoulder, although not 100%, has improved substantially. Spies' social media feeds are full of photos and videos of him engaging in water sports and riding dirt bikes, as well as racing a KTM 300 EC-W off-road in Texas State Championship Enduro Circuit (TSCEC) events. On October 4th, Spies posted a photo of his HJC road race helmet and Alpinestars gloves on Instagram with the message “Let's see if I can still do this…”
Roadracingworld.com reached out to Spies directly to ask about his Instagram post and the huge amount of comeback speculation it spurred, and Spies responded with a text message that read, in part, “Gonna go spin some laps and see where we are at and go from there.”
Credible sources say that Spies or his representatives have had discussions with multiple motorcycle brands in the U.S., including Suzuki and Ducati, about supporting his comeback to racing. Potential budgets were discussed, with Spies having already raised about $1.5 million from a backer. A serious program will likely cost more than double that because as of now there is no team, no employees, no race shop/headquarters, bikes, spares, equipment, tools, truck, etc. And until the needed money is secured, the chances of any U.S. motorcycle distributor committing to the program remain slim.
Asked to comment via e-mail, Ducati North America CEO Jason Chinnock replied, “It's our practice to not comment on speculation one way or the other.”
One potential partner in Spies' project is Tom Houseworth, his Crew Chief during the vast majority of his professional career, including his MotoGP and World Superbike seasons and his AMA Pro Superbike Championship years. Asked about the project, Houseworth replied via text message, “Basically a few important things have to happen before anything concrete is set.”
Another potential partner is three-time AMA Pro Superbike Champion Doug Chandler, who told Roadracingworld.com that he would step down from his position as Race Director at MotoAmerica if he was asked to serve as Team Manager or a partner in creating a team for Spies.
MotoAmerica President Wayne Rainey has confirmed to Roadracingworld.com that he has had discussions in which Spies expressed his desire to get involved with the MotoAmerica series, if the right opportunity became available.
Stay tuned.
FLORHAM PARK -- Quinton Coples is entering his fourth year with the Jets. So far, the former first-round draft pick, selected 16th overall, hasn't played like a guy picked in that position.
Coples has 161/2 career sacks. Last season, Pro Football Focus rated him 40th among 3-4 outside linebackers. The year before, he was 32nd.
PLUS: Where are all of John Idzik's Jets draft picks?
Coples' lack of effectiveness has been "a little bit" frustrating for 13th-year veteran Calvin Pace to witness, Pace said.
But Pace, the Jets' other starting outside linebacker, thinks 2015 will be a big year for Coples. (Pace starts on the strong side, while Coples is the rush linebacker.)
"Rome wasn't built overnight," Pace said. "Sometimes, it takes guys a little time to kind of get into their own. I think this will be the year for him. I think he'll be a guy [with] double digits [in sacks] or close to it. I'm not trying to put any extra pressure on him. He's got all the ability in the world. It's just [about] going to make it happen."
Coples' yearly sack totals so far are 51/2, 41/2, and 61/2.
Pace pointed out that Coples had to adjust to a new position in the NFL, too. In 2012, he was a reserve defensive lineman. In 2013, he moved to rush outside linebacker. It's been a rocky transition at times for Coples.
Coples has said that new coach Todd Bowles' aggressive, penetration-focused defensive scheme will allow him more opportunities to rush the quarterback. Pace believes the scheme -- as well as Coples' increased experience at outside linebackers -- will be big factors in Coples' production improving this season.
"I think with last year really being his first year truly playing outside linebacker, there was some learning curve, some bumps," Pace said. "That's to be expected. You're always a little bit better that next year, seeing how people are going to try to attack you.
"It's on him, man. Q can do it all. He can drop. He can rush. It's just about finding that comfort level, to know when to take your shots in the pass rushing game. I expect with our secondary, he'll have plenty of opportunities to get to the quarterback. At that point, it's just on him. He'll be fine."
Since the Jets' secondary this season, anchored by cornerbacks Darrelle Revis and Antonio Cromartie, should be able to cover better (and longer) than last season's depleted group, that means more time for pass rushers to reach the quarterback.
Coples has plenty of motivation to play well. The Jets have technically picked up the fifth-year option in his rookie contract. It would result him in earning about $7.8 million in 2016. But if Coples underperforms this season, the Jets can cut him, at no cost, because the $7.8 million isn't fully guaranteed until March.
Darryl Slater may be reached at dslater@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @DarrylSlater. Find NJ.com Jets on Facebook.
1 of 6 View Captions
Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Utah Jazz guard Alec Burks (10) during the game at Vivint Smart Home Arena Friday April 8, Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Guard Alec Burks. Utah Jazz portrait photos from Media Day to be used for the 2016-17 Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Utah Jazz guard Alec Burks (10) makes a three pointer during the game at Vivint Smart Home Chris Detrick | The Salt Lake Tribune Utah Jazz forward Joe Ingles (2) cheers after Utah Jazz guard Alec Burks (10) made a three Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Jazz Media Day. Alec Burks. Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Alec Burks joins teammates as the Utah Jazz opens training camp with media day for play
+ T -
Поделиться:
Андрей Шмаров попросил меня проанализировать это преступление. Пока вот что могу сказать:
1. Кому у нас позволительно стрелять в центре Москвы безнаказанно... Пока там ловят только эвакуаторов.
2. Кому насрать на камеры видеонаблюдения, только тем, кому позволено стрелять безнаказанно или тому, кто о них не знает, потому что недавно с гор спустился...
3. Если машины преступников не в угоне, их хорошо бы найти...
4. Тип оружия пока неизвестен...
5. Если биллинг переговоров ничего не даст, значит, среди организаторов убийства есть люди, знакомые с оперативной работой. А они явно есть.
6. Откуда заявления, на чём основаны, что за Немцовым тщательно следили?
7. Убийство очень похоже на убийство Анны Политковской -- в подарок лидеру к 1 марта.
8. Путин охарактеризовал это преступление почти так же, как и убийство Политковской.
9. Был ли Немцов личным врагом Кадырова?
В итоге:
Первая версия -- чеченское исполнение под чутким руководством с Лубянки.
Вторая версия -- (зависит от типа оружия) российские ветераны боевых действий на Украине, несогласные с политикой убитого. Но в этом случае их действия были бы более спонтанными.
Третья версия (конспирологическая) -- раскол в путинском окружении, и одна из сторон хочет окончательно дискредитировать его (хотя куда уж дальше). Если эта версия будет вбрасываться в СМИ, то только для того, чтобы отвлечь от первой версии.
Четвёртая версия -- бытовая, убийство на почве личной неприязни и ревности (полная чушь -- там должна быть армия любовников с чётко построенной организационной структурой).
В общем похоже на подарок с гор...
MJ Loved Basketball So Much, He Included This Unusual Clause In His Contract July 7, 2015 #behindthearc #nba By Chris Ternate Share Share Tweet Tweet Email With so much money invested in NBA players, it should come as no surprise that many of them have specific clauses in their contracts that prohibit certain activities. However, Michael Jordan had one specific clause in his own contract, one which could actually be considered a risk to his professional basketball career.
While you'd expect that the Chicago Bulls organization would specifically ensure that Jordan would not be injured physically, there was one activity 'His Airness' would never stop doing: basketball. In fact, MJ had a "Love of the Game" clause in his contract that would allow him to play pickup basketball. Here he stopped by Elmhurst College in 1993 to play a pickup game. ​ Share Share Tweet Tweet Jollitown Gameplays
SAN DIEGO (CNS) - San Diego police have released a composite sketch of one of two men being sought Tuesday in connection with the attempted sexual assaults of two women in North Park last week.
The first of the attempted sexual assaults was reported about 11:30 p.m. on June 17, police said. A woman walking alone on Meade Avenue near 33rd Street was attacked by the two suspects but managed to fight them off, and they fled, said San Diego police Lt. Mike Holden.
The woman described both men as Hispanic. The suspect whose sketch was released was described as about 23 or 24, 5 feet 7 or 5 feet 8 and as having braces. He was wearing a black shirt with a black and white checkered long sleeved shirt on top.
The other suspect appeared to be 28 or 29, 6 feet tall, wearing a hooded sweatshirt. He spoke with an accent.
The second attack was reported about 9:40 p.m. Saturday. A woman who had been walking on Lincoln Avenue near Oregon Street was knocked to the ground from behind and one of the suspects tried to pull off her clothing, Holden said.
She also fought back against her attackers and yelled for help until they ran off, Holden said. Neither the victim nor the two bystanders who came to her aid could describe the suspects.
Holden said police believed that the attacks were likely related because of their nature and other factors.
Police advised women in the North Park area to be aware of their surroundings and not walk alone.
Anyone with information about the attacks is asked to call Crime Stoppers at (888) 580-8477 or the San Diego Police Department Sex Crimes Unit at (619) 531-2210.
It says much about the draw of the Premier League that Watford were able to convince a Europa League winner who has also competed regularly in the Champions League to join a newly-promoted top-flight side this summer.
However, it says even more about the man heading up the project – on the field at least – that Jose Manuel Jurado chose to trade in the Russian Premier Division and a tilt at European football with Spartak Moscow for a battle against relegation with the Hornets.
It was under Watford boss Quique Sanchez Flores that Jurado won the 2010 Europa League with Atletico Madrid, beating Roy Hodgson's Fulham 2-1 in extra time thanks to a brace from ex-Manchester United striker Diego Forlan.
Jurado also won the UEFA Super Cup later that year as Atletico beat Internazionale and finished as runners-up to Sevilla in the Copa Del Rey. So what makes a player with that background join a club embarking on the Premier League for just the third time?
“Quique is the one who convinced me to come here. To join the project,” the former Spanish Under-21 international revealed last week. “But at the same time, to play in the Premier League is a dream come true.”
He added: “The project at Watford is about building for the future. It is something I was very excited about when I first heard about it.”
And Jurado has every reason to trust Flores after their success together at the Vicente Calderon. The two men have something in common from the coach's playing days, too. Both represented the behemoth that is Real Madrid.
For Flores it came after a lengthy association with Valencia before his career eventually wound down with Real Zaragoza. Jurado's spell with Los Merengues totalled just four appearances before he left Real to join city rivals Atleti in 2006 for €3 million.
“When you move to a rival team it is never easy,” admitted Jurado.
“I knew if I stayed at Real Madrid I would not get as many minutes as Atletico were going to give me. Atletico gave me the opportunity to play in La Liga which was my objective.”
Real are characterised by the way they discard players in order to make way for the newest ‘Galactico'.
But Jurado believes his time there served him well, even if the club's model made it impossible for him to break through.
“It is very difficult to play at Madrid, especially when you are a youngster because you know they have the best players in the whole world,” admitted Jurado.
“When I was there it was so difficult because of the quality players they had. Players like Zinedine Zidane, Robinho and Ronaldo.
“I was always training with them so when you train with them and look at what they do you always learn something.”
Gone are the days of Watford signing players who live out their careers in relative anonymity. Jurado is just the latest to arrive with genuine pedigree. Does that mean he is under pressure to live up to a reputation?
“Not so much pressure but responsibility,” he explained. “But that is something I like because it helps me to do better.
“I want to take everything I have learned in the last few years and bring it to Watford.”
The Post's Matt Zapotosky breaks down the unknowns following the FBI's announcement on Oct. 28 that it will renew its Hillary Clinton email probe. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
THE MORNING PLUM:
FBI agents have now obtained a warrant to examine the new emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop, and it now appears possible that the FBI will share more information about the new significance of those emails — or lack thereof — before Election Day. Maddeningly, we don't even know whether that will happen — sources are now hinting they may tell us more soon, but it's not definitive — adding layer upon layer of uncertainty in the final stretch.
But either way, some senior GOP strategists appear convinced that the new revelations — if that's even the right word for the news — won't shift the fundamentals of the race in a dramatic enough way to enable Donald Trump to win. With polls showing the race tightening, probably because disaffected Republican voters are coming back to Trump, Politico has a rundown on what these GOP strategists think this tightening really means and what comes next:
“I'd characterize it more as Trump consolidating some of the available anti-Clinton vote as opposed to Clinton's support eroding,” said GOP strategist Bruce Haynes. “Now the question is done people interpret this news in a way that raises enough doubts about Clinton's judgment to cut into her number. Because it's not enough for Trump's number to move up. Hers has to go down.”… “One thing that really hasn't changed is their ‘unfavorables' this entire campaign, hovering within 3-4 points of one another. And their ‘strongly unfavorable' have continued to grow: He's over 50 percent and she's almost at 50 percent,” said Ed Goeas, a GOP pollster in Washington. “Barring something like a true indictment of her or him being caught today fondling some woman, I just don't think anything is going to change the fundamentals, which favor Clinton.” “It's not just the electoral map,” Goeas continued. “The thing about polling is: polling assumes both campaigns are equal. You look at quality of surrogates, money raised, ground game — she has an advantage in all that. So you basically have to look at the polling and say it reflects the worst-case scenario for her.” “She was knocking on 400 electoral votes; that's going to slide back,” said Steve Schmidt, the GOP strategist who guided John McCain's 2008 campaign….Schmidt now predicts Clinton winding up with somewhere between 338 and 350 electoral votes. “It's just really unlikely that there is an undecided bloc of voters still weighing Hillary Clinton's emails. I think everyone made up their minds a long time ago on that subject.”
The early polling returns — and I stress that they are early — seem to support this general read. The latest Washington Post/ABC News tracking poll finds a dead heat nationally between the two candidates, but crucially, polling taken after the news broke of FBI director James Comey's letter is not statistically different from polling taken before it. A new Morning Consult poll taken entirely after that news broke finds Clinton leading Trump by three points nationally — unchanged from before.
1 of 60 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail View Photos The GOP presidential nominee is pressing his case ahead of Election Day. Caption The GOP presidential nominee is pressing his case ahead of Election Day. Nov. 7, 2016 Donald Trump speaks during a campaign event at SNHU Arena in Manchester, N.H. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Meanwhile, a CBS poll taken after the news came out found that in 13 battleground states, 71 percent of respondents either say the news won't change their vote or that they've already voted. And CBS also found: “Most of those who say they're less likely to vote for Clinton are Republicans, who are not supporting her anyway.” This finding also came up in Post/ABC tracking released yesterday: Only one-third of voters say the news will impact their vote, but the vast majority of those are Republicans and GOP-leaning independents.
Basically, two things can be true at the same time: First, the news might not make that big a difference. Second, the race actually is tightening, but for different reasons — primarily that Republicans and GOP-leaning independents who had drifted away from Trump were already coming back to him, because the awful headlines that accompanied the release of the sex tape and charges of unwanted advances have faded. This dovetails with the read of those GOP strategists above.
There are two other factors to consider, however. One might be good for Clinton; the other might be good for Trump. The first is that the news could jolt some Democratic voters out of complacency, persuading them that she might still lose, which could help goose early voting and/or turnout and perhaps get some who might have voted for a minor party candidate to vote for her, to keep Trump out of the White House. The Clinton campaign is using the news to try to make that happen.
The second big factor: the FBI might release more information in coming days. If there's something serious in the emails, then all bets are off. But even if the FBI says that most of the emails are duplicates and that there's nothing significant here, that could further rev up Republican voters who will be stoked into a fury. Trump will escalate his ongoing claims that the election is rigged by alleging an FBI cover-up. In this scenario, Trump will have gone from bashing the FBI as corrupt (for not originally suggesting criminal charges); to hailing the FBI's bravery in revisiting the issue (in the wake of the latest news); to bashing the FBI as corrupt again. Republican voters will effortlessly glide through these contortions along with Trump, and may be energized by such an outcome.
I stress again that these latest polling returns are early. We very well could see national polls showing Trump ahead in coming days. If so, don't overreact — remember, in a tightening race, some polls will be good for Trump. Keep focused on the polling averages, both national and in the battleground states. And watch the fundamentals outlined above by GOP strategists. Especially the early voting, which seems to be revealing a clear Clinton ground game advantage.
*******************************************************************
* CLINTON HOLDS SLIM EDGE IN EARLY VOTING: The New York Times does the deep dive. Some 21 million people have already voted; Dems are outperforming relative to 2012 in Florida; and lead in North Carolina, Nevada, and Colorado. Note this:
Clinton aides said they had created a battleground-state model that scores voters based on factors such as their likelihood of voting and their susceptibility to advertising. So far, among those the Clinton campaign sees as least likely to turn out — people who have skipped nonpresidential elections — Democrats are voting in far greater numbers than Republicans in both North Carolina and Nevada, and in slightly larger numbers in Arizona.
This is the key — getting out the voters who might otherwise not have voted. If this holds, it may mean Trump's “missing white voters” won't be enough.
* FBI GETS WARRANT TO SEARCH NEW EMAILS: Commenting on the news that FBI has now gotten a warrant to read the newly discovered emails, the Post notes:
Investigators will now look at whether the newly uncovered emails contain classified information or other evidence that could help advance the Clinton email probe. It is possible, though, that the messages could be duplicative of others already recovered elsewhere or that they could be a collection of benign, personal notes.
If that latter scenario does come to pass, Comey's vague letter to Congress will look even worse. The question now is whether we learn more in time for the election.
* FORMER ATTORNEYS GENERAL SLAM COMEY: Eric Holder and a group of other former Attorneys General have written a letter bashing James Comey's decision to alert Congress of new emails in the closing days of the election. Key point:
We cannot recall a prior instance where a senior Justice Department official — Republican or Democrat — has, on the eve of a major election, issued a public statement where the mere disclosure of information may impact the election's outcome, yet the official acknowledges the information to be examined may not be significant or new.
Not only did Comey acknowledge that the info might not be significant; he also said it “appears to be pertinent,” which essentially invited Republicans and news orgs to hype it to the skies.
* CLINTON LEADS IN NORTH CAROLINA: A new NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll finds Clinton leading Trump among likely voters in North Carolina by 47-41. And a new CBS News poll finds Clinton up there by 48-45.
The polling averages put her up here by 2.6 points. The question is whether this lead is big enough to withstand the new FBI stories. However: NBC finds Clinton leading by 61-33 among the 29 percent who have already voted early here.
* MIXED POLLS IN FLORIDA: A new Upshot/Siena poll finds Trump has taken the lead among likely voters in Florida, 46-42. But a new NBC poll finds Clinton leading in Florida by one point, 45-44.
The polling averages put Clinton up by nearly three points here, however, so we'll need to see more polls before confirming whether Trump is really ahead. Still, remember: Trump must win both Florida and North Carolina to retain any plausible path.
* CLINTON LEADS IN PENNSYLVANIA AND COLORADO: New CBS News polls also find Clinton leading among likely voters in Pennsylvania by 48-40, and in Colorado by 42-39. The polling averages put Clinton up by over six points in Pennsylvania and up by over five points in Colorado.
If Clinton can hold Pennsylvania and Colorado, plus Virginia (where she's also comfortably ahead), she probably only needs one more (New Hampshire, North Carolina, or Nevada) to win.
* RIGHT WING PRESSURE WORKS: Paul Krugman brings some key context to the debate over Comey's latest actions, reminding us that Comey was bashed endlessly for declining to recommend charges against Clinton's email set up:
Mr. Comey was subjected to a constant barrage of demands that he prosecute her for … something. He should simply have said no. Instead, even while announcing back in July that no charges would be filed, he editorialized about her conduct — a wholly inappropriate thing to do, but probably an attempt to appease the right. It didn't work, of course. They just demanded more.
Whatever Comey's real motives, now Republicans have indeed gotten more — a letter that said nothing about the actual relevance of the new info, but allowed Republicans to spin it into the false claim that a criminal probe has been “reopened.”
Share Pin +1 9 Shares
What happened to Whoopi Goldberg eyebrows? Does she or doesn't she have them?
Formally known as Caryn Elaine Johnson, Whoopi Goldberg is a popular comedienne, political activist, actress and singer-songwriter, among her other talents. She's a talented actress and each time someone mentions her name, one of the things that comes to mind are her eyebrows. Having no eyebrows is actually her trademark, besides dreadlocks.
Reasons of Whoopi Goldberg Eyebrows
So, does Whoopi have eyebrows?
Yes, she does have them but she shaves them off, according to her 2007 interview. But why would someone shave her own brows? According to Whoopi, her eyebrows are becoming itchy each time they grow back. So, she just shaves them off.
Having no eyebrows has become her trademark and identity. And some say that not having them could be the reason of her popularity and uniqueness.
However, in one of the answers from ChaCha about Whoopi's eyebrows, it is said that the actress is actually suffering from alopecia, which is a common hair disorder that would result in baldness. It would make sense if she had no scalp hair but she does. So, alopecia is not entirely a good explanation of why she doesn't have eyebrows.
Another explanation of this issue is that she's suffering from trichotillomania. It's a disorder that makes you out of control in plucking off your brow hairs. This might be true for her considering the fact that she shaved them off as they tend to be itchy.
Whoopi Goldberg and Alopecia
If you do believe that she has alopecia, then you might be thinking that she's only wearing a wig on her head. This means that her dreadlocks aren't her own hair. So, if she's indeed suffering from this hair disorder, then this could be the real explanation of why she doesn't have eyebrows.
Is it true that she donates her eyebrow hair to a certain foundation?
This could be another explanation of the absence of her eyebrow hair. There are several sources saying that Whoopi donates her hair to a foundation that she has established. It's an organization that encourages people to donate their eyebrows in order to make wigs for those who are battling pinky toe cancer.
Other sources also claimed that the issue is the result of a rare disease. That she's hairless and her scalp hair isn't real.
Medical Reasons for Eyebrow Hair Loss
Medically known as superciliary madarosis, eyebrow hair loss has a variety of medical reasons. This condition can affect one or both your eyebrows. It can also cause partial or complete hair loss.
Among the medical reasons of this condition will include autoimmune diseases, chronic skin disorders and infections.
It's important to identify the reason of the underlying condition to finally identify the real treatment of this illness. When treatment is identified, sufferers can now experience regrowth of their eyebrows.
However, if you're suffering from permanent damage to your hair follicles, your eyebrow hair will never grow back.
Chemotherapy
Another reason of an eyebrow hair loss is chemotherapy. But this isn't the case of Whoopi Goldberg since she hasn't undergone cancer treatment.
Some cancer patients who had to undergo chemotherapy would experience temporary hair loss, including their eyebrow hair. Drugs that are known to cause hair loss would include cisplatin, actinomycin-D and etoposide, among others.
Hair loss starts two to three weeks after chemotherapy begins. However, hair will regrow in weeks or months after completing the cancer treatment.
Hypothyroidism
This is another cause of eyebrow hair loss. Having an underactive thyroid gland can negatively affect the growth of your hair in your scalp and body. When you have thin eyebrows, it could be a late sign that you're suffering from this condition.
Besides thin eyebrows, other signs and symptoms of hypothyroidism will include chronic fatigue, constipation, weight gain and skin dryness. The treatment of this condition will include thyroid hormone replacement medication. This will also help in the regrowth of your eyebrow hair.
As for Whoopi's condition, there's no report of her suffering from this condition. So, it would be wrong to assume that her thin or no eyebrow hair is the result of hyperthyroidism.
Atopic dermatitis
Besides hypothyroidism, atopic dermatitis could also cause eyebrow hair loss. It's a condition that causes itchy patches of your skin. It involves the skin surrounding your eyes, which could lead to swelling and skin inflammation.
The soap and cosmetics that you're using could aggravate atopic dermatitis. When your condition is healed, eyebrow hair regrows.
Then again, there's no report about Whoopi's suffering from this condition.
Alopecia areata
It's a chronic autoimmune disease. In this medical condition, your immune system attacks your own immune system and the hair follicles causing inflammation. And yes, it will result in temporary hair loss.
Any site of your skin that bears hair can be affected by this disease. And this includes the eyebrows. Your eyebrow hair would grow back after treatment. However, it could be in a different color or texture than your normal hair.
Hansen's disease
Also known as leprosy, Hansen's disease is an infection that affects the skin and nerves caused by Mycobacterium leprae. It often affects the skin of the eyebrow, resulting in loss of sensation and permanent eyebrow hair loss.
Fashion
Could it be a fashion statement for Whoopi Goldberg? Artificial eyebrow loss is the result of plucking some of your eyebrow hair to make it look presentable or be in line with fashion. The use of dyes, tints and pencils could contribute to thinning of the eyebrow hair. When you continue to use them, it could lead to permanent eyebrow hair loss.
Repeated plucking of your eyebrow hair could cause permanent hair loss in this region. That said, it's only ideal to pluck your eyebrows whenever necessary. When you do apply brow pencil, make sure that you're not rubbing your eyebrows too much as it can cause your hair to fall off.
How about diet?
Having a poor or unbalanced diet could lead to hair loss on your eyebrow. Just like the other parts of your body, your eyebrow hair also requires proper nutrition for it to grow. If your diet lacks the essential nutrients, proteins and vitamins, it could lead to major damage to your hair on your head, including your eyebrow.
It won't only be your eyebrow hair that will be affected. Rather, your body hair will also be affected.
One of the most important nutrients that you must not miss is sulfur. If you're not eating enough of it, it could cause hair loss.
Growth on eyebrow region
Any unusual growth on your brow area could hamper the growth of eyebrow hair. Warts, for example, could cause a thick barrier in that region making it impossible for your eyebrow hair to grow. Other growths that could affect eyebrow hair growth will include moles, seborrheic keratosis and hemangiomas.
Fungal infection, too, could result in this condition.
Is there a cure for eyebrow hair loss?
Whoopi Goldberg doesn't have to look for a cure of her eyebrow hair since she did it on purpose.
Currently, there's no approved medicine or treatment for eyebrow hair loss. But there are plenty of successful ways to treat this condition. A hair transplant surgery is one of them. But, just because you're experiencing this condition doesn't mean that you can take advantage of it. It would usually depend on the cause of the hair loss.
For instance, if your hair loss in the eyebrow area is the result of alopecia areata, then the ideal treatment would be corticosteroids injections. If it's the cause of atopic dermatitis, it could be remedied by avoiding skin irritants. Bear in mind that cosmetics don't always work for everyone. If they don't work for you, you should immediately stop using them as the result would be less than satisfactory.
Eyebrow hair transplant
This is a type of treatment used to allow regrowth of eyebrow hair. Your dermatologist will make a minute incision using a small surgical needle. The new hair will be placed at the right angle and with precision in sites where the natural hair grows.
Hair regrowth may be experienced after a few months. Trimming may still be required when the new hair grows into new position.
The cost of the treatment is high. And if Whoopi Goldberg had indeed lost her hair on her eyebrows, she might have considered this treatment considering the fact that she could afford it. But she hasn't done that, probably because she's not suffering from a medical condition that would cause eyebrow hair loss. This means that she intentionally lost her hair in this region through shaving.
Eyebrow hair loss is no longer a problem these days because of the latest development in the hair growth industry. To alleviate the problem, doctors need to scan and determine the real reason of the hair loss. This way they could make a recommendation for the proper treatment. If you're suffering from it, properly taking care of your health and eating the right diet could help you recover easily.
Remedies that help eyebrow growth
There are also natural home remedies that anyone with no eyebrow hair can use. One of them is coconut oil. If you're like Whoopi with thin or no eyebrow hair, you could apply olive or coconut oil on your eyebrows. These oils are known to help with hair growth and it's a good natural way to grow your hair in that region.
Another remedy that Whoopi and anyone with no eyebrow hair could try is onion juice. It has been reported to aid in the growth of new eyebrow hair. If you do consider it, you should endure the smell of the onions on your face. It might not be too appealing but it's for your own good.
And if you really want your eyebrow hair to grow, you should stop plucking the hair. The use of brow makeup and plucking the hair could cause eyebrow hair loss.
Do you believe that her eyebrows are real?
Her eyebrows are real. According to news.com.au, she admitted to shaving them off. They appear to be gone because she shaves them continuously as they cause itchiness when they regrow.
If she didn't have eyebrows, she could just opt for a brow hair restoration or an implant. Or she would choose to have permanent brow tattoos but she hasn't done any of these treatments. It's probably her style or identity. It's a trademark of hers that some people don't understand.
She might appear to have no eyebrow hair. But when you look at her eyebrows closely, you would notice that they are thin and scanty.
References:
http://askville.amazon.com/noticed-Whoopi-Goldberg-eyebrows-eyelashes-hard/AnswerViewer.do?requestId=6728555
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk%3AWhoopi_Goldberg/Archive_1
https://www.quora.com/Why-doesnt-Whoopi-Goldberg-have-eyebrows
http://www.debate.org/opinions/do-you-believe-whoopi-goldbergs-eyebrows-are-real
Just hours after passing the very first bill of the new Congress on Wednesday — one designed to roll back a range of environmental and consumer regulations — House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wisc., celebrated with a corporate lobbying firm at a fundraiser for his campaign committee.
The vote on the Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2017 took place at 4:48 p.m. on Wednesday. The fundraiser, at the offices of the BGR Group, a major lobbying firm, started at 7 p.m.
The bill would amend existing law to allow Congress to repeal en masse multiple regulations finalized since the end of May last year. The law is believed to be aimed at rolling back a rule designed to deter mining companies from polluting drinking water sources, rules designed to curb hazardous methane emissions from fracking sites, and a rule that extends the threshold for overtime pay to workers, among others.
BGR Group represents Chevron, Celgene Corp, the Consumer Technology Association, Eli Lilly & Co., Gilead Sciences, Johnson & Johnson, Raytheon, Southern Company, and Xerox, among many other clients, and has helped a number of clients work on regulatory policy.
The high-dollar event had a $10,000 price tag for each sponsor of the event, $2,500 for each political action committee, and $1,500 per individual, according to an invitation obtained by the Center for Media and Democracy and shared with The Intercept.
Bridget Gribbin, a fundraiser for Speaker Ryan who helped organize the event, declined to comment, but a representative of the BGR Group confirmed that Ryan attended.
Lobbyists are particularly eager to use the newly empowered Republican Congress to sweep away the environmental, financial, labor and consumer-oriented rules implemented by the Obama administration.
The U.S Chamber of Commerce, the lobbying trade group for large firms like Google and Goldman Sachs, made the Midnight Rules Relief legislation a top priority. Other trade groups representing a wide swath of business interests, such as the National Federation of Independent Businesses, have also lobbied in support of the measure.
The first week of legislative action for the 115th Congress began with a thwarted attempt by Republicans to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics, an independent body that investigates misconduct, in particular between lawmakers and lobbyists. After a public outcry, the GOP dropped the attempt to weaken the office.
The month of October this year will be Open Source Hardware Month with the Open Source Hardware Association (OSHWA)!
Open source hardware is hardware whose design is made publicly available so that anyone can study, modify, distribute, make, and sell the design or hardware based on that design. The hardware's source is the design from which it is made, and it is available in the preferred format for making modifications to it.
Open Source Hardware Month will host three significant events in an effort to bring greater clarity to the open source hardware definition, invite more people to contribute to the movement, and provide education about how to publish a project or product as open source hardware. These events include the Open Hardware Summit, an open source hardware certification, and a series of documentation days.
The annual Open Hardware Summit in Portland, Oregon will be on October 7, 2016. Mark your calendars! Tickets to the Summit are available, and we're currently looking for speakers and sponsors. Documentation days are now open to any individual or company, and this is the perfect time to document that project you just haven't gotten around to. Follow us on Twitter or Facebook to stay tuned.
New open source hardware certification
At the Summit, OSHWA will launch the first ever (version 1) of the open source hardware certification, administered by OSHWA. This certification is designed to benefit at least two parts of the open source hardware community.
First, it benefits purchasers of open source hardware by making it easy to identify truly open source hardware in the marketplace. Projects and products obtaining certification and displaying the certification logo clearly communicate a commonly agreed upon definition of openness with customers and users. While certification is not a condition for openness, obtaining certification is a way to make it clear to others that a given project is open source hardware.
Second, the certification benefits creators of open source hardware. By giving creators specific guidelines, certification allows open source hardware creators to confidently declare their projects and products as open source hardware. Certification also allows creators to defend that declaration by pointing to compliance with specific criteria defined in the certification process.
Users will self-certify compliance in order to use the certification logos. Self-certification will give creators the right to use the OSHWA open source hardware certification logo. As part of the self-certification process, creators will agree to subject themselves to penalties for non-compliance. OSHWA will be responsible for enforcing those penalties.
The Open Source Hardware Association is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization dedicated to being the voice of the open hardware community, ensuring that technological knowledge is accessible to everyone, and encouraging the collaborative development of technology that serves education, environmental sustainability, and human welfare. Become a member of OSHWA today!
Hear me talk about the biggest songs on radio this week in 2001.
These right here were the 12 songs getting the most airplay on American radio the early morning of 9/11 ... before the attacks.
Just another day in 2001.
12> Start The Commotion - Wiseguys
Sample-heavy, big beat a la Fat Boy Slim... but not nearly as interesting.
11> Every Other Time - LFO
Bouncy 'lil number from the boys who gave us 1999's immortal classic "Summer Girls" (aka "New Kids On The Block hadda buncha hits... Chinese food makes me sick"). A strategic marriage of the boyband sound & the still-popular in 2001, Third Eye Blind/Sugar Ray/Smash Mouth style.
>>>CLICK HERE FOR THE OFFICAL MUSIC VIDEO<<<
(Video Screenshot)
10> Drops Of Jupiter - Train
A summer peaker - By this point, on its way down the charts.
Love it or hate it. It's become a pop standard of sorts.
9> What Would You Do - City High
Socially conscious hip-pop. The Black Eyed Peas would later appropriate this concept for their 2003 breakout hit, "Where Is The Love?". Therefore, I subscribe to the notion that Will.I.Am owes his entire career to City High... and Justin Timberlake... and the Fugees... and every dance hit of the 80's. And Fergie's rack.
8> Hanging By A Moment - Lifehouse
There's that signature Nirvana "quiet-loud" dynamic that was still rockin' 12 years ago. This was what could have happened had Kurt Cobain shopped at the Gap & used hair product. I dug this song.
7> U Remind Me - Usher
This may be my favorite Usher cut.
6> Someone To Call My Lover - Janet
Fun fact: "All For You" by Janet (Jackson) was the 1st song ever played on 96-5 Kiss FM. Yup-yup. THIS was the follow-up single. Guitar sound familiar? It's from THIS SONG RIGHT HERE. Could be wrong but wasn't this her final top 10 pop hit? Hmmm. Might have to Wiki that.
>>>CLICK HERE TO SEE THE VIDEO<<<
(Video Screenshot)
5> It's Been Awhile- Staind
You know what I just realized? Nickelback hadn't happened yet. "How You Remind Me" was about a month away from breaking. Weird. THAT's how long ago 9/11/01 was - BN - Before Nickelback. Before Nickelback there was Staind. Before Staind there was Creed. Before Creed there were Stone Temple Pilots & a host of other bands that had lead singers that sounded like they were messing their pants when they sang. Yeah... that "clenched teeth to create the illusion of having soul/great vocal skillz" was the go-to method for the greasy-haired (or flat-out bald), rocker types of the era.
4> I'm Real - Jennifer Lopez Ft. Ja Rule
Wow. This was before she was (requesting to be?) called "J. Lo". When the original version of this song was released as a single in the spring of 2001, radio's response was lukewarm. So they rewrote the song completely - added the then hot-as-irons Ja Rule & called it a "remix". Massive hit! I think my Mom liked this song. Haha. Or was that "Ain't That Funny"? Her OTHER Ja Rule collabo from awhile later? I forget.
3> Let Me Blow Ya Mind - Eve Ft. Gwen Stefani
Dr. Dre, bitches!
2> Fallin' - Alicia Keys
No song on this list reminds me more of the "9/11 era" than this one.
Very dark. Very New York.
1> Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) - Blu Cantrell
On September 11th, 2001, many "hit" radio stations ended up dropping the tunes & going all news or talk. But prior to 8:46am, no other song got more airplay that morning than this one.
When I talked to Blu Cantrell in 2003, I mentioned to her that her song was the #1 song on American radio on 9/11/01. Her response was not expected. Hear the details tomorrow on my special THROWBACK THURSDAY "Spreaker"-cast. I'll post a link here. Dun-dun-Dunnn!
Where was I on September 11th, 2001?
Listen -
(YouTube Screenshot)
... never forget ...
In this short tutorial I want to introduce you to those wonderful color blending modes that you have (in Photoshop for example) where two colors overlapping each other can create another color. I actually started out trying to recreate this effect with SVG filters. But then I found out that it be done with just two lines of CSS.
SVGs beyond mere shapes blog series
This blog is part of the SVGs beyond mere shapes tutorial series. It's based on the similar named talk. My goal with the talk was to inspire people to experiment with the norm, to create new ways of making a visual more effective or fun. Even for a subject as narrow as SVG filters and gradients, there are more things possible than you might think. From SVG gradients that can be based on data, dynamic, animated gradients and more, to SVG filters for creating glow, gooey, and fuzzy effects. You can find links to all the other blogs in my kick-off article here.
Color blending
You can create really wonderful results by using one of the 16 different blend modes(at the time of writing) available with CSS. When you use color blending, you want images that overlap each other to interact with each other, instead of one image only blocking the other. Below you can see some examples of using different types of blend modes.
These images are from the links to other tutorials all the way down below in the 'Code' section
Setting a blend mode on your SVG elements is very easy. Just set the mix-blend-mode CSS style of the elements to any of the 16 available options. You can do this in your CSS file or inline with d3. My two favorite blend modes right now are screen and multiply . The best explanation of what these two modes do that I could find are
multiply : as the name suggests, multiplies the base pixel by the blend color, resulting in a darker color. Multiplying black results in black, and multiplying white leaves the image unchanged.
: as the name suggests, multiplies the base pixel by the blend color, resulting in a darker color. Multiplying black results in black, and multiplying white leaves the image unchanged. screen : multiplies the inverse of the two-pixel colors. Screen is the opposite of multiply and using screen on white will result in a white image and on black will leave the image unchanged.
One important thing to note is that the background color will also be taken into account because the elements look at everything that lies below it (in the hierarchy from the element upward to the body). As is already said in the explanation below, this has some consequences: for the screen mode, you will not see anything on a white background and for the multiply mode you will not see anything on a black background.
/*Set isolate on the group element*/ . circleWrapper { isolation : isolate ; } /*Set blend mode on SVG element: e.g. screen, multiply*/ . circle { mix-blend-mode : screen ; }
Luckily, we can place our SVG elements in a group and then set the isolation style of that group to isolate , so the color blending will only take into account the elements in the group. I wasn't aware of this isolate property for quite some time and just couldn't figure out why my color blending experiments with screen were giving me a completely white browser window without any error messages visible ಥ_ಥ
In the animated gif below, you can see the results of setting the isolation style to either isolate or auto and playing around with a black or white background
Showing the effects of 'isolate' with either mutiply or screen blend modes
The images below show the same idea of what happens when you do or don't set the isolation style with multiply and screen .
The effect of setting an 'isolate' depends on the blend mode and background color
Examples
I was just looking for something with lots of overlap
I tend to use these color blending effects if I have cases of minor overlap. Lines that cross, circles that partially overlap. The reason is that, usually when I create a line chart for example, the categories representing the lines are equally important. Take the line chart below. It shows the average daily temperature in 2015 for 8 cities across the world. But why should Amsterdam always lie on top of New York or Cape Town, just because it was plotted later?
Usually you try to use opacities to reduce the effect of one thing lying on top (and thus blocking) of something else. However, especially for line charts, I don't want the line to be less visible when it's not being overlapped. Furthermore, even with opacities applied, Amsterdam would still be the color on top. Therefore, I give the the lines a multiply mix-blend-mode instead. In regions with overlap it is now not apparent any more which line is on top and I feel that it also usually gives the chart something “extra” I guess.
The average daily temperature for 8 cities during 2015
But you can also use the blending for circles, but only if you have the circles are partially overlapping. (not completely) Some of the true color has to be visible of course. In the example below, which is a completely random slopegraph of animals, you can see several circles that are overlapping. However, in the left example, the purple Giraffe is equally important as the red Deer, so why should the giraffe lie on top? Therefore, I apply a mix-blend-mode: multiply in the example on the right to make it less obvious which circle is drawn on top. Plus, I feel that it adds a nice touch to the visual.
A slopegraph with random data, without blending on the left and with a multiply blend on the right
This subject was the last one of the nine in my talk and that's why I made an example I can just look at for a long time and be mesmerized. And it gave me a nice background slide to reiterate the conclusion and point of my talk.
The example is heavily based on the wonderful particle demo of Sketch.js. I fell in love with it when I first saw it and really wanted to use it in my presentation. Because I already thought it was perfect I only made the changes to make it run in an infinity symbol (SVGs to infinity and beyond) instead of attaching it to a mouse. It also loops through several sets of colors and both the screen and multiply blend modes. Finally, since I was giving a talk of using SVGs in non-standard ways in d3, I had to adjust the code and make it work with d3 alone of course. Performance wise, not the better option I know.
I'm sure you can find other creative idea where this technique will be just what you needed in order to make your visual even more effective. Think of all the Venn-diagrams you can make!
The color blending makes a very big visual difference in this example
The Code
You can find the code for the examples used above right here
If you are looking for more information about all the color blending possibilities and some nice examples, take a look through this list
And a last gorgeous example of using the Multiply mode to make a rainbow flower
Behind-the-scenes bonus: For the hexagon slide that was the introduction to the color blending section of my presentation, I went through quite a few color iterations to see which would yield the most beautiful results
Trying out different color palettes with a color blend applied
SVGs beyond mere shapes blog series
If you're interested in seeing more examples of how SVG gradients or SVG filters can be used to make your data visualization more effective, engaging or fun, check out the other ±10 blogs that are available. You can find links to all of the blogs in my kick-off article here.
See also
During Monday's news briefing, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told a story in defense of the Trump administration's proposed tax cuts.
“Suppose that every day, 10 people — for our purposes, we'll say reporters — go out for beer, and the bill for all 10 comes to $100,” it began, winding its way through a gripping minutes-long tale of beers drunk and discounts distributed.
The upshot was this: If you have 10 people who are paying a $100 bar tab at the same distribution as our taxes are paid, the costs of the beers would be broken down like this, from the poorest reporter (1) to richest (10).
Bar tab
Four would pay nothing; the person at the top would pay $59.
If the owner of the bar then decided to cut the tab by $20, an even distribution of that cut, per Sanders, would look like this.
Bar tab, after cuts
Now a fifth person drinks free; everyone else pays less.
However, she says, those reporters would be mad. After all, the savings aren't evenly distributed! The richest guy saves $10, as below, but the people in the middle save only a buck!
Savings per reporter
As befits the Halloween season, the end of Sanders's tale is haunting.
“The nine reporters yelled at the 10th and made him feel bad,” she said. “So the next night, the 10th man didn't show up for drinks, and the nine sat down and had their beers without him. But when it came time to pay the bill, they discovered something important: They no longer had enough money between them all to even cover half of the bill.”
Spooooky. Also: Questionable rhetoric.
Sanders's tale was offered in defense of her boss's tax cuts proposal. Criticisms that the wealthiest Americans see most of the benefit are unwarranted, she argues, for precisely the reason that the beer-drinking journos should not look askance at the guy who's covering their tab. But what Sanders leaves out is what makes a richer or poorer reporter. Because Sanders is distributing the tax load among 10 people, we should similarly distribute incomes.
Let's say that, combined, those 10 journalists make $1 million in salary. (Lucky journalists.) If those incomes are distributed among the 10 drinking reporters, the incomes would look like this, according to 2016 numbers from the Census Bureau. (That data is only broken down into quintiles, so we'll pair up the journalists.)
Distribution of $1 million in income
These categories are themselves misleading, as the income distribution slopes up sharply as you enter the richest percentiles. If we had 20 reporters, the richest one alone would earn nearly a quarter of all of that income.
As it stands, though, more than half of the million dollars is earned by just two of the reporters. In Sanders's telling, those two would see $14 of the $20 reduction in the tab, 70 percent of the benefit.
Speaking at an event last week, budget director Mick Mulvaney raised the point that a reduction of tax brackets for lower-income Americans would also reduce taxes for the wealthiest, as everyone pays the same rate for the first $20,000 and the next $20,000, etc.
That argument in defense of tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans operates from a similar rhetorical base as does Sanders': that the value is in tax cuts broadly, not in reducing taxes for those who earn less money.
While it's true that cutting the tax rate for incomes under, say, $50,000, would mean that millionaires would pay less on that $50,000, there's not necessarily any reason to extend that argument to incomes above, say, $1 million — unless you also want to reduce taxes on the rich.
The journalists in the bar-tab scenario could certainly agree that, instead of distributing the savings equally, only the two people who make more than $500,000 a year combined would pay anything and that the other eight people would drink for free. Or you could even hold their costs steady and drop the eighth-richest reporter to chipping in $3, as below. No one else pays anything.
Bar tab, with savings distributed to less-wealthy first
I'm not arguing that this should happen, but it would be one way to dramatically reduce debt load for those poorer journalists.
By excluding incomes from her story, Sanders is arguing that the tax system is basically unfair, that the richest Americans are sacrificing for the general good without getting anything in return. In fact, they get half of all income generated in the U.S.
Whether it's fair that they then contribute the same amount to the bar tab is left to the reader to determine.
Gene Roddenberry would have been proud. More than 50 years after production commenced on Star Trek: The Original Series, his groundbreaking creation continues to live long and prosper. On Saturday afternoon, 6,000-plus fans filled Hall H at San Diego Comic-Con for the panel Star Trek: Celebrating 50 Years. Moderated by Bryan Fuller, who later showed a teaser video that revealed the title of the upcoming series to be Star Trek: Discovery, the panel featured William Shatner, Jeri Ryan, Scott Bakula, Michael Dorn and Brent Spiner.
Fuller told the fans, "I didn't want to be a writer. I wanted to be a Star Trek writer. So, being here today is a dream come true." He challenged the crowd to "think about the promise of Star Trek" and to consider "What we can all do to get there." Then he addressed the stars at the dais beside him. "They've represented the faces of the future," he observed, "for the 50 years of Star Trek."
For the better part of an hour, Fuller posed questions to the actors about their experiences on Trek and about the enduring power, societal impact and popularity of the franchise. He then opened the floor to fans who asked questions of their own.
Shatner was asked if, assuming Kirk's death could be "undone," would that resurrection interest him? "Hell, yeah," he replied with a pure Shatner delivery. Fuller, citing the TNG episode "The Measure of a Man," queried Spiner as to his thoughts on the state of the world.
Spiner said, "I think Star Trek in general has been about individual rights and about respecting everyone, no matter who or what they are. We're living in a world right now where that sort of respect is being challenged not only all over the world, but in our country. It's disturbing. I think a lot of our politicians and a lot of our fellow citizens could take a page from Star Trek and have more respect for humanity." Bakula said, "I continue to be hopeful that, even when it gets dark, we as a species will figure things out."
Next, a fan thanked the assembled talent for "bringing such a beloved and progressive show to the world, and then addressed her question to Fuller. She wanted to know how Discovery would pick up those threads. "The new show has to continue to be progressive," he said. "It has to push boundaries. It has to give us hope for the future." He also revealed that Discovery will be "telling stories like a novel," in what he referred to as "chapters."
Other anecdotes from the panel:
Fuller, while prepping got Discovery, spoke to astronaut and TNG guest star Mae Jemison, who told him that seeing Nichelle Nichols on TOS had inspired her.
A young man stepped up the microphone to ask a question and some in the crowd booed mildly when they saw on the screen that he was sporting a Star Wars shirt. "We can like both," the fan said, a statement repeated by Fuller. Ryan agreed, saying, "Inclusion. Gene's vision. Exactly."
Everyone offered interesting answers to a question asking about the actors' favorite bits of Trek tech. Dorn chose the PADDs, while Shatner went with the communicator and Spiner selected the replicator, a choice that led to a heartfelt conversation about just how unnecessary real-world hunger, especially in the United States, could and should be. Bakula joked that Enterprise didn't have many cool gadgets, but he shared an affection for the "glow in the dark blue gel" that the cast occasionally slathered on each other in order to decontaminate themselves.
And on it went, with plenty of laughs, thoughtful memories and more. Spiner and Dorn politely declined to do their infamous dueling Gregory Peck imitations, while Ryan addressed the difficulties of joining Voyager mid-run and replacing a departing character. Near the end, Fuller compelled everyone in the audience to hold hands as one, and he encouraged everyone to "make a promise to leave this room with love, to leave this room with hope." He also led a moment of silence for Leonard Nimoy and Anton Yelchin and all those involved with Trek whom we've lost over the years. And then, to cheers, Fuller introduced a video that revealed both the latest great Trek ship, the U.S.S. Discovery (NCC-1031), and the Star Trek: Discovery logo.
Though the main public event ended there, Fuller and the actors then headed into another room for a half-hour press conference, during which they were joined by Discovery co-producers Heather Kadin and Rod Roddenberry, and fielded questions from the media.
And that was followed by a short red carpet session during which they posed for photos separately and together, and fielded a few more questions from the journalists on hand. The highlight of the press conference was an expansive, thoughtful 5-minute rumination by Shatner on Star Trek's legacy which touched on dinosaur bones and the Greeks, a few of his books, Stephen Hawking, science fiction as mythology, dilithium crystals, an executive/Trek fan who lent him a private jet, and more, all based on a so-called "mere television show" that's lasted 50 years and counting, and has changed the world. "That's what the meaning of Star Trek really is," he concluded to extended applause from his fellow actors, Fuller and the assembled journalists.
Welcome to the first stop on the Road To Angular 2! The new version of Angular isn't as simple as the previous one. It introduces a lot of new, hot and trendy stuff, so you have to prepare yourself before reaching the final destination!
In this series we'll introduce you to:
Reactive Programming
ES6 features
TypeScript
Main concepts of Angular 2 apps
Integrating Angular 2 with Symfony backend
Today I'm going to tell you about Reactive Programming using RxJS, are you ready? Let's start!
RxJS – why? It isn't Angular 2, right?
Angular 1 is famous for its simplicity. It includes a lot of necessary features, so we don't have to use jQuery for XHR communication, for example. As a result, it doesn't force us to include external libraries. The Angular team has changed their attitude. Microsoft technology (TypeScript) and RxJS are included in Angular 2. As you can see, we have to get to know these technologies before learning our favourite framework.
Reactive programming is a subject important not only for JavaScript Developers, but also for every developer who wants to include asynchronous events into their apps. Rx isn't only for JavaScript. There are versions for .Net, Java, Python and many others. So, I'd like to encourage you to read this article even if you don't know JavaScript.
Let's dive in…
Callback vs Promise vs Observable
JavaScript is a language which offers a few approaches that support handling asynchronous events, so let me just remind you what the difference is between those methods.
If you feel comfortable with callbacks and promises you can simply skip this part.
Callback is technically a function which we pass as a parameter into another function, but what's more important is that it isn't executed immediately, but right after the parent function is complete. It gives us the freedom to manage asynchronous events as we want.
https://jsfiddle.net/q288pfb1/7/
As you can see in the example, we get data from the server using Ajax and we pass callback as a parameter. In the callback, we retrieve the response and pass objects to another function in which we insert some items into the list. Easy, right? Is it pretty? Nope!
Have you ever heard of callback hell? It looks like this:
It just isn't readable.
I promise that there are better places to live in than Callback Hell, one of them – for sure – is Promise Heaven!
Of course we can deal with callback hell but it isn't main topic of this article. You can read more here: http://callbackhell.com/
Most readability problems can be solved with promises. ES6 introduces the Promise object as an object in JavaScript. Before this, we had to deal with external libraries like jQuery which offered such objects.
A brief reminder. Promise has three states:
pending – when initializing object – “Hello, I really want to do something, I promise, but it can take some time, just wait”
fulfilled – after function has completed – “Hi! I finished my work and everything is alright, mate!”
rejected – meaning – “Something went wrong, sorry”
The same code, but written using Promise, looks like this:
https://jsfiddle.net/y9czkyoc/4/
To put it simply, Promise is an object which can be rejected or resolved. After fulfilling we can process returned data using the then() method. Promise is a set of callbacks under the hood. If you are interested in implementing it, I encourage you to read this article: https://www.promisejs.org/implementing/
As we are talking about Angular, promises are ubiquitous. When we want to get data using Ajax we use the $http service which returns… promise represented by $q object! Our Angular services often look like this:
http://plnkr.co/edit/rUmN1rwPA3795Hytw6R3?p=preview
When I sat down to Angular 2 without documentation, I was surprised that my then() function didn't work with object returned from http service. What is more, the construction http.get() didn't make a request. Then I realized that the returned object type is Observable.
Quoting the documentation: “The return value may surprise us. Many of us would expect a promise <that's the point>. We'd expect to chain a call to then() […] Instead we're calling a map() method. Clearly, this is not a promise.”
…and so it began… Angular 2 uses a special and trendy reactive way to solve asynchronous methods, which looks like this:
return this.http.get(thistechnologyUrl)
.map(res => res.json().data)
.catch(this.handleError);
Before I explain these lines of code, I want to describe what reactive programming means.
Remember React.js !== RxJS
Why does Angular 2 use RxJS? Are promises out of fashion?
A few years ago, web applications weren't as interactive as they are now. Only asynchronous action was used with the form submit button. Now the situation is a bit different. Often, we want to use many asynchronous actions at the same time. The answer to this problem is reactive programming, which can deal with it. In this situation, we have to change our thinking. In reactive programming, everything is an asynchronous data stream. What does this mean?
It's likely all of us have used an asynchronous data stream without even realizing it. Are you familiar with code like this?
object.addEventListener("click", function(){
// Do something after clicking
});
Yes? You often use it, and an asynchronous data stream is equal to such actions, but with additional features. We can say that this stream from reactive programming is an array which contains some values returned by a function over a period of time. As it is an array, it gives us a possibility to use the advantages of functional programming. Often, streams are illustrated like this:
On the top we have one timeline (representing the asynchronous data stream) on which there are some values generated by events. Below the top timeline there is a block representing the functions which, for example, map/filter this stream and return new stream with desirable data.
There are a few definitions you have to know before analysing the code:
Observer pattern – Technically, it is said that there are two types of objects: one of them is called Observable which sends signal/notification to objects called Observers. Observers can react to this signal.
In RxJS, subscribe is a method to listen (observer). The subscribe function gets 3 parameters which are callbacks. The first of them is called onNext and it is passed when value is emitted from Observable. The second one is onError which is passed when something goes wrong (for example status 500 from the server). The last parameter is onCompleted – it's passed when a stream finishes work.
A lot of people claim that Observables are “lazy”, but what does that actually mean? As I said at the beginning, I was surprised when I wrote http.get() in Angular 2 and it didn't make a request to the server. This is the difference between Observables and Promises.
I will illustrate it using a simple analogy:
Observables are like the guys who don't “talk” when nobody wants to listen. They are ready to talk as long as somebody is interested in listening. What is more, they're smart – and they stop talking when listeners signalise that they don't want to listen anymore.
Promises think differently, they have only one thing to say and they have to hurry because their lives are short, so they start talking right after they're born… ‘till they die. We cannot stop them.
Some code illustrating this analogy:
https://jsfiddle.net/wwLkvzbj/4/
Analyse this code and try to understand it. As you can see, promise started working at the beginning where it was declared, but observable started working when the first subscriber/listener appeared. Furthermore, values of observable change over time – different listeners have different values. Promise after resolve cannot be changed or cancelled but observable has these features.
If you aren't convinced of using Observable you can still use promises in Angular 2. Basically, they convert observable into promise, so would it make sense? Maybe in some situations. This code shows how can you do it:
return this.http.get(this.technologiesUrl)
.toPromise() // This line convert Observable into promise
.then(res => res.json().data, this.handleError)
.then(data => { console.log(data); return data; });
Should we use RxJS in Angular only for server communication?
There are some cases where we can take advantage of reactive programming. It is a good idea when have a lot of asynchronous actions over which we want to have full control. Imagine that you're writing a web IDE. You want to add autocompletion and hinting syntax. It isn't good idea to make a request to server every time you fire event keydown – requests will kill your server and slow your application. In this situation, people will be punished for their fast writing and your startup will be ruined. What's more, you plan to give clients useful shortcuts. There will be combinations of mouse and keyboard events (sometimes connected with request to the server). Using the traditional way you'll have to:
add some variables to control state
manually take care of timeouts and clear them
spend time to manage code properly for shortcuts
Reactive programming can help you solve these problems. Try to think how you would do it with and without reactive programming. It's a good exercise.
Conclusion
Reactive programming is difficult and it requires us to change the way we think about solving problems. The topic is so wide that I only managed to scratch the surface of RxJS in basic Angular 2 usage. I think the effort to understand reactive programming will be rewarded in the future.
Some recommended reading:
See you soon at the next stop, ES6 and TypeScript!
Dead Rising 4 marks the return of photojournalist Frank West in an all-new chapter of one of the most popular zombie game franchises of all time. All of the classic hallmarks of the groundbreaking series return, including a huge array of weapons and vehicles players can combine to combat the horde ranging from the practical – to the practically insane. Players will also enjoy ambitious new features including new zombie classes, EXO Suits, and 4-player co-op multiplayer. With intense action and an unmatched level of weapon and character customization, Dead Rising 4 delivers a heart-pounding experience as players explore, scavenge and fight to survive in an epic open world sandbox. Available this holiday on Xbox One and Windows 10. Smash and bash your way through the zombie mayhem while wearing these exclusively skinned X-Fists, a combo weapon for the Exo Suit. Get ready to deliver a mighty thump. Requirements: Frank needs to be wearing an Exo Suit to equip such powerful fists. Available in Emergency Shelter vendors (Story) and Vending Machines (Multiplayer).
Show more
https://youtube.com/watch?v=YPdjtTTzIE8
Harry Reid is the reason for the “dysfunctional” Senate, says Tom Coburn.
“The Senate is totally dysfunctional because it is now a U.S. House of Representatives with the Rules Committee of Harry Reid alone,” Coburn said on Morning Joe today. He complained that under Reid's leadership, senators' opportunities to bring amendments to the floor have declined significantly. Coburn said that only one of his amendments has been brought to the floor for vote.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Coburn said that the immigration-reform bill characterized the Senate's processes under Reid: ”What we have is people write a bill over a weekend, it comes out, and we approve.”
“I think it's the institution of Congress that is so void of leadership and principle,” the Oklahoma senator explained. “Everything's measured in a political spectrum rather than in a policy spectrum.”
Embattled U.S. Rep. John Conyers has no plans to resign amid allegations that the congressman sexually harassed several women when they worked on his staff, his lawyer said Wednesday.
Detroit-area attorney Arnold Reed told The Associated Press that the 88-year-old Conyers is going to fight claims that he inappropriately touched the women and that anyone making the allegations should be prepared to back them up.
Reed said Conyers is "innocent and will cooperate with any investigation that ensues."
"He's going to fight these allegations tooth and nail if he has to with evidence, with documentation, witnesses, whatever he has to do," Reed said. "And the accusers will have to prove up their case."
Last week, BuzzFeed News reported that Conyers had settled a complaint in 2015 from a woman on his staff who alleged she was fired because she rejected his sexual advances.
BuzzFeed reported that Conyers' office paid the woman more than $27,000 in the confidential settlement. BuzzFeed also published affidavits from former staff members who said they had witnessed Conyers touching female staffers inappropriately or requesting sexual favors.
A former scheduler also filed a complaint earlier this year, but later dropped it. The Associated Press hasn't released her name. And a third ex-staffer, Deanna Maher, said Tuesday that in 1997 Conyers undressed to his underwear in front of her and twice touched her leg inappropriately.
Reed said he met with Conyers, who was at his Detroit home Wednesday and mostly remained indoors before being driven away in the afternoon as reporters gathered outside the gated driveway.
Conyers' wife, Monica Conyers, told reporters that her husband is entitled to have the judicial process play out "before we start being his judge and jury ... and tarnish all of these years of his legacy for nothing."
Conyers first was elected to the U.S. House in 1964. He missed two roll-call votes late Tuesday and was photographed by a passenger boarding a flight to Detroit from Washington.
"It's very unfortunate to see him fight so long for so many people and to automatically have the allegations assumed to be true," said his son, John Conyers III.
He noted, however: "And of course, with sexual assault, women are to be believed. But in this instance he has no history of this."
Conyers told Reed that fears for his family over media coverage prompted his return to Detroit late Tuesday from Washington. Reed said the congressman will return to Washington when he feels it's safe to go back.
The House Ethics Committee is investigating Conyers, who announced Sunday that he would step aside as the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi pressured Conyers behind the scenes to leave the chamber, according to a senior House aide, who spoke late Tuesday on condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations.
Also Tuesday, members of the Congressional Black Caucus met with Conyers and explained to one of their founding members why he should resign, but stressed the decision was up to him, the senior House aide said.
On Wednesday, Rep. Kathleen Rice walked out of a Democratic Caucus meeting, saying the issue wasn't being taken seriously.
Rice said Pelosi spoke only "very briefly" about sexual harassment and focused mostly on efforts by female members to combat it.
"But let's talk about the big elephant in the room. That's why I was done with the meeting," Rice said.
"I don't have time for conversations that are not real, that are not going to advance the ball for all of us here in Washington, and I for one am not going to stand silent even in the face of pressure from leadership," she added.
Caucus chairman Rep. Joseph Crowley said at a news conference after the meeting that Caucus members "believe these are very, very, very serious allegations."
But, he said, calling "for a resignation does not actually create the resignation" and that an ethics committee review could "bring this to the forefront."
Three Democrats have suggested Conyers should resign: Rice, Rep. Earl Blumenhauer and Rep. Pramila Jayapal.
Monica Conyers said her husband was spending time Wednesday with family and that she was sure he would return to Washington, eventually.
"I don't know when," she said. "He's doing good. Right now, he's just hanging out with his family."
Conyers is among a number of prominent men in politics, entertainment and journalism who have been accused of sexual misconduct in the wake of explosive allegations against former Hollywood executive Harvey Weinstein.
Associated Press reporter Alan Fram in Washington, D.C., contributed to this story.
Both teams have blossomed into perennial Super Bowl contenders -- each possessing suffocating home-field advantages and star quarterbacks -- and with that success, the rivalry has only grown.
Though the Seahawks have been the toast of the NFC in recent years, they have been challenged by the Green Bay Packers every step of the way. Over the past decade, the teams have played some unforgettable games, with plenty of unlikely finishes. Both teams have blossomed into perennial Super Bowl contenders — each possessing suffocating home-field advantages and star quarterbacks — and with that success, the rivalry has only grown.
The Seahawks are 8-12 all-time against the Packers, most recently losing 38-10 to the Packers last December. With the teams set to compete at Lambeau Field on Sunday, we decided to take a quick trip down memory lane, looking at the top games and moments between the Seahawks and Packers.
Jan. 4, 2004: “We want the ball and we're gonna score”
This one will live in infamy, and for all the wrong reasons for Seahawks fans. In the 2004 NFC wild-card round of the playoffs, the Seahaws and Packers went to overtime tied at 27. Before the current overtime rules, the first team to score won. That's why Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck was a little overly confident when the Seahawks won the coin toss and elected to take the ball. The referee's mic caught Hasselbeck proclaiming, “We want the ball, and we're gonna score.”
Well, Hasselbeck was almost right. The Seahawks took the ball, but it was Green Bay who scored off a pick-six to end the game. Ouch.
Nov. 27, 2006: Shaun Alexander returns to MVP form on Monday Night Football
After missing six games because of a broken foot, reigning MVP Shaun Alexander returned to action in a prime-time matchup on Monday Night Football. Alexander didn't miss a beat, rumbling to a season-high 201 yards against the Packers as the Seahawks ousted Green Bay in snowy Seattle, 34-24.
Jan. 12, 2008: Packers 42, Seahawks 20 (NFC divisional playoffs)
In what turned out to be a fairly forgettable playoff game, the Seahawks were thumped by the Packers at Lambeau Field. Brett Favre and company picked apart the Seahawks' secondary en route to a 42-20 win. Shaun Alexander mustered just 20 yards on nine carries, and the Seahawks offense managed just 6 points over the final three quarters.
Dec. 27, 2009: Seahawks thumped in Green Bay
Seahawks fan surely don't have fond memories of the most recent time their team ventured to Wisconsin. The Packers rolled all over Seattle with a 48-10 win in this 2009 game, pushing the Seahawks to a 5-10 record in coach Jim Mora's only season in Seattle. Matt Hasselbeck threw four interceptions, and the Packers even let a guy by the name of Matt Flynn take reps in place of Aaron Rodgers.
Sept. 24, 2012: Seahawks stun Packers with Hail Mary on Monday Night Football
Does this one even need an explanation? In the words of Mike Tirico, it was “one of the craziest finishes you'll EVER see.” With the Seahawks trailing 12-7 and eight seconds remaining, Russell Wilson dropped back to the 40-yard line and lofted a ball to the left corner of the end zone. Catch? No Catch? That's all been debated ad nauseam. What is clear, though, is that this game was one for the books.
Sept. 4, 2014: Seahawks open season with a bang
The Seahawks opened the 2014 with a convincing victory. On a night where all eyes were on Seattle, the Seahawks soared to a 36-16 win. Marshawn Lynch rushed for 110 yards, Russell Wilson threw for two touchdowns, and Percy Harvin showed signs of what many thought would be a prosperous season in Seattle.
Jan. 18, 2015: Seahawks rally for “miracle” comeback in NFC Championship Game
Before this matchup, it seemed impossible to imagine a Seahawks-Packers game ending in more jaw-dropping fashion than the Hail Mary tosses to Golden Tate. The 2015 NFC Championship Game, in many ways, blew that out of the water. This one had everything from a punter (Jon Ryan) tossing a TD pass on a fake-field-goal attempt to the Seahawks recovering an on-side kick after the ball bounced off the chest of Packers' Brandon Bostick. In what will go down as one of the greatest Seattle sports moments, the Seahawks rallied from a 12-point deficit with just under three minutes to play.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption The prime minister has said Britain needs to be "more confident" about its Christian faith
David Cameron risks causing "alienation" in society by saying Britain is a "Christian country", a group of public figures has warned.
Author Sir Terry Pratchett was among 50 signatories of a letter to the Daily Telegraph saying Britain was a largely "non-religious society".
The PM said the UK should be "more confident" about its Christianity, a view No 10 says he has stated before.
Faith leaders have said they are "very comfortable" with Mr Cameron's views.
We object to his characterisation of Britain as a 'Christian country' Letter to the Daily Telegraph
The open letter's signatories included author Philip Pullman, performer Tim Minchin, journalist Polly Toynbee, philosopher AC Grayling and presenter Dan Snow.
Its lead signatory was Professor Jim Al-Khalili, president of the British Humanist Association.
The group said it respected the prime minister's right to his own religious beliefs, but said: "We object to his characterisation of Britain as a 'Christian country' and the negative consequences for politics and society that this engenders."
Image caption Sir Terry Pratchett is one of the signatories of the letter
"Apart from in the narrow constitutional sense that we continue to have an established Church, Britain is not a 'Christian country'.
"Constantly to claim otherwise fosters alienation and division in our society," the letter said.
'Multi-faith society'
Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the assertion Britain is a Christian country was "not factually accurate".
He said a YouGov poll found 65% of people questioned described themselves as "not religious", while 29% said they were. He said those people would have come from a range of faiths - not just Christianity.
Mr Tatchell said the evidence shows the is not a Christian country, saying: "We are a multi-faith society, we are also a no-faith society."
His claims come after figures released by the ONS following the 2011 census found that, despite a drop of four million in the number of people who said they were Christians in England and Wales from 2001, 59% of residents still described themselves as Christian.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Christina Rees, General Synod: "If David Cameron were a Buddhist... I don't think this group of people would be writing letters complaining''
Christina Rees, a member of the General Synod, the highest governing body of the Church of England, said she was glad Mr Cameron had the "confidence" to talk about his faith and was "absolutely right" to call the UK a "Christian nation".
She said the UK was "historically and culturally" Christian.
Farooq Murad, secretary general of the Muslim Council of Britain, said nobody could deny that the UK remains a largely Christian country with "deep historical and structural links" to Christianity.
He said "a sense of the sacred is to be cherished" but added that the UK would be stronger by "recognising and celebrating" people of multiple faiths and of no faith "living in harmony".
Anil Bhanot, managing director of the Hindu Council UK, said he was "very comfortable" with the UK being described as a Christian country.
'Incredibly proud'
In an article for the Church Times earlier this month Mr Cameron said Christians should be "confident" in standing up to defend their values.
The prime minister also spoke of his faith in his Easter message, saying he found "peace" in Christianity.
Downing Street spokeswoman referred to a speech made three years ago by the prime minister where he said the UK was a Christian country and should not be afraid to say so.
"He has said on many occasions that he is incredibly proud that Britain is home to many different faith communities, who do so much to make the UK a stronger country."
BBC political correspondent Chris Mason said Mr Cameron's comments could be politically "useful", coming as the UK Independence Party (UKIP) has been "emphasising traditional values".
President Obama delivered an impassioned and urgent plea in West Hartford, Conn., Monday evening for swift action, asking a state still shaken by the Newtown school massacre why there isn't more support in Congress for gun control legislation. (The Washington Post)
President Obama delivered an impassioned and urgent plea in West Hartford, Conn., Monday evening for swift action, asking a state still shaken by the Newtown school massacre why there isn't more support in Congress for gun control legislation. (The Washington Post)
New York Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, one of the nation's most committed and deep-pocketed gun-control proponents, is ratcheting up pressure on lawmakers by launching a new system to grade them based on their votes and statements on gun issues.
Mayors Against Illegal Guns, the nonprofit group financed by Bloomberg (I), will unveil a scoring system Tuesday to award lawmakers grades of A through F, much like the National Rifle Association, which has derived much of its power by deploying letter rankings against politicians at election time. The group's strategists briefed The Washington Post on the plans ahead of Tuesday's announcement.
“For decades, the NRA has done an admirable job of tracking to minute detail how members of Congress stand on gun bills. We've simply decided to do the same,” said Mark Glaze, director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns, which is chaired by Bloomberg and is made up of more than 900 mayors from across the country.
This is Bloomberg's latest move to establish his organization as a counterweight to the influential NRA and to create legislative momentum on Capitol Hill around President Obama's proposals to toughen the nation's gun laws.
Mayors Against Illegal Guns will start airing a 60-second ad on Tuesday featuring Neil Heslin, whose son, Jesse Lewis, was killed in December's elementary school massacre in Newtown, Conn. The group is spending more than $1 million to air the ad on cable news in Washington and on television stations in 10 targeted states, officials said.
View Graphic How the NRA exerts influence over Congress
The group is targeting Sens. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.), Daniel Coats (R-Ind.), Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.), Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), Kay Hagan (D-N.C.), Heidi Heitkamp (D-N.D.), Dean Heller (R-Nev.), Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.), Mary Landrieu (D-La.), Rob Portman (R-Ohio), Mark Pryor (D-Ark.) and Patrick J. Toomey (R-Pa.).
The group also this week will begin airing a new television ad statewide in Pennsylvania focused on Toomey, who quietly has been negotiating on a compromise on expanding background checks with Sen. Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.). The ad highlights Toomey's past statements in support of the idea and urges Pennsylvanians to call his office to “demand action” when a background-check bill comes up for a vote in coming days.
The group's new ratings system would produce a scorecard for senators and representatives that could serve as a guide for voters as well as campaign donors heading into the 2014 midterm elections and in future campaign cycles.
Glaze outlined a sophisticated algorithm that would weigh lawmakers' votes on gun bills as well as their public statements and other actions to issue overall letter grades.
“Not every member can vote for every bill, but if not, there are other things they can and should be doing, and we will have our eye out for those as well,” Glaze said.
A good grade could reward a vulnerable lawmaker for backing tougher gun laws, the thinking goes, while a poor grade would publicly shame a politician who votes against popular ideas such as universal background checks.
Bloomberg, the billionaire mayor, has said he would tap his personal fortune to finance television ad campaigns defending lawmakers who vote for gun-control measures and attacking those who do not.
Earlier this year, Bloomberg spent more than $2 million on an ad blitz for a special primary election in an Illinois congressional district to deny the seat to NRA-backed former congresswoman Debbie Halvorson, a Democrat.
The Mayors Against Illegal Guns scoring system was developed in part because major political donors who support gun control have been seeking guidance about how to direct their contributions in upcoming election cycles, Glaze said.
Some influential Democratic benefactors, including businessman Kenneth Lerer and technology entrepreneur David Bohnett, have warned publicly that they will not write another check to Senate Democrats who do not vote to expand background checks.
“The appetite for information about where members are is very high,” Glaze said. Of the scorecard, he added: “We don't intend that this will be a tree falling in the forest. We intend for people to have all the information they need to make sound voting and political-contribution decisions.”
The grading system is most directly a threat to Democrats from conservative states such as Arkansas, Montana and North Carolina who could feel compelled to vote against some gun measures because of the large number of gun owners in their states yet rely on donations from liberal donors in places such as California and New York to fuel their campaigns.
It is too soon to know whether Bloomberg's new and untested scorecard will have the same impact as the NRA's. For decades, Republicans as well as Democrats from more conservative states — including Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) — have campaigned on their “A” ratings from the NRA.
“The reason NRA scorecards are effective is that they have the weight of approximately 5 million dues-paying members and tens of millions of other supporters behind them,” NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam said. In a dig at Bloomberg, he added, “We'll take that over the purse of one billionaire any day of the week and twice on Sunday.”
Mayors Against Illegal Guns has been airing television ads in 10 key states for two weeks, and the results are uncertain. The group is trying to pressure lawmakers to vote for expanding background checks, but a deal in the Senate has proved elusive and many of the targeted senators have been circumspect about their positions.
“It is close to impossible to get a senator who is the subject of an ad to tell you whether it helps or it hurts,” Glaze said. “I think the proof will be in what the Senate ends up producing.”
Discuss this topic and other political issues in the politics discussion forums.
We have useless facts. Useless facts interesting facts weird facts facts smoking facts. We have the most useless facts and interesting facts. We have random facts. Smoking facts, tornado facts, abortion facts, unbelievable facts, incredible facts, useless facts, interesting facts, amazing facts. Neat facts, health facts, weird facts, and random facts is what we provide to you. This site was invented for those people who cannot get enough random facts, amazing facts, and interesting facts. Hooked on Facts.com is the World's first dedicated fact engine that generates thousands of random facts that are interesting, weird, amazing, unbelievable, useless, incredible, and even funny. We have weird facts, and bizarre facts. We have so many facts, we are considered to be the best fact provider in the world. Please send us your amazing facts.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
PUERILE animated comedy Beavis and Butt-Head makes a comeback tomorrow night, after 15 years, and their creator still thinks they're different from all the rest.
Exploding on to MTV in 1993, the creepy cartoon characters became a cult phenomenon, made the cover of Rolling Stone and were name-checked in Hollywood blockbuster True Lies.
Juvenile, gruesome and boobs-obsessed Beavis and Butt-Head broke ground as an aminated series dealing in adult comedy.
It spawned playground catchphrases and inspired a new wave of adult cartoons, the best of which are South Park and Family Guy.
But Mike Judge, 49, the man and the voice behind the despicable duo, still thinks there still isn't anything quite like his troubled teens.
He said: “I think that Beavis & Butt-head is more character-based than joke-based.
“I do happen to think it's very funny, and there are a lot of jokes.
“But it's not really ‘joke writing'. A lot of it is funny because of the way things are said, and the way the characters look, walk and talk .
“I would like to think the characters are pretty different than a lot of the other animated shows.
“There are shows like The Simpsons, Family Guy, King of the Hill (which Mike also created) – which are all great shows – but they're all about families, and Beavis and Butt-Head are not a family.
“So, it's kind of like this old school Three Stooges-style.”
The series originated from Frog Baseball, a 1992 short film by Mike.
MTV saw the short and the series ran from 1993 until 1997 with a film, Beavis and Butt-Head Do America, released in 1996.
The animation was rough, as was the language. The pair - Beavis, who wears the Metallica T-shirt, and Butt-Head, who wears the AC/DC T-shirt - sat on their couch making fun of music videos, most of which “sucked”.
The duo, both voiced by Mike, live in the town of Highland, Texas and are obsessed
with girls.
Butt-Head begins almost every sentence with “Uhhhhhh...” and ends with his short trademark “Uh huh huh huh” laugh.
He also had the series' best-remembered catchphrase – “This is going to be so cool”.
Mike got the name Butt-Head from two people he knew during his childhood: “Iron Butt” (who liked to encourage people to kick him in the butt in order to demonstrate his strength) and “Head-Butt”.
In 1997, after seven series, Mike decided to pull the show before he had “run it into the ground”.
But MTV hadn't finished and dogged him for years for a sequel to the film.
When the channel brought Jersey Shore to the world, MTV bosses thought it would be funny to see what Beavis and Butt-Head made of the real-life cartoon characters.
Eventually Mike agreed to give his famous destructive characters a reboot.
Mike said: “When I started watching Jersey Shore, which I got hooked on myself, I tried to figure out how to approach it.
“And when it clicked for me, it was cool to have them know the show inside and out, and just have fun with it. I think there's plenty of good stuff for them to watch now.
“I think I have a little bit of their tastes, too, like Sons of Guns and Jail – plenty of shows where they just blow stuff up.”
Beavis and Butt-Head gave Mike a $90million fortune and turned the characters into video games, action figures, fancy dress costumes and even air fresheners.
They have been referenced in Friends and in films like Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery, Clueless, Airheads and Jackass 3D.
“Hearing Arnold Schwarzenegger in the movie True Lies dropping the Beavis and Butt-Head reference was one of my favourite moments.
“True Lies was this big blockbuster movie, I was just sitting there, and all of a sudden, my little cartoon was referenced.
“That was really cool,” he said.
“Being on the cover of Rolling Stone was amazing. Another favourite moment was when I was in a park when the first episodes were airing on MTV, and people were walking their dogs past me. I heard one of them say, “You need to wash your dog.” And then I heard some other guy say, “Washing the dog! Washing the dog!” – quoting the show.
“I remember thinking how cool that was.”
How does it feel that Beavis and Butt-Head has become not only an American classic, but a pop culture phenomenon around the world?
Mike laughed: “I'd say that it feels good!
“I try not to think about that stuff too much, especially when I'm in the midst of doing the show.
“But it's always nice to hear that kind of stuff.
“And it's also cool because they're these drawings, and even though it's my voice, not many people know what I look like.
“I'm sure if you're a big actor, it could really mess you up being a big icon, but it's kind of nice to just have it in these drawings.”
For their comeback Beavis and Butt-Head will unleash their skewed perspective on today's society for 12 episodes starting tomorrow.
They'll be commenting on everything from music videos, reality TV shows (including MTV favourites Jersey Shore and 16 and Pregnant), movies, vampires and viral videos.
They may look the same but the world, with mobile phone apps and the internet, has changed since their 90s heyday.
For non-fans Beavis and Butt-Head probably seems infantile, badly drawn and easy to write, but Mike claims it's far from easy being dumb.
He said: “I'll find that a lot of the time, I'll be working with writers who are getting too clever with Beavis and Butt-Head who wouldn't be smart enough to say something like that, or about that video.
“It's kind of tricky, and definitely harder than it looks.
“A lot of people – especially when it first came out – thought, ‘Oh, that's a dumb show'.
“I've had dumb ideas, too, so I should be writing for this.
“And it's really not as easy as it looks. It is part of the challenge – even with the plots.
“They aren't characters that are like, ‘Oh, I have this problem. I will devise a plan and solve it'.
“It's kind of like Peter Sellers writing where things happen to him by accident, and you can never be successful at what you're doing.
“It's a similar process in writing.”
Beavis and Butt-Head seem a million miles away from the real life Mike Judge.
Mike was born in Ecuador to an archaeologist dad and librarian mum.
He played trombone in the Albuquerque Youth Symphony Program and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in physics from the University of California.
He certainly isn't a drop-out kid like Beavis or Butt-Head. Mike tried his hand at engineering, but soon found out he wasn't cut out for a ‘normal' 9-5 job.
Mike felt that he was not in control of his own destiny and started playing music full-time, while living in Dallas and raising a family.
His move to animation came when he went to a festival and saw a short made by a local artist.
Mike claimed he'd been interested in animation since he was eight and used to create flipbook cartoons in his spelling book.
The festival made Mike realise that anyone can make animated shorts, and that you don't need to have lots of money or connections to do so.
And that's when he began writing and drawing animated shorts.
Mike described the first moments of Beavis and Butt-Head.
He said: “It started as two drawings, where I was trying to draw the same guy.
“I tried four or five different times.
“It was supposed to be this guy that I went to high school with, who is actually nothing like those characters.
“One of the drawings eventually became Beavis, and the other one became Butt-Head.
“I just saw a quality in them that I thought was funny, so I just exaggerated that.
“I'd go back to my sketchbook and start drawing them again.
“I started making animated shorts and coming up with different ideas, so I looked at these guys and wanted to do something with them.
“I actually went for a walk, and thought of the names and what the first short was going to be.
“I came up with it all in five minutes.”
And Beavis and Butt-Head are still going strong more than 20 years later.
USS Narcissus sank with all hands in 1866 at the mouth of Tampa Bay
A Civil War-era ship that participated in one of the nation's most famous naval battles before sinking in the mouth of Tampa Bay is set to become Florida's 12th underwater archaeological preserve.
The wreck of the USS Narcissus tugboat off Egmont Key just north of Anna Maria Island "provides not only a fascinating underwater preserve to explore, it also offers a unique and adventurous look into our nation's naval history," Florida Secretary of State Kurt Browning said this week in announcing the nomination.
Built in East Albany, N.Y., in 1863, the Narcissus steamed south in January 1864 to support the Union Navy's blockade of Confederate shipping routes, according to a report complied by state researchers.
The ship was involved in operations from New Orleans to Pensacola, but its most famous engagement came during the Battle of Mobile Bay on Aug. 5, 1864.
The union fleet's victory at Mobile Bay captured a key Confederate port and lived on in popular culture thanks to the "Damn the torpedoes!" command attributed to Rear Adm. David G. Farragut as he urged his ships forward against an array of defenses.
The Narcissus was ordered to return north for sale after the war but sank in 1866 off Egmont during the journey, killing the entire crew.
Once almost completely buried in sand, the shipwreck reemerged in recent years about 15 feet below the surface, according to the state report.
A 2006 archaeological expedition reported "all of the steam machinery, propeller, propeller shaft, pillow block, boiler pieces, and a portion of the wooden hull were exposed."
State researchers also found a wide array of marine life living around the wreck, from stone crabs to goliath grouper and cobia.
Capt. Bob Eskew of Blue Water Explorers in Cortez has visited the site numerous times and supports efforts to make it a preserve, although he said there are better wreck diving locations in the area.
Eskew believes the site is primarily important from a historical perspective, and as a memorial to the Navy sailors who died when the ship sank. He hopes the focus is on protecting the historic resource and not promoting tourism.
Shipwrecks designated as underwater archaeological preserves are promoted on a state website. State officials also produce a brochure and a laminated underwater map.
Eskew has shied away from taking customers to the site without an archaeologist or "trained maritime scholar."
"If we took people there on a regular basis or without any sort of restriction there's a very good possibility that with dropping anchors or people trying to recover artifacts it would really take away from the wreck itself," he said.
A mooring field that allows boats to tether near the wreck without dropping anchor should be part of any preservation plan, Eskew said.
"That would concern me if the coordinates are given out willy nilly and there are no mooring buoys," he said.
An official proposal on the Narcissus preserve that includes "the site plan and ship's history as well as educational and economic benefits of the Preserve" must be presented to local residents and business owners for comment before the process is complete.
The USS Narcissus would be the second underwater archaeological preserve on Florida's West Coast south of the Panhandle. The Regina, a tanker barge traveling from Cuba to New Orleans with 350,000 gallons of molasses, sank off Bradenton Beach in 1940. It was designated as a preserve in 2004.
A woman was handcuffed in Covington, Kentucky after interrupting Mitch McConnell (Twitter)
At least one protester was reportedly arrested on Thursday for interrupting Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) while he was speaking at a closed-door Chamber of Commerce luncheon in Covington, Kentucky.
In video posted on Twitter, the woman can be heard calmly saying, “We want to talk to you. Please come face-to-face with your constituents and stop pay-to-play.”
Protester interrupts McConnell at a Chamber lunch in KY, quickly escorted out. pic.twitter.com/etgO463wsQ — jack healy (@jackhealyNYT) February 23, 2017
The woman was later seen in handcuffs being escorted by two police officers.
Dangerous protester at Mitch McConnell's chamber of commerce luncheon. pic.twitter.com/Uc8yibkSHp — dasvidanyaTrump (@dasvidanyaTrump) February 23, 2017
A second protester also interrupted the Majority Leader, but it was not immediately clear if he was arrested.
Luke O'Brien, 8, Faye O'Brien, 5, Rickard Donovan, 8, and Will Donovan, 6, at the launch of the Plan B campaign outside Leinster House yesterday.
Luke O'Brien, 8, Faye O'Brien, 5, Rickard Donovan, 8, and Will Donovan, 6, at the launch of the Plan B campaign outside Leinster House yesterday.
THE ANTI-AUSTERITY campaign group, Claiming Our Future, has proposed a €15 billion economic stimulus which it claims can work within the parameters of Ireland's bailout agreement and would not initially involve repudiating the country's bank debt.
Plan B was launched yesterday by the group being fronted by a number of prominent public figures including former Dáil candidate and left-wing activist Rory Hearne and the CEO of Barnardos Fergus Finlay.
One of the group's founders, Migrant Rights Centre director Siobhán O'Donoghue, has admitted that its proposals for the stimulus are not fully formed at this stage with policies being developed by Nevin Institute director Tom Healy.
However, it would likely involve accessing funds from the National Pensional Reserve Fund and using some semi-state companies to borrow money from international markets, she said. Some form of write down of the bank debt would also eventually be involved.
Plan B also envisages a more progressive taxation system that would involve taxing those with more wealth and higher incomes as well as protecting essential public services.
O'Donoghue, who helped found Claiming Our Future in 2010, said that the proposal was about building a groundswell of support from around the country: “This is a people's campaign, the people of this country have been sold a message that there is no hope, no future.
“Our objective is to start a national conversation where people are able to understand their options and know there are options and put pressure on our political representatives.”
The plan also proposes the much-talked about financial transaction tax which it says would raise €500 million annually. The government is strongly opposed to the measure believing it would affect jobs at the International Financial Services Centre in Dublin.
O'Donoghue says that the group's short-term goal is the budget in December and ensuring its interests are protected adding that people in the country have a right to demand an alternative to austerity in Ireland.
“One of the predominant feelings out there is the sense of helplessness, dis-empowerment, rights and choices being taken from people,” she said.
If we don't instill a sense of empowerment and belief in the people, who are hanging on by their fingertips, that they have capacity and right to make a demand that this society and government make decisions that actually give them a safety net then I don't know what democracy is about.
Despite the group claiming that their plan would fit within the parameters of the memorandum of understanding with the Troika, it has no plans to meet with representatives of the bailout partners to put forward their ideas.
“Our priority – because this hasn't happened – is mobilising people of this country to be part of that process (of decision making), to be part of conversations with local TDs, at parliamentary party meetings, in the media, on the airwaves,” she said.
“We need to force a national conversation about the direction this country is going in and absolutely bust this myth that austerity is working and is the only solution,” she added.
Rory Hearne speaking at the launch of Plan B yesterday:
YouTube: claimingrfuture
So San Francisco Giants ace Madison Bumgarner has dipped since the fifth grade? The NFL has its tobacco stories, too.
One quarterback in an NFL training camp is so self-conscious about his dipping, knowing his mother wouldn't approve, that he places a gold grill over his lower teeth to hide the nasty brown habit.
Former Bears quarterback Jim McMahon's smokeless tobacco use was no secret in 1984, but the NFL no longer allows players to chew during TV interviews or on the playing field. AP Photo/Charles Knoblock
While Major League Baseball has spent years trying to curb chewing tobacco use in its game, the habit has permeated locker rooms for decades in the NFL, which does little to address the topic despite smokeless tobacco's links to oral cancer and nicotine addiction.
Anywhere from 75 to 80 percent of the players in the Browns' locker room chew tobacco or used to do so, former Cleveland punter Spencer Lanning, now with the Denver Broncos, estimates. Two Steelers players say usage in their locker room falls between 65 and 75 percent.
"Some started in college, others didn't do it until they got to the pro level, but it's widespread," Lanning said. "I've never been on a team that didn't have at least half or 75 percent that did it."
Those percentages double the range gleaned in a 2014 Boston Globe report citing 21 of 58 Red Sox players at spring training (36.2 percent) admitting to dipping.
After two decades coaching in college and the NFL, Steelers quarterbacks coach Randy Fichtner has struggled to kick the habit. He hasn't suffered any health issues yet but knows he could.
Former Browns punter Spencer Lanning says around three-quarters of the team's players used chewing tobacco. Ken Blaze/USA TODAY Sports
"I've rode that roller coaster before, and I'm probably not very nice to be around when I [try to quit]," Fichtner said. "It's not anything I'm proud of. ... It's a habit. I'm going to get up, I'm going to take a shower, go to a meeting, first thing you do [is thrown in a dip]."
Approach to tobacco: MLB vs. NFL
With baseball, tobacco is full frontal. Fans can see the players using during games. The death of Tony Gwynn, a longtime dipper who suffered from salivary gland cancer, has raised awareness about the long-term effects. Smokeless tobacco users absorb more nicotine than cigarette smokers, according to several medical websites, which also cite dehydration, gum disease, tooth decay and links to cardiovascular diseases as risks.
MLB feels that pressure. Smokeless tobacco use has been prohibited in the minor leagues since 1993. The city of San Francisco passed a law in May banning smokeless tobacco in the city's sporting venues, including AT&T Park, Bumgarner's home field. Boston Mayor Marty Walsh recently proposed a similar ban for his city.
In football, though, tobacco is reserved mostly for meeting rooms and corners of locker rooms, a stimulant to aid concentration during a boring day of film work and walk-throughs, players say.
Madison Bumgarner can't dip during home games after San Francisco passed a law banning smokeless tobacco at the city's athletic venues. Lachlan Cunningham/Getty Images
While MLB in 2011 proposed a tobacco ban (players shot it down) and strongly discourages clubhouse attendants from purchasing tobacco for players, the NFL doesn't manage its use at team facilities.
"I don't think the NFL cares much because it's all done behind the scenes," said Phillip Daniels, a defensive end with the Seahawks, Bears and Redskins from 1996 to 2010. "It's not a PR issue."
Dipping has been a part of NFL culture since at least 1980, when former Houston Oilers running back Earl Campbell promoted Skoal in a commercial shot on a beach.
The NFL does have two rules when it comes to players using smokeless tobacco -- don't do it on the playing field or while conducting television interviews. The Bills found this out in November when CBS cameras caught Kyle Orton on the sideline sliding a wad of dip into his mouth during the latter stages of a 26-10 win over the Browns. The clip made the social media rounds for a few days, and the NFL had to address the matter with the Bills, who won't comment on whether the league levied a punishment as a result.
The NFL denied interview requests with league officials on player health as it relates to tobacco. Three teams were unresponsive to requests for team trainers. An NFL spokesman said players receive education about league policies relevant to them at the NFL's rookie symposium or at annual information sessions at training camp.
Chewing is part of the game, former Browns general manager Phil Savage said -- "from high-profile coaches down to low-level staffers."
The Bills won't say if the NFL penalized them after Kyle Orton was caught on camera last year putting a dip into his mouth on the sideline during a November game. AP Photo/Joe Mahoney
Former NFL general manager and recent Hall of Fame inductee Bill Polian doesn't go that far, because he has seen teams stop supplying tobacco to players over the past 15 years because of health concerns.
"It's around, but I wouldn't say it's as prevalent [as baseball]," Polian said.
Why and how it's used in the NFL
When walking through several NFL locker rooms in recent years, it's been noticeable that some of the game's elite athletes -- running backs with sub-4.4 speed, for example -- will chew before or after practice.
Skoal, Grizzly and Copenhagen are the primary brands used, and players trade them like kids with baseball cards.
Many current players with a dipping habit are aware of the stigma attached to it and as a result don't want to be interviewed on the record about tobacco. One NFC head team trainer scoffed at the idea, calling tobacco use in the NFL a "non-story."
But Daniels said he has been on teams with which trainers ask players for tobacco, and vice versa.
"Spit cups are everywhere," Daniels said. "It's gross. Guys know they have to quit eventually or they'll have serious problems. I've never seen players being warned by a trainer to not use it because of the health risks."
Retired defensive end Phillip Daniels says he didn't see team trainers discouraging smokeless tobacco use during his 14-season career. AP Photo/Nick Wass
Tobacco can help break up a monotonous NFL day. Players have meetings leading up to a walk-through -- which is really a "glorified meeting," Lanning says -- followed by post-practice meetings to break down what just happened on the field. About four to five hours on Wednesday or Thursday of a game week are spent sitting in a meeting room.
Steelers outside linebacker Jarvis Jones realized that routine was more challenging without the incentive of playing every week when a wrist injury sidelined him for nine games in 2014. Using tobacco pouches was "my way of coping" with the injury, Jones said. It helped keep him alert. Jones doesn't drink coffee, so this was a substitute.
"When I leave the facility, I don't use it," said Jones, who prefers "pouches, not the full-blown snuff."
"A lot of [players] use it."
Tobacco use isn't a way for players to bond, Lanning said, but "literally just something to do."
'They can't micromanage everything'
The risks aren't going away, which is why Fichtner monitors his son, who plays baseball at Memphis, where many players dip. His son does not. Fichtner would like to keep it that way.
Steeler quarterbacks coach Randy Fichtner, shown watching Ben Roethlisberger, has struggled to kick his tobacco habit. AP Photo/Keith Srakocic
If a player asks Fichtner to share tobacco, he says no. But he remembers the days when NFL teams kept tobacco in the refrigerator for players and coaches to grab.
"I wouldn't support it or tell these cats to do it because it's not healthy for them," Fichtner said. "But a lot of guys don't drink or drink coffee during the season, so maybe they feel this helps them, gives them a pick-me-up."
Players who don't know the risks are ignorant, Lanning said.
"You will have problems. They full-on accept that possibility," Lanning said. "[The NFL] doesn't talk to us about drinking alcohol. They can't micromanage everything. To me, alcohol kills way more people than tobacco."
But Daniels has known former teammates who had difficulty quitting after their careers ended, which worries him.
"With all the lawsuits that are out there, eventually maybe something like this could be an issue if a high-profile player has a problem," Daniels said.
Any fan of Andrew McMahon knows that since day 1, he has been revered for his lyricism. His ability to take emotions and experiences common to all of us and represent them via an intricate lyrical riddle left to be solved through deep and thoughtful analysis, or perhaps a two-word exclamatory phrase directed at some guy from high school, makes him accessible to everyone. As one friend put it: “…he does this thing where he buries beautiful, poignant lines in the midst of a song in a totally unassuming way.”
So that got me thinking. Given that Milk Crater is partnered with Dear Jack Foundation, founded by Andrew McMahon and dedicated to helping young adults and adolescents diagnosed with cancer, I thought it would be interesting to reach out to his fans to find out which of his lyrics resonated most with them. Some provided background stories, some did not, but all of them had me putting on my tightest jeans and listening to Andrew's entire discography start to finish.
Make sure to check out the playlist featuring all of the quoted songs at the end of the post.
“Sometimes when I'm falling in my dreams, I can feel you falling next to me.” – Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness “Rainy Girl”
“I'm a long-time Andrew fan, but nothing he's ever written hit me the way Rainy Girl did one overcast morning in San Francisco. I was exhausted and worn down, but Rainy Girl gave me a bit of hope that day. And tears. There were lots of tears.” – u/welostmagic
“It's like I wrote, every note with my own fingers.” – Jack's Mannequin “The Mixed Tape”
“I met my now fiancé in college a few months before I went to study abroad in Italy. Although we weren't dating at the time, we connected over music, and this song and these lyrics specifically always reminded me of him and the time during finals week when we stayed up until 2am sharing songs instead of studying for our exams the next day.” – Lauren S. “This world can be ugly, but isn't it beautiful?” – Jack's Mannequin “There, There Katie” – u/daughterofair
“Some days all I do is watch the sky” – Something Corporate “Watch the Sky”
“I had him write ‘watch the sky' for me and had it tattooed on my wrist. Kind of a reminder not to give up when things feel like they won't get better.” – u/JohnR831 “These nights I get high just from breathing. When I lie here with you, I'm sure that I'm real, like that firework over the freeway. I could stay here all day, but that's not how you feel.” – Something Corporate “Walking By”
“One of his most beautiful songs.” – u/noooorasaurus
“And we won't wake up on Sunday, so I'm building us a church, where we can sleep in, with the gods at work. And our friends will write us letters. They'll never understand why we don't call. We're hiding out until the empire falls. Let it fall. I get the feeling we're so misdirected. I get the feeling we have lost control. Til then, I'll turn you to the new religion. We're dropping out into the so unknown.” – Jack's Mannequin “Drop Out – The So Unknown”
“I've only heard him play it once. It's clever and to me captures the feeling of a relationship really well. It speaks to the excitement, but also fragility. I'm not sure exactly how he intended it to be, but I love the song and think it's a great analogue to a relationship.” – u/eatscheerios
“Smell the gas burn, saw your street sign, doing 80 in a 45, throwing shadows you could hear if you listen.” – Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness “High Dive”
“I really like his use of imagery here. And can the shadows be heard just because he is moving so quickly, or does he mean that the ‘you' isn't catching on to the insecurities he is trying to convey without speaking the words?” – Anonymous
“I'm here 'til close with fingers crossed each night ‘cuz your place isn't far.” – Jack's Mannequin “Bruised”
“Well, its relevance pops up when I'm in a post-breakup funk. I have a hard time giving up and letting go, figuring out when I've tried enough. I relate to the sense of longing. -u/upandoutward
“The darker the secret, the harder you'll keep it.” – Jack's Mannequin “At Full Speed”
“This one always seems to hit me. Sometimes no one can ever know what your feelings or thoughts are.” – u/JohnR831
“There's a fighter somewhere underneath this skin and bones.” – Jack's Mannequin “Cell Phone”
-u/TotallyNotAChick
“And when the rain comes, it'll fall and that's okay. And when the sun comes out, it's gonna be a beautiful day.” – Jack's Mannequin “Lonely For Her”
-u/bcarlson9
“You've got a choice, I've got the hands. Skeleton and plans, you've got to let them go.” – Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness “All Our Lives”
“I like the way he is essentially saying ‘live right now.' Let go of your skeletons and forget about the plans you made, because you have no idea what's coming up around the bend. A great reminder to relax and enjoy life a bit more.” -Anonymous
“F**k Yeah! We can live like this.” – Jack's Mannequin “Holiday From Real”
“Honestly, I was 14 and it said ‘f**k'. But also at a time where I was having some anxiety, it helped me feel satisfied with where I was in life.” -Sam B
“There are sweet fluorescent enemies that live inside of me.” – Something Corporate “Hurricane”
“Because it can go 1 of 2 ways depending on what a person would consider an enemy. Having a sweet fluorescent enemy is a strange description. The fluorescence, to me, signifies the inner enemy has life. Life is generally seen as a positive, so maybe the person is having a positive change but coming from a negative space. Or the exact opposite.” – Dani Y
**It's been pointed out that Josh Partington of Something Corporate actually wrote “Hurricane.” Since the lyrics were performed by Something Corporate, we'll leave them here to be enjoyed by all! Thank you for calling us out on our mistake, and sorry for the confusion!**
“You gotta swim, swim in the dark. There's no shame in drifting, feel the tide shifting and wait for the spark. You gotta swim, don't let yourself sink. Just find the horizon. I promise you it's not as far as you think.” – Jack's Mannequin “Swim”
“Because sometimes life throws some shitty things your way and it can feel like you're drowning. But, as the song says, you have to swim, and work to change things for the better.” – u/gooseleg
If you enjoyed going on this lyrical journey, make sure to share with your loyal social followers! Every time this post gets shared, Milk Crater donates to the Dear Jack Foundation. You can make the world just a little bit better and all it takes is a click! It's the #MilkCraterWay
Given that leftists are “tolerant progressives” and Islam is a “religion of peace,” you can understand how I receive a lot of death threats for having a different opinion.
In the vast majority of cases, be it Facebook or Twitter, complaints about these death threats are met with total inaction by both social media giants.
But Facebook has reached a new low in that it has now decided to punish me for complaining about a direct death threat I received from an Islamist.
Last week, I received a message which read, “Hey you mother fucker, you keep mocking allahu and sweet Islam. I fucking find you and kill you.”
After flagging the death threat, Facebook responded with the message that “it doesn't violate our Community Standards”.
That's right – direct death threats don't violate Facebook's Community Standards. Let that sink in.
But it gets worse.
I posted the original death threat and Facebook's response on my Facebook page. The post received thousands of shares, while also earning me several more death threats (because the best way to prove Islam is a religion of peace is by threatening to kill me).
“Direct death threats don't violate Facebook's “community standards,” yet people are routinely banned for expressing opinions. Incredible,” I commented next to a screenshot of the death threat and Facebook's response.
Fast forward to this morning – Facebook removed the post and presented me with the following message upon logging in to my account.
“A post you made contains content that violates our Terms of Use. This message serves as a warning. Additional violations will result in the termination of your account.”
They punished me for complaining about a direct death threat by threatening to terminate my account.
Yes, really.
Making death threats doesn't violate Facebook's “terms of use,” but being the victim of one and complaining about it apparently does. Amazing.
Keep in mind that this is the same company that bans people, even if they're gay, for using politically incorrect words like “faggot”.
Facebook is also working directly with the German government and ex-members of the Stasi to censor content that criticizes Angela Merkel's open border policy in Germany.
Back in December, Facebook banned a German woman for “hate speech” after she posted a picture of a migrant who had raped and killed a 19-year-old woman, despite the fact that his photo was already circulating in German media.
Maybe next time I should just resort to live streaming murders or gang rapes of women, and then Facebook will be more accommodating?
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Non-Clothing Items:
AKA – “an oversized, blurry photo of my most used objects”
All of these items are used at least once a day and so every item here has had extensive thought put into it.
1. Skateboard
When I was younger I used to love going out and skating but stopped following an operation on both of my feet. It's strange how hobbies we have as children show up again in our adult lives. I use the board both as a form of exercise and a means of transport. There's so something very soothing about about gliding down a long stretch of pavement.
2. The bag itself
I'm not too into spending crazy money on hi-tech bags that have become commonplace in the OneBag community. Very few people need a real fancy bag. I got this on Amazon and it does everything I need it to. What's better is that I seldom look like a tourist when I'm carrying something so casual. I'm thinking of keeping a power bank in there somewhere – I like the idea of plugging the bag in and then being able to charge all my devices on the move.
3. Foldable canvas tote
I can't remember where I got this bag, but I do know it's perfect for groceries, as an extra bag if you need it, or its most common use – separating dirty laundry from clean stuff when I'm travelling.
4. Etnies Shoes
Real tough, sturdy shoes. From what I know, they're classic “skater” shoes that can take a beating. I used to have a pair of Vans but I go through shoes so often that it's nice to experiment with different things from time to time.
5. Notepads
One's a Moleskine, the other a Christmas gift. The Moleskine acts as an off board brain and I write everything down so as not to forget thing. The other is a 5 Minute Journal.
6. iPad Mini & Platten ADV Wireless Headphones
The iPad has been a blessing. I can read, watch Netflix, listen to music, work and play games on it. It's nice to carry something lighter than a laptop and if anything I've had an increase in productivity because of it. I also have an iPhone 6, so everything works seamlessly between them.
The headphones are most definitely my best purchase this year. The battery lasts for days and they have an aux jack if you need it. What's awesome is that you can plug another pair of headphones into them and listen with a friend on long journeys. Sound quality isn't perfect, but is high enough for them to have a fantastic sound. There's a slight bass boost which isn't my thing, but I'm not gonna cry about it.
7. Miscellaneous
From left to right: Padlock, skate tool, portable battery, wallet, charging cables.
Everything here is pretty self explanatory. The wallet is a Nomatic Basics, if you're asking.
A member of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's inner circle billed taxpayers more than $125,000 to move to Ottawa, according to documents tabled in the House of Commons.
The documents show an unidentified staffer in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) expensed $126,669.56 in relocation costs in order to move to Ottawa, the highest moving bill for political staff in the Trudeau government. Another PMO staffer, also unidentified, charged $80,382.55.
The total cost to the taxpayer to move five PMO staff to Parliament Hill came in at $220,564.11.
READ MORE: Seven MPs accepted nearly $780,000 in transition allowances
The documents included the costs but did not name the individual PMO staffers, nor the locations from which they moved.
The time period for the relocation costs is from Oct. 19. 2015 to June 8, 2016.
Interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose called the costs “unacceptable.”
“$120,000 to move one of Prime Minister Trudeau's staff into the Prime Minister's Office is unacceptable,” Ambrose said in Ottawa. “That is up to three times what most people make a year in Canada. There's a lot of people out of work and worried about their jobs. This is not the kind of spending that Canadians expected from this government.”
READ MORE: Catherine McKenna confronted over $6,600 photographer bill
But the Prime Ministers' Office wasn't the only ministry to pass on expensive moving bills to the taxpayers.
Canadians will also pick up the tab for a member of the Ministry of Environment and Climate Change Canada who expensed $75,984.22 in relocation costs, and an employee with Global Affairs who was paid $119,825.69 in relocation costs, including $2,602 in hotel stays. And one staffer for the Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development charged $113,799.08.
During Question Period in the House of Commons the Conservatives grilled the Liberals over the relocation costs.
“These costs are at the discretion of the minister and the prime minister and at a time when Alberta families are losing their homes how can the prime minister justify these ridiculous expenses?” said Conservative MP Blaines Calkins.
Newly appointed Government House Leader Bardish Chagger said that any assistance with relocation was done in “accordance with the rules” and that the Liberals would continue to work towards an “open and transparent government.
“Canadians expect public resources to be used responsibly and economically, and we are committed to living up to these expectations,” Chagger said
A spokesperson for the PMO had said the costs included moving staffers families across the country.
“The team in Ottawa came from coast to coast to serve Canadians and deliver on our promise to grow the middle-class and those working hard to join it,” Trudeau spokeswoman Andree-Lyne Halle said in an email. “This meant that many people had to move with their children and families across the county to serve in Ottawa – as part of this process some employees receive assistance in relocating.
“Any help in relocation was done in accordance within the rules outlined by Treasury Board in the Policies for Ministers' Offices and the National Joint Council Relocation Directive,” Halle told Global News.
Political staffers can apply for costs associated with relocating within Canada if approved by their minister's office, according to guidelines for Ministers' Offices.
Halle pointed to the fact the guidelines were enacted well before the Trudeau government came to power.
“The current rules outlining relocation of Ministers' Office staff have been in place since November 2008 and have applied to every Minister's Office since that date,” Halle said.
Eligible costs available to relocating employees under the “core entitlement fund” include; real estate fees, shipping household items up to 9,071.94 kg, shipping a vehicle, house hunting trip expenses, temporary accommodations, and meal allowances among other costs.
Canadian Taxpayer Federation's federal director Aaron Wudrick said some Canadians would be surprised by the six figure expenses.
“Most people when they think of relocation expenses they are thinking about $5,000 or $10,000 at most they certainly aren't thinking it's going to be $100,000 or more,” Wudrick said.
He said the Trudeau government should explain why the costs were so high.
“If [staff members] are working for a government that is trying to show they are good stewards of taxpayer dollars it sends a very different message if you are willing to take that kind of money out of taxpayer pockets,” Wudrick said
