Asylum seekers detained on Manus Island say Reza Berati was thrown off a balcony before being beaten to death.
Fresh allegations surrounding the death of the Iranian asylum seeker emerged on Friday during an inspection of the centre, organised as part of a court inquiry into last month's violence.
While AAP - one of two Australian media organisations granted rare access to the Manus Island facility - was not permitted to interview asylum seekers, many spoke openly and shouted to the visiting party.
In one part of the facility known as Mike compound, transferees pointed to a black stairwell that snaked up between stacked, white shipping containers that served as four-man bedrooms.
"They hit him and he fell from here and they hit him till he died," said one asylum seeker. "They hit him in the head until he died."
HOW EPIC! Wiz Khalifa and Mac Miller will be teaming up together to go on a mini summer tour entitled Under The Influence Of Music, kicking off on July 26th.
NEW MUSIC: Maroon 5 & Wiz Khalifa “Payphone”
And that's not all, Kendrick Lamar, Schoolboy Q and Chevy Woods are all joining them.
There couldn't be a better grouping of artists to all come together at the best time of the year…summertime!
Lil Wayne & Mac Miller “This Is How We DEW” Commercial
If you're interested in attending any of the shows, tickets will be available this Friday, April 20th and can be purchased on Ticketmaster or LiveNation.
If you can't wait until the 20th, this Thursday, April 19th, fans can visit www.facebook.com/livenation and RSVP to the presale, which will give them early access to tickets.
Citi cardmembers, the official credit card of the Under The Influence of Music Tour will have access to presale tickets today through Citi's Private Pass Program. For complete presale details visit www.citiprivatepass.com.
And check out the tour dates below!
Under The Influence of Music Tour:
July 26 Cincinnati, OH Riverbend Music Center
July 27 Chicago, IL First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre
July 28 Indianapolis, IN Klipsch Music Center
July 29 Toronto, ON Molson Canadian Amphitheatre**
August 01 Boston, MA Comcast Center
August 02 New York, NY Nikon at Jones Beach Theater*
August 03 Philadelphia, PA Susquehanna Bank Center
August 04 Pittsburgh, PA First Niagara Pavilion
August 05 Detroit, MI DTE Energy Music Theatre
Also On Global Grind:
In this article we explain how we're using Kubernetes to enable data scientists to deploy predictive models as production-grade APIs.
Background
Domino lets users publish R or Python models as REST APIs, so they can easily integrate data science projects into existing applications and business processes without involving engineers or devops resources. We call this Model Deployment.
We've had this functionality since 2015. The first version was a more simple feature that created API endpoints for R and Python models hosted in Domino, allowing them to be used by web services.
This was a popular feature among many of our smaller and startup users, such as 8tracks, who used it to integrate their predictive models with user-facing applications without the need to port those models from R or Python.
However, this version was reusing large parts of our infrastructure that we built for running models within Domino. While a run can last a few hours, an API endpoint might be expected to be up and running for weeks if not months. Additionally, that infrastructure was not built to support horizontal scalability, which made it challenging to ensure that each API endpoint remains responsive under load.
As more enterprise users started using Domino, demand quickly grew for more robust model deployment functionality. That's when we took the opportunity to completely rebuild it using Kubernetes.
Rebuilding Model Deployment with Kubernetes
As part of our Domino 2.0 launch, we set out to completely re-architect the API endpoints functionality to support large-scale use cases at even lower latencies, while also adding more advanced capabilities such as A/B testing model variations.
Kubernetes—an open-source system for automating the deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications—was a natural fit, as it would allow us to start up each of our models in isolation on shared infrastructure, and to scale them individually on demand.
Architecture
A model consists of all code and data taken from a Domino project, combined with an harness that exposes a web service calling the user's code. Each model gets built into a Docker image, which ensures that the model gets packaged together and versioned.
Once a model version is built, it is then deployed on Kubernetes, using both a Kubernetes Deployment and Service. The Deployment allows us to ensure that each Kubernetes pod responsible to run the model stays healthy, spins up new pods to replace unhealthy ones, and allows us to scale up and down easily. The Service is what exposes the model.
The models are exposed outside of Kubernetes using an Ingress Resource. This allows us to make different versions of the same model accessible using different paths.
However, an Ingress Resource by itself merely acts as a routing table. To ensure that these services do get exposed, we use Traefik as an Ingress Controller. Traefik is a reverse proxy similar to nginx, but provides first-party support for Kubernetes. This ensures that any updates to our Ingress Resources get reflected quickly.
Finally, an Elastic Loan Balancer (ELB) gets created to ensure that the models can be accessed from outside of the internal network.
A prior iteration of this architecture was not using the Ingress inside of Kubernetes or Traefik. Instead, we used Nginx as a service, with a dynamically loaded configuration file, provided by a config map. This worked well as a proof of concept, but had two principal issues:
We depended on one monolithic config file for all of our routes. The delay between an update to the config and Nginx being refreshed was very slow, which made it feel like nothing was happening in the system.
The Ingress resources allowed us to have each model own their own routes, while Traefik, using a Kubernetes Watcher—which notifies you of the different changes happening to the cluster—is able to refresh itself when a relevant event happens on the Kubernetes Cluster.
Another challenge we ran into was finding a way to keep the information about models in sync and deduplicated between Kubernetes and our database.
Initially, we had metadata about our deployments stored in a database. We were using Kubernetes Watchers ourselves to keep that information up-to-date, but the logic to keep this info in sync was complex.
We started using Kubernetes annotations and labels more liberally to move most of that metadata onto Kubernetes itself, which allowed us to ultimately ensure that all information about a particular model deployment is persisted in one place.
To avoid calling Kubernetes too often to retrieve this metadata, we save this data in our cache, which gets updated via a Kubernetes watcher process. This process is running on Kubernetes itself, to ensure that we do not lose messages from Kubernetes during maintenance of the Domino application.
To keep the user informed on the current status of a model, we built a system to asynchronously monitor the status of our deployments. This is fed by a set of Kubernetes Watchers, which gives us a raw event stream of state transitions of a Kubernetes deployment.
Finally, to make this stream more durable (a missed message would be lost forever) we redirected it to a message bus using RabbitMQ. We also use RabbitMQ internally to feed our system managing the diverse long-running user actions in our Model Deployment features.
Results
Compared to the original API endpoints, the new Model Deployment architecture allows us to execute models by an order of magnitude faster, making it ideal for production use. We benchmarked popular machine learning models in R and Python and found a latency of <50ms handling 6,000 requests per minute.
(Please note that the performance is based on internal testing and does not represent a performance guarantee. Model latency depends on a number of factors such as external service dependencies, network topology, and hardware configuration.)
Using Kubernetes has also allowed us to provide A/B testing and versioning functionality for deployed models. For example, a data scientist can control which model version is used in production, meaning they can test different versions of the same model and only promote a version to production when it's ready.
Last but not least, another benefit of this architecture is increased reliability; since this feature is decoupled from the run execution, a deployed model is more resilient to issues happening in the Domino platform itself.
Want to learn more about model deployment with Domino? View a live demo to see it in action and ask questions.
Related
In April 2015, the quack web site Natural News rebeat the drum of a several-year-old contoversy by publishing a misleading article (which was republished by a number of other equally disreputable web sites) holding that major food companies such as Pepsico sell products “manufactured using the tissue of aborted human babies”:
Every time you purchase mass-produced processed “food” from the likes of Kraft, PepsiCo, or Nestle, you're choosing, whether you realize it or not, to feed your family not only genetically engineered poisons and chemical additives, but also various flavoring agents manufactured using the tissue of aborted human babies. It's true: A company based out of California, known as Senomyx, is in the business of using aborted embryonic cells to test fake flavoring chemicals, both savory and sweet, which are then added to things like soft drinks, candy and cookies. And Senomyx has admittedly partnered with a number of major food manufacturers to lace its cannibalistic additives into all sorts of factory foods scarfed down by millions of American consumers every single day.
Other similar articles purport to offer a “List Of Companies Using Fetal Cells From Aborted Babies To Flavour Products.”
In order to debunk such claims, we need first provide a couple of definitions:
Human Embryonic Kidney 293 cells, commonly known as HEK 293, are a specific cell line which, as the name denotes, were derived from the kidney cells of an aborted human embryo in 1972. This cell line is widely used in efforts such as cell biology research and biotechnology/pharmaceutical development.
Senomyx is a U.S.-based biotechnology company focused on “discovering and developing innovative flavor ingredients for the food, beverage, and ingredient supply industries,” primarily additives that amplify certain flavors and smells in foods
A controversy over Senomyx originated with the pro-life organization Children of God for Life back in March 2011, which maintained that Senomyx used HEK 293 in its flavor ingredient development efforts (citing a 2002 paper by company researchers published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences as evidence). That organization called for a boycott of major food companies (including Nestle, Campbell's Soup, Kraft Foods, and PepsiCo) that had partnered with Senomyx:
Senomyx website states that “The company's key flavor programs focus on the discovery and development of savory, sweet and salt flavor ingredients that are intended to allow for the reduction of MSG, sugar and salt in food and beverage products … Using isolated human taste receptors, we created proprietary taste receptor-based assay systems that provide a biochemical or electronic readout when a flavor ingredient interacts with the receptor.” Senomyx notes their collaborators provide them research and development funding plus royalties on sales of products using their flavor ingredients. “What they do not tell the public is that they are using HEK 293 — human embryonic kidney cells taken from an electively aborted baby to produce those receptors,” stated Debi Vinnedge, Executive Director for Children of God for Life, a pro-life watch dog group that has been monitoring the use of aborted fetal material in medical products and cosmetics for years. “They could have easily chosen COS (monkey) cells, Chinese Hamster Ovary cells, insect cells or other morally obtained human cells expressing the G protein for taste receptors,” Vinnedge added.
It's important to note here that — whatever one might think of fetal stem cell research in general, and regardless of whether or not Senomyx uses HEK 293-derived cells in its development efforts — neither Pepsi nor any other U.S. food company is manufacturing or selling any consumable products “that are actually made using the cell tissue of unborn babies that were murdered through abortion.” What we're talking about here is a cell line derived from a single (healthy, aborted) fetus over forty years ago: claiming that current food products employing flavorings derived from research based on the HEK 293 cell line “are actually made using the cell tissue of unborn babies” is like saying that possessing a digitized image of a photocopy of a picture of a Beethoven manuscript is the same as “owning a document in Beethoven's own handwriting” — the original is not present in substance, only in a multi-generational, representational form. CBS News noted such in a mid-2011 report on the Senomyx controversy (which for some reason primarily focused on PepsiCo):
[Senomyx] appears to be engineering HEK cells to function like the taste-receptor cells we have in our mouth. This way, Senomyx can test millions of substances to see if they work as different types of taste enhancers without subjecting human volunteers to endless taste tests. To non-scientists this may sound a bit strange, but the reality is that HEK 293 cells are widely used in pharmaceutical research, helping scientists create vaccines as well as drugs like those for rheumatoid arthritis. The difference here is that Senomyx's work for Pepsi is one of the first times the cells have (potentially) been used to create a food or beverage. (And it's important to note that no part of a human kidney cell are ever a part of Senomyx's taste enhancers or any finished food products.) For Debi Vinnedge, who runs the anti-abortion group Children of God for Life, that doesn't matter. “It's the eeew factor. It strikes a really strong reaction in people,” she said in an interview. Even though HEK 293 cells trace their origin to a single fetal kidney back in the 1970s — everything since has come from cultured cell lines — Vinnedge considers their use unethical because it indirectly creates a market for aborted fetuses and encourages scientists to hunt for new embryonic cell lines. She argues that Senomyx could use other, non-fetus-based cell lines, such as those from animals.
Science and medicine writer Matthew Herper offered a similar explanation in Forbes:
The fetus-derived cell line we're talking about was created around the time I was born. This is 35-year-old technology. And it is widely used in cell biology. And there is no way you'll consume them or that the cells would cause any health problems. The cells, called HEK 293 cells (that stands for human embryonic kidney) were taken from an aborted fetus in the 1970s in the Netherlands. Bits of chopped up DNA from the adenovirus, a virus that causes a pretty severe cold. The kidney cells were forced to take up bits of DNA using a technique invented in 1973 that used a calcium solution. The resulting cells don't act much like human cells at all, but they are very easy to work with and have become workhorses of cellular biology. That's why they're used in the development of drugs and vaccines. No new fetal tissue has been used to keep the cell culture going; the use of this cell line isn't leading to new abortions. A tiny company called Senomyx has been working to use this new technology to create food additives. Senomyx has isolated receptors found on cells that detect taste, and added them to the HEK cells. This allows them to test thousands of potential taste additives to see whether they might taste sweet or savory with a speed that would be impossible with human taste testers. Synomyx has announced collaborations with Pepsi, Nestle, and Coca-Cola.
Senomyx themselves were circumspect about publicly addressing the issue of their whether they actually used the HEK 293 cell line in their research, although reporters investigating the subject noted references to HEK 293 in the company's patents. For example, Laine Doss wrote in the Miami New Times that:
Asked about the [Children of God for Life's] action alert, Gwen Rosenberg, vice president of investor relations and corporate communications for Senomyx, said, “We don't discuss details of our research, but you won't find anything on our website about HEK293.” I asked Rosenberg if Senomyx had a position on stem cell research. “We've never been asked that,” she replied, “We don't have a position on anything. We're dedicated to finding new flavors to reduce sugars and reduce salt. Our focus is to help consumers with diabetes or high blood pressure have a better quality of life.” Though Rosenberg states there is nothing on the company website linking Senomyx with HEK293, a little Googling turned up a patent issued in 2008 for “Recombinant Methods for Expressing a Functional Sweet Taste Receptor,” in which a line item mentions HEK293.
And Melanie Warner wrote for CBS News that:
Is this claim true? Neither Pepsi nor Senomyx returned calls, so we don't know the companies' side of the story. But a perusal of Senomyx's patents suggests that it may well be. All but 7 of the company's 77 patents refer to the use of HEK 293 (human embryonic kidney) cells, which researchers have used for decades as biological workhorses.
In 2010 Senomyx entered into a four-year collaborative agreement to develop sweet enhancers and natural high-potency sweeteners for PepsiCo beverages, but it's unclear whether PepsiCo has ever marketed any food products that include additives (of any kind) developed by Senomyx. It wasn't until March 2014 that Senomyx announced the first fruits of their partnership with PepsiCo, a sweetness-enhancing “flavor modifier” known as Sweetmyx, but we've seen no subsequent announcement that PepsiCo has begun using Sweetmyx, and that additive appears to be a purely synthetic one:
Q: How exactly does Sweetmyx work? A: Our tongue's taste receptors work somewhat like pieces of a puzzle. When sugar hits our tongue a molecule of it will connect with a sweet taste receptor, stimulating the nerve pathway and creating the sensation of sweet. Sweetmyx hijacks that pathway by agitating and exciting that sweet taste receptor with another chemical that works when it's in the presence of sugar. So in a way, it increases your receptor's sensitivity to sweet taste sensations. Q: Is Sweetmyx natural? A: Although Senomyx has both “natural” and artificial flavoring additives in their pipeline, from what I've been able to surmise, S617 (the company's moniker for Sweetmyx) is not a naturally derived sweetness enhancer. It appears to be artificially synthesized from chemicals.
Pepsi's official response to the Senomyx issue was to point inquirers to their Responsible Research Statement, which stated that “PepsiCo's research processes and those of our partners are confidential for competitive reasons. However, PepsiCo does not conduct or fund research that utilizes any human tissue or cell lines derived from human embryos.”
We contacted the Media Relations department at PepsiCo and posed some specific questions to them about their relationship with Senomyx but received only non-specific answers in response:
PepsiCo has a relationship with Senomyx to help us reduce sugar in future products. Senomyx does not provide ingredients to PepsiCo, nor does it manufacture PepsiCo products. Senomyx is required to abide by our responsible research statement for any work they conduct for PepsiCo. As with each of our research partners, Senomyx is also required to meet all relevant industry and government regulatory standards in the work it performs for PepsiCo. We can't speak on behalf of another company or address speculation about work involving other companies.
Senomyx did not respond to our request for additional information.
LOS ANGELES (CBS2) —A mother was struck by a hit-and-run driver while her son and his friend were trick-or-treating near Watts Wednesday night.
The accident happened just before 9 p.m. at East 92nd and North Beach streets.
Susan Washington, 46, said she was crossing the street with her 9-year-old son, Nathaniel, and his friend, Alvin Hardy, when a silver Suzuki sped around the corner.
“The last thing I remember is walking across the street and pushing the kids out of the way,” said Washington. “All I remember is my baby crying and saying, ‘That's my mother.' I didn't think I was going to make it.”
Alvin said, “It just came so fast. I tried to jump. (The car) hit me and then I fell down to the ground.”
Nathaniel told CBS2's Carter Evans that two people came out of the car, looked at Washington, and ran away from the scene.
CHP investigators found the suspect's car a couple of blocks away, but the driver and his two passengers were already gone.
The 46-year-old mother was taken to the hospital.
Washington was released and went home in a neck brace and a face covered with cuts and bruises.
“I just want to say to the people who did this… I'm praying for you and just turn yourself in,” Washington said.
Nathaniel said he knows his mom took the brunt of the accident to save him and his friend.
“She's still the same person, even if she has any scars on her. I really don't care, she's still my mama,” he said.
Police said the hit-and-run driver's car had a Washington state license plate.
Officials continue to search for the suspect and his passengers.
Liquor Stores Association of WA executive director Lindsay James spoke to Radio 6PR Drive with Paul Murray about the issue on Tuesday. Have you been to a liquor store that had a blanket ban on people under 18 entering? Comment or email us to let us know about your experience "There hasn't been a change in the law. What's occured - and I believe it started with Mandurah Forum Liquorland, then a Liquorland store in Belmont - is that police had raised a section 64 complaint against the outlets," Mr James said. "The police go to the Director of Liquor Licensing and lodge a show-cause notice and then the outlet is able to respond. Subsequently the Director of Liquor Licensing makes a decision. "In the cases that I'm aware of at Mandurah Forum and Belmont Forum, then it precludes any juvenile being on the premise, even if accompanied by a responsible adult.
"My understanding is that there has been some theft at Mandurah - in which part of that theft was undertaken by people who were underage." Both the Mandurah and Belmont decisions are being appealed by the stores under Section 25 of the Liquor Control Act. Calls to the Mandurah, Belmont and Bentley stores were directed to head offices in the eastern states. Both Liquorland and First Choice are owned by Wesfarmers. WA Police referred inquiries to the Department of Racing, Gaming and Liquor, which then referred specific queries regarding theft back to the police. Police subsequently provided a statement, to be attributed to Detective Superintendent Jim Migro from the Licensing Enforcement Division.
“WA Police wrote to the Director of Liquor Licensing under the provisions of section 64 of the Liquor Control Act 1988 asking him to consider placing conditions on the liquor licence for the venues due to theft of alcohol from the venues," Detective Superintendent Migro said.
"Police provided details of the amount of theft, impact on policing, community and suggested some conditions that the Director might consider appropriate to be placed on the licences.
"Under the provisions of Section 64 if the Director proposes to impose, vary or cancel a condition on a licence the Director by notice may require the licensee to show cause why the condition should not be imposed, varied or cancelled.
"On receipt of advice from the licensee the Director then makes a decision on whether to impose, vary or cancel a condition on the licence.
"It would be inappropriate for police to release information that was provided to the Director in this process.
"Conditions imposed are the decision of the Director and not police." A source associated with the WA liquor industry said theft was an ever-present problem for bottleshops, especially big chains - such as BWS, Dan Murphy's, First Choice and Liquorland - where staff policy prevented workers following suspected thieves out of stores. Josh Daley, manager of independent Mane Liquor in Belmont, said his store had dealt with theft issues by implementing its own security measures. “Theft was a problem, but we now lock all our spirits in glass cases and it's a lot less of a problem now,” Mr Daley said. “Theft is just part of the industry, it's something we have to deal with.”
Mr Daley said that if age-entry restrictions were placed on his outlet, a key source of trade would be hurt. “A significant number of our customers are FIFO workers,” he said. “When they are about to return, we get a lot of mums, with their kids in tow, coming in to pick up beer as a present before they pick up dad from the airport. “If we had to say they can't come in because of the kids, that would be a real problem for us. “We certainly wouldn't be happy with that restriction being put on us but like I said, we don't really have an issue with theft anymore since we started locking up spirits.”
A worker at one bottle shop in Perth's south-east said it was a commonly known tactic for groups to enter stores and have one member steal while others distracted employees. He said at a previous store he worked at in Forrestdale, it was expected that at least one bottle of spirits and a couple of packages of pre-mixed drinks would go missing each week. "The last place I worked at, we kept the spirits up behind the till," he said. "We noticed a bottle of spirits missing and when we looked at the video footage, the guy working had gone into the cold room and in the time he was away, this young fella - he must have been 14 or 15 - has walked in, reached over the counter, grabbed the bottle and then taken off again." A western suburbs liquor store manager said the proximity of his store to a train line made it a target for some thieves, who he described as just "part and parcel of the game".
But he viewed a ban on all underage people entering stores as "quite ridiculous". "If I told a customer [with a child] that they couldn't come in, I don't think they would be coming back here. That's customer service zero," he said. Bentley Bottlemart manager Elaine Teoh said underage theft wasn't an issue for her store and agreed that if juveniles in the company of adults were banned from the store, their parents would likely go somewhere else for their alcohol. - with Liam Ducey Follow WAtoday on Twitter
We deliver a wide range of amazing Internet services that are not only affordable, they are reliable.
HyperSurf Internet is a California based Internet Service provider that was founded in 1995. We provide a wide range of Internet services including Metro Ethernet, T3, T1, ATT Business DSL, ATT Residential DSL, VOIP, Web Hosting, Email Services and Custom Consulting. Our custom consulting services cover everything your business needs from VOIP phones to internet access as well as firewall services.
I would like to introduce you to on of our newest Internet Services. Its called Metro Ethernet and is a perfect fit for businesses that have onsite servers or have higher bandwidth needs for its employees. Metro Ethernet employs a fiber connection to your facility, so its very stable, and is terminated like a normal ethernet cable. That means you dont need to purchase any new equipment to utilize this new service.
Our support staff is very knowledgeable and can provide help with Windows, Mac, Linux and various Unix operating systems.
TRENTON — A new medical marijuana dispensary — New Jersey's fourth — has earned a permit to begin growing cannabis in Cranbury, the state Health Department announced.
It's been about 3-1/2 years since the state granted Breakwater Alternative Treatment Center permission to submit an application and undergo a vetting process that includes background checks, building and security plans, according to an announcement from Health Commissioner Mary O'Dowd.
“Breakwater Alternative Treatment Center is the second ATC in the central region of the state to receive a permit to grow medicinal marijuana,” O'Dowd said. “Today's action demonstrates the Department's ongoing commitment to provide greater access to medicinal marijuana for qualifying patients."
Jonathan Fisher, one of Breakwater's trustees, said he expected it would take about six months before sales would begin to allow for the growing, cultivating and testing process.
Fisher said Breakwater will offer 15 strains, including some with high level of cannabidiol, a non-psychoactive compound that has become popular among families whose children suffer from epilepsy disorders.
The 20,000-square-foot facility is located within an industrial park, Fisher said. Once up and running, he expected possibly “dozens” of employees to be hired.
The facility is prepared to serve "as many patients as needed," Fisher said.
Fisher acknowledged it had taken a long time to get to this point. "The state had a lot of proper hurdles, a lot of things you have to fulfill," he said.
Garden State Dispensary of Woodbridge opened 11 months ago. Greenleaf Compassion Center of Montclair opened in December 2012, and Compassionate Care Foundation of Egg Harbor opened in October 2013.
There are 3,400 registered patients in New Jersey, and 364 physicians who have registered to recommend patients for the program, according to the department.
The state awarded six nonprofits with preliminary approval in March 2011 to serve as the only sanctioned medical marijuana dispensaries in New Jersey. The program has been slow to ramp for various reasons, including difficulties finding a community willing to host a dispensary, obtaining start-up funds to support a business that violates federal law, and what some dispensary owners have described as a confusing and cumbersome approval process by the state.
Susan K. Livio may be reached at slivio@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @SusanKLivio. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
MEXICO CITY— La Lagunilla market can best be described as "labyrinthian.” It's a maze of color, sound and bustle in a city already incomprehensibly saturated with activity.
A sprawling weekend market and tianglis, or vintage flea, it technically begins at the south side of Eje 1 Norte, but has no fixed borders, growing in size and density depending on the day and vendor population. Inside, it offers everything from knock-off Luis Vuitton, to fresh tortillas, to stacks of hand painted (and often fairly gory) retablo votive paintings—depictions of the lives of the saints. It's also got a ton of Nazi gear.
Advertisement
On our first visit just a few weeks ago, for what was supposed to be a quick look and a bite to eat, we ended up unearthing a full SS outfit (with cap), swastika armbands, Deutschland insignia and even vintage Nazis war medals shipped from Europe via “specialty dealers.” The sheer amount of Nazi-themed gear we encountered—new, old, even homemade—was, to put it mildly, enough to make us forget all about the aguas frescas we'd come for.
In service of full disclosure, both of my paternal grandparents are survivors of the holocaust, so maybe I'm a bit more sensitive to this material than the average person. But then again, what person encounters so many swastikas without a visceral reaction? Multiple booths, in full, open view, of Nazi paraphernalia, sold by smiling men and women haggling overprices—shocking, yes, but as we soon learned, not an anomaly in the D.F.
Advertisement
In most parts of Europe, especially areas formerly under Nazi subjugation, open displays of Nazi insignia are illegal. If you ask the right questions of vintage dealers, however, they'll lead you to hidden drawers or back closets filled with the stuff. In Mexico City, we were told by local sources, you can simply walk up to markets like La Lagunilla, the Tanguis in Doctores (between Av. Cuauhtémoc and Doctor Carmon), and even El Chopo, the “punk market,” and buy it.
You can also purchase copies of Hitler's memoir, Mein Kampf, and the widely discredited anti-Semitic text “Protocols of the Elders of Zion” at various bookstores and kiosks throughout the city. These are often sold alongside popular fashion magazines, as well as abbreviated biographies of Nietzsche and other philosophers. Near our hotel in downtown DF, on Calle Brasil, just a few hops from major tourist destinations like Templo Mayor and the Capital Building, we saw a thin volume entitled “Hitler: His Life and Magic Secrets.” Taking a cab from the trendy Roma Norte district, the city's equivalent of Williamsburg, we saw crudely drawn swastikas scrawled on buildings. It reminded me of the way a disaffected adolescent with authority issues might casually throw up an anarchy symbol. But that might just be the wishful thinking of an outsider. So then: why Nazis, and why Mexico City?
Advertisement
“One day I went into the shop to buy some cigarettes and the clerk was wearing a black shirt with a huge swastika print,” says Alexander Kracer, a 25-year-old writer, web host and Mexico City native. “I asked him if he knew what the symbol meant. He said he'd gotten it at El Chopo and thought it was a logo that represented heavy metal as a whole. I didn't sermonize him or anything. I just found that to be really funny and curious and told him what it really meant.”
The clerk's ignorance can in some ways be forgiven; Nazi imagery has frequently turned up in punk and metal subculture, from Sid Vicious' infamous swastika shirt to the album art of Japanese hardcore band G.I.S.M, who used a swastika on the cover of 1984's Detestation.
“It's funny because most of the people who buy these sorts of merchandise here in Mexico have a really superficial idea of what the swastika means,” he said. “I know for a fact that many find it attractive for being something extremist and controversial—and at times linked to music and its subcultures. Its meaning is distorted in all of Latin America, due to lack of information. In the end, it's a powerful symbol that makes heads turn.”
Advertisement
Ignorance, whether real or forced, is so common that when we asked many of the dealers in La Lagunilla, admittedly in broken Spanish, why they were carrying such culturally- loaded goods, we often got a shrug.
“They're for ‘war games' or reenactments,” one said. Another admitted he didn't know much, or even care, about the politics. “I don't know why people like them [the medals and armbands],” he admitted. “But they're good sellers for us. I try to stay out of the politics.”
Advertisement
It seems that Swastika imagery is on the rise throughout Latin America. In 2014, Michael Kaminer of the Jewish web publication The Forward, then an ex-pat living in Caracas, Venezuela, came across several instances of swastika-use in public and often bizarre situations, from a run-of-the-mill smattering of Mein Kampfs in local book stores, to a “Hello Kitty Hitler” shirt emblazoned with an anthropomorphic feline Fuhrer, which he saw both in person and in a local fashion magazine. Kaminer posits that the rise of casual anti-Semitism in Venezuela might be tied to Chavez's anti-Israel policies (anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism are often conflated both in LatAm and the world-at-large these days). But, in the end, he seemed just as baffled as we were.
Ulie Haro, a journalist and fixer who grew up in Mexico City creates documentaries with his wife (and fellow journalist), Deborah Bonello. He's seen the swastika pop up in and around the area for decades. “When I was a child I saw the swastika and thought it was just a cool sign. German airfare [without context] seemed cool. For others, it seemed like [an extension] of the Camisas Rojas.” (The Camisas Rojas were a radical communist group in the 30s, intent on tearing down the government and burning churches. They were mostly male, and with few members over 30. With their black and red shock-troop uniforms and don't fuck-with-me-attitude, they were something of Mexico's proto-punks.) “Nationalism in Mexican society runs very deeply. I don't know at what point they [Nazism ideals] meet. It's this cult.”
A purely sartorial interest in fascism shouldn't overshadow Mexico's very real involvement with Nazi ideology and anti-Semitism. Ilan Stavans, a native of Mexico City with relatives who perished in the holocaust, is a professor of Latin American and Latino Culture at Amherst College, and has written several books and articles on Mexico's fraught relationship to fascism, anti-Semitism and “Aryan culture.”
Advertisement
According to Stavans, anti-Semitism in Mexico can be traced back 500 years to the Spanish Inquisition, when many Jews expelled from Spain arrived in Mexico, assimilating into the population and even into the ruling Catholic Church. “Mexico was a safe haven for crypto-Jews and ‘new Christians' who kept their Jewish identity and religion hidden. So where there was a public face in Mexico of anti-Jewish propaganda from the church in the colonial period—1492 to1810, when Mexico became independent—there was also a tacit, hidden Jewish presence that you can see in a number of different ways: on tombstones, in letters and records and diaries that you have of that era.”
Despite the pivotal role Jews played in the region, particularly in the development of Mexico City as a center of power and culture, the average public school curriculum makes little or no mention of this Jewish heritage and the Inquisition, let alone the Holocaust. “There is an ‘ambivalence of the duality' in [Mexican] society,” explains Stavans. “Though there are things that are very open, there are also things that are very hidden.”
Advertisement
According to Stavans, in the early 20th century there was a more populist, let's say “Henry Ford-esque,” approach to anti-Semitism. Rather than labeling Jews as Christ-killers, they were accused of controlling the nation's banking industry and leading the country into ruin. In the 1920s and 30s, Aryan theories that were gaining steam in Germany and Austria “mutated” in Latin America, given credence by many of the day's prominent ideologists and thinkers. This included Jose Vasconcelos (1882-1959), one of the founders of Mexico City's National Autonomous University of Mexico, the largest university in Latin America.
The European concept of “Aryan”—blonde, blue eyed—wouldn't have absorbed the average Mexican person into its racial narrative. But Vasconcelos admired Hitler's ability to rally the population behind a nationalist cause, knowing full well that the man himself would have considered Mexicans an “inferior people.” So he created a nomenclature, which gained steam in the 1960s, called the “la raza de bronce" (“the bronze race”) or La Raza Cósmica. He argued that it wouldn't be pureblooded Northern and Central Europeans that would dominate but, ironically, the “master race” would come as a mix of races, the mestizos, who would conquer the world and “achieve what the Aryans failed to.” Trying to follow this logic could give you a stroke, but yes, it appears that it is possible to be both Mexican and a Nazi.
Stavans doesn't deny that neo-Nazis most likely do exist in Mexico City today, as they may almost anywhere over the world, but believes what we saw at La Lagunilla to be a rather benign version of anti-Semitism, if that exists. “What you saw was purely at the pop level,” he says, a by-product of video games and movies that feature Nazis as macho men soldiers—in a recreation of a sort of twisted play on "cowboys and Indians". “It is not connected with the larger vision of neo-Nazism that you have in, say, Austria or Germany or in Scandinavia, or even in certain parts of Argentina. In Mexico it's mostly theologically empty. It is just images of these ‘warriors'. I wouldn't say that this is an orchestrated movement.”
Advertisement
In countries such as Brazil, Argentina or Paraguay, with complex histories of harboring former Nazis, and even occasionally rehousing them in the same neighborhoods as Holocaust survivors, the presence of swastikas and Nazi paraphernalia might foretell a more sinister force at work. But here, in Mexico City, their abundance seems to be either a byproduct of curiosity, a lack of historical education or even the aesthetics of machismo gone haywire.
This begs the question: Can a city strewn with copies of hate books and propaganda, even empty propaganda, really be a safe place for Jews, or gays, or communists, or almost any group persecuted by a far right ideology?
We reached out to several local synagogues for comment. Monica Unikel-Fasja, a rep for Synagogue Justo Sierra, who has also given Jewish-themed walking tours of Mexico City for over two decades says, well, basically the area isn't any worse than any other for Jews: “Yes, there are groups that follow the Nazi ideas, but they are not strong.” In Mexico, “there have always been anti-Semitic ideas, but Jews [here] have never experienced direct violence. Though threats, yes, there have been some.” As a result, most Jewish organizations, schools and synagogues in the community have a security system in place. But at the end of the day, “the Mexican Jewish community does not feel unsafe.”
Advertisement
And, apparently, despite the presence of oh so many terrifying swastikas, neither should we?
Laura Feinstein is the Head of Social Stories at Fusion. Formerly, she held staff roles as the East Coast Editor of GOOD Magazine and the EIC of The Creators Project at VICE, and has contributed to The Guardian, T/The New York Times, Paper Magazine and many others. She specializes in the niche, the esoteric and the un-boring.
Today, I present a song that is awesome. It was made by Moonlight_Bear, a tiny channel on Youtube. While we've seen this kind of stuff before – songs made from sound files in Minecraft, this one is different because of how epic it is! There's even an Enderman Solo, so you better listen for that!
Please accept statistics, marketing cookies to watch this video.
Listen to the music, and let us know what you think in the comments below!
Hey Gearcrafters! Now It's your chance to share with us, just hashtag #YoGearcraft on your Twitter post with a link or image to your art, creations, videos, servers or whatever and it will appear right on our #YoGearcraft page for millions to see! It's that easy! So what are you waiting for!? Give us a shout out #YoGearcraft!
This requires a bit of reading between the lines, but Jeff Williams, Apple's senior VP of operations, made an interesting remark about the auto industry during his chat at Code Conference today that won't do much to quell rumors of an Apple Car. Speaking to Walt Mossberg, Williams called the car "the ultimate mobile device," directly responding to an audience question about what Apple might do with its almost unfathomably large pile of cash:
Audience member: Are you guys going to do something with your $100 billion or are you just going to keep buying back shares? [Television, video games, cars, what categories?] Jeff Williams: Well the car is the ultimate mobile device, isn't it?
Of course, Apple is already heavily engaged in expanding into the car — widely seen as one of the next battlefronts for tech giants — through CarPlay, which will be rolled out by many of the world's biggest automakers over the coming year. But CarPlay already exists; responding vaguely to a question about cash reserves by talking up a present-day product doesn't seem like the direction Williams was going. More likely, he was either playing along with the rumor mill, or — rare for Apple — he dropped a legitimate hint about a car in Apple's future.
Unfortunately, Williams declined to explore the topic further, and probably for good reason: Bloomberg reported in February that it could be 2020 before the Apple Car could be on the road, assuming the project isn't killed along the way.
Donald Trump, the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee, has developed a national persona based on some unfortunate pillars: racism and conspiracy theories. Indeed, while we don't hear much about the subject anymore, the GOP candidate's rise to political notoriety came from Trump's temporary obsession with President Obama's birthplace.
The New York Times reported over the weekend on Trump's fleeting anti-Obama crusade in 2011, when the Republican met with prominent figures in the birther “movement” and did a series of interviews in which Trump questioned the president's country of birth .
As the Times report helped document, the GOP reality-show-personality-turned-conspiracy-theorist-turned-presidential-hopeful wasn't exactly subtle. “Why doesn't he show his birth certificate?” he asked on ABC's “The View.” “I want to see his birth certificate,” he told Fox News' “On the Record.” And on NBC's “Today Show,” he declared, “I'm starting to think that [the president] was not born here.”
The ridiculous campaign helped Trump cultivate ties to racist activists on the right-wing fringe, which years later, helped boost his GOP presidential candidacy.
The New York Republican has since dropped the issue – there are apparently other racially charged fights to pick and conspiracy theories to promote – but the Times' latest article added a detail I don't remember seeing reported elsewhere.
Mr. Trump also said repeatedly that he had sent a team of investigators to Hawaii to unearth information about Mr. Obama's birth records. “They cannot believe what they are finding,” Mr. Trump told ABC's “The View.” […] But for all of his fascination with the president's birth certificate, Mr. Trump apparently never dispatched investigators or made much of an effort to find the documents. Dr. Alvin Onaka, the Hawaii state registrar who handled queries about Mr. Obama, said recently through a spokeswoman that he had no evidence or recollection of Mr. Trump or any of his representatives ever requesting the records from the Hawaii State Department of Health.
Let's not brush past this too quickly – because the New York Times' report appears to offer proof that the way in which he pushed a bogus scam was itself a bogus scam.
“I have people that have been studying [Obama's origins] and they cannot believe what they're finding,” the would-be presidential candidate told NBC's “Today.” “You have people now out there searching – I mean, in Hawaii?” asked host Meredith Vieira. “Absolutely,” Trump replied. “And they cannot believe what they're finding.”
He added at the time that the president may be responsible for pulling off “one of the greatest scams in the history of politics.”
The irony is rich.
But not only was Trump peddling racist garbage, he appears to have also been lying about his own efforts. While he told a national television audience that he'd “absolutely” dispatched investigators to Hawaii, and those investigators had turned up extraordinary evidence, the Times' latest reporting suggests Trump made up the whole thing: the investigators and the findings existed solely in Trump's mind.
This wild election is headed toward a wild end.
Two women appear to have been arrested in New York City for protesting inside the polling station where Republican nominee Donald Trump will cast his ballot later today.
The women, who were topless, chanted anti-Trump slogans as what appear to be Secret Service agents grappled with them in front of a block of cameras and a stream of other voters.
Video of the incident was captured by Sharon Clott Kanter, a style director at People magazine.
Protest inside polling station where Trump votes. Two women arrested. #Election2016 #vote pic.twitter.com/YxXKb8NwMD — Sharon Clott Kanter (@sharonclott) November 8, 2016
More footage of the topless protest against Trump at my polling station. Two women arrested. #Election2016 pic.twitter.com/buWnurT0Ip — Sharon Clott Kanter (@sharonclott) November 8, 2016
The incident occurred at the High School of Art and Design on 56th street in Manhattan, just five blocks from Trump Tower. Kanter reported a slew of Secret Service agents at the location ahead of Trump casting his ballot.
New York forbids any form of electioneering inside a polling location or within 100 feet of its entrance. Women are, however, free to go topless in public in New York City without breaking the law.
Punches Thrown at Rally at Legislature
Punches were thrown and a 22-year-old man was arrested as a rally and counter-rally collided at the Manitoba Legislature on Saturday.
The man was arrested for obstructing a peace officer but he was later released from custody on a promise to appear in court.
A group consisting of members of Fascist Free Treaty 1, the American Indian Movement, the Crazy Indian Brotherhood, and Urban Warrior Alliance confronted a group that one of their members called a “white supremacist” group.
The confrontation turned violent, as members of both sides got involved in an altercation and began throwing fists at each other. This prompted security at the Legislature to call the police.
“There was a call for several Islamophobic, ultra-nationalist and white supremacists to hold rallies all throughout Canada,” said Omar Kinnarath, a member of the Fascist Free Treaty 1 group.
In a release to the media, Kinnarath called these rallies the ‘1 million deplorable Canadian march'. According to the group's Facebook page, the marches were being held to protest against Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
The rally of the self-styled anti-fascist group started out at City Hall, where they had planned to confront what they called a “white supremacist” group. But once they realized that the group had moved to the Legislature, they moved there to confront them.
Upon arrival at the lawns of the Legislative building, the self-styled anti-fascist group far outnumbered the protestors from what they referred to as the “white supremacist” group. It was then that things turned violent, and punches were thrown from both sides.
Once tempers had been settled by the police and the legislature security, the self-styled anti-fascist group took their rally on to Broadway Street, directly in front of the Legislature. The police kept a close watch as the group waved flags and chanted.
According to a media release from Kinnarath, this is the third time in three months these types of confrontations have happened. He states that the first was on March 4 at City Hall to protest against The Canadian Coalition of Concerned Citizens. He claims this group to be a far right, anti-refugee group, and the counterprotest to this group saw 300 members.
The second counter rally, according to Kinnarath's release, came on March 19, again at City Hall. This time, another group Kinnarath claims to be on the far right, the Soldiers of Odin, organized a rally that saw 100 people there to counter their rally.
Sun/Postmedia Network
[SOURCE]
The letter urging a mosque to lower the volume of the azan was put up on a Facebook account under the name of Ivan Goh, who has since denied any involvement in the matter. — Reuters pic
GEORGE TOWN, April 15 — The Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) should immediately remove the post on Facebook of a letter urging a mosque to lower the volume of the azan, DAP's Ramkarpal Singh Deo said today following a man's claim that the social media account was fake.
The DAP lawmaker also urged the Internet regulator and the police to investigate the culprit behind the posting.
The Bukit Gelugor MP said the police would have to find the real person behind the post, which was put up on a Facebook account under the name of Ivan Goh.
“Goh has already denied putting the post up so the police should investigate and find the real culprit behind it,” he told reporters outside the Northeast district police headquarters where some 15 Pakatan Rakyat (PR) leaders and members gathered this evening.
They lodged police reports on the incident and demanded that the police investigate the matter and take immediate action.
Northeast district police chief ACP Mior Farid Alathrash Wahid confirmed earlier that Goh had lodged a report after midnight today denying that he had posted the letter, which bore his name, on Facebook.
The letter was addressed to a mosque in Tanjung Bungah.
Goh, in his police report, also denied that the Facebook account belonged to him.
Earlier today, Penang Perkasa and Umno members lodged police reports on the incident.
Police have since recorded a full statement from Goh and Mior said they would be investigating the case under Section 298 A of the Penal Code for causing disharmony.
Now that Donald Trump has spent the past three days using Twitter to make clear to everyone involved that he's not even close to being mentally competent, momentum for invoking the 25th Amendment has grown dramatically. That support isn't merely coming from the American people. Congressman Jamie Raskin previously introduced a bill which would allow Congress to invoke the 25th on its own. Now that bill is rapidly gaining momentum among members of Congress.
The 25th Amendment is most widely known for giving the Vice President and the majority of the cabinet the ability to remove the President for being unfit. But Section 4 of the 25th actually goes further: “Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting President.”
In other words, the 25th Amendment says that if there's a law in place allowing Congress to remove the President, it can do so. That's why Jamie Raskin introduced such a law: it creates a Congressional panel for invoking the 25th. But now other members of Congress are signing on. For instance Joaquin Castro tweeted this at Raskin today: “Hey what's that 25th Amendment legislation you're working on? Track me down when we get back next week” (link). In fact, since Trump's latest Twitter meltdown began, there are now twenty-five members of Congress who have signed onto Raskin's bill.
To be clear, the 25th Amendment (removing the President for being incapable of doing the job), is an entirely different thing than impeachment (charging, trying, and possibly removing the President for committing a specific crime). It may be easier for Congress to demonstrate that Donald Trump is unfit for office than to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he's guilty of his various crimes (collusion, money laundering, obstruction of justice, etc). And some Republicans in moderate districts might be more inclined to support it, in the hope of avoided getting wiped out in the midterms. So Raskin's bill may end up being the most quick and efficient way of driving Trump out of office, beyond the public continuing to pressure Trump to resign. If you're a regular reader, feel free to support Palmer Report.
Song of my soul, my voice is dead,
Die thou, unsung, as tears unshed
Shall dry and die in
Lost Carcosa.
–Cassilda's Song in The King in Yellow, Act I, Scene 2
The streets of San Francisco are doused in rain, driving reasonable men and women indoors. You and your companions could never be described as reasonable. You walk with purpose, each of you carrying the tools of your trade. For the urchin girl, a thick and tattered leather-bound tome. For the Irish gangster, a well-used Thompson, shielded from the downpour by his long coat. For yourself, Dexter Drake, a silver-shod walking cane that could almost be mistaken for a staff. On the docks, you pause. The girl kneels, sketches a few lines in midair, and the air tears itself open—gazing through the dimensions, you see spiraling, alien towers, feel the heat of twin suns rising, taste the air of another world: Lost Carcosa.
Venture into the worlds beyond our own, and take your stand against the tides of madness. Signs of Carcosa is now available for Eldritch Horror, both at your local United States retailer and online through our webstore!
The Lure of Insanity
For much of the world, Hastur's approach is unknown and unknowable. Whelming tides of madness are seeping into humanity, but there are few outward signs of this silent perversion. You have peered behind the curtain, however, and you have seen the truth—yet now that you have seen, you can never erase that knowledge from your mind. Your ignorance has been stripped from you forever, and in the face of such mind-shattering horrors, it may be far easier—far more preferable—to walk the path of insanity into blissful amnesia…
In our first preview of Signs of Carcosa, we took a closer look at two of the four new investigators that dare test themselves against the power of Hastur in this expansion. You may choose to travel the world as Michael McGlen, a gangster out for revenge, or you may tap into your inner Talents by playing as Wendy Adams. Either way, new conditions like Headstrong and unique assets like Mastering the Art can enhance your abilities or reward you with powerful boons, provided you're willing to pay the price.
Next, we turned our eyes to the darkness that lies imprisoned within the Hyades—the power of Hastur, the Unspeakable One. Hastur struggles ceaselessly to escape from his dark prison, and now, his exertions have brought him dangerously close to Earth. In our second preview, we revealed the Ancient One sheet for Hastur and explored how his maddening influence can make it extremely difficult for you to maintain your Allies. With new monsters, new encounter cards for every region, and plenty of new assets, artifacts, spells, and conditions, you'll experience new trials every time you play with the addition of Signs of Carcosa.
Have You Seen the Yellow Sign?
Monstrous black creatures fly over the roofs of Shanghai. In the dark places of Buenos Aires, strange voices call out whining supplications, speaking a single name over and over. Arcane graffiti has been found in back alleys, marked with suspicious red stains. The power of Hastur is rising—but only you and your fellow investigators know the truth. Join the fight for the survival of humanity, and pick up your copy of Signs of Carcosa at your local retailer today!
Nicole Williamson, shown talking with CBC's Peter Mansbridge, survived the Resolute Bay plane crash in August and works next to the Yellowknife site where a Twin Otter float plane crashed on Thursday. ((CBC))
Two of the three survivors of the devastating First Air crash in Resolute Bay work for the company housed in a Yellowknife building that was narrowly missed by a second crashing plane on Thursday.
Neither survivor was in Yellowknife at the time, but witnesses say the Twin Otter float plane crashed directly into a vacant lot between their building and another low-rise building in Yellowknife's Old Town area.
"I can't believe that it missed both buildings," said Jill Groenewegan, a Yellowknife resident whose window looks out onto the crash site.
"It's crazy how close it is to both sides, and yet it managed to sort of squeeze between the two buildings."
One of the survivors, who works on contract for the company housed in one of the Yellowknife buildings, is Nicole Williamson, who told her story to CBC's Peter Mansbridge for a news broadcast earlier this week.
The other survivor is geologist Robin Wyllie, whose chest was crushed in the Aug. 20 plane crash.
In a column a couple of years ago, I noted that President Obama often resorts to the rhetorical tic/trick "there are those who"—a setup that warns you to be on the lookout for straw men. His speech today in Kansas (noted earlier this evening by Matt Welch and Mike Riggs) features a variation on that theme:
In the midst of this debate [about the best way to restore growth, prosperity, balance, and fairness], there are some who seem to be suffering from a kind of collective amnesia. After all that's happened, after the worst economic crisis, the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, they want to return to the same practices that got us into this mess. In fact, they want to go back to the same policies that stacked the deck against middle-class Americans for way too many years. And their philosophy is simple: We are better off when everybody is left to fend for themselves and play by their own rules. I am here to say they are wrong.
Who are these "some" who say everyone should fend for himself while playing by his own rules? Obama does not say, but they sound like real dicks, don't they? A quick search of the White House website suggests that "some" are at least as bad as "those":
Inaugural address, January 21, 2009: "There are some who question the scale of our ambitions, who suggest that our system cannot tolerate too many big plans. Their memories are short."
Speech to the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, March 10, 2009: "There are some who believe we can only handle one challenge at a time."
Health care speech, August 20, 2009: "There are some people who, for partisan reasons, just want to see this go down...you know, if we can beat a health care bill like we did with Bill Clinton, then we'll be able to take over the House, you know, next year....And then there are some people who just ideologically, they just don't believe in government getting involved in anything."
Speech in Holland, Michigan, August 11, 2011: "There are some in Congress right now who would rather see their opponents lose than see America win. And that has to stop."
Speech at a DNC event in Chicago, August 3, 2011: "We finally put some common-sense rules so that banks aren't taking the kinds of risk that almost led to an economic meltdown, and that consumers are protected when you get credit cards or mortgages. And, frankly, there are some folks in Congress who are trying to block us from making that progress."
White House Rural Economic Forum in Peosta, Iowa, August 16, 2011: "I know there are naysayers out there. We know that there are some who see hard times and think that we've got to accept less, that our best days are past."
Speech on the American Jobs Act in Denver, September 27, 2011: "There are some folks in Washington who don't get it. This isn't about giving me a win. This is about giving Democrats and Republicans a chance to do something for the American people. It's about giving people who are hurting a win. That's what this is about."
Let me be clear. This naysaying by partisan, anti-American, anti-consumer, nihilistic, amnesiac reactionaries who say our best days are behind us and think government has no role in anything is wrong, and it has to stop.
Addendum: Some claim Tim Cavanaugh blogged about "those" three months before my column. They are right.
For the majority of my life, I've felt completely lost when it comes to giving. I never felt I had enough money to give, and have always had the fear that my dollar wouldn't be put to good use. However, with the recent explosion of technology, and the embracement of social media and crowdsourcing, I believe, for the first time in human history, we can put these frustrations behind us. We can create a world where giving is easy, effective and accessible for every one of our three billion internet users. That's why I've spent the last two years putting everything I've learned in the web and marketing industry into creating a company that aims to do just that — I call it Altruist.
Just $1
Altruist is all about coming together as a community to make the greatest impact — we can do more together than we ever could alone. Altruist members commit to donating just a dollar each month to a new nonprofit. That dollar may not seem like a lot, but with every new member, our impact is growing.
If just one percent of the U.S. population joined Altruist, we could raise over $38 million each year, and the US only makes up 5% of the world population.
Where that $1 Goes
We use our giving philosophy to select our nonprofits, so you know your dollar is being put to good use. And because we want these organizations to do the most good they can, we never take a cut — 100% of member donations are given directly to our nonprofits.
We also work with brands that want to make a difference. Our growing Partner Network is made up of businesses that have committed to donating $1 from the sale of select goods and/or services to our monthly nonprofits. This makes it easy for companies and entrepreneurs to make Smart Giving a priority, and gives them exposure to our community of caring individuals.
Interested in being a Partner? Contact Us
At the end of the day, we just want to make the world better. And by showing that charitable giving can be easy and accessible to everyone, we think we can do just that. We believe that small things, done together, can change the world.
Then, through the cafe's automatic glass sliding doors, entered a bearded 50-year-old man. This was Man Haron Monis. He was wearing a bandanna and carrying a blue bag that contained a shotgun. Hostages flee after police raided the Lindt cafe. Credit:Andrew Meares The staff and customers could not have understood why Monis disabled the automatic glass doors, so nobody else could enter. They had no clues to his antecedents: the refugee who had fled from Iran to Australia in 1996, claiming he was persecuted for his liberal take on Islam; who became a self-proclaimed spiritual healer, peddling astrology and black magic, and a self-anointed sheikh; who would renounce his Shia roots to become a Sunni; who would be convicted of harassing the families of Australian soldiers killed in Afghanistan and an Austrade official who died in the Marriott Hotel bombing in Jakarta; who was on bail for his alleged complicity in the brutal murder of his former wife. Suddenly Monis ordered the 17 other people in the cafe to get on the floor. A woman trying to enter from Martin Place saw this happening. She called police.
A minute or so later, at 9.45am, a staff member called Bruno arrived for his shift but he also could not enter. He watched what was happening through the glass. Soon the terrified face of Ms Chen appeared. She was pressed against the glass and, on Monis' orders, holding aloft a black flag scrawled with Arabic text in white, which translated as: "There is no god but Allah. And Muhammad is his messenger." Police began to evacuate Martin Place of thousands of people. Channel Seven's news teams, in their studio opposite the cafe in Martin Place, were evacuated but their camera kept running on the action. The startling images of Ms Chen and other hostages, the palms of their hands pressed against the glass, were beamed around the world.
Monis identified himself to his hostages as The Brother. But while police evacuated surrounding city blocks, nobody knew quite what the hostages were enduring inside the cafe. Among them were four staff members from the Westpac building across the mall. They included project manager Marcia Mikhael, a 43-year-old mother of three from Glenwood, in Sydney's north-west. The stakes became clearer when posts appeared on her Facebook page on Monday afternoon. "Dear friends and family," Ms Mikhael wrote. "I'm at the Lindt Cafe at Martin Place being held hostage by a member of the ISI [Islamic State]. "The man who is keeping us hostage has asked for small and simple requests and none have been met. "He is now threatening to start killing us. We need help right now. The man wants the world to know that Australia is under attack by the Islamic State."
But about 4.35pm there came hope. Two of the hostages, Stefan Balafoutis and the man aged in his 80s, ran from the cafe, escaping through the automatic doors. Soon after, a cafe worker fled through a service door. And just before 5pm, two women, Elly Chen and fellow cafe worker Bae Ji-eun, a 20-year-old Korean student, escaped. Inside the cafe, however, this only infuriated Monis. The youngest of his captives, 19-year-old Jarrod Hoffman, from Bondi, called radio 2GB and The Daily Telegraph to relay Monis's demands: he wanted a direct line to Prime Minister Tony Abbott and an Islamic State flag delivered to the cafe. "He says an eye for an eye," Mr Hoffman said. "If someone else runs, someone dies." He added: "I have had a shotgun put at my head. Yes we do need help, but that will only happen if demands are met." Media complied with police requests not to publish these messages or Monis's demands while the siege continued. Monis was using the hostages to get his word out, and police did not want anyone playing into his hands.
But he persevered. He ordered hostages to deliver video messages shot on a smartphone. These were posted on Monday evening using the YouTube account of another hostage, 21-year-old Joel Herat, a staff member at the cafe. YouTube took down the videos, but they spread on social media. "Hi everyone, I'm Selina Win Pe," said Ms Mikhael's colleague, from Westpac's global transformation project. "We have three specific requests and none of these have been met. "One is to send an IS flag as soon as possible and one hostage will be released. Two, please broadcast to all media that this is an attack against Australia by Islamic State. "And number three is for Tony Abbott to contact The Brother on a live feed and five hostages will be released. "Most importantly, there are three bombs around George Street, Martin Place and also at Circular Quay and in order for these not to be ignited we need these three things to be met as soon as possible," Ms Win Pe said. "Please help us."
Similar video messages were delivered by Ms Mikhael and barrister Julie Taylor, who began, "This is a message to Tony Abbott". But Ms Win Pe became more desperate in a call to the Telegraph, pleading: "We've got pregnant ladies in here and sick and elderly … We have not heard from Tony Abbott. We have been asking him to call us to have a long conversation. He clearly doesn't give a shit because he hasn't called us since 9.45 this morning … Help us. Help us to get Tony Abbott to call this gentleman to send the fricking Islamic State flag …" The demands were not met. But at 2am, more than 16 hours after the siege began, it appears the 12 remaining hostages seized their chance. Monis began to drift off to sleep. They dashed for the exit. Monis roused and started shooting. Tori Johnson, the cafe manager, attempted to wrestle the gun from him. Monis shot him dead, although Mr Johnson's wounds suggest he beat him severely before firing the fatal shot, one source said.
At 2.03am, six of the hostages ran out a service door. They included Harriette Denny, Jarrod Hoffman and software engineer Viswakanth Ankireddy, a 32-year-old from India who is living in Sydney with his wife and young daughter and working on a Westpac project. Outside, police had heard the shots. And a sharp-shooter had seen Mr Johnson go down, one report said. Now they had to storm the cafe or many more people would die, Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said later. About 2.10am they shot down the glass doors and blazed into the cafe in a hail of gunfire and lightning flashes of light. In those final seconds, they killed Monis. But the barrister Katrina Dawson – mother of three, and Julie Taylor's coffee companion – was also killed in the firefight. Police believe it was Monis's bullet that killed her. Injured in those final violent seconds were Marcia Mikhael, shot in the leg, the 75-year-old woman, shot in the shoulder, a 52-year-old woman who was shot in the foot, and a 39-year-old policeman whose face was sprayed with pellets. He was released from hospital and Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn said: "His only words to me were, 'I'll be back at work tomorrow'."
Fifteen hostages were alive, but Ms Dawson and Mr Johnson became the victims of Man Haron Monis, a deranged lone wolf who wanted the world to believe he was an Islamic State warrior. He had been born with the name Mohammad Hassan Manteghi. He grew up to become a fake sheik, a pretend spiritual healer and a wannabe terrorist. Nobody believed him. But he was dangerous and, for more than 16 hours, he did terrorise a nation.
Jesus just got kicked out of public schools in Henry County, Georgia.
The school district fired off a directive to school administrators ordering them to eradicate anything remotely religious from all public school buildings.
Click here to join Todd's American Dispatch: a must-read for Conservatives!
One of my readers sent me a copy of the directive from the Henry County School District that was relayed to the staff at East Lake Elementary School.
“You are hereby directed to remove all items which contain religious symbols, such as crosses, printed bibles, angels, bible verses, printed prayers, and biblical quotations from the common areas, hallways, classrooms, and office of East Lake Elementary School,” the edict read.
“Further…religious and biblical references should not be included in notes to parents, email signature lines, or any other correspondence sent on behalf of East Lake Elementary School,” the edict continued.
But the Henry County School District wasn't quite finished with their orders to eradicate religion from the school house.
“Finally, please remember that all references to holiday parties should comply with the Henry County School District's Policy, Procedure and Practices for Holidays,” the edict concluded.
Something tells me there won't be any Nativity Scenes in Henry County public schools.
District spokesman J.D. Hardin confirmed the authenticity of the directive – sent to administrators on Monday.
“It was not intended as something that was supposed to be shared or put out with public consumption,” he told me. “It was more of a directive for our administrators to remind their employees of this particular law that is in pace as dictated by the federal government.”
Mr. Hardin seems to think the U.S. Constitution mandates that teachers must voluntarily relinquish their rights at the school house door.
“The Establishment Clause stipulates that the government may not promote or affiliate itself with any religious doctrine or organization,” he said. “Henry County Schools is a government entity.”
Mr. Hardin was stressed that the directive covers all religions – but it's pretty clear only one was being targeted.
The edict made no mention of the Koran or prayer rugs. I'm just trying to keep it real, folks.
The school district will still allow teachers to wear religious jewelry – so long as it's not “overt or way out there.”
“They can wear things that are small trinkets,” Mr. Hardin explained.
Bibles and Bible verses are a big no-no.
“They cannot have a Bible sitting on top of their desk or they cannot have some other type of religious doctrine sitting on their desk,” he said.
So what about the library? Would they also ban the Bible from the library?
“That's a good question,” Mr. Hardin said. “I don't know that we have any Bibles within our libraries.”
Now, if this is beginning to sound like some sort of Soviet-era religious cleansing, you aren't alone.
“Edicts like this remind me of how my wife used to live under the persecution of Communism, how they used to stifle any religious expression whatsoever,” said Dr. Emir Caner, president of Truett-McConnell University.
Truett-McConnell is a Christian university based in north Georgia --- known for its education degree.
“It seems like the school system wishes to eradicate any form of religious expression except for their own atheist and secular views,” Caner told me.
He wondered if the district would forbid young Jewish men from wearing yarmulkes or young Muslim women from wearing hijabs.
“Or are they simply targeting Christians and discriminating against them,” he asked.
So how is Truett-McConnell preparing its education students to teach in public school classrooms that are hostile to Christianity?
“We are preparing educators with a biblical worldview to love your neighbor as yourself, to esteem others better than themselves,” he said. “But perhaps a secularist will outlaw that one day as well.”
And if they do?
“If they do, our students know to stand for Christ and not culture – regardless of the consequences,” he replied.
As long as there are close fights, MMA is going to be faced with cries of robberies.
Most of those times those cries are about judgment calls that could have gone either way. Outright robberies do exist, such as the Ross Pearson loss last year to Diego Sanchez , a decision simply impossible to justify. But usually what seems to be bad calls are a result of a flawed scoring system grandfathered in by boxing commissioners, a points system that doesn't even work all that well in boxing.
Saturday's Michael Johnson vs. Beneil Dariush bout from Nashville was not based on a systematic issue. This decision was on the judges themselves.
Dariush's shocking win had all three judges, Richard Bertrand, Sal D'Amato and Douglas Crosby, in agreement that Johnson won the first round and Dariush won the third. Most watching agreed with that assessment, although round three was close enough that you could argue Johnson won it.
So the decision came down to round two. Bertrand and Crosby gave the round, and the fight, to Dariush. After repeated watching of the round, while Johnson did not blow Dariush away, he also clearly won the round. He landed 35 significant strikes to 22 for Dariush based on fightmetric.com numbers. His strikes were also harder and did more damage. He also stuffed every attempt by Dariush to take the fight to the ground.
While blocking takedowns is not scoring under the current judging criteria, Octagon control, clearly in the favor of Johnson, is. He was also the aggressor for most of the round.
But when you deal with the human element, these things will happen. Judging from media scorecards, everyone of which went for Johnson, it was a significant minority viewpoint that Dariush took the fight, but two of the judges had it for him.
Having judged fights in the past, there are a number of things to note. First, the judges don't have any access to statistics. Second, there are line of sight issues at cage side, and sometimes the television viewer has a better viewpoint then a judge, although in states where judges have monitors, that helps. The big advantage judges have over television viewers is they are right there, and they can see visual damage with a better perspective, and they can hear the sound of the blows with more clarity than a television viewer. But in this case, when it's clear that Johnson's blows were harder and did more damage, that only makes the final verdict even more confusing.
There is also an elephant in the room regarding Crosby.
Back in April, he was the subject of significant controversy during a fight with Al Iaquinta against Jorge Masvidal . Iaquinta won a split decision, although Crosby's card was 30-27 for Masvidal. Ironically, a lot of people, myself included, felt he was the lone judge to have the right winner. But the issue went deeper. Iaquinta noted that Crosby has had issues with Iaquinta's camp, and in particular, his trainer, Ray Longo. In an interview on the MMA Hour, Iaquinta felt when he saw Crosby judging his fight, that he was already one judge down.
Crosby had no business judging the Iaquinta vs. Masvidal fight. This is not meant to say he is a good or bad judge overall, as, like any veteran judge, you have your ups and downs but overall his record is closer to the high end than the low end. But he should have excused himself because of past issues with the trainer of a fighter on the show. He didn't do that, but given that Iaquinta won the fight, it wasn't a major issue, as it was here. But if the fight had been even closer, and his opinion decided the verdict, it would have created a far more embarrassing situation.
The problem is that wasn't the end of it.
Crosby later went on Chael Sonnen's podcast and did what appeared to be an Andy Kaufman routine of playing a character, while Sonnen, working with him, went off on how he was the worst guest in the history of his show, as the show was going on. Clearly Sonnen didn't mean it, since Sonnen had him back on. But during the show, Crosby made fun of Longo on several occasions. Again, whether he's competent as a judge or not, a judge probably shouldn't be playing a role on a podcast, and he surely shouldn't be insulting a well-known trainer of a fighter that he had just judged after it had already come up that there were past issues between the two of them.
Since that incident, his name seemed to have disappeared. He hadn't rendered a decision in a UFC fight since that show. It was hard to believe a commission would bring him in, but there he was and in the center of c ontroversy. Again, this isn't saying there was any bias involved in this specific decision, but a judge shouldn't be a guy publicly cutting promos on people involved with the sport in the position of Longo.
The positive out of all this is Dana White made it abundantly clear he believed Johnson won the fight.
"OMFG!!! That is HORRIBLE!!! That's why u can't leave it to these judges!!!!" he wrote after Johnson's four fight win streak was shockingly over in.
Then he wrote, "The main event better be ready if they leave those 2 judges in there!!! Hopefully they are being sent packing RIGHT NOW."
There was nothing said about Johnson getting his win bonus. White has given fighters win bonuses in the past when he felt they had won a fight that judges ruled against them. But in the position Johnson is in, a division with a long line of title contenders, if the company treats this as a loss, can derail his career.
The ratings themselves will be interesting. Johnson came in as the No. 5 ranked contender. Even had he won, he was not going to leapfrog Anthony Pettis Donald Cerrone or Khabib Nurmagomedov for a top three spot, but he could have beaten out Eddie Alvarez was No. 4.
But he didn't win. As a loss, it would drop him down and bring Dariush, who was No. 12, into the top ten as he would normally be elevated for beating No. 5? That's an issue right there, because if you rate based on who was judged the winner of the fight, Dariush has to go way up, and Johnson has to go down. But one would think most voters would disagree that the decision on who won.
If he is booked by UFC as if he was the No. 5 ranked contender who has won his fifth in a row, he should be in line for a big name and not be far from title contention. If they book him like he's coming off a loss, and put him in with a lower ranked fighter, it will take a number of wins to make up for this loss.
Let's look at how Fortunes Changed for Five stars of Saturday's show.
GLOVER TEIXEIRA - Teixeira (23-4) finished Ovince Saint Preux in the third round in his most impressive performance since knocking out Ryan Bader two years ago. With everyone ranked ahead of him already scheduled to fight, he may have to sit and wait for Oct. 3 to roll around, with Daniel Cormier's title defense against Teixeira (23-4) finished Ovince Saint Preux in the third round in his most impressive performance since knocking out Ryan Bader two years ago. With everyone ranked ahead of him already scheduled to fight, he may have to sit and wait for Oct. 3 to roll around, with Daniel Cormier's title defense against Alexander Gustafsson and the Rashad Evans vs. Bader top contenders match.
He'd have to face one of the two losers since the winners would likely go against each other. If he's looking for a fight now, his best bet would be Mauricio Shogun Rua (23-10) or Patrick Cummins (8-2), both coming off wins the previous week in Rio de Janeiro.
OVINCE SAINT PREUX - Saint Preux (18-7) looked like a rising star with stoppages of both Rua and Cummins in his previous two fights.
But at 32 years old, Teixeira exploited a significant weakness, in that he can be taken down, and the top people in the division, with strong wrestling and fighting backgrounds seem out of his reach.
If he's a lucky man, he can get Rampage Jackson (36-11), which would be a big name potential television main event that will allow Saint Preux a shot at a major rebound. But Jackson didn't want to fight him on this show, so a more likely opponent would be Antonio Rogerio Nogueira (21-7).
MICHAEL JOHNSON - If Johnson (17-9) is booked as if he won his last fight, he'd be in line next for big names, like Anthony Pettis (18-3), Benson Henderson (22-5) or Eddie Alvarez (26-4). By all rights he should get one of those three.
If booked like he lost the fight, his next opponent could be Al Iaquinta (13-3-1) or Tony Ferguson (19-3).
BENEIL DARIUSH - Dariush (12-1) is in a similar situation. Coming off his performance with Johnson, he'd look like a good next opponent for Iaquinta, Ferguson or Dariush (12-1) is in a similar situation. Coming off his performance with Johnson, he'd look like a good next opponent for Iaquinta, Ferguson or Edson Barboza (16-3). Getting the win can't hurt him, as he does have an official five-fight winning streak. Dariush looks like he's a solid opponent for anyone in the division, but didn't show signs of being a top five fighter on Saturday.
AMANDA NUNES - In stopping No. 4 ranked In stopping No. 4 ranked Sara McMann in just 2:53 of the first round, Nunes should come out of it as the highest ranked woman's bantamweight that hasn't yet faced and lost to Ronda Rousey
The win makes her a strong title contender, and one would argue, the logical next in line after Miesha Tate provided the Cris Cyborg fight doesn't materialize.
Pollster and political strategist Pat Caddell agreed with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Monday that the recount effort now being pushed by Green Party candidate Jill Stein, with the help and support of Hillary Clinton, is an attempt to “delegitimize” President-elect Donald Trump.
“What Donald Trump must understand,” said Caddell, “is that this war didn't end on Election Day. This war will be fought every day.”
“What he has done is now positioned himself to take power away from a group of people in the political elite of both parties and in the unelected media. They will fight back every inch of the way,” he added.
As for the recount process itself, Caddell said, “this thing smells to high heaven. This is a process that's going nowhere. There's not enough votes.”
“This election is over. There's a lot to learn from it, but not be bogged down from it,” he concluded.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
Theo Epstein's front office is heading into Year 6 with the Cubs and they're finally talking about a pitcher as one of the organization's most exciting prospects.
That's how senior vice president of scouting and player development Jason McLeod framed his Dylan Cease report to fans at the Cubs Convention at the Sheraton Grand Chicago last weekend.
It was a tongue-in-cheek summation from McLeod after he spent the previous few minutes fawning over Cease, the Cubs' sixth round pick in 2014.
Of course, McLeod and the Cubs can poke fun at the lack of impact pitching the farm system has developed when the homegrown position players like Kris Bryant and Kyle Schwarber just helped lead the franchise to its first World Series championship in over a century.
Cease, however, has been one of the more intriguing Cubs prospects for years — a right-handed pitcher capable of touching 101 mph on the radar gun.
"This guy is throwing lightning bolts out of his arm," McLeod said. "It's really exciting. But we also understaned he's only in Low-A this year, so he's far away."
The Cubs expect Cease to pitch for Class-A South Bend in 2017 after spending last season pitching for short-season Eugene and the 2015 campaign working in the rookie league in Arizona.
Cease — who just turned 21 in late December — put up some impressive numbers at both stops in the Cubs system, posting a 2.36 ERA and 1.165 WHIP to go along with a whopping 91 strikeouts in 68.2 innings. He also only surrendered one homer and walked more batters (41) than reached via a basehit (39).
Control is obviously an issue for Cease, but the upside is evident.
"He's so far away," McLeod said. "He's gonna go into 2017 as a starter. As with a lot of young guys, it's gonna come down to command and depend on that third pitch and the ability to land them for strikes.
"It's a special arm. He can pitch 95-100 mph with a big power curveball. He's unlike anyone else we have in our system since we've been here in terms of pure stuff."
[SHOP CUBS: Get your Cubs gear right here]
One fan compared Cease to Carl Edwards Jr. in terms of their lanky build and high velocity, setting McLeod up for a layup joke.
"Well, Dylan is much stronger physically than CJ is...as is everybody in this room," McLeod said as the ballroom filled with laugher. "Don't tell [CJ] I said that.
"They have different body types, obviously. Carl is long and lanky and Dylan has probably put on 20 pounds since we drafted him, so he's more like 6-foot-2, 190."
By comparison, Edwards — who goes by "The String Bean Slinger" for his slight build — is listed at 6-foot-3, 170 pounds.
Edwards was drafted in the 48th round in 2011 and spent his whole minor-league career as a starting pitcher until the Cubs converted him to a reliever in 2015.
Cease may eventually go down the same path, but the Cubs are going to give him every opportunity to make it as a starter first.
Cease was one of the top pitchers available in the 2014 draft, but his stock took a hit when he was forced to undergo Tommy John surgery on his pitching elbow while at Milton High School in Georgia.
That scared off a lot of teams — as did the potential signability issues with college offers looming — but the Cubs took a chance and have now watched Cease soar to a top prospect in the system (No. 4 by Baseball America; No. 7 by FanGraphs and Baseball Prospectus) despite the cautious approach and lack of innings in professional ball.
"We have to thank Kyle Schwarber, actually, as one of the main reasons we got to sign Dylan Cease," McLeod said. "Because we took Kyle fourth overall, we were able to save money on the selection with him, which gave us the resources to go get Dylan Cease.
"He was a Top 10 pick in the draft — a high school arm that got hurt, fell down to the fifth round and he had a commitment to Vanderbilt, I think it was, and we were able to use the money we saved from Kyle.
"Just another reason to love Kyle Schwarber."
Daniel Wells is finally starting to hit his straps at Collingwood
HIGH-PROFILE Collingwood recruit Daniel Wells admits he was not in peak physical condition when he arrived at the Magpies, largely due to not being able to train while on off-season trips overseas.
It follows earlier comments made on SEN radio in February by Collingwood coach Nathan Buckley, who revealed Wells "wasn't in match condition when he arrived".
"I had a couple of trips overseas and probably didn't have the opportunity to do much training and I was a bit sore coming back from finishing off that season," Wells told Fox Footy on Monday night.
"But there's no excuse. Every player needs to come back in good shape but I suppose that's what the pre-season is for as well.
"I came back and worked really hard to get back into good shape and it doesn't take me long, so I was always pretty confident."
Wells endured an injury-interrupted pre-season after suffering a setback to his troublesome calf last December.
The 32-year-old made his Collingwood debut in the Anzac Day blockbuster against Essendon in round five and showed his class in Sunday's upset 29-point win over Geelong, delivering precision kicks through the middle.
• The Stats Files: Five ways Daniel Wells can revive the Magpies
Wells managed just 12 matches throughout 2014 and 2015 due to foot, calf and Achilles issues, but made positive inroads last season by playing 19 games.
He signed with the Magpies as an unrestricted free agent on a three-year deal during last year's NAB AFL Trade Period.
The smooth-moving onballer knocked back a two-year offer to stay at North Melbourne, where he played 243 games over 14 seasons.
Wells said the Kangaroos' decision to part ways with their four veterans – Brent Harvey, Drew Petrie, Michael Firrito and Nick Dal Santo – had no bearing on his desire to leave Arden Street.
"Every player has got their own journey to partake and I can't rely on other people to make my decisions, so it was purely something separate from those guys," Wells said.
"I left the club in pretty good terms and (I wanted) a bit of a change, a good opportunity and also the three years helped as well – it probably pushed me over the line."
Police say two occupants of helicopter have died and two people in two-seater plane after crash near village of Waddesdon
Four dead as helicopter and plane collide in mid-air in Buckinghamshire
Four people have died after a helicopter and a two-seater plane crashed in mid-air over Buckinghamshire.
Police said it was “too early to tell” what might have caused the collision, and were focusing on identifying the victims and informing their next of kin. Two people were killed in each aircraft.
The Air Accidents Investigation Branch and Thames Valley police have launched a joint investigation into the incident near Waddesdon Manor, which is managed by the Rothschild Foundation on behalf of the National Trust.
Paramedics, firefighters and police rushed to Wilderness woods, close to the village of Waddesdon, six miles from Aylesbury, at 12.06pm on Friday after members of the public saw the aircraft fall into the woodland.
Len Bellis, a gardener on the Wilderness estate, who arrived on the crash site just minutes afterwards, reported hearing a “horrendous mechanical noise” that “sounded like a tin shed collapsing”. He said moments that earlier, a shepherd on the estate had heard the sound of an aircraft spluttering.
Bellis drove to the site of the crash in his van where he found the 1.5-metre fuselage of the burning plane. He said that although he did not realise at the time, he was just metres from a body, which was in grass close to the wreckage.
“You wouldn't have recognised the plane as anything. It was nonexistent,” he said.
The helicopter fell into the woods about 50 metres from the plane, according to the gardener.
A member of the Rothschild family, who lives on the grounds opposite Wilderness woods, said the mid-air crash had missed her by five minutes and she was “totally shocked”. Just minutes earlier, she had been picking plants in the woods.
She was driving near the woods when she heard a bang, but thought it was a car crash as a corner on the road nearby is an accident hotspot.
A spokesman for the nearby Wycombe Air Park, which often trains novice pilots, confirmed that both aircraft had come from the airfield.
A Notice to Airmen was previously issued to warn pilots that the airfield's air traffic control services would be closed during three 30-minute periods on selected days between November 7-30 due to a “staff shortage”.
The crash occurred about half an hour after the latest closure was due to end.
The plane involved was a Cessna 152, built in 1982 and owned by Airways Aero Associations, which is based at Wycombe Air Park.
It had flown almost 14,000 hours as of May and had previously suffered substantial damage to its landing gear, propeller and engine after a crash at a Cornish airfield in 1993.
John Bercow, the local MP, said: “The air collision near Waddesdon is clearly extremely serious and I express my thanks to the emergency services for responding so quickly.
“Naturally, the Air Accidents Investigation Branch will need to look at this collision but in the meantime my thoughts are very much with those involved in the incident, and their friends and families.”
Donald Trump is at a new plateau among Republicans nationally, sitting at 56 percent, compared to only 22 percent for Ted Cruz and 14 percent for John Kasich, according to an NBC News poll.
With those numbers, it becomes awfully hard to deny him the nomination, no matter what happens today in Indiana, where most polls show him well ahead. I can see unbound delegates who have pledged to Cruz under enormous pressure to support Trump.
The poll also appears to put the lie to the notion that Cruz does better against Hillary Clinton than Trump – a key selling point for Cruz. Hillary leads Trump by only six points, 43-37 percent and that's before his moniker of “crooked Hillary” gains traction. Hillary beats Cruz by 44-30 percent.
Before BuzzFeed Editor Ben Smith published his smug Wednesday memo in which he defended BuzzFeed writers who want to call Trump a “mendacious racist” on social media, he interviewed a renowned psychoanalyst who told him that Trump is a “real American nationalist” with an “observable… love of his country.”
Stanley Renshon, “a practicing psychoanalyst who also has a Ph.D. in political science and teaches at the City University of New York Graduate from Center,” has written books that are, according to Smith, “a clockwork feature of American public life: fascinating and the product of serious intellectual labor.”
Smith said he “needed a bit of expertise” about Trump, so he contacted Renshon, who—lo and behold—also “shares with Trump a skepticism about immigration.”
“He appears to be a real American nationalist with an observable, if bombastic, love of his country,” Renshon told Smith last week. “Obviously a love of country is inconsistent with real narcissism, where there is no room for love of anybody or anything but yourself.”
Renshon added regarding Trump, “I think he genuinely feels like the country is going to hell, and I think he genuinely feels he can do something about it.”
In his Wednesday memo, Smith wrote that is “entirely fair to call [Trump] a mendacious racist, as the politics team and others have reported clearly and aggressively. He's out there saying things that are false, and running an overtly anti-Muslim campaign.”
Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large Joel Pollak observed that “the broader problem is that Smith's memo would have a chilling effect in any company. It makes clear that defending Donald Trump is to be equated with racism. In fact, Smith does not even seem to acknowledge that some Buzzfeed employees might have a favorable opinion of Trump, and his memo tends to preclude that possibility in future.”
Pollak also wrote that “what is particularly interesting is that Smith would publish this memo. Behind the self-righteous moral preening lies a stark admission of political intolerance.”
Australia's Victorian state parliament passed a draconian anti-protest bill on Tuesday, prompting protests in the Melbourne parliament chamber that were violently shut down by security.
The Summary Offenses and Sentencing Amendment Bill has been widely criticized as a crackdown on freedom of expression and public protest, as well as an attack on marginalized, poor, homeless, and undocumented people.
When opponents of the bill voiced their opposition during debate in the chamber on Tuesday, security "proceeded to drag people by their arms, legs and their necks out of the gallery for daring to express the concerns of the community," said protester Samantha Castro in an interview with 7 News describing the scene, which was captured on the video below.
In addition, a riot police squad was called to the scene to disband the approximately 30 protesters. The demonstrators "were representative of a much larger movement, of many [thousands] of people who do not want to see democracy further stifled in this state," wrote Nicola Paris of nonviolent direct action group CounterAct, in a statement about the action.
Now passed, the bill drastically expands police powers to force individuals or groups of people in public places to "move on" on the suspicion that they will cause violence, obstruction, or sell drugs, and it expands powers to ban, imprison, and fine people who are deemed not in compliance.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"These laws will disproportionately affect marginalized young people, people experiencing homelessness, poverty, and mental health issues who occupy public spaces, both as a result of social choice and necessity," reads a statement from a coalition of Australian organizations that oppose the bill.
"By necessity, people experiencing homelessness live their lives in public places," reads a statement from Australian organization Justice Connect. "Unlike the rest of us who could go home if told to move-on, homeless people have no-where else to go."
Many suspect the law is aimed, in part, at stifling demonstrations and worker pickets in the state, including Melbourne protests against an East West Link Road under construction that critics charge would displace residents, contaminate the environment, and expand carbon pollution.
Describing the Tuesday protests, Paris wrote, "We were there for unionists, for teachers, for nurses, for people who fought for the rights we now have. We were there for environmentalists, for people who care for refugees, who care about the city we live in, and who have saved the buildings we now cherish. We were there for those defending their homes and communities from an unwanted road project that will bring no benefit but much pollution, at a cost of billions."
"This legislation is yet another step down the slippery slope. If we don't fight for our rights now, they will take them away."
_____________________
Somewhere, somehow, on the one Sunday of the fall he is allowed to decompress, you could picture Bears general manager Ryan Pace retreating to a quiet place, staring off into the distance and finally taking a deep breath.
Wow. This has been some month.
In the always chaotic NFL, the Bears have had themselves quite an eventful stretch, a fall filled with roster shake-ups and heartening comebacks and drama of all kinds.
So as the sun set Sunday on the Bears' off week and the team glanced forward at a demanding five-game November, it was imperative that Pace return to the controls with one necessary action: Ctrl+Alt+Del.
A reboot is necessary in Lake Forest after a midweek disturbance that proved downright, well, disturbing. On Wednesday, respected veteran Jeremiah Ratliff arrived at Halas Hall in no condition to work, according to multiple sources. And when asked to leave — with a family member summoned to pick him up — Ratliff exploded.
He became, according to sources, belligerent and insubordinate. And when it became obvious he was no longer standing on solid ground with his employer, Ratliff's anger sparked multiple returns to team headquarters with outbursts menacing enough that the Bears called Lake Forest police as a precaution.
On the surface it was a disruption that hearkened back to last season's debilitating dysfunction within the franchise. Yet Pace's swift and decisive action to terminate Ratliff's contract spoke volumes for a new regime unwilling to tolerate misconduct and pushing to stifle threats to the team's growing chemistry.
Comeback wins over the Raiders and Chiefs to start October sparked an energy surge within the locker room, creating widespread confidence that progress is escalating. And in that context, the Bears could not let the month end with growing tension, anxiety and uncertainty surrounding what exactly will be tolerated.
Say this much for Pace, a 38-year-old rookie GM still feeling out the nuances of his new role: he's firm in his convictions. He is certain there has been a positive culture change within the organization since January. And he's determined to protect that cohesiveness by attacking his front-office responsibilities without fear.
Ratliff, keep in mind, isn't the first big-name Bear to depart suddenly.
On Sept. 28, linebackers Jared Allen and Jon Bostic were traded, to the Panthers and the Patriots, respectively. A day later, safety Brock Vereen was cut.
When Pace becomes certain that a player just isn't a fit for what the Bears are aiming to accomplish, he doesn't waste time acting.
Allen, it turns out, just wasn't going to become an impact outside linebacker, no matter how hard he worked to adapt to the role the team needed him in. And at 33, with his best football behind him, obvious indicators revealed that Allen wouldn't be part of the long-term plan. So off he went.
Bostic? He was too often injured and subsequently too often rattled by those setbacks, his recovery timetables dragging on and on to the point that the coaching staff had no idea what they'd ever be able to squeeze out of him. So off he went.
Vereen, meanwhile, lacked the physicality to be an impact playmaker. So off he went too.
And while Pace may have made what many saw as an unwise and impractical gamble by signing legally troubled defensive lineman Ray McDonald this spring, the GM did at least install a zero-tolerance setup that made McDonald a former Bear at his first misstep.
It's far too early to assert definitively that Pace has the right formula to mold the Bears back into a Super Bowl contender. But what can be said is that he knows the stakes and he knows the business. Failed GMs rarely get second chances in this league. So if this is indeed his one and only shot as a team-building foreman, Pace is not going to sit on his hands and later look back with regret on all the moves he wishes he had made.
As the Bears return to Halas Hall on Monday after a four-day break, reaction to Ratliff's departure figures to be muted. And whether it was an opportune time or not, a long weekend reboot was needed.
Now the Bears will charge forward in their preparations for the Vikings with clear minds.
Yes, Ratliff's exit leaves them even thinner up front defensively. Yet there will be no ambiguity in the standards and expectations being established.
Players who don't fit, don't fit. For whatever reason. Talent. Role. Durability. Behavior.
And off they'll go.
dwiederer@tribpub.com
Twitter @danwiederer
Jimmie Johnson, driver of the #48 Lowe's/Jimmie Johnson Foundation Chevrolet, races against A.J. Allmendinger, driver of the #84 Red Bull Toyota, during the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Pepsi 500 at Auto Club Speedway on August 31, 2008 in Fontana, Calif. See more NASCAR pictures Ronald Martinez/ Getty Images
At the track or on TV, it seems that nothing in NASCAR is without a sponsor. Cars are covered in logos and stickers, drivers have patches from shoulder to shoulder and every race is brought to you by one company or another. It stands to reason that sponsors shell out a lot of dough in NASCAR, but how much, exactly? And where does all that money go?
NASCAR Image Gallery
There are three NASCAR series, and each of them has many, many sponsorship opportunities. As you'll discover when you read the list below, the name of each series is also subject to change -- that's because the series are named after a sponsor, too.
Sprint Cup: These are NASCAR's big guns. Sprint Cup races are run on Sunday afternoons, 36 times a year by 40 or more teams and feature the names you're probably familiar with: These are NASCAR's big guns. Sprint Cup races are run on Sunday afternoons, 36 times a year by 40 or more teams and feature the names you're probably familiar with: Dale Earnhardt Jr. Tony Stewart and Jeff Gordon . This series was formerly known as the Winston Cup Series.
Nationwide Series: This series races on Saturday and is a step below Sprint Cup in popularity; however, it runs at the same tracks and usually on the same weekends as the Sprint Cup. As a matter of fact, a lot of Sprint Cup drivers got their big break in the Nationwide Series. Until recently, this was called the Busch Grand National Series.
Craftsman Truck Series: The often-forgotten, but still exciting, NASCAR truck races also run at the big tracks. This series also draws some big names, including Kyle Busch, among others. Craftsman tools have sponsored this race for years, but the series is slated to get a new sponsor in 2009.
Since Sprint Cup races are by far the most popular in the United States, this article will focus on that series. It is also the most expensive set of races in the country, and the sponsorship dollars reflect that. Having an entire series named after a company or product will cost millions of dollars, which makes sponsoring a single race seem like a deal at only $500,000.
That's right -- being a primary sponsor of a team costs $350,000 to $500,000 per race, although corporations can usually cut a deal to sponsor a team for a full season. That means the sponsor gets to choose the paint scheme of the car, put the logo all over it, and use the driver's likeness in advertising for the product or service they want to promote. It is possible to be the primary sponsor for just one race, and for your half a million-dollar investment, the car will change its appearance for just that one venue.
The cost of everything else -- driver endorsement deals, stickers, cameras and more -- is negotiable. On the next page, we'll tell you what all those logos pay for.
Any relief payment plan established in the wake of the worst environmental accident ever was bound to have its flaws, but this goes to a whole new level of wrong.
According to Gulf resident Kindra Arnesen, who turned whistleblower and full-time activist when she saw how many people were put out of work by the spill, BP will deduct money from individual payments on claims for lost income if the claimant refuses to work in assisting the spill response.
Reading from a letter she'd received from BP, Arnesen quoted the company's line:
“BP will continue its efforts to pay legitimate claims for losses incurred due to the Deepwater Horizon incident. However, federal law clearly provides for adjustments for all income resulting from the incident, all income from alternative employment or businesses undertaken […] and potential income from alternative employment or businesses not undertaken but reasonably available.”
In other words, if you are a fisherman who was put out of work by BP and you do not elect to work in their employ, but you still file a claim for losses over the Deepwater Horizon disaster, that claim could be significantly less than the actual damages incurred.
Arnesen, a fisherman's wife and longtime Louisiana resident, has been a true pitbull of an activist since she began popping up in area media. Finally, at the beginning of June, she gained enough notoriety that CNN picked up her story. She was one of the first to raise hell over reports of fishermen getting sick, allegedly from the oil and dispersant fumes coming off the Gulf.
Her husband David is one of thousands who opted to work for BP after the oil contaminated his usual fishing routes. She believes he was one of many who were sickened by BP's toxic vapors.
BP CEO Tony Hayward tried to pass off the multiple boats full of sick fishermen as “food poisoning.” The company has since discouraged use of respirators because they don't want the task to appear dangerous. However, RFK Center President Kerry Kennedy traveled to the Gulf Coast to talk to cleanup workers and found that BP's active denial of proper safety equipment was having a serious health effect.
“In all three states that I've visited, fishermen said when they went out to work on the cleanup, that if they tried to bring respirators they were told it was unnecessary equipment and would only spread hysteria,” Kennedy told Fox News.
“When I went out with eleven people, we had respirators on and within half an hour, all of our eyes were burning and our throats were closing and we all had headaches,” she explained.
That got Kindra mad as hell.
In an amazing display of gusto, even with the possibility that she'd endanger his income by damaging their relationship with BP, Arnesen showed up absolutely livid to a citizens emergency summit on June 19. Her speech quickly gained traction in progressive media after she claimed BP's directors were eager to cut costs and merely put on a show every time a politician swings through, ushering cleanup crews out almost as fast as they're ushered in.
Visibly disturbed by BP's concise statement on relief payments, Arnesen jeered: “They summed it up in one paragraph: billions upon billions for coastal communities. One paragraph. One paragraph? This is what they think? That we're gonna clean up their toxic shit? For the same price that we're gonna pick up shrimp? Are they loony? Have they lost their minds?”
“Am I scared? Yes,” Arnesen told CNN. “Anything that ever starts, starts with one. And if I have to be the one then I have to be the one.”
The team that filmed her, Project Gulf Impact, also recently landed an interview with Dr. Chris Pincetich, a marine biologist, who claimed that the U.S. Coast Guard is involved in spraying Corexit oil dispersant and that the substance has made it ashore.
This video was published to YouTube by Project Gulf Impact on July 4, 2010.
After years of lying low in London, the Outlaws Motorcycle Club appears to be flexing its muscle by opening a new clubhouse in the city, a move one expert warns could spark a violent clash with the Hells Angels.
The Outlaws, a biker gang with chapters across the globe, have set up a clubhouse in a single-storey commercial building at 1103 Brydges St., located on the same block as the London police reporting centre.
One source said the move is likely an attempt by the Outlaws to push back at the Hells Angels' hold on the city's lucrative drug trade.
But an organized crime expert said the Hells Angels — numbering around a dozen full-patch ­members in London — won't let their rivals expand on their turf, warning that a battle between the two clubs may end in gun violence.
“The Angels will never let them back in,” said Yves Lavigne, a biker expert who's written several books on outlaw motorcycle clubs.
The head of the OPP's biker enforcement unit said he's aware of the east-end clubhouse and police have been monitoring the location.
“The return to London is not a surprise, as there has been a presence in London by the Outlaws all along — they just had no clubhouse,” Det.-Sgt. Len Isnor wrote in an email.
Opening a London chapter in 1977, the Outlaws dominated the city's criminal biker scene for decades until the Hells Angels opened a prospect chapter in 2001.
Things went from bad to worse for the Outlaws after that.
Several prominent Outlaws — including the chapter president — patched over to their bitter rivals. A provincewide police bust in 2002 called Project Retire put dozens of Ontario Outlaws behind bars, though relatively few ended up serving much time.
Some remaining Outlaws tried to start a Bandidos chapter, which was destroyed by the massacre of eight Bandidos in 2006 and prison terms for six others.
The gang's clubhouse on Egerton Street was demolished in 2009, but supporters of the club remained in London.
News of the Outlaws clubhouse came as a shock to the owner of the Brydges Street building, Amy Chan, who said the property manager hadn't told her about the new tenant.
“I'm going to discuss it with him,” she said.
Decals depicting AOA (American Outlaws Association), written in the club's signature font, were plastered above the front door of the building, which is outfitted with multiple surveillance cameras. But the letters were covered up a day after The Free Press inquired about the clubhouse.
Motorcycles with the Outlaws skull and pistons logo have been seen parked outside the building.
Inside, the 1,500-square-foot space used to be offices, said one former tenant, but there's access to other parts of the building which totals about 29,000 sq. ft.
The Outlaws may not be getting a luxury space. The building had a leaking roof and mould problems a few years ago, the ex-tenant said.
Signs of a clubhouse opening surfaced on the Outlaws Canada website in March, with one person saying he was looking forward to the opening in London.
London police, who work with the OPP's biker enforcement unit, also have the clubhouse on their radar.
“We're aware that they've opened a clubhouse in London and we're currently monitoring the situation,” said spokesperson Const. Sandasha Bough.
London's bylaw boss was tight-lipped when asked whether the bikers are violating zoning rules.
“We can neither confirm nor deny if we have any active zoning complaints at that address,” Orest Katolyk wrote in an email.
Coun. Jesse Helmer, whose Ward 4 includes the clubhouse, said he hasn't had any constituents complain about the bikers, but added that he heard there was a large gathering of motorcycles at the building over the weekend.
Area residents, none of whom wanted to be identified, said they have no problem with the bikers' presence in the neighbourhood.
Lavigne dismissed their nonchalance, saying neighbours fear retribution from speaking out against the bikers.
“The neighbours say they aren't afraid, but they are. I sympathize with these people,” he said.
History has shown biker hangouts are often the scenes of violence in London.
A series of arson attacks at biker-owned business in 2012 escalated into the shooting of Hells Angels member Diamond Ialenti near the gang's Grey Street clubhouse and gunshots fired at a private home owned by a man with ties to the Outlaws.
In 2015, Steve Sinclair was fatally shot outside a social club frequented by members of the gatekeepers, a support club for the Hells Angels.
Isnor, however, downplayed the possibility of conflict resulting from the Outlaws' beefed public presence in London.
“We have no information to believe that there is any potential for violence,” he said. “However we are aware of the history of violence between the HA and the Outlaws and we will be taking all the precautions to keep the community safe.”
dcarruthers@postmedia.com
rrichmond@postmedia.com
This phase I trial focused on the safety of administering intravenous ascorbic acid to patients with severe sepsis. The intravenous route of administration was chosen in this trial in order to achieve high ascorbic acid plasma levels. Padayatty and colleagues showed that high-level ascorbic acid plasma concentrations could only be achieved by intravenous administration [15]. Prior human studies employing pharmacologic ascorbic acid dosing report no adverse events. Nathens et al. administered 1 gram of ascorbic acid every 8 hours for 28 days to surgically critically ill patients with no ill effects [16]. Tanaka et al. administered 66 mg/kg/hour for 24 hours to patients with 50% surface area burns with no adverse events [17]. Hoffer et al. intravenously administered up to 90 grams of ascorbic acid 3 times weekly to patients with advanced malignancy with no adverse events [30]. The dosing protocols we chose for this trial arose out of our preclinical work.
No patient in the low or high dose ascorbic acid treatment arms of this study suffered any identifiable adverse event. As noted above, the one instance in which ascorbic acid infusion was halted for a cardiac rhythm disturbance was determined to be artifact by the Division of Cardiology. Thus, a pharmacologic ascorbic acid treatment strategy in critically ill patients with severe sepsis appears to be safe.
Prior studies show that patients with severe sepsis exhibit significantly reduced plasma ascorbic acid levels upon admission to intensive care [31]. The mean initial plasma ascorbic acid level for all septic patients in this study was 17.9 ± 2.4 μM compared to normal human plasma levels of 50 – 70 μM (Figure 1). Prior studies [13, 14, 26], and the current study show that subnormal plasma ascorbic acid levels are a predictable feature in patients with severe sepsis. Importantly, Placebo patients exhibited no change in plasma ascorbic acid levels throughout the 4-day study period despite receiving full ICU standard of care practice for severe sepsis (Figure 1). Ascorbic acid depletion in sepsis results from ascorbic acid consumption by the reduction of plasma free iron, ascorbic acid consumption by the scavenging of aqueous free radicals (peroxyl radicals), and by the destruction of the oxidized form of ascorbic acid dehydroascorbic acid[14]. Sepsis further inhibits intracellular reduction of dehydroascorbic acid, producing acute intracellular ascorbic acid depletion. Sepsis-induced ascorbic acid destruction permits uncontrolled oxidant activity which amplifies tissue injury [14, 32, 33]. Ascorbic acid treated patients in this study exhibited rapid and sustained increases in plasma ascorbic acid levels using an intermittent every six hours administration protocol (Figure 1).
SOFA scores are robust indicators of mortality during critical illness. SOFA score increases during the first 48 hours of ICU care predict a mortality rate of at least 50% [26]. In this study, the extent of organ failure accompanying patients with severe sepsis was high with an average SOFA score for all patients equal to 11.4 ± 3 confirming that multiple organ failure was present at enrollment. Given that the mean plasma ascorbic acid levels on admission were subnormal (17.9 ± 2.4 μM), a mean initial SOFA score of 11.4 ± 3 in patients with severe sepsis was not surprising. This study is in agreement with other studies which show that plasma ascorbic acid levels in severe sepsis correlate inversely with the incidence of multiple organ failure [13]. We showed that the addition of ascorbic acid to standard of care practice (i.e., fluid resuscitation, antibiotics, vasopressor medication) for patients with severe sepsis significantly reduced organ injury. Ascorbic acid treated patients exhibited prompt and sustained reductions in SOFA scores during the 4-day treatment regimen unlike placebo controls where SOFA scores slowly increased over time. SOFA score reduction was most remarkable in patients receiving the high dose ascorbic acid infusion (Figure 2).
C-reactive protein (CRP) [19] and procalcitonin (PCT) [20] levels are known to correlate with the overall extent of infection and higher levels of both have both been linked to higher incidences of organ injury and death in the critically ill. CRP in circulation has a short half-life of approximately 19 hours. Thus, the kinetics of CRP make it a useful monitor for tracking the inflammatory response produced by infection, and the response to antibiotic treatment. Lobo et al. reported that patients with CRP levels greater than 10 mg/dL at ICU admission exhibited significantly higher rates of multiple organ failure as well as higher mortality rates [34]. A decrease in CRP levels in Lobo's study after 48 hours was associated with a mortality rate of only 15.4%, while a persistently high CRP level was associated with a mortality rate of 60.9%. Both low and high dose ascorbic acid infusion in this trial promptly reduced serum CRP levels in septic patients (Figure 3A). Thus, the findings in this study support the findings of Lobo et al. with descending CRP levels being associated with lower mortality rate and reduced levels or organ failure. Jensen and colleagues found that high maximal procalcitonin levels were an early independent predictor of all-cause mortality in a 90-day follow-up period after intensive care unit admission [20]. Karlsson and colleagues [21] showed that mortality in patients with severe sepsis was lower in those patients in whom procalcitonin concentrations fell by more than 50% at 72 hours with respect to initial values. Infusion of ascorbic acid into patients with severe sepsis in this study reduced serum procalcitonin levels by greater than 50% (Figure 3B). Thrombomodulin is an endothelial cell bound molecule that captures thrombin holding it adjacent to protein C bound to its receptor (endothelial protein C receptor). Elevated soluble TM in the circulation indicates endothelial cell injury [35]. Lin et al. reported that increased TM levels correlated with the extent of organ failure and mortality in patients with sepsis [36]. In the current study, thrombomodulin levels in patients randomized to placebo began to rise at approximately 36 hours into the study period, indicating sepsis-induced endothelial injury (Figure 4). Patients randomized to receive either dose of ascorbic acid exhibited no subsequent rise in plasma thrombomodulin. Though our patient numbers were small, these early results suggest that intravenous ascorbic acid acts to attenuate the proinflammatory state of sepsis and perhaps attenuates the development of endothelial injury.
On the basis of this study and our prior preclinical studies, we speculate as to the pleiotropic mechanisms by which ascorbic acid would be beneficial in sepsis. Ascorbic acid is rapidly taken up by endothelial cells in millimolar quantities where it scavenges reactive oxygen species and increases endothelial nitric oxide synthase-derived nitric oxide by restoring tetrahydrobiopterin content, thus, increasing bioavailable nitric oxide. As we and others have shown in basic investigations [10, 11, 37], by inhibiting NFκB activation, ascorbic acid could potentially attenuate the “cytokine storm” that arises due to NFκB driven genes known to be activated in sepsis. Septic ascorbic acid-deficient neutrophils fail to undergo normal apoptosis. Rather, they undergo necrosis thereby releasing hydrolytic enzymes in tissue beds, thus contributing to organ injury. We speculate that intravenous ascorbic acid acts to restore neutrophil ascorbic acid levels. Repletion of ascorbic acid in this way allows for normal apoptosis, thus, preventing the release of organ damaging hydrolytic enzymes. A multitude of biological mechanisms are active in patients with sepsis and they promote multiple organ injury and death.
Tens of thousands of lives are lost across the world annually due to severe sepsis [1, 38–40]. Multiple treatment trials have failed to measurably improve outcomes. The majority of trials have singly eliminated certain proinflammatory mediators which research has suggested promotes tissue damage. The single mediator approach has largely been unsuccessful. The results from this small phase I safety trial suggest that administering ascorbic acid in pharmacological dosages to critically ill patients with sepsis is safe and that it may provide adjunctive therapy in the treatment of severe sepsis. A larger phase II proof-of-concept trial is needed.
Firefox 4 Beta 8 is now slated for availability on December 7.
Beta 8 was tentatively scheduled for release Nov 30th but the team continues to fix blockers, nail down security holes and synchronization issues.
The open source browser team plans at least two more beta releases before making available a release candidate. Firefox 4 is not expected to be available until the first quarter of 2011.
"There is a pending change to the way Sync UI works for adding another client which needs to be simultaneously shipped with Fennec 2 beta 3," according to Mozilla meeting notes on Beta 8. "Based on the Fennec Beta 3 schedule, which is targeting Dec 7th as ship, we feel it's best to align beta 8 with that date."
The team reported today that crashes are down considerably.
This report is for media and the general public.
The SMM noted a decrease in the number of ceasefire violations recorded in Donetsk region compared with the day before but an increase in Luhansk region, where most of the violations were assessed as training related. The SMM confirmed reports of civilian deaths and injuries. It continued to monitor the withdrawal of weapons. The SMM observed the presence of armoured combat vehicles in the security zone. The Mission monitored in the proposed disengagement area near Zolote. The Mission monitors observed the presence of mines and mine warning signs in areas close to the contact line. It monitored border areas not under government control. The SMM continued to monitor the situation at three crossing points at the administrative boundary line between the mainland and Crimea. None of the SMM's interlocutors could confirm media reports of security incidents involving shooting or military activities in the vicinity of the administrative boundary line.
The SMM noted a decrease in the number of ceasefire violations recorded in Donetsk region compared with the day before [1].
While in “DPR”-controlled Donetsk city centre during the night of 9-10 August, the SMM heard 31 undetermined explosions 8-10km north-west of its position.
While in government-controlled Svitlodarsk (57km north-east of Donetsk) on the evening of 9 August, the SMM heard 23 outgoing explosions of artillery rounds (undetermined calibre), bursts of heavy-machine-gun and small-arms fire 3-5km east and south-east of its position.
The SMM camera in Shyrokyne (20km east of Mariupol) recorded four mortar muzzle flashes from the north to the east, followed by bursts of heavy-machine-gun fire from east to north and 22 undetermined explosions in the north.
Positioned in government-controlled Avdiivka (17km north of Donetsk) the SMM heard nine undetermined explosions and five explosions assessed as outgoing explosions 2-5km south-south-west of its position. Positioned at a different location in Avdiivka a short time later the SMM heard four undetermined explosions south-south-east, bursts of heavy-machine-gun fire, five undetermined explosions 2-5km south-south-east, one explosion assessed as a mortar (82mm) impact, four explosions assessed as outgoing artillery rounds 4-6km south-south-east and small-arms fire 1-2km south-south-east.
In Luhansk region the SMM noted an increase in the number of recorded ceasefire violations compared with the day before. Positioned in “LPR”-controlled Bile (22km west of Luhansk), the SMM heard approximately 50 explosions (40 assessed as outgoing tank rounds, 10 as outgoing artillery) 5-10km south-west of its position, in a known training area near “LPR”-controlled Shymshynivka (28km south-west of Luhansk). Positioned in government-controlled Trokhizbenka (33km north-west of Luhansk), the SMM heard 21 undetermined explosions (possibly from artillery) 6km south of its position.
The SMM confirmed reports of civilian deaths and injuries. The deputy head of the Kalinina morgue in Donetsk city told the SMM that bodies of two civilians (men aged 55 and 60) were brought there by “DPR” members from Donetsk city's Petrovskyi district on the afternoon of 9 August. The SMM saw the bodies of two men with numerous wounds. Both wore civilian clothes. According to the deputy head, autopsies revealed the cause of death was severe blood loss caused by multiple shrapnel wounds. At hospital number 14 in Petrovskyi district medical personnel told the SMM that at around 03:30 on 10 August a resident of Petrovskyi district - a man in his mid-fifties – had received treatment for a leg wound. Later the man told the SMM that he had heard around seven explosions at around 03:00 on 10 August, one of which had damaged his home and injured him. The SMM analyzed a crater next to the building where the man lives in Petrovskyi district and assessed that it was caused by a mortar (calibre not determined) fired from a southerly direction. Medical personnel at the trauma department in the central municipal hospital in government-controlled Toretsk (formerly Dzerzhynsk, 43km north of Donetsk) told the SMM that a seven-year-old girl had been admitted with bruises on her left side, caused by falling masonry when a shell struck her house in the town.
An SMM unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) was shot at by Ukrainian Armed Forces soldiers in an area near government-controlled Novobakhmutivka (28km north of Donetsk). The SMM immediately landed the UAV. A short time later, the soldiers approached the SMM and apologized for the incident, stating they had not been informed that the UAV belonged to the SMM. The UAV was not damaged.
The SMM continued to monitor the withdrawal of weapons, in implementation of the Package of Measures and its Addendum, as well as the Minsk Memorandum.
Beyond the withdrawal lines but outside assigned areas, the SMM observed 18 tanks (T-64) stationary at a known training area near “LPR”-controlled Myrne (28km south-west of Luhansk).
The SMM observed weapons that could not be verified as withdrawn, as their storage does not comply with the criteria set out in the 16 October 2015 notification. In government-controlled areas beyond the respective withdrawal lines, the SMM observed six anti-tank guns (MT-12 Rapira, 100mm) and 12 towed howitzers (D-20, 152mm), four of which had been moved from another site, which now sits abandoned. The following weapons were missing: 26 howitzers (eight towed D-20, 152mm, and 18 self-propelled 2S3 Akatsiya, 152mm) and six anti-tank guns (D-48, 85mm), all missing since 14 March 2016; three towed howitzers (D-20, 152mm) missing since 2 February 2016 and six anti-tank guns (D-48, 85mm) missing since 2 October 2015.
In “DPR”-controlled areas beyond the respective withdrawal lines, the SMM observed: 16 howitzers (eight self-propelled 2S1 Gvozdika, 122mm; and eight towed of which six were 2A65 Msta-B, 152mm, and two D-30, 122mm).
The SMM revisited permanent storage sites, whose locations corresponded with the withdrawal lines. At an “LPR”-controlled area the SMM observed that all weapons previously verified as withdrawn to the site were present.
The Mission monitors observed the presence of armoured combat vehicles (ACV) in the security zone: two armoured personnel carriers (BTR-80) travelling south towards government-controlled Popasna (69km west of Luhansk). Aerial surveillance imagery available to the SMM revealed the presence of 26 armoured vehicles in areas around government-controlled Kodema (57km north-east of Donetsk) and one armoured vehicle in an “LPR”-controlled area just south of the bridge near Stanytsia Luhanska (16km north-east of Luhansk) on 9 August.
The SMM monitored in the proposed disengagement area near Zolote. The SMM met with the Ukrainian Armed Forces Major-General from the Joint Centre for Control and Co-ordination (JCCC) on the government-controlled side, and with the Russian Federation Major-General from the JCCC and “LPR” members on the “LPR”-controlled side. Mr. Deynego, a senior “LPR” member, told the SMM that he is not yet willing to demine the south of Zolote which is under “LPR” control.
The SMM observed the presence of mines and mine warning signs in areas close to the contact line. At the southern end of the bridge at government-controlled Shchastia (20km north of Luhansk) the SMM observed three lines of anti-tank mines that had not been removed by the Ukrainian Armed Forces. The presence of these mines meant the SMM had to go on foot to meet an SMM mirror patrol to the south that had travelled there unimpeded due to mine clearance by “LPR” members. The SMM observed a Ukrainian Armed Forces demining team remove a booby trap in the proposed disengagement area between government-controlled Zolote (60km west of Luhansk) and “LPR”-controlled Pervomaisk (58km west of Luhansk). Such efforts demonstrate the sides can clear mines if they wish but that the lack of co-ordination by the JCCC hinders the process.
In an area to the north-east of government-controlled Zolote, the SMM observed as a Ukrainian Armed Forces demining team removed 26 anti-tank mines, ahead of planned repairs to the electrical power line facilitated by the SMM. Between “DPR”-controlled Olenivka (23km south-west of Donetsk) and government-controlled Novotroitske (36km south-west of Donetsk) the SMM observed a number of mine hazard signs (red background with white Cyrillic letters) that had been provided by an intergovernmental organization. The SMM observed over 200 signs which were spaced at different intervals. Some signs were difficult to see as they were covered by dense vegetation.
The SMM continued to insist on responsibility for violations related to impediments to SMM monitoring and verification. Mr. Zakharchenko again did not respond to a request to meet the SMM in order to indicate effective steps taken in response to the incident on 29 July when SMM monitors were threatened at gunpoint by aggressive armed “DPR” members near Lukove (72km south of Donetsk) (see: SMM Spot Report, 29 July 2016).*
The SMM monitored border areas not controlled by the Government. During 33 minutes of observation at the “DPR”-controlled Marynivka border crossing point (78km east of Donetsk) the SMM counted 44 cars (nine carried Russian Federation number plates, one Belarus plates, one Ukrainian plate covered with a “DPR” sticker, while the rest had Ukrainian number plates) queuing to leave Ukraine. Three coaches (two carrying passengers) with Ukrainian number plates were stationary in a car park nearby. Over 18 minutes of observation at the “DPR”-controlled Uspenka border crossing point (73km south-east of Donetsk), the SMM saw 14 cars queuing to leave Ukraine, of which four had Russian number plates, the rest, Ukrainian. Four cargo trucks with closed containers (two with Ukrainian plates, and two with Russian Federation plates) and one bus were queuing to leave Ukraine.
The SMM continued to monitor the situation at three crossing points at the administrative boundary line between the mainland and Crimea. The SMM observed that all three crossing points at Kalanchak, Chaplynka and Chonhar (67km, 72km and 167km south-east of Kherson, respectively) were open on 10 August. At Kalanchak, at 12:15hrs on 10 August the SMM observed slow moving traffic crossing in both directions. The driver of one car told the SMM that he had been waiting about 13 hours to cross to Crimea. The border guard commander at Kalanchak told the SMM that the Crimean side was opened for traffic at 04:30 closed at 08:00 and was reopened at 11:20 on 10 August. The SMM observed minimal traffic at Chaplynka, where the border guard commander said that the Crimean side had opened at 07:00 on 10 August. Travellers that had crossed from Crimea told the SMM that their vehicles had been checked thoroughly on the Crimean side of the Kalanchak and Chaplynka crossing points. At Chonhar on the afternoon of 10 August the SMM observed ­­– in the space of an hour ­­­– eleven vehicles crossing to Crimea and seven in the opposite direction. The SMM visited the Ukrainian border guard position close to the administrative boundary line at Cape Kutara (125km south-east of Kherson) and found the situation calm without indications of increased alert. None of the SMM's interlocutors could confirm media reports of security incidents involving shooting or military activities in the vicinity of the administrative boundary line.
*Restrictions to SMM's freedom of movement or other impediments to the fulfilment of its mandate
The SMM's monitoring is restrained by security hazards and threats, including risks posed by mines and unexploded ordnance, and by restrictions to its freedom of movement and other impediments – which vary from day to day. The SMM's mandate provides for safe and secure access throughout Ukraine. All signatories of the Package of Measures has agreed on the need for this safe and secure access, that restriction of the SMM's freedom of movement constitutes a violation, and on the need for rapid response to these violations.
Denial of access:
An obstacle blocking the road in an area under “LPR”-control prevented the SMM from travelling south from Zolote to Pervomaisk.
An armed “DPR” member stopped the SMM near Markyne (94km south-east of Donetsk) and told it to find another route to its destination of Novoazovsk, as according to him there was a shooting range in the area. The SMM took an alternative route and reached its destination. The JCCC was informed. Other impediments:
The Russian Federation Armed Forces representative at the JCCC in “LPR”-controlled Yasynuvata (16km north-east of Luhansk) refused to share information from the JCCC ceasefire log book with the SMM on 9 August.
The “deputy chief” of “police” in Horlivka informed the SMM that a new instruction received from “superiors” in Donetsk forbade “police” from communicating with the SMM without receiving prior approval.
[1] Please see the annexed table for a complete breakdown of the ceasefire violations as well as map of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions marked with locations featured in this report.
Contacts
Alexandra Taylor
Head of Press and Public Information Unit
OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine
26 Turhenievska Street
01054 Kyiv
Ukraine
Mobile: +380 67 650 31 57
alexandra.taylor@osce.org
smm-media@osce.org
Tetiana Tesliuchenko
Senior Social Media Assistant
OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine
26 Turhenievska Street
01054 Kyiv
Ukraine
Office: +380 44 382 0832
Mobile: +380 67 466 2563
Tetiana.Tesliuchenko@osce.org
Arsene Wenger will continue with his tactical overhaul of Arsenal's playing formation and begin next season as it ended with three centre-backs and three main creative forwards.
Arsenal's results were transformed at the end of last season when Wenger joined Antonio Conte at Chelsea and Tottenham's Mauricio Pochettino in switching formation, with his team winning nine out of their 10 final games in their new 3-4-2-1 structure.
It had followed a desperate run of seven defeats in 12 matches in the 4-2-3-1 formation that has been Arsenal's identity for the most of the past decade. Before that and Wenger had largely stuck with 4-4-2.
Wenger, though, is already preparing his players in pre-season to begin with a three-man defence next season which has the added knock-on of reducing the opportunities for his creative players but adding an extra defensive player that can then help release Aaron Ramsey from central midfield.
The manager's message to the players is that he wants the team to be more flexible next season and they will also go back to 4-2-3-1 during spells in training and matches, which is a formation that effectively means trading a defender for an attacker.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Daniel Gibson took issue with some of LeBron James' comments about his former teammates in Cleveland.
After Miami defeated Chicago last week to advance to the NBA Finals, James talked about his decision to join Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami.
"I wanted to team up with some guys that would never die down in the moment," James said. "The opportunity presented itself with this great organization and we made it happen."
Speaking on The Dugout Sports Show Podcast recently, Gibson said, "The way it's said, you can't help but take it personally. ... I don't think great players should feel the need to say this about a team or say that about a team. I think what it all boils down to if you're great, you go play great, be great and everybody will realize you're great. And you wouldn't have to let it be known that everybody else was less great.
"Great players shouldn't have to do that.
"So I feel like it's kind of an admission. He might have needed some help. He might have needed to go somewhere and find someone who is a little greater so maybe he wouldn't die down in those moments."
On Twitter: @pdcavsinsider
Meet “Nathan Spewman”: comedian Jack Black's personification of the outrageous claims against President Obama circulated by Fox News and Republican-leaning interest groups.
In a new campaign by liberal coalition group Health Care for America Now, Black's character, sporting a mustache and Charlie Brown t-shirt, poses as a grade school student who's paid by interest groups to tell lies about the president and the Affordable Care Act.
“I'm Nathan Spewman, professional misinformant,” Black gleefully announces in part one of a planned series. “I've infiltrated dangerous academic revolutionaries, crazy satanic cults and unpatriotic slackers, all for the purpose of helping greedy corporations spread the sweet stink of misinformation all across this great land.”
One such piece of misinformation, delivered in what appears to be a first grade classroom: “Hey, did you hear Obama's gonna kill our grandmas? You ever hear of a death panel? Say your goodbyes now. For real.”
And another: “Obamacare is a socialist plot to, um … [he pauses, looking at notes scrawled on his left palm] … take decisions out of the hands of our doctors so they're all gonna quit. Bye-bye doctors!”
Then Black tells a teacher he's drawing a picture of “Obama in his birthplace … Tijerkistan.”
HCAN says its video series aims to counter misinformation being spread by “front groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, American Crossroads and 60 Plus Association.”
“While this video is brilliant comedy, it is also part of a serious public education effort,” HCAN Executive Director Ethan Rome said in a media advisory. “The new health care law puts an end to the worst insurance company abuses, ends out-of-pocket costs for preventive care and helps seniors maintain their independence. Opponents of the law are spending millions to spread outright lies about the law and its supporters.”
Black reportedly donated his time and talents to the project, as did actress America Ferrera. A phone number attached to the campaign (206-438-3964) drops callers into an automated message that offers tidbits of Spewman's misinformation via text message.
HCAN also set up a Nathan Spewman Twitter account, and a Facebook group that pretends to be opposed to him.
This video was published to YouTube on Oct. 11, 2010 by Health Care for America Now.
Correction: American Ferrera plays a teacher in the ad, not a student.
Perhaps you remember that camping trip you took one weekend with your family as a kid. Camping and camping equipment have come a long way since then; greater and more comprehensive offerings enhance the overall experience and make it possible to go camping for more than just a few days. In the past several years, there has been an increase in the number of campers globally. This is largely due to the general increase in participation in outdoor activities and sports, influenced in part by government initiatives in a number of countries such as Australia, China, and India. According to analysts at Technavio, the camping equipment market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.45% from 2015-2020.
The camping market is broken down into four major categories, the largest being tents, followed by backpacks, sleeping bags, and others (stoves, lighting products, etc.), respectively. There are a number of brands that provide solid competition within each category.
Key vendors in the global camping equipment market
Jarden
Jarden was a U.S. consumer products company. Formed by the spin-out of Ball Corporation's canning business, the company became a wider conglomerate of consumer brands, particularly in the outdoors and home appliances market. Jarden was acquired in 2016 by Newell Rubbermaid, which renamed itself Newell Brands.
Johnson Outdoors
Johnson Outdoors designs, manufacturers and markets many of the world's best known outdoor recreation brands. The Company's award-winning innovation is fueled by a unique passion for the outdoors, coupled with sophisticated market research and cutting-edge technology, to advance a continuous pipeline of successful new products across four categories: Marine Electronics, Watercraft, Outdoor Gear and Diving.
NEMO
NEMO Equipment, Inc. is a company based in Dover, New Hampshire, that designs and manufactures outdoor equipment, tents, and shelters. NEMO is best known for its AirSupported Technology, which incorporates low pressure airbeams in place of traditional aluminum tent poles.
Oase Outdoors
Oase Outdoors is a company which owns and operates three independent camping and outdoor brands: Outwell®, Easy Camp® and Robens®. The company offers a broad range of camping and outdoor products, including tents, camping furniture, sleeping bags, sleeping mats and airbeds, and camping accessories.
Other Prominent Vendors
AMG Group
AMG is the UK's leading owner and distributor of an impressive portfolio of premier outdoor, footwear and snow sports brands, each with its own unique brand identity and product range. The combined offering features a vast selection of products including tents, sleeping bags, rucksacks, travel luggage, camping gear, outdoor clothing, outdoor footwear, skiing equipment, cooking gear, camping food, and much more.
Big Agnes
Located in Steamboat Springs, Colorado, Big Agnes manufactures the most comfortable tents, sleeping bags and sleeping pads for backpacking, camping and outdoor adventure.
Force Ten
Force Ten is a UK company focused on crafting true mountain performance by spending as much time on the last detail as the first, making gear that keeps working, ascent after ascent; stable mountain tents that weigh less than a water bottle, robust sleeping bags with a deep loft and lightweight rucksacks that are as tough as an off-width gritstone crack.
Hilleberg
Hilleberg the Tentmaker is a US, family owned company with 45 years of experience in manufacturing lightweight, all-season tents of the highest quality.
Kelty
Kelty is a manufacturer of high-end backpacks, tents, and sleeping bags owned by Exxel Outdoors, LLC. The business is based in Boulder, Colorado. Kelty products are widely sold by large outdoor outfitters such as Eastern Mountain Sports and REI, and Kelty is one of a few companies that still specializes in external-frame backpacks for outdoors use.
MontBell
Montbell Co. Ltd. was established in Osaka, Japan in 1975. Its goal has been to produce high quality outdoor equipment. Montbell America, Inc., was established as an overseas (American) company of the Montbell group in 2002.
Paddy Pallin
Paddy Pallin is Australia's leading adventure store supplier. The company specialises in outdoor, travel & hiking gear such as hiking boots, outdoor clothing & equipment.
View the 2016-2020 Global Camping Equipment Market Report
Laura Reviews a dream she had during a nap
So, I sometimes get unusual requests from fans to write about stuff. Sometimes those fans put their money where their mouth is, and commission bizarre features content out of me. Today, I'm doing something odd, financed by a fan.
So, don't ask me why, I wish I knew, but this fan paid me the better part of £50 in exchange for “taking a nap and reviewing [my] dreams”. Yep, I was paid to have a nap during a work day, hopefully dream, then report back on my findings. I can't say I hated the idea as a workaholic who is constantly tired.
So, I lay down at about 3:30PM UK, with an alarm set to wake me at 5:30pm to get back up for work. As someone who rarely day sleeps, I had a couple of beers before lying down in a dark room with the Undertale soundtrack gently playing.
Damn I had some weird dreams.
I woke to my alarm utterly confused about where, when and even who I was, convinced momentarily I had slept for days. As soon as I realised what was happening I grabbed a notebook and wrote down everything I could remember. Here are my sleep fueled notes.
At the Bakery
Get all these shoes out of my face, that's not where they go
Damn I don't like being force fed
I really don't like when people in my dreams are “not people”. Not “Not people”, but people who are not not people, but still people.
Now, beyond these initial snippets of written notation I do remember some small aspects of structure from this dream. I'm pretty sure I was on some treasure hunt around London or a similar large city. I was set a bunch of tasks to complete in a real world city before a timer ran out. The further I went, the more obvious it became that I was actually in some kind of simulation.
Nothing really came of that plot thread, that revelation was rather a non issue.
I also spent some time walking a weird alternate version of the artist and comics village from MCM in London. I was trying to buy Yu-Gi-Oh Cards.
So, how would I rate this nap and dream? Well, as nice as the extra sleep was it wasn't worth the trade off of confusion permeating a portion of my work day. The dream itself lacked narrative cohesion, and failed to follow the basic tenants of plot structure. I get that it's cool in some circles to create weird avant garde projects in which traditional structures are set aside, but I found it near impossible to glimpse any meaning or value in the jumping between plots without properly drawing conclusions from resolutions.
I will praise it for its level of immersion, at the time I was focused on nothing else in the world.
In short, I wouldn't recommend my dream. Too little cohesion, definitely felt like an artsy, first year, student film. Only benefit was the refreshed feeling throughout the evening. 4/10
Two nurses at a nursing home in Boynton Beach have been arrested after they allegedly stole drugs intended for ailing elderly patients and swapped them with Tylenol tablets, according to arrest reports.
The thefts left multiple patients at Hamlin Place of Boynton Beach in pain after they did not receive their proper medications, the reports said.
See who's been booked into the Palm Beach County Jail
Aaron J. Peterson, 37, of Boynton Beach is facing drug-trafficking charges as well as accusations of fraud, grand theft and elderly abuse. Peterson, who was the facility's assistant director of nursing, is being held at the Palm Beach County Jail in lieu of $326,000 bail.
Jolie Lynn Katz, 40, of Royal Palm Beach and a registered nurse at Hamlin, is facing charges of larceny, fraud, possession of controlled substances and elderly abuse and was released from jail Saturday after posting a $12,000 bond.
According to an investigation that included the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, the Drug Enforcement Administration and state law enforcement, Peterson and Katz stole 905 tablets of controlled substances — mostly Percocet and oxycodone — with a value of $515.
Have you seen them? Wanted fugitives in Palm Beach County
The thefts were first reported to Boynton Beach police in May. Peterson. Katz and a third person who has not been arrested were drug-tested and suspended by Hamlin Place after the thefts were reported.
One alleged victim told investigators that she spent two months at Hamlin, on Hypoluxo Road west of High Ridge Road, recovering from neck surgery and said that she did not feel much relief after taking pain medication and that her discomfort often got worse. The report states that several patients whose pain medication may have been altered could not be interviewed because of their conditions.
Peterson told police in December that he had an addiction to opiates before he was hired at Hamlin Palce in May 2015. He said that he and Katz had been stealing prescription pain medications for "the last few months" before they were caught.
Katz told investigators that Peterson was a friend who hired her at Hamlin in about September 2015 after she was fired from another nursing home. Katz said she stole medication from her elderly patients for five months and that she usually gave Peterson 10 to 15 pills a day and kept two to four for herself.
A call to Hamlin Place officials seeking comment was not returned.
Download our PostNOW app to get the latest Breaking News
Without mincing words, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy disparaged the American criminal justice system on Thursday for the three prison scourges of long sentences, solitary confinement, and overcrowding.
“It's an ongoing injustice of great proportions,” said Kennedy during a conversation with Harvard Law School (HLS) Dean Martha Minow at Wasserstein Hall, in a room packed mostly with students.
Kennedy criticized long prison sentences for the high costs associated with them. (In California, where Kennedy comes from, the cost per prisoner is $35,000 per year, he said.) He also said long sentences have appalling effects on people's lives.
Solitary confinement, he said, “drives men mad.” He called mandatory minimum sentences “terrible” and in need of reform. Sentences in the United States, he said, are eight times longer than sentences in some European countries for equivalent crimes. With more than 1.5 million prisoners in federal, state, and local jails, the United States has the world's largest prison population.
The worst of the matter, he said, is that nobody pays attention to this wrong, not even lawyers. “It's everybody job to look into it,” he said.
Kennedy, LL.B. '61, whose views on the court reflect a preoccupation with liberty and dignity, has often been described as the high court's swing vote on major issues. But during his talk with Minow, he said he hated to be depicted that way.
“Cases swing. I don't,” he quipped, as the room erupted in laughter.
A moderate conservative, Kennedy has sided with the court's four liberal justices on social issues. The other four justices tend to be more conservative.
Appointed an associate justice on the court by President Ronald Reagan in 1988, Kennedy has written the majority opinion on many of its close decisions, such as in the historic ruling that made same-sex marriage legal across the United States.
He also cast the deciding votes in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, which upheld the right to abortion even with new restrictions; Boumediene v. Bush, which extended the writ of habeas corpus to Guantanamo Bay detainees; and Lawrence v. Texas, which struck down the state's sodomy laws.
When a student asked Kennedy what case he would like to be remembered for, he said he didn't know the answer yet.
“I hope time will be a gracious judge,” he said.
Displaying a self-deprecating sense of humor, Kennedy said he recalls the cases he studied at HLS better than the cases he has heard as a justice.
Explaining how he makes his decisions and writes his opinions, Kennedy said he always asks himself the question: How he can be a good judge every day? The law, he has said, has a moral foundation, and it's important to ask not only what the law is, but what the law should be.
“The law is discipline, ethic, philosophy, and commitment,” he said.
In addition to his court duties, Kennedy teaches law abroad, and that experience has been crucial to his views about the importance of the rule of law and the U.S Constitution.
“As you move eastward outside the United States, the law becomes more remote and authoritarian,” he said. “In the United States, the law is a promise. If you commit to an ethical course of conduct and be a good citizen, you'll be free.”
In Poland, he was struck by students' interest in and knowledge of American law. In China, he was bewildered when many students there said they wanted to go to law school.
“Many students said they had been influenced by movies,” he said. “I thought they had seen ‘Twelve Angry Men,' but it was ‘Legally Blonde,' which I had never heard of. I saw it afterwards. It's a pretty good movie.”
When asked about his favorite professors at HLS, Kennedy mentioned Clark Byse, Ben Kaplan, and Donald Turner. Of the justices he looks up to, he said he admires Earl Warren and Hugo Black.
On to getting along with his colleagues on the bench, Kennedy said it's easy.
“As a lawyer, you're trained to disagree.”
0 Confederate flag raised at Belleview City Hall
BELLEVIEW, Fla. - The Florida state flag was lowered Wednesday morning and the Confederate flag was raised in its stead at Belleview City Hall in observance of Confederate History Day.
A group gathered in the small Marion County town for a ceremony to pay homage to those who fought for the Confederacy during the Civil War.
"What this brings back for me is history," said Bill Canova, who had family that served in the Civil War.
Canova's great-grandfather fought in the Civil War. He said it was important for him to see the flag raising to honor his great-grandfather who put his life on the line.
"I personally feel very humbled and concerned. And I just think of the past and how important my family played in helping a cause they thought was right," said Canova.
Watch footage of Wednesday's flag-raising ceremony below:
Town officials said the flag has been flown annually for several years despite the banner's controversy.
“People say it's a racist flag, but again, people fought for their homes at that time,” said Charles Kadel, commander of the 8th Brigade for the Florida division of the Sons of Confederate Veterans. “They want to do away with all of our monuments and the flags today. You know, they have been attacking the flag for years.”
RIGHT NOW: The Confederate flag has just been raised outside Belleview City Hall @WFTV pic.twitter.com/Tl3Bdpvdi4 — Sarahbeth Ackerman (@SAckermanWFTV) April 26, 2017
Others disagree.
Francine Julius Edwards, co-founder of the Bridges Project, said the flag should be displayed in a museum, not outside a government building.
Read: Confederate flag to hang at City Hall in Belleview
RIGHT NOW: Ceremony is underway outside the Belleview City Hall. The Confederate flag will be going up shortly. @WFTV pic.twitter.com/4KxbXiWRvC — Sarahbeth Ackerman (@SAckermanWFTV) April 26, 2017
“Anything that looks like the Confederate flag does matter and it is oppressive,” she said. “If they were putting up a flag, why wouldn't it be the original 13 colonies flag, which was the original flag that came to Florida?”
The town's mayor said she's comfortable with flying the flag and that she has never received any complaints about it until this year.
RIGHT NOW: Confederate flag is getting set up outside Belleview City Hall. We were told it will now go up at 8A.M. Ceremony before @WFTV pic.twitter.com/81RaryKyKl — Sarahbeth Ackerman (@SAckermanWFTV) April 26, 2017
Supporters of the flag who gathered for Wednesday's ceremony said history “can't and shouldn't” be changed.
The Confederate flag will be replaced by the Florida state flag at 7 p.m. Wednesday.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Monday, July 18, 2011
My First 2D Pixel Shader(s) - Part 2
This is part 2 of a 3 part series on 2D Pixel Shaders. For part 1 click here, for part 3 click here.
When left off we had just implemented our grayscale shader. Just as a reminder, since we'll be building on this function, this is what the PixelShaderFunction looked like.
float4 PixelShaderFunction ( float2 coords : TEXCOORD0 ) : COLOR0 { float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , coords ); color . gb = r ; return color ; }
I want to take a minute and talk about the type and how we access that type. HLSL allows us to quickly define vectors by specifying a type and an integer between 1 and 4 indicating the number of elements belonging to that vector. As an example float4 is a 4 element vector containing floats. int2 would be a two element vector containing ints. Our color variable could also be specified as:
vector < float , 4 > color
You can see how this shorthand greatly simplifies our variable declarations. Since these are vectors there are a lot of neat math tricks we can do with these variables. There's also some per-component access patterns worth mentioning. You can index the individual values of a vector using one of two named sets. They are referred to as the position set (xyzw) and the color set (rgba). You can use any combination of attributes of a named set when accessing a vector however you cannot use attributes from both sets simultaneously.
float4 example = float4 ( 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ); example . g // returns 3 example . y // returns 3 example . rb // returns float2(2,4) example . yw // returns float2(3,5) example . wy // returns float2(5,3) example . rgzw // Invalid subscript. Mixes sets.
As you can see you can specify any number of components and in any order as long as that belong to the same set. You can also use this access pattern during assignment.
float4 example = float4 ( 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ); example . yx = example . zw // float4(5,4,4,5) example . yz = example . w // float4(5,5,5,5)
Now that we understand this concept a little better lets jump into some examples.
Color Based Shaders
In this section we're going to focus on a few shader effects we can do only consider color.
Blackout
This effect is a bit different from our red block from part 1 because we only want to black out the visible sprite and not the entire texture, making a black box.
float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , coords ); color . rgb = 0 ; return color ;
I'll be showing the examples in the rest of this section side-by-side but yours should just look like the one on the right.
In this example you can see we're just assigning 0 to the rgb component of our color vector. The reason this doesn't give us a black box is because we're only modifying the color attributes per pixel and keeping our alpha value. Anything that was previously transparent will also be black but retain its alpha level.
GBR
This effect is super basic but a good example of using the expressiveness of components.
float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , coords ); color . rgb = color . gbr ; return color ;
As you can see we've essentially swapped the values of r and b.
High Contrast
float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , coords ); float high = . 6 ; float low = . 4 ; if ( color . r > high ) color . r = 1 ; else if ( color . r < low ) color . r = 0 ; if ( color . g > high ) color . g = 1 ; else if ( color . g < low ) color . g = 0 ; if ( color . b > high ) color . b = 1 ; else if ( color . b < low ) color . b = 0 ; return color ;
We've introduced a new idea here. The conditional. You can pretty much use these conditionals like you would in C#. I'm not going to go into detail here because I assume you're familiar with if statement. I think now is a good time to make sure you've noticed that the values for the individual floats stored in the vector range from 0 to 1 instead of 0 - 255 as you're probably used to. The main idea behind this effect is that for each of the colors, rgb, we're going to set the value to 1 if it's above some number and to 0 if it's below some number, otherwise leave it alone. This is going to give use strong highlights and shadows. You can easily tweak the high and low variables to get the desired effect or even apply to only one or two of the components.
Negative
float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , coords ); if ( color . a ) color . rgb = 1 - color . rgb ; return color ;
In this function I'm checking if there's an alpha value. I do this because I don't want to apply any color to pixels that are transparent. If the pixel has alpha I subtract the rgb from 1 and assign to rgb. When we do math with multiple components against a scaler it is applied to each component. As an example:
1 - float3 ( 0.2 , 0.9 , 0.4 ); // float3(0.8, 0.1, 0.6)
You can probably see how this would give us a negative of our color.
Coordinate Based Shaders
Now that you've seen a few effects you can get from just playing with color values we're going to see what we can do when we include coordinates into the equation.
Rainbow
This first effect is going to be dividing our coordinates into seven pieces to stripe our sprite like a rainbow.
float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , coords ); if (! any ( color )) return color ; float step = 1.0 / 7 ; if ( coords . x < ( step * 1 )) color = float4 ( 1 , 0 , 0 , 1 ); else if ( coords . x < ( step * 2 )) color = float4 ( 1 , . 5 , 0 , 1 ); else if ( coords . x < ( step * 3 )) color = float4 ( 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 ); else if ( coords . x < ( step * 4 )) color = float4 ( 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 ); else if ( coords . x < ( step * 5 )) color = float4 ( 0 , 0 , 1 , 1 ); else if ( coords . x < ( step * 6 )) color = float4 (. 3 , 0 , . 8 , 1 ); else color = float4 ( 1 , . 8 , 1 , 1 ); return color ;
Now we're utilizing the coordinates that are being passed in to determine how we want to apply an effect. We're completely discarding the color information and applying a manual color depending on where the pixel is located in the texture. COORD0/coords is also a range of 0 to 1. We're going to create a step variable which is 1.0 divided by the number of stripes we're going to use. You could also multiply the width/height if you wanted to get the actual pixel numbers.
Warning: This shader is not especially efficient. This function will be run once per pixel so you usually want to avoid conditionals but I feel this technique is expressive as far as increasing understanding of coordinate based pixel shaders.
Warning: When applying effects based on coordinates it is important to understand the these effects are applied to the entire texture. If you're only displaying a small portion of your texture via srcRect you'll only see a portion of the applied effect. In this specific example you might only see one color because that segment of your texture might fall within those coordinates. This has the potential to bite you when using sprite sheets, common with animation.
180 Rotate
float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , 1 - coords ); return color ;
Similar to the negative effect above we just subtract the coordinates from 1 and we get a simple 180 rotate.
Horizontal Mirror
float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , float2 ( 1 - coords . x , coords . y )); return color ;
For the mirror effect we just need to subtract coordinate x from 1. You can probably imagine a ton of ways to play around with this to get similar effects.
Gradient
float4 color = tex2D ( s0 , coords ); if ( color . a ) color . rgb = coords . y ; return color ;
Here we're just setting RGB to the value of coords.y which is going to move from 0 to 1 as we map over the texture.
Conclusion
Today we learned a bit about the vector data type and accessing the different components of those vectors in various ways. We also learned about a variety of different color based and coordinate based shaders we can apply. There's a ton of really fun things you can do with these techniques. Feel free to just make things up and see how it turns out.
In the next part we'll be talking about some more advanced shaders, including passing in parameters, additional textures, and "lighting."
To jump to part 3 click here.
We did it! A couple of weeks after delivery of my Tesla P85D, my son Ben and I set off from Lands End for John O'Groats to set a new record time utilising the Tesla Supercharger network. We wanted to demonstrate that driving an electric car is as straightforward as driving any other car and in many ways better.
We believe we have now set the record for Lands End to John O'Groats in an electric car in 19 hours 46 minutes including charging time. On our way back we did the return journey in a much shorter time of 18 hours 53 minutes and we believe we have also set a record for least time spent charging - 3 hours 34 minutes.
We made use of range mode throughout the journey to increase the efficiency and made use of eco climate control to ensure a comfortable driving environment. Driving long distance in an electric car doesn't mean giving up that comfortable environment – quite the opposite in Model S. We made extensive use of Traffic-Aware Cruise Control. This meant we could maintain a safe and optimum speed. The speed limit warning was very useful to automatically identify the governing speed limit.
Thanks to the superb drivetrain, the Model S proved to be able to cruise more comfortably and often in near silence, allowing whoever was a passenger time to rest! Similarly, through the use of the adaptive systems/ driver assistance features our driving fatigue was minimized – a key safety benefit allowing both of us to focus more on the road ahead.
To make sure that we were adhering to driving guidelines, we took alternate turns at driving between Superchargers. The long range of the Tesla meant that there was no need for additional stops and when we reached the next Supercharger, we inevitably needed a break for food, drink etc. My son even set up a dedicated ‘sleep' driver profile to adjust the seats and steering wheel to be out of the way to allow for a quick lie down! Due to the short time charging using superchargers, this was only used ahead of the trip, however it demonstrated the space in and versatility of the car.
The performance of the car was quite remarkable, even within speed limits, an unfamiliar road is often a cause for an overcautious approach, however the reassuring handling and superb grip gave a great feeling of confidence, in all weathers. The very well judged regenerative braking meant there was very little need to call on the powerful brakes and also meant the car maintained speed across hills so smoothly that it was often a surprise to notice the altitude changes along the route.
The Superchargers are easy to use, simply plug in the charger on arrival and unplug before setting off. Our first stop was the Supercharger at Exeter, followed by Birmingham, Warrington, Gretna Green, Edinburgh and finally a public charging point at Tain. All at zero cost, both for our wallets and the planet. Our only regret with the Model S was that Auto Pilot was not available at the time – it would have certainly been another great Tesla innovation on the trip.
We were most grateful for the enthusiastic following remotely by friends, family and other Tesla owners during the journey.
This was the third of my challenges this year, the first of which was a much more uncomfortable drive and much slower in a small electric car most of the route, the second was to cycle from Lands end to John O'Groats and in the third we think we have set three records. I am delighted to report that as a result, over £1000 has been raised for The Alzheimer's Society.
Scientists Edge Closer To Elusive Lab Test For Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Enlarge this image toggle caption Malte Mueller/Getty Images Malte Mueller/Getty Images
Imagine feeling horribly sick, day after day, yet doctors repeatedly tell you they can't find anything wrong. That typically happens to people with the mysterious illness commonly known as chronic fatigue syndrome. Research findings from Stanford University released Monday could point the way to a long-sought diagnostic laboratory test for the condition, and possibly a first-ever treatment.
Believed to affect at least a million people in the U.S., the condition is now increasingly termed myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome, or ME/CFS for short.
Many patients see the name "chronic fatigue syndrome" as trivializing and misleading, giving the impression that they're simply tired or depressed. In fact, they're experiencing profound exhaustion that isn't relieved with sleep, flu-like symptoms, muscle pain, "brain fog" and various other physical symptoms, all of which characteristically worsen with even minor exertion. (A 2015 Institute of Medicine report proposed the name "systemic exertion intolerance disease," but it hasn't really stuck.)
The symptoms can range from mild to extremely severe, with about a quarter of patients so ill they're mostly or completely confined to bed. Now, the Stanford researchers have linked ME/CFS to variations in certain cytokines, immune-signaling proteins, that track with illness severity. The study results were published online Monday in the the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The link to gradation in severity, rather than simply seeking a positive versus negative result, represents a new approach to the search for biological markers for the illness. The study involved 192 ME/CFS patients and 392 healthy controls matched for age and sex. Out of 51 cytokines investigated via sophisticated fluorescence-based testing, only two of the cytokines differed, in their total concentrations, between the ME/CFS and control groups.
But, levels of 17 of the cytokines varied dramatically between the patients with mild versus severe ME/CFS symptoms. Of those 17 cytokines, 13 were types that promote inflammation. This is significant because symptoms in these patients and findings from other studies also suggest that chronic inflammation plays a major role in the illness.
"This is a field that has been full of skepticism and misconception, where patients have been viewed to have invented their disease. These data clearly show the contrary, and demonstrate what can be achieved when we couple good research design with new technology," lead author Dr. Jose Montoya, professor of infectious diseases at Stanford, tells Shots.
According to Dr. Anthony L. Komaroff, a Harvard internist and epidemiologist who has written a commentary to accompany the study, "For many years medical scientists have speculated that the symptoms of ME/CFS might be caused by cytokines, molecules that the immune system use to wage war against foreign invaders of the body. Past studies have shown high levels of many cytokines but it was not clear that these high levels were causing symptoms."
What the latest research shows, Komaroff tells Shots, is that "levels of many cytokines do correlate with symptoms: The higher the blood level, the worse the symptoms. That supports the theory that the cytokines are a cause of the symptoms."
So why do routine lab tests that doctors order often come back negative or not informative in ME/CFS patients? Simply put, Montoya says, those tests aren't measuring the right things.
Two classic laboratory measures of inflammation are sedimentation rate — the ability of red blood cells to clump together, which isn't a factor in ME/CFS — and C-reactive protein, which reflects levels of a single cytokine that wasn't one of those linked to severity in this study.
"Inflammation is much more complicated than two imperfect old measures," Montoya says. "We're showing an inflammation that has not been seen before."
The multidisciplinary Stanford team is now working on developing a panel that could be used commercially, that would test for around five of the 17 cytokines and would likely involve the doctor first classifying patients by severity in order to interpret the results. Such a test could both establish the diagnosis and serve to monitor patients' responses to treatment.
What's more, the findings also point to possible treatment with immune-modifying or anti-inflammatory therapy. Montoya hopes that by publishing these findings "a team of researchers somewhere in the world will see these cytokines and say they have the drug for that inflammation. We hope drug companies will pursue it."
Indeed, a major drug trial is now being conducted in Norway investigating whether the immune-modifying drug rituximab alleviates ME/CFS symptoms, after preliminary studies suggested that it did in some patients. Interestingly, the drug is approved to treat certain autoimmune diseases and also non-Hodgkin lymphoma, a cancer that one study found uniquely occurs at a higher rate among older people with ME/CFS.
Komaroff also notes a recent increase in research funding by the National Institutes of Health, which has included a comprehensive in-house study aimed at unraveling the underlying causes of the condition.
And in an ongoing privately funded study, Stanford geneticist Ron Davis and a team including three Nobel laureates is taking a similar "big data" approach to investigate a group of ME/CFS patients who are all severely ill, including Davis' own adult son.
"There is much to learn," Komaroff writes, in the journal. "Hopefully, a decade from now, "doctors will know better what to measure and, more importantly, what to do to ease the suffering caused by this illness."
Miriam E. Tucker is a freelance journalist specializing in medicine and health. You can follow her on Twitter @MiriamETucker.
The roadmap to build and deploy an exascale computer has extended over the last few years–and more than once.
Initially, the timeline marked 2018 as the year an exaflop-capable system would be on the floor, just one year after the CORAL pre-exascale machines are installed at three national labs in the U.S.. That was later shifted to 2020, and now, according to a new report setting forth the initial hardware requirements for such a system, it is anywhere between 2023-2025. For those who follow high performance computing and the efforts toward exascale computing, this extended timeline might not come as a surprise given key challenges ahead. While the petaflop supercomputers that top the bi-annual list of the world's fastest systems are yielding tremendous scientific successes now, there are a number of areas in both research and industry that can harness exascale-class computing resources, including cloud-resolving earth system models, multi-scale materials models, and beyond.
The problems with reaching the exascale target in a closer period are not limited to the big issues, including power consumption and programmability. Exascale requires a full-system effort, with improvements of every component, which culminates in power efficiency and programmability.
In an effort to reach exascale, the Department of Energy (DoE), National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) and the Office of Science (SC) have extended the efforts included in the FastForward and DesignForward efforts to support exascale computing (funding ends in 2019) into the Exascale Computing Project (ECP), which is the source of the new timeline. The goal of the initiative is to “target the R&D, product development, integration, and delivery of at least two exascale computing systems for delivery in 2023.”
For the purposes of PathForward a capable exascale system is defined as “a supercomputer that can solve science problems 50X faster (or more complex) than on the 20 petaflop systems (Titan and Sequoia) of today in a power envelope of 20-30 megawatts, and is sufficiently resilient that user intervention due to hardware or system faults is on the order of a week on average.” Since these requirements fall far off the Moore's Law curve that has guided leaps in computational capability for supercomputers, this kind of improvement required is drastic—and comes with far more software-related hitches than before, even with the leap to petascale-class computing.
The hardware-focused report cites four major extreme-scale challenges on the hardware side, which we will be focused on in an in-depth series over the next couple of weeks. These include building massive levels parallelism into the code, as well as designing systems that can support this; resilience at scale; memory and storage issues (high capacity and low latency systems on both fronts), and of course, energy consumption.
Central to all of these efforts is a co-design approach, which means taking a system-level view against scientific applications and allowing that application focus to guide future architecture and design choices. The ECP will “establish several new co-design centers around common mathematical motifs, in contrast to the ASCR and ASC co-design centers, which were designed around specific applications.”
Leading up the first round of proposals for the system, a process that will begin formally in 2019, is a more important stage—the firming up of technologies across the HPC vendor ecosystem to support such machines. Reviewers will be taking solicitations from vendors focused on key elements of the stack as lead-up technologies in pre-exascale systems in the interim. “While the focus of the R&D should be on exascale systems, if there are interim benefits that could feed into DoE's upcoming pre-exascale platform requirements, these should be described,” the report notes, pointing to several key conditions.
Reading the list below, it should jump out at you that what is missing in future supercomputers is far less about hardware capabilities and much more about the management of large systems. Ultimately, these are software-driven problems. While the developer challenges are not mentioned here to too much of a degree, that, like power consumption, is one of the “grand scale challenges” ahead as well.
Designs that simplify changing or upgrading specific node capabilities (e.g., processors, memory, coprocessors) or that enable node substitution in the face of faults that may degrade or kill nodes.
Mechanisms to increase flexibility in resource utilization such as ways to share memory capacity across nodes.
Mechanisms to mitigate the tension between production system use, which primarily entails large jobs, and software development for the system, which involves non-computational tasks, such as compilation and short jobs for testing and debugging.
Designs that facilitate compiling for a mix of heterogeneous nodes.
Mechanisms to support efficient scheduling of diverse resource types.
Scalable, adaptive and unobtrustive monitoring, with real-time analysis of platform state.
Real-time autonomic platform management under production workloads, gracefully handling unplanned events without requiring immediate human intervention.
“Application performance figures of merit will be the most important criteria. The period of performance for any subcontract resulting from this RFP will be through 2019. Proposals shall include descriptions of independently priced work packages that focus on one or more specific component-level enabling technologies related to system or node design. Offerors must describe the path by which their system or node R&D could intersect an HPC exascale system delivered in the 2022-2023 timeframe.”
Although there is a great deal of work to be done to meet the application performance goals stated in the ECP documents, it is useful to see early roadmap planning that confirms there are at least two architectures and at least two machines being planned for the 2023 timeframe. There are already several pre-exascale systems we have covered in detail, including Summit, Sierra, and Aurora (as well as smaller pre-exascale systems in advance of those to prepare), and it is likely these will be setting the architectural stage for what is to come.
Look for our series covering the four challenges in technical deep dives with key stakeholders over the course of the coming two weeks.
It's hard to believe this show could get much darker, but judging by this new trailer for The Walking Dead's fifth season, it's apparently possible.
The new 1+ minute trailer shows off a fair bit of new footage, including some new Terminus bits as things are looking very, very dire for Rick (Andrew Lincoln) and the gang. Rick declares vengeance, oaths are made that certain people will die, it's — yeah — not pretty.
There's also some apparent post-Terminus footage, though we still don't have a clue how they escaped. But Rick and company seem to be hunting some folks, so we'll be curious to see how that plays out. We also get a look at a mysterious church (see: Father Gabriel) and an absolutely massive explosion. Like, a big, big boom. That definitely has our curiosity piqued.
Check out the trailer below and let us know what you think:
The Walking Dead stars Andrew Lincoln, Norman Reedus, Steven Yeun, Lauren Cohan, Chad Coleman, Chandler Riggs, Melissa McBride, Emily Kinney, Danai Gurira and Sonequa Martin-Green.
The new season debuts Sunday, Oct. 12, at 9 p.m. ET/PT.
(Via Coming Soon)
CORSICANA, Texas — A 14-year-old Texas boy lived inside a Walmart for four days without being noticed, according to a report from KTVT.
Employees found the teenage boy after discovering multiple “secret hidden compounds” inside the store.
The teen apparently built two campsites inside the store, one on the aisle of baby products behind several strollers and the other behind several stacks of paper towels and toilet paper.
Customers did not notice the campsites where the boy hid necessities, slept in a makeshift bed and ate food from inside the store. The boy also made a hole in the back wall of the drink aisle so he could take juice without being seen.
The boy reportedly wore diapers instead of using the restroom because he was afraid he may get caught.
A trash trail led to the teen's discovery, according to KTVT. Police responded to the store and the boy was released to a relative.
Child Protective Services told KTVT the boy lives with relatives but was visiting other relatives when he disappeared.
Source: KTVT
Ian Gavan / Getty Images Author JK Rowling.
Maybe you were watching that other debate, I don't know. Your time is your own. As for me, I spent last evening at the David H. Koch Theater at Lincoln Center in New York City watching J.K. Rowling and Ann Patchett talk about Rowling's new novel The Casual Vacancy.
This was Rowling's only live appearance in the U.S. for the book, and the mood in the hall was giddy. These weren't casual fans: there wasn't a lot of actual Harry Potter cosplay visible, but you could tell a lot of people were cosplaying in their minds. I was a little surprised that some of the upper balconies of the hall were empty — I'd envisioned this as a bit more of a mob scene — but apparently the venue had been changed, after they accidentally oversold a different hall. The Koch Theater holds 2,586 people. Rowling signed everyone's books last night, and that would have been a lot of books to sign.
(MORE: Lev Grossman's review of The Casual Vacancy)
Rowling got two standing ovations, once when her name was announced, and once when she actually joined Patchett on stage. If you've never seen Rowling in person, you should know that it's a bit special — she's one of those people who, without having obviously been media-trained, has the trick of being smart and warm and natural and vulnerable-seeming onstage. She laughs a lot and makes fun of herself. She swears at the rate of about once every five minutes. She wears amazingly high heels. She's a pleasure to watch.
She and Patchett, sitting facing each other with a huge Casual Vacancy book cover behind them, went right into the technical stuff about the novel's composition. “The challenge was the structure of the book,” Rowling said. “I had a complicated diagram — arrows going in all directions.” (If you haven't read the book, or the reviews, it's a kaleidoscopic sort of novel with lots of points of view and many moving parts.) She works on a MacBook Air (“the MacBook Air changed my life. I can now work really anywhere.”) She had to cut out a lot of things she loved, including an autopsy scene, but as she said several times, “we are ruthless people, writers.”
It was a big change for Rowling, a real gut-check, to write a book that was this adult, with drugs and death and sex and even rape. “The first couple of people who read it, the immediate reaction was, ‘fucking hell!' It's so dark, it's just so dark,” she said. On the other hand, she pointed out, the sex is not gratuitous — it's not porn — which led to the obligatory 50 Shades of Grey joke, which was in fact the line of the night: “People have sex in this book, but nobody really enjoys it. That's the difference.”
Rowling didn't stay focused strictly on The Casual Vacancy. She and Patchett spent some minutes on the question of children's books and why they're important. “Children are very familiar with fear,” Rowling said. “And children's literature gives them a place to explore that.” (Rowling also quoted, with a horrified shudder, an ‘expert' she saw on TV: “‘Children must be protected from their imaginations.'”) They touched on Patchett's second career as a bookseller (Patchett's first career is as a bestselling novelist in her own right — Bel Canto, last year's State of Wonder, etc.) Apparently backstage Rowling had been talking about how wonderful it must be to run a bookstore. “The minute you left the room,” Rowling says, “my husband said, ‘Do not open a bookshop! We haven't got enough going on?'”
(Personally I think she should open a bookstore. Rowling's husband, a doctor, was sitting in the front row, and they stopped at a couple of points for a little banter, but you couldn't see him, or hear him, from Row S in the orchestra.)
(MORE: J.K. Rowling: More Harry Potter Possible)
Rowling was very funny, and quite touching, about her memories of the years she spent on public assistance, and on the difficulty of writing, and the insecurities that plague writers, even wildly successful ones. “We are thin-skinned people,” she said. A few times she mentioned the famous question of the Marauder's Map, which caused her no end of trouble in the Harry Potter books. “My husband was the only one who never asked me why Harry had the Marauder's Map back when it had been confiscated” (this plot-hole appears, if memory serves, in Goblet of Fire.) Later she remarked: “that map told you way too much.”
She and Patchett spent some time analyzing Fats, an adolescent boy who may be the most complicated, subtly drawn character in The Casual Vacancy. Fats are virtually amoral, but he's also magnetic — “I feel guilty that I like him,” Rowling said. “He's cool.” Patchett and Rowling had a brief exchange over whether Rowling is herself cool. They agreed to disagree.
The closing minutes were given over to questions submitted in advance by the audience (apparently I could have done this, but if so I never figured out how; I would have liked to hear Rowling talk about the significant amounts of negative coverage The Casual Vacancy has been getting, and how she feels about it. But see, this is why it's good that it was Patchett up there and not me.) There were questions about what she was working on next — something, probably for kids, was the answer. Rowling was asked where she would live if she could live in any fictional place. “I'd like to go to Meryton and cut out Elizabeth Bennett with Mr. Darcy,” she said, and she added, to wild applause, “I do still walk in and out of Hogwarts.” But Rowling's final answer was Moonacre Manor, the setting of a novel that she loved as a little girl called The Little White Horse.
At the end of the night every single audience member was given a copy of The Casual Vacancy, which Rowling signed. I already had a copy, which I'd read, but the staff wouldn't let me give Rowling my old, beat-up, dog-eared copy to sign — apparently the new copies we were given had shiny anti-piracy stickers on them, which I don't fully understand, but I guess they ensure that Rowling's signature is genuine, which is of course a good thing. (On balance I would have preferred a copy of The Little White Horse, but none were on offer.)
Rowling is a pro—she signed, I would guess, about one book very five seconds, but she gave good eye contact, and she managed to communicate a lot of warmth in that very brief interaction. “It's like communion,” Patchett ad-libbed, and she was right. It was one of those debates where both sides won. If Rowling/Patchett were running in 2012, and I wish they were, they would have my vote.
MORE: J.K. Rowling and 6 Other Children's Authors Who ‘Graduated' to Adult Books
The LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens First Order General (5004406) minifigure polybag is finally listed on Toys R Us' website for $4.99. This most likely means that it should be showing in stores here in the US as part of an upcoming promotion. This minifigure was first released as a promo in TRU Hong Kong and after a few months, it will finally be available here. The character isn't too special but polybag collectors would want it anyways. I'll try to check the status of the minifigure when I get to work tomorrow. The item number is 553205 if you're searching for it in stores.
Update: I've checked the system and there are 6,300 polybags at the closest distribution center here in California waiting to be sent out to stores in nearby states. There's still no word on when they will be available.
When I lived in Portland, one of my favorite events was the annual naked bike ride, in which thousands of people stripped down and went for a leisurely cruise through downtown. It was thrilling, comedic and full of weirdos.
While the event certainly smells of nearly every manner of derogatory stereotype people like to lob at The City of Roses, it isn't just a Portland thing. The event happens in dozens of cities all over the world. And now, despite people's insistence that "people just don't do that here," it looks like it may be coming to Boise.
According the just-released schedule, the Bare as You Dare ride will happen on Friday, June 24, at 9:45 p.m.
The event is described at boisebicycleproject.org thusly:
A light-hearted protest against fossil fuel. A demonstration that any body can ride a bike and have fun doing it. A comment on the vulnerability of cyclists. Choose your message, ride with us! What to wear? Do not fear! The World Naked Bike Ride dress code is "Bare As You Dare"... How bare is that ? How dare is that ?...It's all up to you, you decide what you are comfortable with. No one is excluded or discriminated against based on levels of clothing, bodypaint, or anything else, for that matter! Who's in charge? Nobody knows. Be there at 9:45 p.m. and start ringing your bell as we roll at 10 p.m. We'll ride over to 13th Street, through Hyde Park and down to Fort Street. East on Fort, all the way to Eighth, and then back up to the tennis courts.
And while the weirdophiles here at BW are glad to welcome such an event, we also feel compelled to both remind folks of Boise Municipal Code 6-22, which bans public nudity, and to tell Judas Priest it just may be time to cue the chorus.
So there was no ticking time bomb. No urgent need ever arose to torture anybody who was withholding crucial details, so that civilisation as we know it could be saved in the nick of time. No wires had to be tapped, special prisons erected or international accords violated. No innocent people had to be grabbed off the street in their home country, transported across the globe and waterboarded. Drones, daisy-cutters, invasions, occupations were, it has transpired, not necessary.
Indeed, when it actually came down to it, to forestall a near-calamitous terrorist atrocity in the US the authorities didn't even have to go in search of information or informants. The alleged terrorist's father came to the US embassy in Nigeria of his own free will and warned them that his son, Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, had disappeared and could be in the company of Yemeni terrorists.
Meanwhile the National Security Agency had heard that al-Qaida in Yemen was planning to use an unnamed Nigerian in an attack on the US. If that were not enough, then came Abdulmutallab himself, a 23-year-old Nigerian bound for Detroit who bought his ticket in cash, checked in no bags and left no contact information. For seven years the American state manipulated the public with its multicoloured terror alerts. But when all the warning lights were flashing red, it did nothing.
To brand this near miss a "systemic failure", as Barack Obama has done, is both true and inadequate. It reduces the moral vacuity, political malevolence and enduring strategic recklessness that has been the enduring response to the 9/11 attacks to a question of managerial competence.
"Terror is first of all the terror of the next attack," explains Arjun Appadurai in Fear of Small Numbers. During the Bush years that terror was routinely leveraged for the purposes of social control, military mobilisation and electoral advantage. Meanwhile, the administrative processes that might prevent the next attack were tragically lacking. In short, Bush's anti-terror strategy was not about protecting people but about scaring them.
To galvanise the nation for war abroad and sedate it for repression at home, the previous administration constructed a terror threat that was ubiquitous in character, apocalyptic in scale and imminent in nature. Only then could they counterpose human rights against security as though they were not only contradictory but mutually exclusive.
Al-Qaida was only too happy to oblige. In such a state of perpetual crisis both terrorists and reactionaries thrive. Terrorists successfully create a climate of fear; governments successfully exploit that fear to extend their own powers.
"I'm absolutely convinced that the threat we face now, the idea of a terrorist in the middle of one of our cities with a nuclear weapon, is very real and that we have to use extraordinary measures to deal with it," said former vice-president Dick Cheney.
The trouble is that even by their own shabby standards, none of these "extraordinary measures" have ever worked. No new laws were necessary to stop 9/11. If the immigration services, the FBI and the CIA had been doing their jobs properly, the attacks could have been prevented.
Nonetheless, in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 the US government undertook the "preventative detention" of about 5,000 men on the basis of their birthplace and later sought a further 19,000 "voluntary interviews". Over the next year, more than 170,000 men from 24 predominantly Muslim countries and North Korea were fingerprinted and interviewed in a programme of "special registration". None of these produced a single terrorism conviction.
This set the pattern for the years to come: wiretapping, rendition, torture, secrecy. Those who otherwise rail against the inefficiency of government argued for more extensive, intrusive state power even as it produced little in the way of results. When confronted with this lamentable record, their only defence was the threat of the next attack. "The next time, the smoking gun could be a mushroom cloud" said Condoleezza Rice, adding. "They only have to be right once. We have to be right every time." Over the last week even once in a while would have looked good.
There are precious few partisan points to be made here. Responsibility for Abdulmutallab lies with Obama. He has been in power longer than Bush was when he received the FBI memo entitled "Bin Laden determined to attack inside the US". The Bush administration may have been more alarmist and belligerent, but, despite his more emollient tone, Obama has kept most of the repressive apparatus that Bush constructed intact. Obama has expressed his support for trying Guantánamo prisoners under military commissions, while his CIA chief has expressed his desire to keep extraordinary rendition. Meanwhile, photographs of torture and documents describing videos of these "enhanced interrogations" remain under lock and key.
"Leon Panetta has been captured by the people who were the ideological drivers for the interrogation program in the first place," a former CIA officer told the Washington Post. Casting the escalation of the Afghanistan war as a central front in the war on terror is a potent illustration of how this delusion has continued. Al-Qaida is now more likely to be found in Pakistan, an American ally, than in Afghanistan and the latest threat came via Yemen. Terrorism is a strategy, not a place – attempts to carpet-bomb it or occupy it or conquer it will inevitably fail.
Given the nature of terrorism another attack can be predicted with grim certainty. Before 9/11 there was Oklahoma City and before that there was the World Trade Centre. In a nation where the shooting of innocents in schools, colleges, churches and coffee shops is relatively commonplace, it goes without saying that one disturbed individual, with a lethal weapon and with or without an agenda, can inflict a substantial amount of human carnage. If they are working in a team and well resourced, the damage could be huge. All the state can reasonably expect to do is limit the odds.
The US has actually done the opposite. Thanks to war and torture it has swelled the number of people who might want to do it harm. Much has been made of Abdulmutallab's radicalisation in London. But there had to be something to radicalise him with. In Abu Ghraib, Haditha, Fallujah and elsewhere, the US has provided plenty of material.
Meanwhile the institutional stasis within the agencies that are supposed to combat terrorism means that when a potential terrorist actually does rear their head they appear on every radar and yet somehow, all too often, go undetected.
So instead of reducing the odds politicians instead invoke them. "If there's a 1% chance that Pakistani scientists are helping al-Qaida build or develop a nuclear weapon," Cheney once said, "we have to treat it as a certainty in terms of our response. It's not about our analysis ... It's about our response". But it's precisely because their analysis has been so deeply flawed that their response has been so faulty. Until things improve there is a much higher chance that America's anti-terror efforts will repeat themselves: first as farce and then as human tragedy.
For other uses, see Musa
This article is about the botanical genus. For cultivated plants, see Banana
Musa is one of two or three genera in the family Musaceae; it includes bananas and plantains. Around 70 species of Musa are known, with a broad variety of uses.
Though they grow as high as trees, banana and plantain plants are not woody and their apparent "stem" is made up of the bases of the huge leaf stalks. Thus, they are technically gigantic herbs.
Musa species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, including the giant leopard moth and other Hypercompe species, including H. albescens (only recorded on Musa), H. eridanus, and H. icasia.
Systematics and taxonomy [ edit ]
History [ edit ]
The genus Musa was first named by Carl Linnaeus in 1753.[2] The name is a Latinization of the Arabic name for the fruit, mauz (موز). Mauz meaning Musa is discussed in the 11th-century Arabic encyclopedia The Canon of Medicine, which was translated to Latin in medieval times and well known in Europe.[Note 1] Muz is also the Turkish, Persian, and Somali name for the fruit. Some sources assert that Musa is named for Antonius Musa, physician to the Emperor Augustus.[3] The word "banana" came to English from Spanish and Portuguese, which in turn apparently obtained it from a West African language (possibly Wolof).[4]
From the time of Linnaeus until the 1940s, different types of edible bananas and plantains were given Linnaean binomial names, such as Musa cavendishii, as if they were species. In fact, edible bananas have an extremely complicated origin involving hybridization, mutation, and finally selection by humans. Most edible bananas are seedless (parthenocarpic), hence sterile, so they are propagated vegetatively. The giving of species names to what are actually very complex, largely asexual, hybrids (mostly of two species of wild bananas, Musa acuminata and Musa balbisiana) led to endless confusion in banana botany. In the 1940s and 1950s, it became clear to botanists that the cultivated bananas and plantains could not usefully be assigned Linnean binomials, but were better given cultivar names.[citation needed]
Food served on a banana leaf, a traditional way of serving food more popular in southern India
Sections [ edit ]
Ernest Entwistle Cheesman carried out a major revision of the Musaceae in the 1940s. Following his approach, the genus Musa was divided into five sections: Ingentimusa, Australimusa, Callimusa, Musa, and Rhodochlamys. These were reduced to three in 2002. Previously, the 2n = 20-chromosome species were separated into the sections Australimusa and Callimusa and the 2n = 22-chromosome species were separated into the sections Musa and Rhodochlamys. Studies have shown that genetic differences between each section in the same chromosome group are smaller than those within each section. This means the traditional separation of the sections can no longer be substantiated. Wong's studies do, however, maintain the separation between the 20- and 22-chromosome species. At present, the 2n = 14 chromosome Ingentimusa section also remains distinct.[5]
Species [ edit ]
The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families accepts 68 species and two primary hybrids, as of January 2013 , which are listed below.[6] The assignment to sections is based on GRIN (where this gives the species),[7] regrouped according to Wong et al.[5]
Section Callimusa (incorporating Australimusa) [ edit ]
Musa sp. Fruit stalk ofsp.
Banana flowers
[A] and [C] indicate known placement in the former sections Australimusa and Callimusa, respectively.[8]
Section Ingentimusa [ edit ]
Section Musa (incorporating Rhodochlamys) [ edit ]
Musa acuminata with with inflorescence
Musa velutina) flower Pink banana () flower
Section undetermined or unknown [ edit ]
Musa sp. Varigated form ofsp.
Musa sp. sp.
Formerly placed here [ edit ]
Cultivated bananas [ edit ]
A number of distinct groups of plants bearing edible fruit have been developed from species of Musa. In English, fruits which are sweet and used for dessert are usually called "bananas", whereas starchier varieties used for cooking are called "plantains", but these terms do not have any botanical significance. By far the largest and now the most widely distributed group of cultivated bananas is derived from section Musa, particularly M. acuminata and M. balbisiana, either alone or in various hybrid combinations. The next but much smaller group is derived from members of section Callimusa (previously classified as Australimusa) and is restricted in importance to Polynesia. Of even more restricted importance are small groups of hybrids from Papua New Guinea; a group from section Musa to which Musa schizocarpa has also contributed, and a group of hybrids between section Musa and section Callimusa.[citation needed]
Section Musa cultivars [ edit ]
When the Linnaean binomial system was abandoned for cultivated bananas, an alternate genome-based system for the nomenclature of edible bananas in section Musa was devised. Thus, the plant previously known by the "species" name Musa cavendishii became Musa (AAA Group) 'Dwarf Cavendish'. The "new" name shows clearly that 'Dwarf Cavendish' is a triploid, with three sets of chromosomes, all derived from Musa acuminata, which is designated by the letter "A". When Musa balbisiana is involved, the letter "B" is used to denote its genome. Thus, the cultivar 'Rajapuri' may be called Musa (AAB Group) 'Rajapuri'. 'Rajapuri' is also a triploid, expected to have two sets of chromosomes from Musa acuminata and one from Musa balbisiana. In the genome of edible bananas from section Musa, combinations such as AA, BB, ABB, BBB and even AAAB can be found.
For a more detailed explanation of this system and a list of some edible banana and plantain cultivars using it, see the List of banana cultivars.
Fe'i-type cultivars [ edit ]
No such nomenclature system has been developed for the group of edible bananas derived from section Callimusa. This group is known generally as the "Fe'i" or "Fehi" bananas, and numerous cultivars are found in the South Pacific region. They are very distinctive plants with upright fruit bunches, featuring in three of Paul Gauguin's paintings. The flesh can be cooked before eating and is bright orange, with a high level of beta carotene. Fe'i bananas are no longer very important for food, as imported foods have grown in popularity, although some have ritual significance. Investigations are under way to use the Fe'i karat bananas (the name derives from "carrot" due to the intense orange-yellow color of the fruit) in prevention of childhood blindness in Pohnpei.[10] Fe'i bananas probably derive mainly from Musa maclayi, although their origins are not as well understood as the section Musa bananas. Cultivars can be formally named, as e.g. Musa (Fe'i Group) 'Utafun'.
See also [ edit ]
Banana
Ensete (false bananas); for more information about Musella , also see Ensete
(false bananas); for more information about , also see Plantain
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Twitter feed for MorriconeStuff posted the below shot of director Quentin Tarantino and composer Ennio Morricone working together in Prague on the score for The Hateful Eight. Tarantino made the announcement Morricone would be providing the first, full original score for a Tarantino film at Comic Con saying:
I want to make one announcement that people don't know yet. It wasn't for sure, but we just settled it. You guys know that I don't use an original score in my movies, I kinda take scores from other movies and put 'em in there. This one, I thought should have an original score. So I'm here to announce that the great Ennio Morricone will be doing the score for The Hateful Eight. He's writing right now, and recording in Prague in the next couple of weeks.
Seems he made good on that promise.
Morricone provided one original song for Tarantino's Django Unchained, “Ancora Qui”. I have embedded the shot of Morricone and Tarantino below along with “Ancora Qui”.
Maestro Ennio Morricone & Quentin Tarantino working on music for The Hateful Eight, Prague. v/ @MorriconeStuff pic.twitter.com/KtlLzJVz81 — Film History In Pics (@FilmHistoryPics) July 20, 2015
[yt id=”4IdBEUMfg2k” width=”515″]
Natural and artificial flavors are defined for the consumer in the Code of Federal Regulations. A key line from this definition is the following: " a natural flavor is the essential oil, oleoresin, essence or extractive, protein hydrolysate, distillate, or any product of roasting, heating or enzymolysis, which contains the flavoring constituents derived from a spice, fruit or fruit juice, vegetable or vegetable juice, edible yeast, herb, bark, bud, root, leaf or similar plant material, meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy products, or fermentation products thereof, whose significant function in food is flavoring rather than nutritional." Artificial flavors are those that are made from components that do not meet this definition.
The question at hand, however, appears to be less a matter of legal definition than the "real" or practical difference between these two types of flavorings. There is little substantive difference in the chemical compositions of natural and artificial flavorings. They are both made in a laboratory by a trained professional, a "flavorist," who blends appropriate chemicals together in the right proportions. The flavorist uses "natural" chemicals to make natural flavorings and "synthetic" chemicals to make artificial flavorings. The flavorist creating an artificial flavoring must use the same chemicals in his formulation as would be used to make a natural flavoring, however. Otherwise, the flavoring will not have the desired flavor. The distinction in flavorings--natural versus artificial--comes from the source of these identical chemicals and may be likened to saying that an apple sold in a gas station is artificial and one sold from a fruit stand is natural.
This issue is somewhat confusing to the average consumer in part because of other seeming parallels in the world. One can, for example, make a blue dye out of blueberry extract or synthetic pigments. These dyes are very different in chemical composition yet both yield a blue color. Similarly, consider one shirt made from wool and another from nylon. Both are shirts, but they have very different chemical compositions. This diversity of building blocks is not possible in flavorings--one makes a given flavor only by using specific chemicals. Thus, if a consumer purchases an apple beverage that contains an artificial flavor, she will ingest the same primary chemicals that she would take in if she had chosen a naturally flavored apple beverage.
When making a flavor, the flavorist always begins by going to the scientific literature and researching what chemicals nature uses to make the desired flavor. He then selects from the list of flavor components found in, say, real apples, generally simplifying natures list to eliminate those chemicals that make little contribution to taste or are not permitted owing to toxicity. (Nature has no restrictions on using toxic chemicals, whereas the flavorist does.) The flavorist then either chooses chemicals that are natural (isolated from nature as described above) or synthetic chemicals (made by people) to make the flavor.
So is there truly a difference between natural and artificial flavorings? Yes. Artificial flavorings are simpler in composition and potentially safer because only safety-tested components are utilized. Another difference between natural and artificial flavorings is cost. The search for "natural" sources of chemicals often requires that a manufacturer go to great lengths to obtain a given chemical. Natural coconut flavorings, for example, depend on a chemical called massoya lactone. Massoya lactone comes from the bark of the Massoya tree, which grows in Malaysia. Collecting this natural chemical kills the tree because harvesters must remove the bark and extract it to obtain the lactone. Furthermore, the process is costly. This pure natural chemical is identical to the version made in an organic chemists laboratory, yet it is much more expensive than the synthetic alternative. Consumers pay a lot for natural flavorings. But these are in fact no better in quality, nor are they safer, than their cost-effective artificial counterparts.
When the National Organic Standards Board meets this week in St. Louis, its 15 members will confront some particularly controversial agenda items involving whether certain substances and production methods are acceptable for use in food items certified as organic.
The NOSB is an citizen advisory group responsible for considering and making recommendations to USDA on a wide range of issues involving the production, handling and processing of organic products. It has particular responsibility for adding, removing, or sunset reviewing items on the National List of Allowed and Prohibited Substances.
The list details a variety of substances that may and may not be used in organic production or handling. As part of its charge, the NOSB must review each substance on the list every five years to make sure it confirms to specific criteria and also consider petitions to add or delete a particular substance.
According to Miles McEvoy, deputy administrator of USDA's National Organic Program, federal organic standards are designed to “allow natural substances in organic farming while prohibiting synthetic substances.” However, he notes there are exceptions, such as pheromones used on fruit crops to fight insects and certain animal vaccines.
“The National List also allows certain processing aids, such as baking soda. This substance lightens (or leavens) the dough for organic pancakes, baked goods, and other products,” McEvoy explains. “Conversely, some substances like strychnine and arsenic are examples of natural toxic substances that are prohibited in organic production.”
The carrageenan controversy
NOSB members will finish reviewing substances with 2018 sunset dates at this week's meeting. One of them is carrageenan, an FDA-approved food additive made from a species of red seaweed and used in infant formula, dairy products, non-dairy “milk” analogs, meats and drink mixes to promote gel formation and thicken, stabilize and improve palatability and appearance.
Carrageenan is scheduled to be removed from the list on Nov. 3, 2018. It is currently categorized as a “nonagricultural substance” that may be used as an ingredient in or on processed products labeled as “organic” or “made with organic” ingredients or food groups.
Concerns have been raised about how the seaweed is grown and harvested, how it is processed, and whether carrageenan is a “synthetic material” under NOSB's definition.
Concerns have also been raised about the risk of inflammation and possibly colon cancer in humans and animals from ingesting carrageenan in food products. However, there is a lack of consensus about whether the scientific studies done to date are conclusive about the effect on human health of consuming carrageenan.
According to a report released earlier this year by The Cornucopia Institute, all food-grade carrageenan is dangerous because it contains a carcinogenic contaminant — low molecular weight poligeenan.
However, Marinalg International, which represents the seaweed industry, counters that poligeenan is a “similar but wholly distinctive substance from carrageenan that is never used in foods.”
A subcommittee of NOSB has stated that it is aware of the ongoing scientific debate, that carrageenan has already been removed from many food products in the past few years, and that “suitable alternatives” are available such as gellan gum, xanthan gum and guar gum.
Because alternatives are available, the subcommittee voted 5-2 earlier this year to propose removal of carrageenan from the National List.
The debate over ‘bioponics'
Also on the NOSB agenda this week is the question of whether produce grown using “bioponics” should be eligible for organic certification. Bioponics combines the production methods of hydroponics and aquaponics to grow produce using containers but without using soil.
The debate is especially complex because crops raised using something other than soil have been eligible for organic certification since USDA established the National Organic Program in 2002.
Advocates claim that today's bioponics methods use less water and fertilizer and enhance food safety and sustainability, while opponents say that bioponics excludes soil-plant ecology essential to organic farming methods and bypasses the age-old tradition of crops being grown in the ground.
A 16-member task force established last year by the National Organic Program reported back to the NOSB in July with an extensive report about current technologies and practices being used and examining whether and how they align with the Organic Foods Production Act and USDA organic regulations.
In essence, the task force supported “the historical premise that organic production should take place in soil,” but noted that the decision is ultimately up to the NOSB.
“This will be a very important recommendation for the future of organic certification,” the task force report stated. “No matter what one thinks about which path is best, we can all accept that many in the organic community are opposed to the inclusion of hydroponic as organic. Failure to address that concern will inevitably undermine public and farmer support for the USDA Organic label.”
Members of the NOSB are appointed to five-year terms by the secretary of agriculture. It currently has four members who own or operate an organic farming operation; two who own or operate an organic handling operation; one who owns or operates a retail outlet trading in organic products; three with expertise in environmental protection; three from public or consumer interest groups; one with toxicology, ecology, or biochemistry expertise, and one who is a USDA-accredited certifying agent.
The NOSB plans to meet Wednesday through Friday at the Chase Park Plaza Hotel in St. Louis. The full agenda can be found here.
(To sign up for a free subscription to Food Safety News, click here.)
Pitt coach Pat Narduzzi addressed the legal troubles of his star receiver, Tyler Boyd, at a booster event Tuesday, and as the Pittsburgh Tribune writes, he shared the blame for the incident.
“You always look at yourself,” Narduzzi told the crowd, according to the Tribune. “What can we do better as a staff and a head football coach? That's everything we do. We talk all the time about making right choices. I'm a father of four. I feel for him. I feel for his family.”
It's a nice sentiment from the first-year coach, and it'll certainly help to engender some additional support from fans worried about the potential loss of arguably the ACC's top receiver. On the issue of that potential loss, however, Narduzzi remained non-committal, saying all cases are handled individually but declining to indicate how Boyd's situation might unfold.
Boyd was charged with DUI on Tuesday, and while the preliminary hearing isn't scheduled until Aug. 5, there will no doubt be plenty of time for Pitt fans to debate how much time the junior wideout should miss. Boyd's loss would be significant for any length of time. Boyd was responsible for 52.2 percent of Pitt's receiving yards last season. No other player in the country accounted for more than 44 percent of his team's receiving yards.
Beyond Boyd, Pitt has little in the way of experienced receivers.
2014 stats for Pitt's returning wide receivers:
Boyd: 78 catches, 1,261 yards, 8 touchdowns
All others: 18 catches, 184 yards, 1 TD
Pitt opens the season against Bo Pelini's Youngstown State before traveling to Akron and Iowa, two teams that toppled the Panthers in Pittsburgh last year.
Vin Diesel Drops Details On The Next Riddick Movie, Get Them Here By Sean O'Connell Random Article Blend The Last Witch Hunter proved that his fans prefer watching him in sequels. He has Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. He's working on the third
Diesel hosted an impromptu live chat on Pitch Black and The Chronicles of Riddick director David Twohy, where they were mapping out the fourth story in this ongoing saga. During the nearly 10-minute video tease, Diesel dropped a few interesting tidbits about the movie, starting with its title. Here's Vin: Are you guys excited to hear about Furia? Do you want to know where it all began with that dark character Riddick? … I dunno if ‘Furia' is rated R, it might be a little more expansive in its mythology.
I love that Furia will dive into the origin of his sci-fi anti-hero. Twohy repeats "the origin story" again and again in the video. And then Diesel explains why he couldn't do Riddick recently. He just has a child, and he says in the video that every time be becomes "a fresh dad," he struggles to go to the dark place necessary for him to become Riddick. But now, he seems ready. And he teases that they could begin filming the next Riddick movie in early 2017.
In truth, I'd forgotten that a third Riddick movie, titled Riddick, was released in 2013. That being said, it was a hit, earning $100 million against its $40 million budget. As I said, Vin Diesel's fans like him in familiar franchises. If this is going to be an origin story, I'm not sure how the 48-year-old action star factors in. Especially if they can't start FILMING Furia until the actor is pushing 50. Still, where there's a Vin, there's a way.
Watch the full video for a blast of unfiltered Pacifier 2. So yeah, kind of crazy.
Posted by Vin Diesel on Tuesday, December 15, 2015
Look for Vin Diesel in Ang Lee's Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk in 2016. Vin Diesel loves making sequel. Which is good, because box office forproved that his fans prefer watching him in sequels. He has Fast 8 in the pipeline. He'll voice Groot again in. He's working on the third xXx movie . And he just dropped the news on social media that yet another Riddick film will hit theaters somewhere down the road.Diesel hosted an impromptu live chat on his Facebook page , where he revealed to fans that he was in a meeting withanddirector David Twohy, where they were mapping out the fourth story in this ongoing saga. During the nearly 10-minute video tease, Diesel dropped a few interesting tidbits about the movie, starting with its title. Here's Vin:I love that Vin Diesel calls his Facebook followers his "angels." OK, so, by the sound of it,will dive into the origin of his sci-fi anti-hero. Twohy repeats "the origin story" again and again in the video. And then Diesel explains why he couldn't do Riddick recently. He just has a child, and he says in the video that every time be becomes "a fresh dad," he struggles to go to the dark place necessary for him to become Riddick. But now, he seems ready. And he teases that they could begin filming the next Riddick movie in early 2017.In truth, I'd forgotten that a third Riddick movie, titled, was released in 2013. That being said, it was a hit, earning $100 million against its $40 million budget. As I said, Vin Diesel's fans like him in familiar franchises. If this is going to be an origin story, I'm not sure how the 48-year-old action star factors in. Especially if they can't start FILMINGuntil the actor is pushing 50. Still, where there's a Vin, there's a way.Watch the full video for a blast of unfiltered Diesel . In it, he also teases a. So yeah, kind of crazy.Look for Vin Diesel in Ang Lee'sin 2016. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
CLEVELAND—With draft day fast approaching, Cleveland Cavaliers general manager David Griffin told reporters Monday that he believes prospective number-one pick Joel Embiid is the perfect player to build a medical team around. “When I look at Joel, I see a basketball player who has exactly what we need to take our medical team to the next level,” said Griffin, emphasizing that Embiid represents a core around which Cleveland can bring together a skilled group of doctors, surgeons, and physical therapists. “He's the nucleus. When you've got an athlete like that, you put your medical personnel in place to do great things. Sure, [2013 draft pick] Anthony Bennett led to us getting an expert orthopedist, but having Joel on our roster will allow us to put in place a solid team of medical professionals who will thrive here for years to come.” Griffin added that, provided both Embiid and his physicians perform as expected this season, the Cavaliers will be in the perfect position to once again secure the number-one overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft.
Advertisement
Grandma to Offer Chicken as Vegan Option
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Local grandmother Dolores McComb is offering chicken as the “cruelty-free” option for tonight's homemade meal, according to sources dreading the dinner.
McComb has reportedly been hypersensitive to providing meat alternatives for family dinners ever since her grandson, Mike Hillard, adopted a vegan lifestyle 15 years ago.
“I suppose it all started one Fourth of July when he said he found some ‘hard things' in his hamburger,” McComb said while seasoning the chicken. “I tried to explain to him that that's life — sometimes the hard parts end up being the best parts. But, he'd already made up his mind.”
McComb even shopped at a local farmer's market instead of her usual grocer, The Beef Barn.
“I had the oddest experience,” McComb said. “I went to this hippy-dippy market to pick out my chicken and watch the slaughter, just so I know it didn't suffer… but all the meat was already prepackaged. I did learn that the chicken I bought was named Sandy, and that a little girl on the farm grew really close to the bird before it was slaughtered. She was very loved.”
A recent study confirmed that most elderly people consider chicken, fish and cured meats viable vegan options.
Related:
“There seems a direct link between not living near a coast and not knowing what constitutes as an animal product,” said Dr. Lisa Carroll, the head researcher of the three-month study. “The landlocked elderly are most likely to serve you a vegan meal including skin or fur, and to struggle to comprehend why anyone would avoid cheese.”
Knowing McComb is trying her best to accommodate his diet, Hillard admitted he's been shoving meat-filled napkins into his pockets for years to spare her feelings.
“Every time I see her, she gives me these little handwritten recipes for veal marsala or turkey chili,” Hillard said. “I don't even put honey in my rooibos tea, and she expects me to eat a dead baby cow soaked in a marsala wine reduction? I'm just glad her dog isn't around anymore. He ripped so many holes in my pants trying to get at the meat.”
Visit our online merch table:
Article by Dom Turek @dom_and_dahmer.
Editor's note: Jonathan Mann profiles Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo in a special show on CNN International and on CNN.com. "Prize for Peace: Nobel 2010": Friday 1700 CET, 2000 Abu Dhabi; Sat: 0000 HK
Oslo, Norway (CNN) -- An empty chair stood in for imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo as he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in absentia on Friday amid protests and condemnation from China.
China has responded furiously since the Nobel committee announced on October 8 that Liu would be its peace prize winner. Officials have repeatedly called Liu a common criminal and declared the award a Western plot against China.
The rhetoric continued Friday with China calling the awarding of the prize to Liu a "political farce."
"The decision of the Norwegian Nobel Committee does not represent the wish of the majority of the people in the world, particularly that of the developing countries," said Jiang Yu, a Chinese Foreign Ministry official.
Liu, a professor of literature, is serving an 11-year sentence in a Chinese prison for what the government called "inciting subversion of state power." He was not allowed to travel to Norway to accept the prize, nor was his wife, Liu Xia.
Nobel committee chairman Thorbjorn Jagland, in awarding the prize Friday, likened Liu Xiaobo to Nelson Mandela, the former South African president who fought the apartheid regime.
After announcing the award, Jagland placed Liu's medal in the empty chair, the second time such a symbol has been used in the event.
Before the ceremony, some Twitter users who listed their location as Beijing had changed their profile pictures to an empty chair.
In his speech, Jagland commended China for lifting millions out of poverty, but said democracy and free speech must go hand in hand with its economic development.
"China, too, will grow stronger if its people are granted civil rights," Jagland said.
While Chinese officials have said the prize represents a Western perspective, human rights activists in China "represent the world's common values and standards," Jagland said.
He added that Liu has done nothing wrong and "must be released."
U.S. President Barack Obama also called for Liu's immediate release.
"Mr. Liu reminds us that human dignity also depends upon the advance of democracy, open society, and the rule of law," Obama said in a statement. "The values he espouses are universal, his struggle is peaceful, and he should be released as soon as possible."
As the awards ceremony was getting under way, a large number of officers stood guard outside the west central Beijing apartment complex where Liu's wife has been under house arrest since her husband's award was announced. Journalists were cordoned off in a small area next to the building.
The police presence outside the Norwegian Embassy in Beijing had also increased early Friday as groups of protesters gathered there and at the city's U.N. offices.
Jagland said Thursday that the award is not a protest.
"It is a signal to China that it would be very important for China's future to combine economic development with political reforms and it is support for those people in China who are struggling for basic human rights," Jagland told reporters.
Beijing also put pressure on its allies and other countries not to attend the peace prize ceremony, and it hastily announced its own honor -- the Confucius Peace Prize, which was awarded Thursday to former Taiwanese Vice President Lien Chan. That award was accepted by a 6-year-old girl on Lien's behalf. Lien did not know about the prize, his office said.
Amnesty International said it had received reports from "reliable sources" that Chinese diplomats in Norway have been pressuring Chinese residents into joining anti-Nobel demonstrations.
On Thursday, the U.N.'s human rights chief called for Liu's release from prison and criticized what she said were "recent restrictions placed on an ever-widening circle" of the dissident's associates.
"In recent weeks, my office has received reports of at least 20 activists being arrested or detained and more than 120 other cases of house arrest, travel restrictions, forced relocations and other acts of intimidation," U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay told reporters.
Jagland said the committee expected a "harsh reaction" from Beijing.
But "we are very glad to see that two-thirds of the nations that have embassies in Oslo will be attending the ceremony, and most of them are very big, very important countries," he added.
Among those attending was U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who was part of the official delegation on behalf of Liu and his wife.
Of the 19 countries that declined to come to Friday's ceremony -- including China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Iraq and Iran -- Jagland said Thursday that two had reconsidered: Ukraine and the Philippines.
But the state-run China Daily newspaper reported Friday that "most nations" had expressed their support for China's stance, citing a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman.
The spokeswoman, Jiang Yu, said the award would not change the fact that "Liu committed crimes."
Friday's ceremony included songs by a children's choir -- a special request made by Liu through his wife, according to Lundestad. And Norwegian actress Liv Ullmann was on hand to read one of Liu's "most interesting and beautiful texts," Jagland said.
Jagland predicted that keeping Liu, 54, in prison for the entirety of his 11-year sentence may prove impossible after the prize was awarded.
"The pressure from the outside world will be on China to release him. In today's world, it is totally impossible to close a country. We already know that a lot of Chinese know about the prize, and this is creating a huge pressure on China," Jagland said.
Several foreign news websites -- including CNN and BBC -- were blocked in mainland China Thursday and Friday.
Broadcasts of CNN International were blacked out intermittently, when news of the peace prize was reported. CNN reports about China's new Confucius Peace Prize were not blocked.
Internet companies in China are treating Chinese characters for "Liu Xiaobo," "Nobel," and peace prize as "sensitive words," said Jeremy Goldkorn, editor of Danwei.org -- a website about Chinese media and Internet. Acting on government instructions, the companies are deleting text containing those words, preventing such text from being uploaded, or returning no results on searches for the words, he said.
"I think the main aim is to reduce the chances of Chinese citizens seeing that the Liu Xiaobo Nobel Prize is big news internationally, and to make it more difficult for articles sympathetic to Liu Xiaobo and photos of him to be copied and circulated inside China," Goldkorn said.
The last time an empty chair was used to represent an absent winner was when German peace activist Carl von Ossietzky won the 1935 award, according to Geir Lundestad, director of the Nobel Institute. Ossietzky was under "protective custody" in Nazi Germany and could not come to accept the award in person, nor was he represented by anyone.
Three other Nobel peace laureates were also unable to attend their ceremonies for political reasons -- human rights activist Aung San Suu Kyi, Polish trade union leader Lech Walesa, and Russian Cold War dissident Andrei Sakharov -- but spouses or other relatives accepted the awards on their behalf.
CNN's Jaime FlorCruz, Jo Ling Kent, Stan Grant and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.
iMore has partnered with Spigen this week for a fantastic iPhone SE and case giveaway!
What's better than one winner? Why two winners, of course! And this time each winner will take home an iPhone SE plus a bundle of new cases from Spigen.
Spigen already has several cases designed for iPhone SE in a variety ranging from simple snap ons to a handy wallet case. They also have a brand-new program which gives you the opportunity to test out a new case in exchange for an honest review. It's called the Super5tar Review Program and, if you're interested in joining, you can fill out a quick application for consideration.
The contest
The Prize: Two super-lucky iMore readers will take home a brand new iPhone SE and a bundle of Spigen cases for their new phone!
How to Enter: Head down to the widget at the bottom of this page. There are multiple ways to enter, each with varying point values. Complete all of the tasks for maximum entries and your best shot at winning! The giveaway is open until April 25th and winners will be announced on right here on iMore shortly after the close date.
Please note that service is not included with the phone.
Good luck everybody!
Enter here for a shot at winning one of two iPhone SE and Spigen case bundles!
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
Product Synopsis
Global Motor Vehicle Part Market to 2017 - Market Size, Growth, Forecasts and Leading Companies in Over 60 Countries is a comprehensive publication that enables readers the critical perspectives to be able to evaluate the world market for motor vehicle parts. The publication provides the market size, growth, forecasts and leading companies at the global level as well as for the following countries:
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belgium
Bolivia
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Ecuador
Estonia
Ethiopia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Macedonia
Malaysia
Mexico
Moldova
Morocco
Netherlands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Tanzania
Thailand
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United States
Vietnam
The market data covers the years 2006-2017. The major questions answered in this comprehensive publication include:
What is the global market size for motor vehicle parts?
What is the motor vehicle part market size in over 60 different countries?
Are the markets growing or decreasing?
How are the markets divided into different kinds of products?
How are different product groups developing?
How are the markets forecast to develop in the future?
Which are the leading companies in the market?
The market information includes the total market size for motor vehicle parts as well as the market size and trends for the following kinds of products:
Axles
Brakes and servo-brakes
Bumpers
Clutches
Gear boxes
Parts for diesel and semi-diesel engines
Parts for spark-ignition engines
Radiators
Seat belts
Shock-absorbers
Silencers and exhaust pipes
Steering wheels
steering columns and steering boxes
Wheels
Other motor vehicle parts
The publication includes details for nearly 20,000 motor vehicle part producers in the world. The details include company names, contact details, executives, financial information and number of employees which helps to find out the market leaders and identify the competitive landscape of the global motor vehicle part market. Some of the companies mentioned in the publication include:
ABB Automation Technologies AB
Adolf Wurth GmbH & Co KG
AEES
Inc.
Affinia Group Holdings Inc.
AISIN SEIKI CO.
LTD.
ASMO CO.
LTD
Audi Synko GmbH
Autoliv Inc.
Behr GmbH & Co KG
Benteler AG
BorgWarner Inc.
Bosch Limited
Brose Fahrzeugteile GmbH & Co KG
Burelle SA
CALSONIC KANSEI CORPORATION
Chigo Holding Limited
Chongqing Machinery & Electric Co Ltd
CIE Automotive SA
Continental AG
Continental Chassis & Safety Division
Continental Powertrain Division
Cooper-Standard Automotive Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Delphi Automotive PLC
Delphi Thermal Systems
Denso Corporation
Dimitrovgrad Automobile Components Plant Joint Stock Company
Donaldson Company
Inc.
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG
Dun'an Group Co.
Ltd.
Dura Automotive Systems
Inc.
EXEDY Corporation
Faurecia SA
Federal-Mogul Corp
Fiat Powertrain Technologies S.p.A.
Flex N Gate Corp
Freudenberg & Co KG (Parent)
GEA Rainey Corporation
General Motors do Brasil Ltda.
Gestamp Automacion S.A.
GETRAG Getriebe- und Zahnradfabrik Hermann Hagenmeyer GmbH & Cie KG
GKN plc
GM Powertrain Group
Gree Electric Appliances (Chongqing) Co.
Ltd.
Grupo Condumex
S. A. de C. V.
Guangdong Galanz Group Co Ltd
Hella Kgaa Hueck & Co
International Automotive Components Group
LLC
Johnson Controls Inc
Key Safety Systems
Inc.
Knorr - Bremse AG
KOITO MANUFACTURING CO.
LTD.
Kongsberg Automotive Holding ASA
KSPG AG
Lear Corporation
Linamar Corporation
Magna Exteriors & Interiors
Magna International México
MAHLE International GmbH
Mahle Metal Leve SA
Martinrea International Inc.
Miraco Carrier Sae
MITSUBA Corporation
NGK SPARK PLUG CO.
LTD.
NHK SPRING CO.
LTD.
NM Holdings Company LLC
NSK Ltd.
Perodua Engine Manufacturing Sdn Bhd
Rheinmetall AG
Robert Bosch
Samvardhana Motherson International Ltd
SANDEN CORPORATION
SHOWA CORPORATION
Stanley Electric Co.
Ltd.
Sumitomo Electric Industries
Ltd.
Sumitomo Electric Wiring Systems (Europe) Ltd.
Superior Industries International Kansas
LLC
Takata Corporation
Telma Retarder Division
Tenedora Nemak SA
Tenneco Inc
ThyssenKrupp
Ti Automotive
TOKAI RIKA CO.
LTD.
TOYOTA BOSHOKU CORPORATION
TRW Automotive GmbH
TS Tech Co Ltd
Uzavtosanoat Joint Stock Company
WABCO Holdings Inc.
Vaillant GmbH
Valeo SA
Wanxiang Qianchao Co.
Ltd.
Weichai Power Co.
Ltd.
Venture Industries Corp.
Visteon Corp
Volvo Car Components Corporation
Wuling Motors Holdings Ltd
ZF Friedrichshafen AG
ZF Lenksysteme GmbH and many more.
The publication is designed for companies who want to gain a comprehensive perspective on the global motor vehicle part market. This publication makes it easy to compare across different countries and product groups to be able to find new market opportunities and make more profitable business decisions.
Here's Why Peter Jackson Can't Make More Tolkien Adaptations (Even If He Wanted To) By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
Ever since the release of the Lord of the Rings trilogy, a conflict has brewed between the author's estate and Warner Bros., New Line, and Jackson, both over the creative content of the movie and the financial distribution. Years and years of dispute suggest that the future of Middle-earth movies is bleak.
Like many quarrels in Hollywood, the Tolkien/Warner Bros. spat can be narrowed down to an argument about money. Part of the author's estate's contract with the film studio said that a percentage of the profits from any adaptation of Tolkien's work would go back to them, and it became a bit of a controversy following the release of The Lord of The Rings trilogy. The three movies made a
This isn't an entirely rare thing in Hollywood. In 2010,
In early 2008, the Tolkiens took Warner Bros. to court over the 7.5% that they believed that they were due, but the two sides settled out of court in
The feud between the estate and the studio grew hotter in July 2012, and the future of the Middle-earth franchise beyond The Hobbit trilogy received what could easily be conceived as a death blow. Christopher Tolkien, the son of J.R.R. Tolkien and the editor his father's posthumously published work The Silmarillion, did an interview with Le Monde and had nothing nice to say about Peter Jackson's adaptations of the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Asked about meeting with the director, Tolkien told the interviewer:
"They gutted the book, making an action movie for 15-25 year olds. And it seems that The Hobbit will be of the same ilk. Tolkien became...devoured by his popularity and absorbed by the absurdity of the time. The gap widened between the beauty, the seriousness of the work, and what it has become is beyond me. This level of marketing reduces to nothing the aesthetic and philosophical significance of this work."
As you might imagine, that quote got back to the filmmaker. Later that month, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey was part of the Warner Bros. panel at San Diego Comic-Con and Jackson and many members of the cast were in attendance. During the question and answer portion of the presentation, Jackson was asked by a fan if there was any chance he would direct an adaptation of The Silmarillion after the end of the Hobbit movies, and the director quickly shut the idea down. He
"I don't think the Tolkien estate liked those films. I don't think The Silmarillion will go anywhere for quite a long time."
The Silmarillion is a book that was published after Tolkien's death and is a collection of all the author's works and narratives that tie together to create the history of Middle-earth and the world found in both The Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Unlike those books, however, the rights to The Silmarillion still belong to the Tolkien estate. If the estate and the studio were to ever make peace, the movie could happen, but it doesn't look like that's really a possibility.
Despite the fact that The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug is in theaters now, the most recent cause for dispute between the Tolkiens and Warner Bros. hasn't actually been about movies. Instead it's been about that other great Hollywood profit avenue: merchandising. In
The case took an odd turn in
The Tolkien estate and Warner Bros. have been fighting for so long now that it's hard to imagine that they could reconcile their differences to allow future Middle-earth movies. Until then, we'll just have to enjoy the ones we've gotten. This past weekend Peter Jackson's The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug absolutely destroyed at the domestic box office, earning an impressive $73 million in its opening. The great success continues a long-established trend of Middle-earth movies doing well in theaters, and it has caused many to begin thinking about the future. Next year will bring The Hobbit: There And Back Again to cinemas everywhere and seemingly end J.R.R. Tolkien's time on the big screen, but is there any way we could see more after that? The sad reality is that chances are slim.Ever since the release of the Lord of the Rings trilogy, a conflict has brewed between the author's estate and Warner Bros., New Line, and Jackson, both over the creative content of the movie and the financial distribution. Years and years of dispute suggest that the future of Middle-earth movies is bleak.Like many quarrels in Hollywood, the Tolkien/Warner Bros. spat can be narrowed down to an argument about money. Part of the author's estate's contract with the film studio said that a percentage of the profits from any adaptation of Tolkien's work would go back to them, and it became a bit of a controversy following the release of The Lord of The Rings trilogy. The three movies made a reported $2.9 billion at the global box office, but when those box office totals were combined with project's expenses, the studio claimed that the movie didn't make a profit – thus reportedly shortchanging the Tolkien estate. In an interview with Le Monde back in 2012, Tolkien Estate lawyer Cathleen Blackburn recounted, "These hugely popular films apparently did not make any profit! We were receiving statements saying that the producers did not owe the Tolkien Estate a dime."This isn't an entirely rare thing in Hollywood. In 2010, a net profit statement for Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (another Warner Bros. film) was leaked and reported that despite the movie's $934 million box office take, the studio actually lost $167 million when the final calculations were made.In early 2008, the Tolkiens took Warner Bros. to court over the 7.5% that they believed that they were due, but the two sides settled out of court in September 2009 The feud between the estate and the studio grew hotter in July 2012, and the future of the Middle-earth franchise beyond The Hobbit trilogy received what could easily be conceived as a death blow. Christopher Tolkien, the son of J.R.R. Tolkien and the editor his father's posthumously published work The Silmarillion, did an interview with Le Monde and had nothing nice to say about Peter Jackson's adaptations of the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Asked about meeting with the director, Tolkien told the interviewer:As you might imagine, that quote got back to the filmmaker. Later that month, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey was part of the Warner Bros. panel at San Diego Comic-Con and Jackson and many members of the cast were in attendance. During the question and answer portion of the presentation, Jackson was asked by a fan if there was any chance he would direct an adaptation of The Silmarillion after the end of the Hobbit movies, and the director quickly shut the idea down. He explained The Silmarillion is a book that was published after Tolkien's death and is a collection of all the author's works and narratives that tie together to create the history of Middle-earth and the world found in both The Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Unlike those books, however, the rights to The Silmarillion still belong to the Tolkien estate. If the estate and the studio were to ever make peace, the movie could happen, but it doesn't look like that's really a possibility.Despite the fact that The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug is in theaters now, the most recent cause for dispute between the Tolkiens and Warner Bros. hasn't actually been about movies. Instead it's been about that other great Hollywood profit avenue: merchandising. In November 2012 the estate filed an $80 million lawsuit against Warner Bros., its New Line subsidiary and Lord of the Rings/Hobbit rights holder Saul Zaentz Co. claiming that the studio's creation of an online slot machine violated their agreement to create only tangible – not digital – merchandise based on the books.The case took an odd turn in March 2013 when Warner Bros. actually countersued the Tolkien estate, claiming that the previous lawsuit caused them to "miss out on millions of dollars of licensing opportunities." The Tolkien estate tried to get a judge to dismiss the claims, saying that it was just a distraction technique to hide the original lawsuit, but then in July the complaint was thrown out and the case has been allowed to continue.The Tolkien estate and Warner Bros. have been fighting for so long now that it's hard to imagine that they could reconcile their differences to allow future Middle-earth movies. Until then, we'll just have to enjoy the ones we've gotten. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Hello readers! I've got a lovely weekend treat for you guys in the form of the undead! These aren't just your regular run of the mill zombies though. RevenantFX specializes in creating some of the creepiest lawn gnomes you'll ever set eyes on. Every one of these bad boys are 100% handmade and totally badass.
Each of these mythical walking corpses are sculpted meticulously in water/oil clay and cast in rock solid premium grade gypsum cement. Then hand-painted to bring out all of their ghoulish detail (and to ensure that no two are exactly the same). Lastly, they are each coated in a high gloss outdoor sealer to prevent any further decay and to help these carnivorous cadavers withstand the elements in their continuous hunt for human flesh.
If you'd like to see more or even own one of these nasty little guys head over to their Etsy shop and Facebook page and have a look around.
Enjoy!
Flight-distance record awaits as big 777 heads to London
ABOARD BOEING 002 -- Boeing's 777-200LR jetliner lifted off from Hong Kong's International Airport two minutes early Wednesday headed toward London, 13,423 miles, 22 hours, 22 minutes and a world record for commercial flight away.
With Boeing chief test pilot Suzanna Darcy-Henneman in the command seat, the big jet lifted off Runway 07R at 10:28 p.m., turning south across the Pacific Ocean -- a route calculated just three hours before flight time to catch the best tail winds for what is to become the longest flight ever by a commercial jetliner.
The flight should shatter the existing distance record for a commercial jet -- known as the Great Circle Distance Without Landing -- of 12,455 miles.
Loaded with 360,732 pounds of fuel and just 35 passengers -- pilots, Boeing engineers and an international assortment of journalists, all of whom had been carefully weighed with their luggage -- the big jet burned 700 pounds of fuel in less than three minutes of taxi time.
And after 40 seconds of acceleration, the huge 777-200LR was airborne with wheels up.
The unusual route -- planes traveling from Hong Kong to London usually fly a great circle route farther north -- confused even the onboard entertainment computers on the flight.
The entertainment system, familiar to passengers on many long flights to show progress of the plane, kept veering off at a right angle trying to show the plane on the shortest route to London.
But the aim of this flight is distance -- a demonstration of the latest Boeing jetliner, designed for the longest flights between international cities, which is still in flight testing.
So the flight turned toward Midway Island, a map point at 35 degrees north, 180 degrees west. Then over Los Angeles, New York and finally London.
Jet streams along the way will buffet the flight with headwinds at times. But on average the route is expected to give the jet a tail wind boost that averages 71 knots.
And that, the crew calculated, would leave the big jet a reserve of 90 minutes of fuel on its scheduled arrival at Heathrow Airport just outside London.
Captain Asif Reza, chief of flight operations for Pakistan International Airlines, will be in command on arrival in London.
Boeing's director of flight crew operations, John Cashman, will be the co-pilot for the landing.
And Boeing hopes to have a world record that won't be broken for a very long time.
Designed with the ultimate adventurer in mind, The Survivalist is one companion you don't want to be without on your next adventure.
Be it freezing cold or thunderous rain, this Essencia® Tactical military & hunting jacket will keep you warm, 100% dry & comfortable.
✓ 100% Windproof & Waterproof, Breathable.
✓ Perfect for Hunting, Mountaineering, Hiking, Camping, Backpacking.
✓ Three Layers of Composite Material. Plenty of Pockets, Hood & a Zipper. Quiet construction for silent movement. Machine washable.
✓ Available In Stylish Camouflage & Tactical Plain colors.
✓ Free USPS & Canada Post Shipping. Easy 7 Day Return / Exchange Guarantee.
Watch us put The Survivalist to the test in this video:
Pocket & Hood Details
2 Big High Chest Pockets.
2 Zipper back pockets for large items like a map, gloves, flashlight etc.
2 Sleeve pockets with a hole passing through it for storing cell phone / powerbank.
2 Velcro patch panels, for putting on your favorite badges.
1 Forearm pocket on the left arm for keys or similar small accessories.
2 Underarm zip vents that make the jacket breathable and super comfortable.
Hood: Roll up hood with two position ties down.
Size Chart: Please tap on the "Size Chart" tab by scrolling above to see the sizing chart. All sizes are US / American sizes.
Technical Specifications
Material: 3 Layer 8000 gm/sqm DNTEX, High Grade Cotton & Polyester
Waterproof: Yes
Windproof: Yes
﻿Quiet / Silent Construction: ﻿Yes
You can also order The Survivalist Ultimate Set if you want matching pants along with this awesome jacket at a special price as pictured below:
Free Returns / Exchange: Don't worry! If the size doesn't fit you or you wish to return / exchange your item you can return it to us within 7 days from the date of delivery. Just contact us and we'll process your return / refund / exchange quickly.
The cult subgenre grew out of a combination of economic necessity and a public appetite for the glamour of Hollywood action and sci-fi. In the early Seventies Turkey was one of the largest film producers in the world but there was also a vast demand for American movies. These tended to be restricted to urban cinemas as the costs involved in screening major imported pictures in rural areas could be prohibitive: it was often cheaper for production companies to make a local version of the latest US hit. Some Turksploitation films used familiar characters in settings adapted for local audiences: Süpermen Dönüyor has a hero who often prefers to walk or run rather than fly, for reasons entirely related to cost. Yarasa Adam ("Betmen") is a Batman shot in grainy black and white which features an Austin 1100 “Batmobile”.
By the Eighties filmgoers were treated to Vahsi Kan, better known as Turkish First Blood, a thrilling drama concerned with war veteran Kan Rambo, who likes nothing better than to engage various evil-bearded types in under cranked fights sequences
Many enthusiasts claim that Dunyayi Kurtaran Adam (A Man Called Adam or The Man Who Saved the World), a long-lost 35mm print of which was recently unearthed, is the finest entry in this genre, thanks to the way in which it combines spacemen in crash helmets and homemade costumes with an unauthorised use of Star Wars footage, plus music from Flash Gordon, Moonraker and Raiders of the Lost Ark. Others prefer Seytan, a unique version of The Exorcist starring a papier-mâché demon. But possibly the best known of all Turksploitation films is Ömer the Tourist in Star Trek.
A Senate panel on Thursday panned a proposal from the White House to cut funding for airport security programs and hike passenger security fees tacked onto airline tickets.
In his fiscal 2018 budget request released this week, President Trump called for raising the Transportation Security Administration's (TSA) airline passenger security fee from $5.60 to $6.60 for each connecting flight.
The administration said the dollar increase would generate an extra $530 million, which would be funneled toward beefing up aviation security.
But Sen. John Boozman John Nichols BoozmanGOP senators read Pence riot act before shutdown votes On The Money: Shutdown Day 26 | Pelosi calls on Trump to delay State of the Union | Cites 'security concerns' | DHS chief says they can handle security | Waters lays out agenda | Senate rejects effort to block Trump on Russia sanctions Senate rejects effort to block Trump on Russia sanctions MORE (R-Ark.), chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on homeland security, said at a hearing on Thursday that the idea “fails to take into consideration many practical realities.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The airlines have long urged lawmakers to avoid raising ticket fees, which they say would discourage travel and place an added burden on passengers.
Congress doubled the fee in 2014, and a portion of the revenue collected from the fee is diverted to other parts of the budget not related to airport security.
"There is no justification for asking airline customers to pay more, particularly while our government is diverting billions of dollars in security fees away from TSA checkpoints," said Airlines for America, the leading trade group representing most of the nation's major airlines.
"Tax increases are not the answer, and will only serve to drive up the cost of flying for millions of Americans who rely on air travel, cost jobs, limit service options to small and medium communities and ultimately harm the U.S economy."
Sen. Jon Tester Jonathan (Jon) TesterOvernight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal How the border deal came together MORE (D-Mont.), ranking member on the panel, took issue with Trump's spending blueprint for slashing a number of the TSA's airport security programs that were implemented in the wake of the 9/11 terrorists attacks.
"I am concerned about what is missing in this budget when it comes to other priorities, like aviation security," Tester said. "The threat to aviation is very high — we've had classified briefings on this, in fact — but we also see budget cuts to several TSA security programs."
The budget would reduce the Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response teams from 31 to eight. These "VIPR" teams sweep transit hubs, often using bomb-sniffing dogs, and are designed to serve as a visible security presence around airports, train stations and ports.
Lawmakers increased the number of VIPR teams in an aviation bill last year to enhance aviation security following the deadly bombing of an airport in Brussels.
But the Trump administration has said the program "achieves few Federal law enforcement priorities."
The proposal would also reduce TSA staff at airport exit lanes by 1,794 officers. The exit lanes don't have screening checkpoints but have officers present to ensure that people don't walk into the gate areas.
And a TSA grant program that provides money for state and local law enforcement to patrol airports would be completely eliminated under the White House budget, saving around $45 million.
"I'm very concerned," said Sen. Jeanne Shaheen Cynthia (Jeanne) Jeanne ShaheenCongress must step up to protect Medicare home health care Dems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants Bipartisan Senators reintroduce legislation to slap new sanctions on Russia MORE (D-N.H.). "I was governor on 9/11, and I can tell you that the support we got from the federal government to help us to be better prepared to fight terrorist attacks was absolutely significant, and we could not have replaced that in another way."
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – A Pulaski Township man was arrested Sunday after allegedly drove drunk right into a local bar.
Police say 36-year-old Gordon Milligan hit Wooley Bulley's Bar in New Brighton.
Patrons inside the bar say the whole building shook when he hit it, but damage to the bar appears to minimal.
The bar owner says he ran after Milligan after he hit the building, and when he did, Milligan asked him for a drink.
The owner then tried to keep Milligan from driving away while he waited for police to arrive.
However, Milligan reportedly drove off and crashed again into a fence while driving toward New Brighton High School.
Milligan was later found in the wrecked pickup truck and arrested on multiple charges.
Police say while in the patrol car, Milligan began kicking the rear window and when they tried to stop him, he kicked an officer in the chest.
He is currently in the Beaver County Jail on $15,000 bond.
WE LEARNED A lot from the scrums on Saturday, but unfortunately we couldn't get much of an answer for the biggest question of them all.
Michael Bent replaced Mike Ross at tighthead for the final 20 or so minutes, and while Ireland's control of the setpiece continued, the logistics of camerawork at the Millennium Stadium meant we couldn't get a true gauge of where he is in the position.
Don't worry though, we'll be taking a close examination of the Leinster prop closer to the time of the squad announcement, his lack of gametime at tighthead over the last 12 months would suggest Joe Schmidt is eager to see more of him there in the coming weeks.
There were things we already knew that we had reaffirmed; Mike Ross looked effortless in his control of Nicky Smith, while Jack McGrath put in a performance to reassure us, given the question marks over Cian Healy's fitness.
The biggest thing we learned though, was the effectiveness of the eight-man shove on defensive scrums.
While the scrum numbers looked ok for Wales – they won five of their six scrums – Ireland limited their clean ball, and it was the scrum that directly contributed to two of the five tries Joe Schmidt's side scored on the day.
Establishing control
After two quick in-and-outs, the third scrum yielded the first penalty for Ireland, and Jack McGrath was the man to take the plaudits.
It started with a great body position and long bind (note now stretched Aaron Jarvis' jersey is. Modern jerseys are becoming far too difficult to bind to), while Jarvis' positioning is poor.
His hips and shoulders aren't square, meaning he engaged at an angle. While often times it's the loosehead who bores in, we can see that McGrath is driving parallel to both Rory Best and Mike Ross, with Jarvis turning in even before the ball is fed.
By engaging crooked, Jarvis' angle only becomes more pronounced once the ball is fed and the drive starts.
In the circle, we can see how he then drops his bind onto the arm of McGrath, pulling him inside, and referee Glen Jackson (who handled the scrum very well on the day) had no hesitation awarding Ireland the penalty.
The game's next scrum laid the platform for Darren Cave's burst over the tryline, and he owes a debt of gratitude to Welsh loosehead Nicky Smith, whose attempts to con the referee backfired immensely, as well as fullback Hallam Amos, whose positioning was a disaster.
For a reference point, we'll look at how they lined up, square and straight, and practically symmetrical.
But once Reddan feeds, Smith begins to angle across the body of Mike Ross, coming in under his chest and driving upwards.
However, as we can see below, Ross does exceptionally well to keep his hips pointing forward, to prevent himself caving in and collapsing.
With Ross holding his position and Jack McGrath driving the scrum forward, the scrum, the crooked push from Nicky Smith causes it to rotate further, as well as moving it infield and putting Mike Phillips on the back foot.
The moment Reddan gets ready to pass, all three Welsh backrows are now out of the game, and Cave burrows into the space excellently.
But it's also important to note the poor positioning of Hallam Amos. Anticipating Ireland would attack to blindside, he initially moved into the channel, but with the backrow unable to defend the space between the scrum and the goalposts, Amos needed to move inside earlier to fill the gap.
Amos doesn't move in soon enough, and instead sprints across once Reddan passes out. With Cave coming back across him, Amos couldn't react on time, and ended up missing the tackle.
The next scrum followed a similar pattern, with Smith boring on Ross, who showed all of his experience to hold position and win the penalty.
As usual, here's the initial set-up, to give a perspective on how far Smith angles in.
But when Smith begins to drive, he drives perpendicular to Ross, who has disciplined himself to avoid following looseheads when the angle across him, risking collapsing. Glen Jackson isn't fooled, and Ireland win the penalty.
The importance of 8
While the front row controlled the game on Ireland's feed, the most impressive facet of Ireland's scrummaging was on the Welsh feed.
Driven on superbly by Jamie Heaslip, Ireland's scrum worked as a collective in defense, while the Welsh scrum continually acted on their own.
The scrum in the build up to Keith Earls' try was a typical example; while Wales got the ball in and out, it wasn't clean, with the front row popping up, and moving backwards.
When we look at Ireland as they drive, we can see the reason they appeared so more powerful than the Welsh. All eight are driving with straight backs, in the same direction and at the same height. In contrast, the Welsh are at sixes and sevens. Nicky Smith is popping up, and Justin Tipuric is loosely bound, and so much higher than his corresponding flanker Tommy O'Donnell.
The importance of the eight-man drive was heightened in the second half.
With Wales down to seven in the pack, Ireland made their numbers count, again driving straight and in unison, the Welsh front-row standing up to avoid going backwards.
However, there's more to an eight-man shove than everyone driving as hard as they can. Communication is key.
When the scrum engages, you can clearly here the Irish pack shouting “Hit, 2 3 4…” with the front row then communicating to the rest of the pack when to begin driving together, by calling “Ready… Ready… And now!”, with all eight forwards moving together on the call.
The other important part of these defensive scrums is the position of Jamie Heaslip at number 8. As we can see in the pictures above, much of Ireland's power is coming from the back of the scrum, with the captain low, fully bound and driving straight through the scrum.
Compare this with his Welsh counterpart Dan Baker, who spent the majority of defensive scrums while he was on the pitch contributing nothing to the drive, lying into the pack, looking out over the top, trying to anticipate the Irish movement.
While it's common – and probably sensible – for the number 8 to do this close to his own line, Baker was also doing this further out the field when providing a strong push should have been far more important.
In the below scrum, which took place inside the Irish half, Baker's priority should have been to push, rather than watch Heaslip, and it was a scrum Ireland comfortably won a penalty from.
The cavalry arrive
Unfortunately, while Michael Bent was present for the final five scrums, being at the far side of the scrum, we couldn't get a proper gauge on his performance.
Dave Kilcoyne came on at the same point, with a penalty at the final scrum of the day blotting his copybook.
His first action was to win a penalty though, taking advatnage of Scott Andrews' poor positioning.
We can see how Andrews makes the first move by turning his hips into the scrum to have a go at Rory Best, with Kilcoyne still scrummaging straight.
With Andrews' body going across the scrum. once Dave Kilcoyne pushes, it begins to move towards the sideline.
While we can't see ths ins and outs of it, Michael Bent did seem to get a solid shov on his side, ensuring the scrum also moved forward, rather than just wheeling on the spot.
However with Ireland a man down for the final two scrums after Tommy O'Donnell's injury, Kilcoyne probably tried to compensate for the loss in power on the final scrum of the day by boring across Andrews to concede a penalty.
As usual for perspective we'll look at how the lined up together initially, with their backs forming one long, straight line parallel to the ground.
However, Kilcoyne then begins to angle across Andrews and bore in. Note the direction that the different pairs of shoulders are facing; Rory Best and Michael Bent are pointing to the goalposts, while Kilcoyne's are facing the corner, while his bind has also dropped.
Jackson spotted it and awarded the penalty, capping off an alert performance from him at the scrum.
Overall, the control Ireland showed at scrum time bodes well for the World Cup, with their communication and structure on defensive scrums particularly pleasing.
If Joe Schmidt does have thoughts on bringing Michael Bent along to cover, we'll need to see more of him over the coming games to give a real opinion on him at tighthead.
While Mike Ross looks better and better with every game, Schmidt may have to leave the tighthead out for the first time in his tenure this weekend, simply to see more from his back-up options in Bent and Tadhg Furlong.
Wisconsin GOP Will Ignore Injunction, Implement Collective Bargaining Law
Doug Mataconis · · 12 comments
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker and his Administration are setting themselves up for a showdown with the state's judiciary with their decision to implement the provisions of the recently passed collective bargaining law despite the fact that a state trial court judge has ordered that it not be implemented:
State officials have not stopped putting in place changes to collective bargaining rules for public employees despite a judge's order barring the law's implementation — and a threat of sanctions against anyone who violates it. Department of Administration Secretary Mike Huebsch said Wednesday he has a legal obligation to implement all laws passed by the Legislature, signed by Gov. Scott Walker and published into law. Huebsch said the Department of Justice and his own legal counsel, a team of DOA attorneys, agree the measure has met those requirements “and is now effective law.” “It is my duty to administer that law,” he said. Huebsch's latest comments raise questions about whether he or others could face sanctions following a hearing Tuesday, when Dane County Circuit Judge Maryann Sumi said any further implementation of the law is prohibited under a temporary court order. “Now that I've made my earlier order as clear as it possibly can be, I must state that those who act in open and willful defiance of the court order place not only themselves at peril of sanctions, they also jeopardize the financial and the governmental stability of the state of Wisconsin,” Sumi said Tuesday. (…) Huebsch said the legal effect of Sumi's order on his ability to implement the law is “unclear.” Changes under the law were being implemented this week, but public employees won't see them until their April 21 paychecks, with increases in health insurance premiums and retirement contributions, as well as a stop to automatic collection of union dues, Huebsch said Monday. Huebsch pointed out that the DOA is not a party to the lawsuit and said Sumi's order fails to state the law is not in effect. “It is unclear how she can issue an order binding non-parties to a case who have not had their day in court,” he said.
The letter of the injunction may give Huebsch some breathing room here, but it's quite apparent that any further implementation of the law would violate the spirit of Judge Sumi's ruling, and that she's likely to look unkindly on any effort to implement the law in defiance of her order. This is likely to come up when Sumi holds another hearing in the case tomorrow, at which point she could end up expanding the scope of her injunction yet again, or sanctioning the Governor's attorneys for violating her order.
It strikes me that Walker and the GOP are playing with fire here. Rather than trying to openly defy a Court Order, with the inevitable consequences that are likely to result, it would be far more appropriate for them to challenge the TRO through the appellate process, which they are in fact already doing. Acting in this manner carries with it the risk of being held in contempt, and as Allahpundit notes, that would only serve to hand a huge strategic victory to their opponents.
Missed a meeting or flaked out on a friend? Start abiding by the whisky rule, and you'll owe someone a bottle of the good stuff next time. Entrepreneur Ned Dwyer explains.
The Whisky Rule is pretty simple. If you cancel a meeting with less than 10 minutes notice, or if you miss it completely, then you owe your counterpart a bottle of whisky.
Advertisement
Everyone's time is important but sometimes mistakes happen. Rather than any sense of ill will being generated, the mistake should be settled. The party who was left waiting should be compensated in some small way for their time.
I've been using the whisky rule for a couple of years. I'm generally pretty punctual and keep a close eye on my calendar, but from time to time I'll slip up and completely forget a meeting or get stuck doing something else that I can't get out of. In those situations I'm more than happy to sling a bottle of whisky to my counterpart as an apology and a sort of olive branch, hoping they'll forgive me and we can make it up the next time we meet.
Likewise, if someone cancels on me or just doesn't show up, I don't get too hot and bothered by it. Instead, I let them know about the whisky rule—if they really want to meet up again they should come bearing a Laphroaig or some obscure small batch Japanese whisky.
Advertisement
It keeps things honest.
So far the whisky rule has worked out pretty well for me. I've been given about four bottles of whisky and I've given six away. I just bought a desk calendar and I hope I'll make up those two extra bottles and get beyond the break even of the whisky rule.
The Whisky Rule | MyNameIsNed
Ned Dwyer is the founder of Tweaky, the marketplace for customizing your web site.
Advertisement
Image remixed from gresei
Philippe Huguen, AFP | France's record-high unemployment rate is a blow to President François Hollande's hopes of a second term in office.
France's unemployment rate rose 1.1 percent in the month of February, pushing jobless numbers to a record 3.591 million people, the Labour Ministry said Thursday.
ADVERTISING Read more
The monthly spike is the sharpest since September 2013 and follows a slight dip in January that had raised hopes of an end to years of surging unemployment.
It comes as students and trade unions staged new protests in cities across France on Thursday against government plans to reform the labour market.
Blaming France's 'bloated' labour code
France's Socialist government says the reform will help create jobs by introducing greater flexibility in the labour market.
But the majority of unions say it will introduce precarious working conditions and pave the way for an end to France's cherished 35-hour work week.
President François Hollande, whose term ends in May 2017, has said he will not run for re-election if he fails to secure a “meaningful” fall in the jobless rate.
(Newser) – In an essay at Time, Cathy Young takes issue with those in the "feminist camp" who are arguing so strongly that Woody Allen must be guilty of molesting daughter Dylan Farrow. The problem is that they're convicting him based on principle rather than on fact, writes Young. Women don't make up allegations like this, goes their thinking, and therefore to side with Allen is to dishonor all victims of sexual abuse. Young finds it "appalling" that so many feminists—she takes particular umbrage with Jessica Valenti at the Nation—dismiss out of hand the particulars of the Allen-Farrow case that raise questions about his guilt.
Young isn't necessarily making the case for Allen's innocence, but she's worried that the he-must-be-guilty message will filter into our legal system and into "our conversation on gender." She also equates the "Stand With Dylan" movement to the misguided notions that led to bogus sex-abuse scares in the 1980s and '90s. "Perhaps we still haven't learned the larger lesson," she concludes. "A movement that demands belief in one person's accusations against another as a matter of faith, not fact, is not a movement for justice. It is a lynch mob waiting to happen." Click for the full column. (Read more Woody Allen stories.)
CLOSE President Trump announced a plan to levy a 20% tax on all imports from Mexico. Veuer's Nick Cardona has the story. Buzz60
Traffic from Mexico moves into the United States at the Bridge of the Americas Port of Entry. (Photo: Victor Calzada/El Paso Times File Photo)
AUSTIN — Texas lawmakers are warning of the damage President Trump's proposal for a 20% tax on imports from Mexico would do to the Lone Star State.
On Thursday, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said the president would make Mexico pay for a border wall through the tax. Trump's aides later walked that back a bit, saying the tax was just an option. But it caused deep alarm among economists, business leaders and some elected officials on both sides of the aisle.
“It's going to hurt U.S. industrial performance rather than help it,” said Tom Fullerton, an economist at the University of Texas at El Paso. “It's going to increase unemployment rather than reduce it.”
Fullerton explained that most cross-border trade is between companies that often ship products back and forth multiple times, adding value each step of the way. Imposing a 20% hit on each northward step would cause severe economic dislocation, shuttering businesses on both sides of the border, he said.
“It threatens to disrupt intricate supply chains that link the two economies together,” Fullerton said.
The Texas economy, already struggling because of low energy prices, is highly dependent on trade with Mexico. According to Census Bureau figures, 33% of U.S. imports from Mexico flow through Texas, and 37% of U.S. exports to Mexico come from the Lone Star State.
Unlike the nation as a whole, Texas has a trade surplus with Mexico. In 2015, it sent $92 billion worth of goods across the border while importing $84 billion, the Census Bureau reported.
The idea of levying a 20% import tax to pay for the border wall was floated a day after Trump signed an executive order to build the wall, while continuing to insist he'd make Mexico pay for it.
U.S. Rep. Will Hurd, R-Texas, criticized both the wall plan, and the import tax idea.
“Building a wall is the most expensive and least effective way to secure the border, so as a conservative, I don't believe it is something that anyone should pay for,” Hurd, whose district spans 800 miles of the border, said in an email to the El Paso Times.
“Further, this tariff would be devastating to the communities in my district that rely on border trade, harmful to the thousands of U.S. companies that work hand-in-hand with Mexican companies to produce goods and services, and expensive to the millions of middle-class families who will feel the pinch as prices go up.”
“This tariff would be devastating to the communities in my district that rely on border trade, harmful to the thousands of U.S. companies that work hand-in-hand with Mexican companies to produce goods and services, and expensive to the millions of middle-class families who will feel the pinch as prices go up.” U.S. Rep. Will Hurd, R-Texas
The Texas Association of Business, a trade organization, on Thursday evening said a border tax would harm the Texas economy.
“Texas' number one trading partner by far is Mexico, and imposing a 20% tax on Mexican imports to fund a border wall would hurt the Texas economy," Association President Chris Wallace said in a statement. "This proposal could mean a loss of jobs and a hit to state tax revenues.”
El Paso County Judge Veronica Escobar said she's already seeing harm from a depressed Mexican peso firsthand. It has sapped the buying power of residents of neighboring Juárez, who frequently cross into El Paso to buy U.S. consumer goods, she said.
A 20% import tax would only further depress the peso — along with economies on both sides of the border, she said.
“There will be dire economic consequences to this,” she said. “They won't only be felt in El Paso; they'll be felt throughout the country.”
U.S. Rep. Beto O'Rourke, D-Texas, said that even if Trump ultimately abandons the proposal, damage already has been done in El Paso, where one in every four jobs relies on cross-border trade.
“It will hurt everyone,” he said. “It is a bad idea. I have heard reports that Trump is stepping back (from imposing a 20% tariff), but the suggestion ... will make it harder for El Paso and Juárez to attract investments, capital and talent. It is going to be terrible.”
At least one Texas GOP leader was in favor of a version of increased taxes on imports.
In a Thursday afternoon appearance on Fox News, U.S. Rep. Kevin Brady said he supports a 20% increase on imports from around the world and using the money to slash business taxes. Brady, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, said it would level the playing field with other countries that he said already tax imports.
“We have to go bold because our competitors have already gone bold,” Brady said.
Other Texas Republicans were more circumspect about the possibility of taxing the imports.
The staff of Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, pointed to a tweet Cornyn put out.
“Many unanswered questions about proposed ‘border adjustment' tax,” it said.
Contributing: Lorena Figueroa, El Paso Times; follow Marty Schladen on Twitter: @martyschladen
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jDh4dM
Code: /* * Your warranty is now void. * * I am not responsible for bricked devices, dead SD cards, * thermonuclear war, or you're getting fired because the alarm app failed. Please * do some research if you have any concerns about the features in this tool * before using it! YOU are choosing to make these modifications, and if * you point the finger at me for messing up your device, I will laugh at you. Hard. A lot. */
suggests
SHOULD
Checks if your device is compatible Dumps the currently installed boot.img. Unpacks the dump of your currently installed boot.img. The unpacking process is done via a self-compiled, statically linked version of unmkbootimg. It patches the filesystem tables which include the force-encrypt flags. This process will change "forceencrypt" to "encryptable". Then, if necessary, it patches the filesystem tables to not use dm-verity. This is done by removing the "verify" mount-parameter. Creates a new boot.img. The unpacking process is done via a self-compiled, statically linked version of mkbootimg. Flashes the modified boot.img
HTC Nexus 9 WiFi (flounder)
HTC Nexus 9 LTE (flounder_lte)
Motorola Nexus 6 (shamu)
LG Nexus 5X (bullhead)
Huawei Nexus 6P (angler)
v1 - Initial version with HTC Nexus 9 WiFi (flounder) support
v2 - Added Motorola Nexus 6 (shamu) support
v3 - Added support for HTC Nexus 9 LTE (flounder_lte)
v4 - Added support for signed boot-images
v5 - Changed error handling to compensate for missing fstab files. Some roms seem not to ship with the complete set of boot-files from AOSP.
v6 - FED-Patcher will enforce the same structure for the patched boot.img that the original boot.img had. Additionally, the kernel commandline will also be taken over. This should fix pretty much every case where devices would not boot after patching.
v7 - FED-Patcher will now disable dm-verity in fstab to get rid of the red error sign on marshmallow roms.
v8 - Added support for LG Nexus 5X (bullhead) and Huawei Nexus 6P (angler)
A supported device An unlocked bootloader An already installed ROM with forceencrypt flag. (like cyanogenmod CM12.1) A recovery that includes busybox (TWRP, CWM)
Make a thorough, conservative backup of your data if there is any on your device Go into your recovery (TWRP, CWM) Flash fed_patcher-signed.zip If your device is already encrypted (You booted your ROM at least once) you need to do a full wipe to get rid of the encryption. This full wipe will clear all your data on your data-partition (where your apps as well as their settings are stored) as well as on your internal storage so please, do a backup before. If you don't do a backup and want to restore your data... well... Call obama.
XDA:DevDB Information
FED-Patcher, Tool/Utility for all devices (see above for details)
Contributors
Version Information
Hello everybody,I created a tool - initially for the nexus 9 (flounder|flounder_lte) - that gets rid of the ForceEncrypt flag in a generic way (meaning it should work no matter what rom you are on). It does that by patching the currently installed boot.img.I enhanced that tool to make it work for other devices too. (See the list below to see if your device is supported)The Android CDD (Compatibility Definition Document) demands that all devices with the appropriate horse powerMUST enable full disk-encryption (FDE) by default. Even though I support every step towards more security I have to criticize this approach.. Encryption takes time because some component has to de- and encrypt the stuff on the disk at some point and in current devices it's the CPU's task. Even though modern devices have quite fast CPU cores you can still easily feel the difference between FDE in the on- or off-state. The I/O is faster and boot-times take only half as long. (I did not do any scientific measurements though)There is an ongoing discussion about this topic in cyanogenmod's gerrit for the nexus 9. Although it's a fun read it is pretty clear that this exchange of views is not going anywhere near a useful outcome. Additionally, Google's stock ROMs always have forced encryption enabled on newer devices.Because performance is important to me and at least my tablet does not need the extra security I created the FED-Patcher (ForceEncrypt Disable Patcher).FED-Patcher is a simple flashable ZIP that is supposed to be run in a recovery that has busybox integrated (like TWRP or CWM). This is what it does:Go into your "Settings"-App. In "Security", if it offers you to encrypt your device it is. If it says something like "Device is encrypted" it indeed isIMPORTANT: If you update your ROM you have to run FED-Patcher again because ROM-updates also update the boot-partition which effectively removes my patch. So, if you are on CM12.1 for example and you used my patch and do an update to a newer nightly you have to run FED-Patcher again. If you don't do so Android will encrypt your device at the first boot.Well, I implemented tons of checks that prevent pretty much anything bad from happening. But, of course, we're dealing with the boot-partition here. Even though I tested FED-Patcher quite a lot there is still room for crap hitting the fan.Scroll down to the attached thumbnails.* pbatard for making (un)mkbootimg (dunno if he is on xda)* @ rovo89 for his xposed framework - I used some of his ideas by reading the source of his xposed installer flashable ZIP for FED-Patcher. gladiac , rovo89Betav82015-10-272015-10-272016-10-23
Babe.net describes itself as a website “for girls who don't give a fuck.” True to form, after the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville they published a piece titled “We're not going to fuck you, you Nazi losers,” by Dana Schwartz. “If you're a 20-year-old pretending to be a Nazi, you're not a bad boy; you're a racist virgin so humiliated by his own sexual inadequacy and terrified at rejection that you'll blame your feelings of weakness on some unseen Liberal Agenda,” she wrote. “First and foremost, the neo-Nazi alt-right movement is about racism. Second, it's about sexual insecurity.”
Jezebel's Kelly Stout did not see the essay as an act of criticism or humor by an established journalist, comedian, and young adult author. Instead, in her own essay (let that sink in), she accused Schwartz of being “a white woman who uses a tragedy to promote her brand” and that she “should be embarrassed.” Stout concludes by arguing that “the Nazis in Virginia weren't really there to protest white women's right to be alive. And the violence in Virginia does not cry out for a response from sassy white women who know a thing or two about virgins living in their moms' basements.”
But here's the catch: Schwartz is a prominent Jewish journalist and an outspoken target of white supremacist harassment. Assuming Stout is aware of the Nazi position on Jewry, and of Schwartz's identity, it's ambiguous whether she is arguing that whiteness cancels out Jewishness or whether she hadn't picked up on Schwartz's identity beyond “white woman.”
It's certainly true that structural racism in the U.S. does not primarily target Jews, and to focus only on anti-Semitism would be myopic. But it's a stretch to say that Jews responding in a personal way to a neo-Nazi rally are centering themselves, and it's untenable in the context of Charlottesville to discuss white Jews simply as white people in need of etiquette instruction from fellow-progressive. While we should defend groups we're not part of, we are also part of a group currently under attack.
Orangeman accused of driving into crowd can't remember running over a teenage girl, court hears BelfastTelegraph.co.uk An Orangeman accused of driving into crowd at a north Belfast flashpoint has "no memory" of hitting people, a court heard has heard. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/orangeman-accused-of-driving-into-crowd-cant-remember-running-over-a-teenage-girl-court-hears-35775658.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article35776310.ece/48b06/AUTOCROP/h342/John-Aughey.JPG
Email
An Orangeman accused of driving into crowd at a north Belfast flashpoint has "no memory" of hitting people, a court heard has heard.
Prosecuting QC Neil Connor told Belfast Crown Court that John Alexander Aughey (63) later claimed he felt "in fear of his life", believing he'd been identified as an Orangeman, and was attempting to "escape from a dangerous and escalating situation".
Aughey, from Brae Hill Park, Belfast, also allegedly told police that while he can remember what happened before and after the collision, he has "no memory" of striking anyone. He faces several charges including dangerous driving, causing grievous bodily injury to teenager Phoebe Clawson who was left with a broken collar bone, and fractured pelvis and ankle.
Mr Connor told the jury of eight women and four men that by the end of the case they would be satisfied that Aughey's dangerous driving "fell far below, and we emphasise, falls far below, of what would be expected from a careful and competent driver".
He added that Aughey's driving would be obvious to a careful and competent driver that it was dangerous to any person either on or off the road.
As part of the prosecution opening, the jury where shown a police video which captured Aughey's red Nissan Pulsar car driving across the road and a crowd surging forward only to be stopped by riot police.
The jury also heard that Ms Clawson was trapped under Aughey's car for a time after being carried on its bonnet for a short distance. She was freed by police who rocked the Nissan onto its side.
Mr Connor said that on that July 13 two years ago, "it was fair to say tension was high" in the area, with a large crowd of people gathering at the Ardoyne flashpoint in opposition to a contentious loyalist parade, banned by the Parades' Commission from passing the north Belfast shops.
The court heard that Aughey was part of the parade, and with it being prevented from moving any further than nearby Twaddle Avenue, he decided to drive home, up the Crumlin Road and past the Ardoyne shops. Mr Connor said traffic was slow moving and Aughey's Nissan at times was "essentially" slowed to a stop.
Police CCTV footage, he added, also pictured someone from the crowd moving across and in front of the Nissan, who appeared to kick the vehicle. Mr Connor said the car is then seen "reversing back, and ended up in a diagonal fashion across the road".
Mr Connor said that what is thought to have been a plastic bottle was thrown at the car and bounced off its roof. Aughey drove his car forward, while the lights on the pedestrian crossing were at red, and moved onto the opposite side of the road into a bus stop area and partly across an area of parking bays.
The prosecution lawyer said it was at this stage that Aughey "collided with a number of people", injuring a number of them. "Ms Clawson," he said, "was impacted by the vehicle, forcing her onto the bonnet of the vehicle", and as it continued on, she fell and was "dragged forward slightly and was trapped underneath the" Pulsar.
The car was "ultimately stopped" by police, who had to "roll the car onto its side to free Ms Clawson," but not before two officers were slightly injured when they too were struck by the vehicle.
Mr Connor also told the jury that "one thing is sure", that the injuries suffered by Ms Clawson, "amounts to grievous bodily injury".
Aughey denies a total of six charges and in addition to the injuries caused to the teenager, he is also accused of injuring a 'community representative' who was left with a broken wrist, and another young girl who "thankfully received only bumps and bruises". A man was also left with a sprained wrist, while two police officers were also hurt.
The trial, expected to last up to three weeks, continues tomorrow with plans to show further CCTV footage from the scene to the jury.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
The moon influences the ebb and flow in our bodies, as well as our emotions, sleep patterns and menstrual cycles. We are made of 70% water and just as the moon is pulling and pushing the waves of the ocean, it´s also moving the waves of our mood, which is interrelated with our bodily fluids (Vata in Ayurveda means Air, but it´s also related to thoughts and feelings and everything liquid that flows in our body).
So, as the moon is moving our moods and bodily fluids, it also works wonders energetically, in terms of moving energy for the beginning of a new project or manifesting our deepest desires. New Moon stands for a new beginning, receiving and creating anew.
In shamanic traditions there is a gathering of woman for every New Moon. They sit together in a circle, sing songs, smoke holy tobacco, get in contact with mother earth and give thanks to the wind, the trees, the sun, the moon, the earth, the sky, the birds and every single being on this planet. They smother themselves in smoke to bless themselves and the things they wish to receive and send energy to each other and her wish in the circle. In the middle of the circle is a little stack of papers, where each of them has written down her current biggest wish. The papers stay in the circle for one year and are blessed with new energy each new moon. As all of the women give energy to each other's wish, the potential energy for all of their wishes increases. Around them laid out on the ground is a protective circle knit of several ribbons that were collected over time.
Some wishes become true fast, some take a little longer. It always depends on how open we are to receiving. And not only that, it also depends on how clear we are about what we want. That's why some wishes come in a little different packaging than we anticipated, because the clue to getting what we want is being very clear and precise about it. If we leave it up the Universe to unfold as it wishes, we might get a charming bird instead of a new lover. Or we get to be creative as a mother with a newborn baby instead of being creative as an artist. Or we get a little plastic toy car instead of a real one (that's my case, it took only one day to manifest and was the solution for not having a driver's license).
Also, it's not only about being clear and precise about it, we need to feel it. We need to feel that we already have what we intent to manifest. Only then the Universe conspires to help us achieve it (Paolo Coelho – The Alchemyst). By working with our wishes and with the moon, there is no more “I wish one day”, “maybe” or “would like”. We just cut the crap here and get down to what's really working. So, before the next new moon take yourself some time and sit for a while with your most pressing questions.
• What is it that I really, really want?
• How would I like my life to look and feel like?
• Which changes would I like to see in my life?
When you've gotten clear about it, take a piece of paper and a pen and write down in – attention – present tense:
Dear Universe / God / Higher Self / Moon [whatever you like to call it],
in gratitude for everything I already have in my life, please help me to bring [insert intention] into my life. I choose to …………………[now get down to the details of how, when, why it should unfold and what you are willing to do for it & your feelings related to it – still everything in present tense!] ….
Thank you for your guidance,
Your Name
Instead of writing “I wish this for me” or “I wish you bring this into my life”, you might want to say “I choose to”, which implies action and commitment from your part. If you say “I wish”, your mind stays in the wish thinking mode, which most probably does not transcend from wish to reality. If you say “I choose to” you are already involved in the process of bringing your wish actively into your life. New moon helps you to receive. So make a little ritual about it, light a candle, burn some incense at new moon, become very clear about your intentions, sit with your paper and keep your arms wide open to receive (literally, not physically). But don't get stuck on it either, the Universe always gives us what we need, not what we want sometimes. This might include slightly different outcomes than anticipated, according to how exact we were with the details.
After your ritual, store your piece of paper in a nice location, forget about it for the next 4 weeks and come back to it the coming new moon. During the first year, you can still make little changes to clarify your intention in language and style of writing, but you should be good to go without changes after a year for your next big intention. And always remember, keep it present tense as if it was already there! Feelings have power, intentions have power and above all, writing words on paper has power. Sometimes it seems too easy and too good to be true, but magic still happens.
We had a gathering for the first New Moon this year transitioning from the 31st of December into the 1st of January, sitting around a camp fire in the desert, giving thanks to everything we have in our lives and listening to everyones dearest matters. Another beautiful way to cherish the new moon and open the path for more to come. No matter which way you chose to do your ritual, if outside with a group or inside with yourself, remember to include gratefulness for what you already have into your new endeavours. Gratefulness is the path to receive, because only when you are grateful, you humble yourself before something greater, and hence the doors can open to whatever else the Universe might have in store for you.
May it be of service!
Enjoy and stay open to receive.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
May 1, 2014, 1:11 PM GMT By Scott Stump
A couple's dream home has divided a North Carolina neighborhood over its design.
Architect Louis Cherry and his wife, Marsha Gordon, have drawn protests from some of their neighbors in the Oakwood neighborhood of Raleigh who say the style of the new house does not fit in. There are about 600 homes in the neighborhood, from turn-of-the-century Victorians to shotgun bungalows valued anywhere between $200,000 to several million. At issue now is whether Cherry and Gordon can be forced to tear down their two-story, two-bedroom home because of objections by neighbors.
A majority of the homes in the Oakwood neighborhood in Raleigh, N.C., are turn-of-the-century Victorians, whose owners are protesting the construction of a modernist-style house in the neighborhood. Today
"It's devastating to us,'' Cherry told Kerry Sanders on TODAY Thursday. "The cost to us is very high, emotionally and financially."
The home is being built in the modernist style made famous by architect Frank Lloyd Wright, and the couple said that they made it clear from the beginning that the house's style would differ from others in the neighborhood.
"We believe that this is good for the preservation of this neighborhood,'' Cherry said. "This neighborhood needs to be alive. It needs to be invested in, and it did not stop in time in 1880 or 1910."
Architect Louis Cherry and his wife, Marsha Gordon, obtained a proper building permit for the modernist home, but a legal battle has halted construction after protests by neighbors. Today
The couple obtained a proper city building permit before beginning construction. After a four-hour hearing in September, the Raleigh Historic Development Commission gave the couple permission to move ahead with building the house.
"When you're given a building permit from a city, you expect that it means that you have permission to build,'' Gordon said.
But once the neighbors got a look at the house as it was being constructed, they raised public complaints. Gail Wiesner, a neighbor from across the street, hired a lawyer to appeal the Historic Development Commission's decision to Raleigh's Board of Adjustment, which overturned the decision by the commission and halted construction. Wiesner's home was built in 2008, but it was constructed to resemble an older home similar to others in the neighborhood.
"It is completely inappropriate for the neighborhood,'' Wiesner said at a public meeting. "It is totally incongruous."
The fight is now headed to court, and one thing the judge will consider is that the lot was empty before construction began so no existing Victorian home was knocked down to make way for the new house.
TODAY's Kerry Sanders reports that a factor that will be considered by the judge in the dispute over the construction of the home is that it was on a vacant lot, so no existing Victorian home was knocked down to make way for the new house. Today
Neighbors have expressed a fear that if a different architectural style takes hold, more homes in that style will pop up in the neighborhood.
"I just don't think it fits in the historic district,'' another neighbor, William Hillebrenner, said at a public forum. "The reason this historic district was started in the first place is to protect all of the homes in the district to keep anything that's inappropriate out."
Cherry believes it's a simple case of property rights, but those in opposition say it's about keeping the historic feel of the neighborhood.
"I don't think it's appropriate to exert your tastes on other people's property rights,'' Cherry said.
Follow Scott Stump on Twitter and Google+.
Phantom eye syndrome Anatomy of the eye. The external eye muscles are shown in red. Specialty Psychiatry, Neurology
The phantom eye syndrome (PES) is a phantom pain in the eye and visual hallucinations after the removal of an eye (enucleation, evisceration).
Symptoms [ edit ]
Many patients experience one or more phantom phenomena after the removal of the eye:
Phantom pain in the (removed) eye (prevalence: 26%) [1] [2]
Non-painful phantom sensations [1] [2]
Visual hallucinations. About 30% of patients report visual hallucinations of the removed eye.[1] Most of these hallucinations consist of basic perceptions (shapes, colors). In contrast, visual hallucinations caused by severe visual loss without removal of the eye itself (Charles Bonnet syndrome) are less frequent (prevalence 10%) and often consist of detailed images.
Pathogenesis [ edit ]
Phantom pain and non-painful phantom sensations [ edit ]
Phantom pain and non-painful phantom sensations result from changes in the central nervous system due to denervation of a body part.[3][4] Phantom eye pain is considerably less common than phantom limb pain. The prevalence of phantom pain after limb amputation ranged from 50% to 78%. The prevalence of phantom eye pain, in contrast, is about 30%.
Post-amputation changes in the cortical representation of body parts adjacent to the amputated limb are believed to contribute to the development of phantom pain and non-painful phantom sensations. One reason for the smaller number of patients with phantom eye pain compared with those with phantom limb pain may be the smaller cortical somatosensory representation of the eye compared with the limbs.
In limb amputees, some,[5] but not all, studies have found a correlation between preoperative pain in the affected limb and postoperative phantom pain. There is a significant association between painful and non-painful phantom experiences, preoperative pain in the symptomatic eye and headache.[6] Based on the present data, it is difficult to determine if headaches or preoperative eye pain play a causal role in the development of phantom phenomena or if headache, preoperative eye pain, and postoperative phantom eye experiences are only epiphenomena of an underlying factor. However, a study in humans demonstrated that experimental pain leads to a rapid reorganization of the somatosensory cortex.[7] This study suggests that preoperative and postoperative pain may be an important co-factor for somatosensory reorganization and the development of phantom experiences.
Visual hallucinations [ edit ]
Enucleation of an eye and, similarly, retinal damage, lead to a cascade of events in the cortical areas receiving visual input. Cortical GABAergic (GABA: Gamma-aminobutyric acid) inhibition decreases, and cortical glutamatergic excitation increases, followed by increased visual excitibility or even spontaneous activity in the visual cortex.[8] It is believed that spontaneous activity in the denervated visual cortex is the neural correlate of visual hallucinations.
Treatment [ edit ]
Treatment of painful phantom eye syndrome is provision of ocular prosthesis in the empty orbit.[2]
See also [ edit ]
He was totally inept in Sunday's loss to the Colts. But Peyton Manning is not done.
That is as long as he can answer one question affirmatively: Can he get his legs healthy and keep them healthy for an entire season? If he can't be confident in that, then Manning should retire. Most quarterbacks, especially 39-year-old quarterbacks (which is what Manning would be next season), are done when their legs go. Manning's legs went this season, and so did his effectiveness.
I watched all 735 passing plays—drop-backs, sacks, scrambles and penalties—that Manning was involved in during the past season. Much has been made of reports that Manning played the past month with a severe quad injury. That's certainly evident from when he came up limping in the Dec. 14 game against the Chargers. But I think Manning was injured before that game, possibly as far back as the Oct. 23 home game against San Diego. That would mesh with Jay Glazer's report that Manning had injuries to both quads, a partial tear in one and a deep bruise in the other.
From what I saw, there is a clear line of demarcation between Manning's play before and after that first matchup with the Chargers. He played exceedingly well up to that game. I can actually pinpoint the first play I noticed something was wrong. It was a simple out on first down to Demaryius Thomas with 2:31 remaining in the third quarter. Manning faked a handoff, got to the top of his drop, stepped up a little in the pocket, and then awkwardly fired a pass to his left that traveled 14 yards and wasn't even close to Thomas. To be fair, Ronnie Hillman had (judging by the post-play tongue lashing Manning gave him) mistakenly run a route and drew a defender into Manning's path, so he was probably being safe with the errant throw. But it wasn't the inaccuracy that caught my eye (Manning has a few wayward passes each game); it was his mechanics.
Manning's delivery and stride were normal, but when he followed through, he brought his back foot all the way in front of him. It was like he was throwing around his body or legs.
Courtesy NFL Game Rewind Courtesy NFL Game Rewind
When you watch a quarterback throw enough times, little things like this stand out. Like most passers, Manning generates the torque needed to power the ball by releasing his hips. He usually just spins and lifts up his back foot, which comes forward slightly with his momentum. Earlier this season Manning threw a similar pass, which needed a little mustard to beat the defender to the sideline, with 7:22 left in the second quarter against the Seahawks. That time, Manning was all spin.
Courtesy NFL Game Rewind Courtesy NFL Game Rewind
He didn't drag his right foot awkwardly like he did against the Chargers, a throw I noted because it was so abnormal for Manning. But I didn't think much of it until I continued to watch each snap in progression.
I have a rudimentary system for grading players when I watch film, and while it's far from perfect, it has served me well. Plus plays are difficult throws or decisions, depending on how good the coverage and/or pass-rush are. Minus plays are those that are missed, but are usually made with regularity. Even if I'm using flawed logic, as long as I'm consistent with how I apply it I can ballpark whether someone played well or not.
Through that first meeting with the Chargers, the season's seventh game, I had Manning for 44 “plus” plays, and 32 “minus” plays for the season (with 25 percent of those minus plays coming in the Seattle loss).
Fallout in Denver Not even 24 hours after a one-and-done playoff appearance, the Broncos and coach John Fox parted ways. Here's a look at who Denver might be targeting, where Fox will land and how the other five coaching vacancies stand right now. FULL STORY Not even 24 hours after a one-and-done playoff appearance, the Broncos and coach John Fox parted ways. Here's a look at who Denver might be targeting, where Fox will land and how the other five coaching vacancies stand right now. And what you have to remember about the Broncos' passing system, which has been developed by Manning and offensive coordinator Adam Gase, is that it is brilliant in the many ways it uses personnel and route concepts to get receivers open. Outside of maybe Chip Kelly with the Eagles, I don't think an NFL passing system gets more players wide open than the Broncos'. It's like the Oregon of the NFL. That's not to say it's perfect—it has flaws against smart man-to-man coverages—but over the course of an NFL season it's pretty good. I say that to explain why many of Manning's throws do not have a high degree of difficulty compared to some of his peers', Aaron Rodgers for instance.
Back to Manning's performance. In the next three games after the San Diego win (losses to the Patriots and Rams and a win over the Raiders), Manning had 21 plus plays and 38 minus plays. Yes, the Broncos defeated the Raiders 41-17 on Nov. 9, and Manning completed 31 of 44 passes for 340 yards and five touchdowns (two interceptions), but it was one of Manning's worst performances of the season. While two of his touchdown passes were terrific throws to Emmanuel Sanders, the other three were wide open and/or plays made by the receiver (like C.J. Anderson's 51-yard catch-and-run TD, when he broke five tackles and zig-zagged across the field). The Broncos trailed 10-6, thanks to two poor Manning interceptions, until putting up two scores in the final three minutes of the first half.
In the final nine games of the season, during which the Broncos went 6-3, Manning had a 64-to-78 plus/minus ratio. That's basically a flip from the 44-to-32 he had in the first seven games of the season. Manning did play well in wins over the Dolphins on Nov. 23 and Chargers on Dec. 14, with mediocre performances wins over the Chiefs and Bills in between. I can't explain that, but note that the Broncos made a concerted effort to run the ball much more after the loss to the Rams on Nov. 16. A team source said that after the Rams loss it was determined that the Broncos couldn't continue throwing the ball 40-plus times a game, something they did against the Patriots (57), Raiders (44) and Rams (54). Was that decision made because of Manning's health/ineffectiveness? That's unknown. But after leaving St. Louis, the Broncos only attempted 40-plus passes in a game twice, and both were losses: the ugly defeat to the Bengals on Dec. 22 (44), and Sunday's season-ending loss to the Colts (46).
As for Sunday's game, Manning had three plus plays (two on Denver's first and only touchdown drive of the game), and 15 minus plays. And that was after a bye week.
The Manning we saw against the Colts, the one who threw inaccurate wobblers downfield, made poor decisions and didn't have enough velocity to complete easy slants, was not the Manning I saw in the first seven games of the season. That Manning was playing well, showed an ability to drop passes in the bucket down the field and generally looked like an MVP candidate. The Manning who ended the season was someone we've never seen before.
I think it's absurd to believe that Manning aged, suddenly, in the middle of the season and the game has passed him by. To me, the more logical explanation for the sharp contrast between his play before and after Oct. 23 is that Manning played through the second half of the season with serious leg problems that he couldn't shake. And the way Manning throws the ball, he just can't function very well without his legs. That he was able to guide the Broncos to six wins in the final 10 games is a testament to his mind and to Denver's offensive system.
Broncos team president John Elway has forgotten more about good quarterbacking than most of us will ever know. He's also not very sentimental, so I don't think he was just being politically correct (like the Packers once were with Brett Favre) on Tuesday when he said he wanted Manning to return.
“Bottom line is that we want him back,” Elway said. “It's going to come down to what he wants. I did have a great conversation with Peyton [on Monday]. We talked about the game. I said, ‘The last thing we're going to do at this point in time, having been through what you've been through, is talk about your future.' I told him, ‘Just know how much we want you back, but you need time to get away from this.' ”
It's going to be a different Broncos team in 2015. Coach John Fox is gone, and Denver has many pending free agents. And only Manning knows whether he wants to go through the effort of rehabbing his legs, then putting in the training to make his lower body more durable for a potential 18th NFL season.
But I believe that Manning has another season of very good football left in him. The Manning we saw in the final 10 games is not who he is now. We were watching a player gutting out a serious injury that he couldn't get past. I hope he's back for at least one more season, so he can go out the right way. He still has something left.
Follow The MMQB on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
[widget widget_name="SI Newsletter Widget”]
Augmented reality could change the way humans interface with everything. And Microsoft knows that, for Americans, football is everything.
The Windows company released a promotional video today that reveals its vision for how the HoloLens AR head-mounted display might expand the way people enjoy content like professional football. The Super Bowl is Sunday in Silicon Valley, and Microsoft is the National Football League's “official technology sponsor.” That's why you'll see coaches and players using Microsoft Surface Pro tablets when you watch the game this weekend. And the company is trying to use that partnership to show how something as futuristic as AR will fit into people's lives. This includes giving fans a wider view of the field, stat updates, and a three-dimensional instant-replay app that will sit on your coffee table.
While consumers cannot yet purchase a HoloLens, Microsoft, along with a number of competitors like Magic Leap and Facebook, are investing heavily in augmented and virtual reality. That's because tech adviser Digi-Capital predicts these industries could quickly turn into a combined $120 billion market by 2020. With that kind of money up for grabs, Microsoft is working on getting to a point where it can sell its HoloLens to consumers at some point in the next half decade — and marketing like this will help it prep consumers for that product. At the same time, Facebook is charging ahead with VR and the OculusVR company it acquired in 2014 for $2B. And now, even companies like Apple and Nintendo are looking into these sectors.
For Microsoft, HoloLens is a new kind of Windows computer. It sits over your eyes, and it displays 3D images and 2D windows around your real world. The device doesn't need to plug into a computer, and it isn't a peripheral for your phone. It is a standalone Windows 10 platform, and unlike the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive headsets, HoloLens has all of its processors built into the plastic that wraps around your head.
But while Apple and Nintendo are glancing at the tech, and Facebook is sticking to VR, Microsoft wants people to know that it is looking ahead to bringing you a world where Russell Wilson will stand in your living room.
Check it out:
https://youtu.be/oKqzeoMCU0c
When a Good Cause Gets Tainted
Posted on June 22, 2014 by Oscar Gonzalez
This June was an important month for Nintendo. At E3, they stole the show by showing that they, and the Wii U, weren't dead in the water. Prior to them winning the hearts of gamers across the globe at E3, they were in some hot water over a game that came out just a few days before. That game, Tomodachi Life, became the center of a world of drama that was not only unnecessary, but also filled with misguided rage spurred by professional antagonizers who hijacked a meaningful cause.
For those who don't know of the game, Tomadachi Life is the Nintendo equivalent to the Sims. Released in Japan in 2013, the game was revealed to be heading to the U.S. in the Nintendo Direct back in April:
In the game, your Mii is your avatar that will live a digital life. In the game, your Mii does all those real world tasks that you try to avoid so you can play more video games. Then comes the point when your Mii can get married.
And here comes the rub.
In the game, male Miis can only marry female Miis. That unfortunately leaves out a group of players who would prefer a same-sex marriage. Most people wouldn't bat an eye with the lack of same-sex marriage, and a few would chalk this up as another "well that's a shame" moment and go kick rocks. In the end, there are only a handful of games that do have some sort of homosexual love allowed, and while it may increase in the future, it's unlikely that a company that's a bit uptight, like Nintendo, would come around on this matter anytime soon.
However, there was a glimmer of hope. Last year, a glitch was discovered in the Japanese version of the game that would corrupt your saved game. Oh and it did a little thing by letting Miis of the same sex get married and even let men get pregnant. That glitch was just enough for some people to start asking Nintendo about adding same-sex marriage to the game. I mean if it can be glitched in, of course you can make it officially part of the game. That's how we got combos in the Street Fighter series after all. That glitch was soon patched by Nintendo because in the end, it was a glitch.
This is where Tye Marini comes in. In early May, he started a campaign called #Miiquality in hopes to persuade Nintendo into releasing a patch after the release of the game that would allow for same-sex marriage to happen. He made an earnest plea in his video about wanting to marry his real-life fiancee in the game and that by not getting married in the game, he would be missing out on gameplay that was available only to marry Miis. Most importantly, he didn't Nintendo.
#Miiquality from Tyeforce on Vimeo.
He understood that the game wouldn't come with the option for same-sex marriage, but maybe it could come in an update after game's release. Hell, he even recommended that people buy the game so that Nintendo makes a sequel that could include it.
Nintendo did decide to address the Miiquality campaign and gave this less than ideal response to the Associated Press:
"Nintendo never intended to make any form of social commentary with the launch of 'Tomodachi Life,'" Nintendo of America Inc. said in a statement. "The relationship options in the game represent a playful alternate world rather than a real-life simulation. We hope that all of our fans will see that 'Tomodachi Life' was intended to be a whimsical and quirky game, and that we were absolutely not trying to provide social commentary."
Now for rational adults, this simply means that Nintendo wanted to create a game without going into certain social matters because let's face it, it's Nintendo. You're about as likely to see them put gay issues in their games as you would see Mario tell Bowser to go "fuck off."
Due to this response from Nintendo, unfortunately, Tye Marini's campaign was soon to be hijacked.
The first to hijack was Samantha Allen who had this to say about Nintendo over at Polygon:
"Behind all the corporate jargon and flowery public-relations language lies hatred, pure and simple...The beating, bigoted heart of Nintendo's statement is this: Nintendo does not care about its lesbian, gay and bisexual audience...Nintendo made its choice today. And while the words in its statement distill down to the most basic form of hatred, the assumptions that inform that hatred are more troubling still."
This kind of language is complete overkill on the matter. For professional antagonizers like Samantha Allen, it becomes less about providing a well-thought-out case and more about simple name calling and hate to the people they think are their "oppressors." They would rather accuse a whole company to be bigoted and hateful to get a response from the company instead of appealing to the public's sense of fairness. Like I mentioned in a previous article, professional antagonizers have the motto of "DO IT OUR WAY OR ELSE!"
Another antagonizer is Ian Miles Cheong - Editor-in-Chief of Gameranx, an outlet that we reported had done their own form of propaganda in 2012 - wrote a piece for the Escapist Magazine that also had its share of accusatory language:
"The justification provided by Nintendo is flimsy at best, and arguably bigoted at worst."
After numerous complaints, aka about a dozen, Nintendo did offer an apology where they said they will make changes for future games:
"We apologize for disappointing many people by failing to include same-sex relationships in Tomodachi Life. Unfortunately, it is not possible for us to change this game's design, and such a significant development change can't be accomplished with a post-ship patch. At Nintendo, dedication has always meant going beyond the games to promote a sense of community, and to share a spirit of fun and joy. We are committed to advancing our longtime company values of fun and entertainment for everyone. We pledge that if we create a next installment in the Tomodachi series, we will strive to design a game-play experience from the ground up that is more inclusive, and better represents all players."
There you have it. Nintendo apologized and all is right in the world. Right?
Let me introduce you to Casey Malone and his review of Marion Kart 8 for Paste Magazine. Here's one choice piece from the review:
"The other notable omission is in the cast of characters' diversity. After 30 years there are still zero Mario characters of color, a problem that Mario Kart 8 highlights by lining up all the characters on a single screen. When it comes to human characters, Mario Kart 8 is overwhelmingly white. Of the 29 drivers, 14 are human (including Toad and Toadette), and every single one of them is white. While it'd be atypical of Nintendo to introduce new characters into a Mario Kart game, it's also where the deficit is the most obvious, and during play I found myself disappointed that Nintendo's stable of characters so painfully fails to reflect the diversity of its audience."
And where did this complaint about diversity come from? Check out the explanation from his Tumblr:
"After the recent conversation surrounding Tomodachi Life and after reading this article on race in Animal Crossing, maybe this stuff was on my mind, but I thought about what I saw on the screen, and formed the opinion 'Nintendo can do better than this.'"
That's right, it's time to jump on the "social justice bandwagon" because why wouldn't you review a game based on its own merits when instead you can judge a game based on criticism on another game by the developer.
So where are we now?
Well we're at a point where Nintendo is seemingly back in the good graces of gamers everywhere thanks to their showing at E3. They survived this backlash, but professional antagonizers are waiting to jump right in with their accusations. We're going to see more writers like Samantha Allen and Ian Miles Cheong who would rather bash and spew hate than activists like Tye Marini who offer calm and rational protesting. As the Civil Rights Movements has taught us, hatred towards the opressors always works when fighting for your rights.
Oh wait.
A deep, dark new adventure for your favourite handheld
Hello, I'm Luc Bernard. I'm the creative director, and art director, and — well — I look after many other roles on Reaper for PS Vita. Now, this is my first time doing a post on PlayStation Blog, so it may sound a bit all over the place!
I don't know if anyone remembers, but years ago Reaper was announced back in 2010 for PlayStation Portable. The title had to be put on hold for a while sadly, but now it's back. I'd say it's a great thing that I waited this long to resume development and show it to the world.
Reaper is a free-to-play title exclusive to PlayStation Vita. Personally, the Vita is my favourite portable system for many reasons, which I don't think I need to go into since you Vita owners already know them!
Now let's talk about the gameplay. Reaper is an action RPG platformer, so you'll be levelling up, pulling off combos, destroying enemies, and all this kind of things. But what makes it unique is the card system. Now don't worry, it's not like those mobile games that have cards where you can't do anything with them — these cards will actually be awesome, and there'll be different types:
Weapon and armour cards which will give you different weapons and armors each with their own unique abilities.
which will give you different weapons and armors each with their own unique abilities. Summons will be huge creatures that will damage everything on screen.
will be huge creatures that will damage everything on screen. Spells will allow you to cast fire, spines (Yes, I did say spines), and many other different things.
will allow you to cast fire, spines (Yes, I did say spines), and many other different things. Pets will follow you and attack nearby enemies, helping you.
At launch there'll be at least 100 different cards to collect, and of course with updates there will be more all the time.
Now for multiplayer, we are still thinking about how it will work, but I can assure you that, to me, a free-to-play game needs great features. So we'll keep you guys updated, but right now we're making sure the single player is amazing.
The story in Reaper has also been very important to me. I got inspired by many moments in my life while coming up with it. Actually, when I was thinking about it, it was during a dark period of my life when the woman who raised me passed away, and then while I was still working on the game my ex-wife also died. Reaper has a focus on what it is to lose important people in one's life, in different ways.
For example I want to show you Death's backstory, one of the main characters.
For as long as she can remember, Death has worked tirelessly to take the lives and souls of humans. Constantly ending the lives of innocents and corrupt alike began to take its toll on her and she soon grew lonely and depressed. Eventually, she fell in love with a mortal man. After much debate with her sisters, she chose to disobey them and granted her lover immortality and in doing so, created the first Reaper.
His newfound immortality and thirst for power corrupted him to the core and he soon left her. Death, heartbroken, was too devastated to continue her task. She withdrew from the world and hid herself away from everything and everyone. Discovering her failure to cull the human souls, her sisters captured her and grafted a sentient exoskeleton construct onto her body. With its power, her sisters enslaved her and forced her to return to her work.
Death reluctantly accepted her cursed fate and set out to make sure she would never make the same mistake again. Using all of her power and will, she began to create a massive army of Reapers to do her bidding. With her gift of power also came great loss. She took the reapers memories from them and bound them in mortal bodies, so none could ever leave her side. Now she has become a cold and bitter husk of her former self, eternally a slave to her dark task.
So that's all I can reveal for the moment. Hopefully at E3 you guys can see the game, and I'll update you again soon.
Josh Miller/CNET
There will be no happily ever after for T-Mobile and Sprint.
The nation's third- and fourth-largest wireless carriers, respectively, said on Saturday that they have ceased discussions about a possible merger. Up until a week ago, people in the industry and on Wall Street assumed the two would get together, forming a potentially stronger combined company to take on larger rivals Verizon Wireless and AT&T.
That's no longer happening.
The result is things are going back to the status quo, with four national carriers and a lot of competition -- but a large gap between the top two and bottom two main carriers.
But what does this mean for you? CNET breaks down the winners and losers from T-Mobile and Sprint walking away from each other.
Winner: Consumers
The last few years have seen a frenzy of activity from the carriers as they bend over backwards to win your business. From aggressive free iPhone offers to the move back to unlimited data, consumers have had it pretty good. You can credit a lot of that to aggressive moves by smaller carriers T-Mobile and Sprint. Sprint may have topped things by offering a free year of service.
A move to three carriers instead of four would have eased the competitive pressure and the need to keep prices low and promotions flowing. Also, one less company would have meant a lower likelihood of a game-changing move like going all-in on unlimited data or offering phones through a leasing model getting introduced.
"Although we think that a combination of T-Mobile and Sprint would not have led to higher wireless prices for US consumers, it could have prevented irrational competition," said Mark Stodden, an analyst at Moody's. "Now that the deal is off, we think prices could take another leg down as both Sprint and T-Mobile seek to boost scale relative to market leaders Verizon and AT&T."
Let the bargains begin!
Loser: Consumers
OK, hear me out, since there's a flip side to the argument. The combination of T-Mobile and Sprint's assets would've made for a really appealing network.
Buckle up, we're going to get a little technical: Thanks to the last wireless spectrum auction, T-Mobile has a strong stash of low-band radio airwaves, which are great for pushing a signal across long distances and through building walls. But low-band spectrum doesn't have a lot of capacity, so there's a limit to how fast your connection is.
Sprint, meanwhile, has its big stash of both low- and high-band spectrum, with the high-band particularly valuable to improving capacity. That's especially useful in big cities where you're surrounded by people all uploading selfies or streaming videos at the same time -- that high-band spectrum is a fat pipe that can handle all of that traffic.
Of course, the culture clash and lack of execution could have turned the combined company into a joke. It happened when Sprint merged with Nextel back in 2005. You can argue Sprint is still trying to recover from that disastrous move.
Winner: T-Mobile
T-Mobile was in a strong position before the merger talks began, with its customer growth outstripping the rest of the industry. That doesn't change with Sprint walking away.
T-Mobile's position let parent and German telecom giant Deutsche Telekom dictate a majority stake in the proposed combined company -- a point that Sprint parent and Japanese carrier SoftBank couldn't live with.
The company's growth has slowed a bit, but relative to its competitors, it remains a clear leader in winning new customers.
While T-Mobile misses out on the spectrum from Sprint, Newstreet Research analyst Jonathan Chaplin said the company has options, including partnering with Dish Network or the cable companies.
Loser: Sprint
Sprint was the last-place carrier hoping to get a leg-up by joining with T-Mobile. By going at it alone, the company faces the tough prospect of pouring more money into its network -- particularly as companies move to 5G. Sprint Chief Financial Officer Tarek Robbiati said he doesn't foresee any problems with raising money for capital upgrades, and SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son said Sprint would raise its capital expenditure to as much as $6 billion a year for the next few years.
"If they invest the capital required to deploy their spectrum they could be in a great position in a few years, but it will be a long wait," Chaplin warned. He downgraded his rating on the stock in the wake of the two splitting up.
Sprint also unveiled a reseller deal with cable provider Altice, which it touts as novel because they would each use the other's network assets. But Wall Street was underwhelmed by the partnership in the wake of a potential deal with T-Mobile.
JP Morgan analyst Phil Cusick said he expects Altice to launch a mobile offering in four to six quarters.
Loser: Verizon and AT&T
While the prospect of facing a stronger combined company would have been a potential long-term risk, Verizon and AT&T would have likely benefited from the near-term distraction of putting those two companies together.
Rather than focus on promotions and winning over customers, executives from both T-Mobile and Sprint would have to have turned their attention to the merger proceedings as well. Or a deal could have gone the disastrous Sprint-Nextel route, with Verizon and AT&T walking over their rival.
For now, all four carriers are on their own. Which means they all need to bring their A game.
The Smartest Stuff: Innovators are thinking up new ways to make you, and the things around you, smarter.
Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility.
Looking around at a lot of the other lists of the best “Treehouse of Horror” segments, like over at 11Points, IGN and more, “The Shinning” tops the lists. What is it about this rather simple parody, which does nothing more than insert the characters of The Simpsons into the narrative of The Shining, that makes it stand out? To brief, it's the strongest segment because of the characters nonchalance, it contains the full spectrum of bumbling characters and captures the audience so well.
By the sixth season of The Simpsons the writing team was fairly aware of who their audience was. As such they were able to cater to their sensibilities automatically without straining to reach demographics out of their reach. The crowd for The Simpsons is whip smart but not to the point of being intellectual, with a knowledge base primarily concerned with popular culture, so a popular art-house film like The Shining is certainly ripe for the picking.
By all occasions this segment should struggle to work. There is no change in the narrative, you're just replacing Jack Nicholson with Homer, the ghostly bartender for Moe and such. Surprisingly many of the jokes don't come at the expense of the film. They don't point out any fatal errors, rather they embrace the story and, because the characters are so well formed by themselves, everything just flows so organically that it's more of a character story than a parody of the film.
The style is of course mocked, so that impending sense of dread that drives the opening of Kubrick's film is used to open “The Shinning”, but the first gag is that, on such a long trip out, Homer keeps forgetting to lock the door (front at first, then back door the second time) resulting in having to turn around TWICE. The third trip up Lisa points out that Grandpa's missing, but Homer's begrudged look towards the finally approaching hotel means that he's not turning back, even for a family member. Homer's bumbling nature on display again.
As owner of the house, Mr. Burns shows them around, and it's not the fact that house was the site of Satanic ritual or lays on an Indian burial ground that disturbs Homer, it's that it was the host of several John Denver specials.
During their stay, Burns has decided to remove all temptation from Homer, as in his view Homer is there to care for the home, not laze around, but Smithers has some concerns:
Burns: Yes, by cutting off cable TV and the beer supply, I can ensure an honest winter's work out of those low-lives. Smithers: Sir, did you ever stop to think that [closes car trunk] maybe it was doing this that caused the previous caretakers to go insane and murder their families? Burns: Hmm…perhaps. Tell you what: we come back and everyone's slaughtered, I owe you a Coke.
It's typical of Burns' personality to belittle the lives of his workers in Capitalist fashion, so again this is just another character beat.
As Homer becomes wise to Burns' restrictions he begins to lose his mind, “No beer and no tv make Homer something something…” “Go crazy?” suggests Marge, carelessly. “Don't mind if I do!” Homer belts as he chases Marge around the house. Like the film, Homer's been ‘hallucinating,' but it's hard to say if the house is haunted or if it's in his head–this is carried just as well in this parody as it is in Kubrick's film.
Listen, I could go on as I have with the last episodes and detail the funniest parts of “The Shinning,” but everything is just such winning combination with this. It's funny, it doesn't soil the original, and gets some great use out of characters that were far from tiring yet. Homer was bumbling, but he wasn't without a brain, his nature was that he was lazy, not stupid. It's the strongest of the segments by far, and even today every time I watch it I laugh because it's still funny. The jokes are timeless and based off of the characterization that the writers–now pros with the characters–were able to take in quasi-realistic directions. It's simply the best of the best and encapsulates The Simpsons at it's strongest point; not trying to be anything, just trying to make us laugh.
Now, some great quotes from “The Shinning”
Moe: [through door] Homer? It's Moe. Uh, look: some of the ghouls and I are a little concerned the project isn't moving forward./Homer: Can't murder now: eating.
Marge: [into microphone] Hello, police? This is Marge Simpson. My husband is on a murderous rampage. Over./Wiggum: [sighs] Well thank God that's over. I was worried there for a second. [turns off radio]
Willie: Now look, boy: if your Dad goes gaga, you just use that…Shin of yours to call me and I'll come a running. But don't be reading my mind between four and five. That's Willie's time!
See all the segments here.
Advertisements
I've been having a lot of fun working on Linux over the last few months and continue to use it as one of my two daily drivers, but the realities of corporate VPN policies and the fact that even Ubuntu is not supported by most common corporate VPN clients forced me to pick up a Mac. Being the type of guy that likes to go big or not at all, I went for the 15” MacBook Pro. Take a look:
Sure it's not the absolute highest end Mac you can buy but it's by no means a slouch. Here are some thoughts after working with it for about two weeks.
The Good: The MacBook Pro has the best screen I've ever seen in any laptop in over a decade of being primarily a laptop user. The build quality is very good and the “Space Gray” gives it that “pro” feel I've found missing in Apple products for some time. While I've been pretty critical of the full-fledged (one might even say “courages” adoption of USB-C over USB3), I see the long-term value in having all your devices use a standard port for charging and data transfer, however, I question if Apple would be willing to have the iPhone adopt the standard as well in it's next iteration.
The Bad: While the MacBook Pro feels premium in practice its performance doesn't feel like the nearly $3,000 I paid for it. Knowing that it doesn't run Kaby Lake may be part of my problem and certainly for that amount of money, I'd like to at least have the option of more than 16GB of RAM. Also, the price jump between storage configurations feels a lot like gouging. All in all, the worst part of this machine is the price tag and feeling that you have “SUCKER” painted on your forehead when you compare the price to the specs.
The Ugly: I've developed Mac apps and iOS apps for a long time and in the past I've be skeptical of Apple's additions to both platforms. In most cases, I've been forced to at least concede that some users may like some features. This simply is not the case for the TouchBar. Try as I might to find a productive and interesting use for it over it's classic function row predecessor, I'm left feeling like I am holding what in ten years will be a curiosity of Apple hardware design history that is unlikely to be widely adopted by developers let alone repeated in other product lines. I also can't help but feel that the TouchBar is at least partially responsible for the hefty price tag.
Overall, the MacBook Pro is a fine tool and it does a job that I need done. If you're looking to fall in love with a device, you're in the wrong place. However, if you are like me and consider your machines tools to do work on (much a like a carpenter might look at a particular table saw or hammer), then you're likely going to get some return on your investment and be happy in the end.
The four players with the most impressive serve statistics since records were first kept in 1991 are Ivo Karlovic, John Isner, Milos Raonic and Andy Roddick.
That list makes total sense. What you may not realize is who is fifth.
It's Nick Kyrgios.
Kyrgios ended 2016 with his career best Emirates ATP Ranking at No. 13, winning three ATP World Tour titles in Marseille, Atlanta and Tokyo, going 39-15 on the season.
An Infosys ATP Beyond The Numbers analysis of the enigmatic 21-year-old Australian reveals he is already establishing himself as one of the best servers in the history of our sport.
Kyrgios is ranked fifth in SERVE LEADERS on the ATP Serve Stats LEADERBOARDS, which is calculated using the percentages of the following six categories.
ATP Serve Stats LEADERBOARDS components
1st serve percentage
1st serve points won
2nd serve points won
Service games won
Add average aces/match
Subtract average double faults
The following table shows Kyrgios' performance and ranking in the 2016 season in all six serve LEADERBOARD categories.
Kyrgios' 2016 Season: Serve Statistics / Ranking
Strategy Percentage 2016 Ranking 1st Serve Percentage 66.4% 4th 1st Serve Points Won 76.0% 13th 2nd Serve Points Won 55.1% 8th Service Games Won 88.7% 5th Average Aces/Match 13.8 4th Average Double Faults/Match 2.9 34th
MORE: Kyrgios' Second Serve Improvements
The beauty of the serve LEADERBOARDS is that it lets you compare identical metrics over different seasons, providing real numbers to some interesting questions. For example, did Kyrgios put up better numbers in 2016 than Pete Sampras put up in his prime? Once again, the answer will surprise you.
From 1993 to 1998, Sampras finished No. 1 in the world in the Infosys Year-end No. 1 LEADERBOARD. Only one of those years, in 1997, did he put up a higher season average than Kyrgios did this season.
Kyrgios / Pete Sampras Serve Leaderboard Comparison
Year Player Serve LEADERBOARD Percentage 1997 Pete Sampras 298.2 2016 Nick Kyrgios 297.1 1996 Pete Sampras 295.5 1998 Pete Sampras 288.7 1995 Pete Sampras 287.6 1993 Pete Sampras 288.5 1994 Pete Sampras 286.3
Overall, Kyrgios is fifth best on the Infosys Career Serving LEADERBOARD, ahead of some players that are widely renowned for their prowess serving. The following table compares the young Australian with some of the best server's our sport has ever seen.
Career Serve LEADERBOARD Rating / Ranking
Ranking Player Serve LEADERBOARD Rating 5 Nick Kyrgios 290.7 6 Wayne Arthurs 290.4 7 Roger Federer 289.8 8 Pete Sampras 288.6 11 Richard Krajicek 286.8 12 Rafael Nadal 283.8 14 Greg Rusedski 283.0 15 Novak Djokovic 282.3 17 Goran Ivanisevic 281.8 18 Mark Philippoussis 281.6 20 Juan Martin del Potro 280.1 24 Boris Becker 278.0 32 Michael Stich 276.2
Saving Break Points
In winning three titles in 2016, Kyrgios greatly impressed with the quantity of break points he saved in Tokyo and Atlanta, and how few break points he faced in winning Marseille. Overall, opponents only converted four of 35 (11 per cent) of break points they generated in the three events combined, which is well below the 31 per cent season average.
Kyrgios: 3 ATP World Tour Titles in 2016
Marseille: saved 4/4 break points.
saved 4/4 break points. Atlanta: saved 10/12 break points.
saved 10/12 break points. Tokyo: saved 17/19 break points.
Kyrgios is a serving machine. The returning side of the equation is where the focus needs to be for 2017. He is ranked 53rd on the Infosys Return Leaders LEADERBOARD, including being just 62nd best on tour in return points won against 1st serves.
His backhand return technique, in particular, is exemplary, with an extremely efficient, short blocking motion. There is no reason returning won't develop into a statistical strength as well, and once it does, a future No. 1 ranking beckons.
While Media Promote Claim Of Equal Influence, The Koch Bros. Outspend Steyer By Huge Margins October 17, 2014 3:56 PM EDT ››› Blog ›››››› OLIVER WILLIS
Conservative financiers Charles and David Koch have spent far more to influence the 2014 midterm elections than progressive activist Tom Steyer, yet for months media outlets have equated the two.
The New York Times Magazine reports that Steyer's pledge of $50 million to his group NextGen Climate "has a long way to go to catch up with the Koch brothers, whose own group, Americans for Prosperity, already has political operations in every state that Steyer is contesting, along with 28 others." The Times notes that Americans for Prosperity (AFP) claims that it will spend $125 million this year.
Further reporting from NBC News found that the constellation of groups backed by the Kochs -- Americans for Prosperity, Freedom Partners, Concerned Veterans for America, and Generational Opportunity - have so far outspent NextGen Climate at a rate of "nearly 6 to 1."
NBC also points out that its tally does not including spending during primary season, when Koch groups were "bombarding Democratic incumbents on health care."
Despite this, for months media outlets have used inaccurate reasoning to suggest that the Kochs' spending is balanced by Steyer's. Much of the money the Kochs have spent on advertising has been through 501(c)(4) non-profits, which are not subject to the same campaign expenditure disclosure laws that super PACs like NextGen Climate are. The Kochs are reportedly putting more money into their own PAC, Freedom Partners Action Fund, but long after having spent millions in "dark" money via their non-profits.
Steyer has given several on the record interviews about his philanthropy, speaking to the Times and other news outlets about why he is trying to influence the election (he has challenged the Kochs to a public debate on climate change). By contrast, the Kochs are very tight-lipped, usually speaking through their corporate PR website, Kochfacts, or in a Wall Street Journal editorial complaining about criticism from Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV).
The Times Magazine piece also highlights the symbiotic relationship between the companies owned by the Kochs and their political donations. Georgia Pacific, a Koch-owned paper company, benefited from changes to environmental regulations in Florida under Republican governor Rick Scott. As the Times notes, "Scott's deregulatory efforts did not go unnoticed. Americans for Prosperity invited Scott to speak at the group's Defending the Dream summit in 2013." Americans for Prosperity is also now phone banking and canvassing for Gov. Scott in his campaign against former Gov. Charlie Crist (D), whose administration supported environmental regulation and enforcement opposed by Georgia Pacific.
While the Times article gets to the heart of the Koch's massive spending, other media outlets have been missing the big picture for months.
On the May 14 edition of Fox News' The Five, co-host Eric Bolling minimized the differences between the level of support coming from Steyer and the Kochs, asking, "What's the difference?" Co-host Greg Gutfeld later added that "all politicians have rich friends, and shouting about it is like shaking your fist at a volcano. It doesn't do any good." Both Bolling and co-host Kimberly Guilfoyle dismissed co-host Bob Beckel's contention that the Kochs had underwritten an array of right-wing groups.
The Washington Times said in April that Steyer's planned spending had the Kochs "looking like cheapskates in the political field," and cited the donations made by their company Koch Industries to claim only $18 million in spending from 1989 to 2013. This glossed over the spending from the Koch's outside groups, which was estimated at over $400 million for the 2012 election.
In June, CNN also drew an equivalence between Steyer and the Kochs, failing to note the wide disparity in election spending.
Norwich City transfer rumours: Canaries launch £7m bid for Britt Assombalonga
Nottingham Forest's Britt Assombalonga has been touted with a £7m move to Norwich City. Picture: Mike Egerton/PA Wire. PA Wire
Norwich City have targeted Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga, with the Canaries making a reported £7m enquiry for the Reds' hitman.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The Sun claim on Monday Alex Neil is interested in the forward and Norwich have launched a bid for the striker, who had a prolific spell at the City Ground cut short by a long term injury lay-off.
The powerful frontman scored the winner in Nottingham Forest's final Championship game of last season - in only his fourth senior outing of the campaign - after a 14-month lay-off for a broken kneecap. Prior to that spell on the sidelines the 23-year-old had smashed 15 goals in 32 games in the second tier after a big-money £5.5m move from Peterborough United - including the equaliser in Norwich's 2-1 Championship defeat in the East Midlands in November 2014.
Norwich were heavily touted with both Dwight Gayle and Steven Fletcher earlier in the summer before both moved onto Championship rivals Newcastle United and Sheffield Wednesday respectively.
Neil has Cameron Jerome, who signed a longer term Carrow Road deal this summer, along with Kyle Lafferty and Ricky van Wolfswinkel as his senior strikers but both Lafferty and van Wolfswinkel have barely featured under the Scot.
City have yet to make any fresh signings but are in talks with Liverpool starlet Sergi Canos over a reported £2.5m deal, plus add-ons.
John Healy is most famous as author of The Grass Arena, a stunning autobiography that earned him Britain 's the most prestigious non-fiction prize, the J.R. Ackerly Award. He's most infamous as the author that threatened death by axe to the Faber & Faber executives that first published the book. Since then, he's fought to gain back a place in the literary world and recognition for his life's work.
Healy, one of five children to Irish immigrant parents, struggled as a youth in London to fit in. Bullied by peers for being Irish and beaten by his father for perceived weakness, Healy turned toward drink. He found himself in the convivial if deeply dangerous company of other Irish winos, haunting London 's parks and meagre private spaces. In the movie, interviews with other ex-winos and friends of Healy's show that it was a demanding but inclusive London sub-culture, created by the vagrant laws but with the allure of acceptance.
Fifteen years later, Healy was in prison and sharing a cell with Harry Collins, the Brighton Fox. Collins taught him chess, and Healy's obsession turned from drink to the game. After his release, Healy took up chess professionally and over the course of his career, won 11 international awards. Just as in his literary career, phenomenal intellectual ability and almost unprecedented natural skill was edged with a charismatic roughness. In the early 90s, Faber & Faber published The Grass Arena, launching him into literary superstardom. Not long after, his threat got him blackballed, and his work was unpublishable. Almost two decades after that altercation, Healy's work is back in print by Penguin Classics, and he's still clawing for the career he dreams of.
The feature documentary, crafted from four years of footage, is a moving collection of glimpses. At turns we see Healy's worn hands clench and unclench and the crevasses of his face catch the deep shadows in stark bulb light as he shuffles alone through London . Through these shots, we understand Healy as the isolated, endearing, defensive and ultimately surviving figure we hoped he'd be.
The film focuses on accurately representing Healy and his current situation, linking to the past but focused on his present. It doesn't concern itself much with being beautiful or following a narrative arc, but for that it suffers only moderately. At the outset, the audience is told that the movie is intended to capture Healy's persona and show a certain truth about him. This it manages, through a series of fantastic interviews and beautifully intimate moments. In the early scenes, we see Healy's reluctance to confront the camera handled deftly, which is necessary to understanding his treatment throughout the film. A remarkable conversation between Healy and Erwin James, friend, fellow writer and ex-lifer, on Brighton Beach also helps pull the first bit of the movie along. James mentions that it was Healy's book that inspired him to write. Towards the end, Healy reminisces about Ireland and his childhood there with family, and we're all caught in his raptures.
Parts of Barbaric Genius are clumsy, like the soundtrack music, the television montage interludes, and an extended cringe-worthy shot of Healy practicing yoga. While most of Barbaric Genius has the aesthetic of either a home movie or a nature documentary, in these scenes it feels more like an art student's attempt at elegance and drama. That being said, the bulk of the movie is an earnest and insightful portrayal of an almost-forgotten icon. It only flounders when it strays from that goal. Though not cinematic, it's an interesting and worthwhile watch.
Barbaric Genius is out now, currently showing at the Odeon in Panton Street. For more details go to odeon.co.uk.
Angry mob goes after games when media misleads them
Yesterday, the mainstream media sunk to a new low in its rush to build the latest death circus. Following a horrific school shooting in a Connecticut kindergarten, news sources -- chiefly CNN -- jumped to dangerous speculation, with reporters going so far as to to publicize the killer's Facebook account.
Unfortunately, it was the wrong Facebook account. Somewhere along the line, people had confused killer Adam Lanza with his brother Ryan, and so several social network profiles with the name of the wrong man were being shared and vilified online. Meanwhile, one of the Ryan Lanzas had to deal with losing his brother (and mother, who was teaching at the school), and found himself accused of murder in a public spectacle.
However, Ryan Lanza was not the only person wrongfully targeted by the media. After discovering his Facebook page, CNN's audience noticed Ryan had "liked" Mass Effect, and that tenuous link was enough to kickstart a witch hunt.
Ironically, after being inspired to stupidity by bad media influences, a bunch of dribbling idiots went to attack a game for being a bad media influence.
[Image via Mashable]
"Good job guys, you have blood on your hands that won't wash off," claimed one person. Others called for the game -- one of the least controversial in terms of in-game violence -- to be banned. One person even wanted the developers to be banned somehow, as punishment for, "Creating such sickness."
It's safe to assume none of these attackers actually know what the game is about, and didn't bother finding out before they accused it of "promoting evil" and claimed the employees of BioWare need to, "Burn in Hell." Long after it came to pass that news sources had screwed up and outed the wrong person, the moral guardians of Facebook continued their assault. Once they sniff blood, the truth no longer matters.
Right now, the Mass Effect page is flooded by support from fans who have done a good job of swallowing up misguided abuse with rationality and reason. Meanwhile, it seems the wolves have begun to slink off and find something else to lash out at.
Naturally, other news sources went for the blanket approach when finding anything other than the killer to blame for the killings. FOX News brought on alleged analyst Dr. Keith Ablow to claim reality TV and Facebook have reduced our ability to empathize, before saying, "I guess you could add gaming to that, computer games."
All during this blame game, the hand-wringing television pundits fail to realize that, through all of this, THEY are the media that seem to inspire a lack of empathy while turning tragedy into a sideshow. THEY are the ones glorifying this type of violence by talking about it 24/7 with dramatic recreations, fevered dissemination of any minuscule bit of information, and an obsessive focus on the killer's life.
When I think about being out of touch with reality, I don't think of gamers, I think of the kind of person who'd tell a game developer to "Burn in Hell" because a wrongfully accused "gunman" happened to like a videogame on Facebook. When I think of a lack of empathy, I think of scores of imbeciles callously blaming innocent people for the deaths of children, just because they made a product that the assumed killer happened to enjoy at one time.
But the "newsmakers" who wrongfully accused somebody of an awful crime, and inspired their audiences to start harassing innocent people with an onslaught of truly vile insults, will continue to sit in their glass houses, gleefully throwing stones at everybody else while refusing to take a look at their own grimy role in the sleazy carnival of murder. After all, idiots who are quick to hold "the media" to account seem consistently unable to hold the media they consume to the same level of scrutiny, so the likes of FOX and CNN never have to feel responsible for the shit they perpetuate.
With that in mind ... I guess we'll do this again in a few months.
Fucking hell.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Demonstrators protest the killing of unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in August 2014. Reuters/Adrees Latif
Police-worn body cameras may be necessary, but we still need citizens who are brave enough to capture video of conflict.
On October 14, 2007, a middle-aged man was growing irate at the arrivals terminal of the Vancouver International Airport. Robert Dziekanski had been stuck in the airport for 10 hours with a visa problem, unable to find his older mother. He couldn't speak English—couldn't speak any language other than Polish. So, frustrated or delirious, he had begun throwing furniture to the ground. Four members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police arrived to investigate the commotion. One of them gave Dziekanski an instruction in English. It's unclear whether he complied, and it hardly mattered: Less than 25 seconds after getting to the scene, Corporal Benjamin Robinson, the senior officer present, ordered his team to use a stun gun on Dziekanski. The police tased Dziekanski five times. He screamed, collapsed, and writhed on the floor. Instead of letting him sit up to catch his new breath, the officers forced his face against the ground as they tried to handcuff him. He resisted, then stopped fighting. When paramedics arrived minutes later, they could not revive him. Dziekanski's heart had stopped.
A couple hundred feet away, a Canadian named Paul Pritchard was recording the incident on his phone. His video—which was confiscated by police, and which he only reclaimed through litigation—did not match the police report. The police and Pritchard's video were so different as to resemble alternate worlds. The police had claimed three men approached Dziekanski. The video showed four. The police had claimed that Dziekanski was reaching for something on a desk when he was tased, as if preparing to assault the officers. The video showed he wasn't. The police said they couldn't have pepper-sprayed Dziekanski, as too many other people were nearby. The video showed that a plexiglass wall separated Dziekanski and the officers from anyone else in the airport. The video made a difference. Just last month, Benjamin Robinson was found guilty of perjury. * * * Three days ago, a local newspaper in South Carolina reported the police explanation for the shooting death of an unarmed black man, Walter Scott, as he fled from a routine traffic stop in the town of North Charleston. From The Post and Courier: A statement released by North Charleston police spokesman Spencer Pryor said a man ran on foot from the traffic stop and an officer deployed his department-issued Taser in an attempt to stop him. That did not work, police said, and an altercation ensued as the men struggled over the device. Police allege that during the struggle the man gained control of the Taser and attempted to use it against the officer. The officer then resorted to his service weapon and shot him, police alleged. The Post and Courier also quoted a confused cousin of Scott's: "He's not a violent guy—never seen him argue with anybody. I just can't see it," Samuel Scott told the paper.
Then, on Tuesday, both The Post and Courier and The New York Times obtained videos of the shooting. They showed a different story. The video shows the officer, Michael T. Slager, shooting Scott as he runs away. Slager does not start firing—eight times, at Scott's back—until Scott is fleeing. The video then shows Slager dropping an object on Scott's body. It isn't clear whether this object is a stun gun. Finally, the video shows sets of officers arriving on the scene in the minutes after the shooting, and it shows none of them attempting CPR. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... On Tuesday evening, Slager was charged with murder. * * * In the past year, after the killings of Michael Brown and Tamir Rice, many police departments and police reformists have agreed on the necessity of police-worn body cameras. Body cams seem to be good for everyone. By creating a better record of officer-citizen interactions, the argument goes, they protect cops from unfounded accusations and give citizens a kind of justice insurance policy. But the most powerful cameras aren't those on officer's bodies. They're those wielded by bystanders. Unknown cameramen and women bore witness, at unknown risk to themselves. We don't yet know who shot these videos of Slager, who carried these tools of witness. But unknown cameramen and women lived out high democratic ideals: They watched a cop kill someone, shoot recklessly at someone running away, and they kept the camera trained on the cop. They were there, on an ordinary, hazy Saturday morning, and they chose to be courageous. They bore witness, at unknown risk to themselves. Which isn't to say that civilian-held cameras are always effective at securing a conviction. Despite the fact that the world can now see Eric Garner being killed by an illegal chokehold—despite the fact that New York City Police Department banned chokeholds years ago—film of the incident did not result in the officer, Daniel Pantaleo, being charged. But thanks to the efforts of Ramsey Orta, who filmed Garner's death, we know. "We have been talking about police brutality for years. And now, because of videos, we are seeing just how systemic and widespread it is," tweeted Deray McKesson, an activist in Ferguson, after the videos emerged Tuesday night. "The videos over the past seven months have empowered us to ask deeper questions, to push more forcefully in confronting the system." "Pics or it didn't happen" is a terrible motto for a justice system. Nor can accountability for police officers rely on someone always standing nearby with a smartphone. But the process of ascertaining the truth of the world has to start somewhere. A video is one more assertion made about what is real. Today, through some unknown hero's stubborn internal choice to witness instead of flee, to press record and to watch something terrible unfold, we have one more such assertion of reality. This post originally appeared on The Atlantic.
The Hong Kong police have given the students that have occupied Admiralty an ultimatum: they must leave before 11 am today. Whoever stays will be arrested.
Apparently the students have decided to comply. They are dismantling their tents, saying goodbye to the ' Umbrella City ' they have created. The images of the occupation - a symbol of civil disobedience - will remain in the collective memory, just as those of the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy movement did. The power of those images and ideas is stronger than the short-term failure of the protesters' political objectives.
Rumours had been going around for weeks that the police would soon clear the sites of the protests. On the evening of December 1st I met a friend of mine. I hadn't seen her for a year. We went to a cafe' called Kubrick, in Yau Ma Tei. We talked a lot, and Occupy Central was one of our topics - it seemed impossible not to mention this issue when conversing with a Hongkonger, a proof of how passionate the people of Hong Kong are about the future destiny of their home city. After chatting for a few hours, we went back to the MTR station. It was raining outside, and it was suddenly colder. We said goodbye.
I was happy to have met her again, and I felt somewhat energised. But I couldn't leave Hong Kong without seeing Occupy Central for the last time. Although it was late and the weather was bad, I went to Admiralty. There was hardly anyone on the street but me. I walked around the tents, the heavy rain pouring on me. A gloomy atmosphere enshrouded the usually lively and colourful encampment of the students. Only a few of them ventured out of their tents that night. It was about 3 am. Everything was quiet. As I walked along Cotton Tree Drive towards Wan Chai, I said goodbye to the students - those who were sleeping in the tents, braving the cold, and those who were at home.
Occupy Central has made Hong Kong more beautiful than ever, giving its citizens passion, freeing their creativity, inspiring them. This 74-day long protest has shown the good side of Hong Kong, of which its people can be proud. Unluckily, the sad, boring, conformity-minded Communist government and its Hong Kong allies are triumphing again: greed, suspicion, fear is their way, a worldview hardly compatible with the spontaneity, freedom and idealism of the students.
Occupy Central may have not accomplished its goals. But it has won a great victory. It has touched the hearts of thousands - if not millions - of people who have seen this movement unfold, who have witnessed the enthusiasm, fervour and solidarity of the citizens of Hong Kong.
Tomorrow - when the traces of the occupation have been removed and the cars have reconquered the streets - Occupy Central will be history. Yes, it will be history, like the May 4th movement and the Tiananmen Square movement. It will be an indelible part of our collective memory for generations to come, and the seeds of change it has sown will grow.
Goodbye, Occupy Central
Below a gallery of the pictures I took during the protests
My interview of Edward Snowden, conducted remotely in front of an audience at the New Yorker Festival, was a chance to pose not just my own questions but also those that have been raised by his fiercest critics. One of his most interesting answers was his explanation for why he had decided to flee the United States. A number of detractors have suggested that if Snowden, who disclosed controversial top-secret N.S.A. programs to reporters, truly wanted to commit an act of civil disobedience for reasons of conscience, then he should have faced the legal consequences, making his case to the American public while standing trial at home.
When I asked why he didn't take this route, Snowden said that because of the way national-security laws have been interpreted since September 11, 2001, he believed that the government had deprived him, and other whistle-blowers, of ever having the opportunity to make their cases in this time-honored tradition. Instead of being allowed to make his arguments in an open, public court, he said, his lawyers were told that the government would close the court for national-security reasons. (When asked to comment, a Justice Department spokesman would say only, “It remains our position that Mr. Snowden should return to the United States and face the charges filed against him. If he does, he will be accorded full due process and protections.”)
Snowden said that he would “love” to return to the United States and stand trial, if he could be assured that it would be open and fair. He said, “I have told the government again and again in negotiations that if they're prepared to offer an open trial, a fair trial, in the same way that Daniel Ellsberg got, and I'm allowed to make my case to the jury, I would love to do so. But they've declined.”
Instead, Snowden said, “They want to use special procedures. They want a closed court. They want to use something called the Classified Information [Procedures] Act.”
Snowden pointed out that in other post-9/11 whistle-blower cases, such as those of the former N.S.A. employee Thomas Drake, the government invoked national-security concerns in order to keep the public from fully hearing the basis of his arguments. (I covered Drake's case, and remember well the stifling secrecy surrounding the proceedings; in the end, the serious charges were dropped in return for Drake pleading guilty to a single misdemeanor.) National security became, in essence, a form of legal censorship, blocking communication between the accused and the American public. With no assurance that he could make his case to the American public at home, Snowden said that he instead has found himself, ironically, in Russia, a state not exactly known for its defense of civil liberties.
I asked him what he missed about the United States. “The question is, What don't I miss?” Snowden replied. “It's a great country.”
Edward Snowden: The Final Check on Abuse of Power Is Whistle-Blowing
Edward Snowden: The Game Plan for the N.S.A. Leak
Senate Punts CISA Vote Into September
from the didn't-have-the-votes dept
Senators are heading home for the August recess without voting on the cybersecurity bill.
Lawmakers worked for days on an agreement about which amendments to include on the cyber bill, but Senate leaders pulled the plug at the last minute on a vote scheduled first for 10:30 a.m, then for 2 p.m. Then they decided to skip town.
Under the deal senators struck Wednesday afternoon, the cyber bill will come up again in September after recess, and 21 Democratic and Republican amendments will receive votes.
Well, that's interesting. Based on all of the talk this week, it was expected that there would be a vote today in the Senate on the faux cybersecurity CISA bill -- but it didn't happen . Business concluded and everyone went home for the month without a vote, meaning it won't be taken up until September, at the earliest. According to Kaveh Waddell at the National Journal:It's not entirely clear why the delay happened. Some have suggested it had to do with concern over some of those 21 amendments, but it might also mean that there really aren't the votes that CISA supporters were hoping for. After all, the hope had been to try to "sneak" CISA through when people weren't paying attention, but civil liberties and privacy advocates have been quite active again (and, I'm sure, will continue to be). Either way, the fight to block such a bad piece of legislation goes on, but it's good to see that the actual vote has been delayed for now...
Filed Under: cisa, cybersecurity, senate
They are bitter political rivals today, but GOP front-runner Donald Trump once donated thousands of dollars to the Rev. Al Sharpton's National Youth Movement and did personal favors for him, National Review reports. The pair's relationship appears to have begun in the late 1980s when Trump was trying to increase interest in his Atlantic City businesses. The two were introduced by boxing promoter Don King."I wanted Sharpton to meet this guy because he was a giant in the business community and a giant in the human community," King told National Review. "Trump was a white ally — and he was one of distinction and renown in the business world."The website quoted a source close to Sharpton as saying that Trump gave Sharpton "anywhere between $20,000 and $150,000" for his National Youth Movement, which became the National Action Network, and for his activism.He also helped Sharpton's mistress get into an apartment she wouldn't have qualified for based on her income, another source said."Donald didn't own this building," the source said. "But Sharpton asked if he could get his 'friend,' who didn't have credit standards, into the building. Donald accommodated."Sharpton told National Review he never received any financial support from Trump, though other sources said Trump continued helping Sharpton even through the Tawana Brawley case and a 67-count indictment that he used his organization's funding for personal use."I don't think we were close," Sharpton said. "We were relational."But National Review quotes a 2004 article in The Guardian in which Sharpton, then running for president himself, said he considered singer James Brown a mentor "alongside other prominent figures such as lawyer Johnny Cochran and Donald Trump, as a political supporter."Trump's office declined to comment for the story, National Review reported. But Mediaite noted that Trump addressed his relationship with Sharpton during a Fox News interview in December."I know [Sharpton] very well, and I've always gotten along with him, to be honest with you," he said. "There are those who say [Sharpton] likes Trump a lot. . . . Al's a con man. He knows it. I know it. Don King knows it, his friend, who I go to with fights with — with Al. And they all know it."Sharpton feels it's the other way around, according to one National Review source."This guy is either playing the Right or playing us, whatever worked for him," the source said. "And Sharpton felt it was very cynical and was personally offended that [Trump] would be so cavalier."
The streaming giant has been attempting to negotiate greater accesss to the huge Chinese market for several years.
Blocked by regulators from setting up shop within China's massive entertainment market, Netflix has instead signed a licensing deal with one of its most powerful local counterparts in the country.
The global streaming giant said Tuesday that it has reached a content agreement with Beijing-based video service iQiyi. The deal was revealed Tuesday during the kickoff to APOS, an industry conference held annually in Bali, Indonesia.
"China is an important market for obvious reasons; it's also a challenging market for obvious reasons," said Robert Roy, Netflix's vice president of content acquisition. "Right now what we will do is look to license content into China. We closed a deal with iQiyi, which is exciting."
"For us, it does a couple of things," Roy added. "It gets our content distribution into the territory and builds awareness of the Netflix brand and Netflix content."
Netflix declined to share additional details of the deal, including which Netflix originals will be hitting the China market and when. But it's understood that the service soon will make some Netflix originals available via iQiyi day-and-date with the rest of the world. (iQiyi later said shows included in the deal include are Black Mirror, Stranger Things, Mindhunter, BoJack Horseman and Ultimate Beastmaster.)
When asked by THR if full entry into the China market was something the company was still pursuing, Roy added: "We'd love to have direct relationship in China, and it's just a matter of when and how, and that's something that we're trying to figure out over time."
iQiyi, a subsidiary of Chinese search giant Baidu, began as an advertising-supported video platform, but it is in the process of transitioning to a subscription model similar to Netflix. Video streaming is among the most fiercely contested areas of the Chinese entertainment landscape. iQiyi is believed to have the strongest subscriber base and content portfolio in the market, but its deep-pocketed rivals include Tencent Video and Youku Tudou, owned by e-commerce giant Alibaba.
Strict protectionism by Beijing regulators has prevented Netflix and Amazon from entering the huge Chinese content arena; the territory is among the handful of countries where the two U.S. streaming powerhouses are not yet active. On an earnings call late last year, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings conceded that a full China launch was unlikely in the near term, and that the company would focus on licensing for now.
Netflix achieved some early licensing success in China with House of Cards, which became a viral phenomenon through a deal with local service Sohu. The show was even known to Chinese president Xi Jinping, who once joked about it during a press event. It was later pulled from local streaming services by regulators.
Today proved to be a historic day for Somerset County Cricket Club.
For the first time since 1999, the county's Cooper Associates County Ground played host to international cricket as England took on South Africa in the second of three T20 internationals.
England had not played at Taunton since the 1983 World Cup, when they overcame Sri Lanka, and the match saw the homecoming of Jos Buttler, who began his career with Somerset.
But there was to be no happy ending for the majority of the 12,500 capacity crowds, as South Africa edged out their hosts by just three runs in a thrilling match.
England looked to be cruising during their chase of 175 with Jason Roy and Jonny Bairstow well set, but when Bairstow holed out and Roy was controversially given out for obstructing the field, the tide turned in the Proteas' favour.
Liam Dawson needed to hit a four off the final ball to win the match for England, but swung and missed as South Africa levelled the T20 series at 1-1.
The series decider takes place in Cardiff on Sunday.
Here was a historic day from Taunton as it unfolded.
If KitGuru had known that nVidia would be announcing weekly price cuts, we would have hired an intern to write these stories. The GTX460 is easily the most popular of the Fermi cards released so far, so why another price cut? KitGuru empties the bins around nVidia's HQ in Theale, looking for an answer.
This time last year, nVidia's sales force were overheard telling customers that it was time for AMD employees to update their CVs, because ‘Fermi is coming'. While that career advice might have been a little premature, Fermi is now starting to prove its worth and it's beginning to provide a viable alternative to the AMD Radeon HD 5000 series in the DX11 space. But are the new, affordable, Fermi products coming to market too slowly?
Over the last 2 weeks, we have seen Black-Ops marketing taken to new levels by both AMD and nVidia.
Normally, new graphics drivers are carefully scanned to ensure that no unreleased product names are contained in the code. nVidia's latest driver showed that it's finally ready to launch the 420 etc products that KitGuru publicised back in May. In the same month, AMD went one step further by ‘driver announcing' that it has a complete new generation of cards ready to go – the Northern Islands refresh to the 5000 series.
Right now, Jen Hsun Huang (CEO) and Jay Puri (VP Sales) must be utterly conflicted. Looking at the massive Steam Power Stats Survey, nVidia is sitting on 59% of the overall graphics market space. Now that's a figure any company would be proud of.
At the same time, nVidia positions itself as a technology leader, which means it wants to be doing best in the newer markets. As August drew to a close, the independent Steam Powered DX11 statistics read 87% Radeon and 13% GeForce. With these publicly available numbers to chew on, how did we think nVidia's head honchos would react?
Looking closely at the Steam Powered data, the majority of the people buying DX11 are those with existing DX9 cards. To us, this means a gamer who's upgrading to a complete, next generation rig, which they will hang onto for a good while. That's a lot of sales revenue gone and no easy chance to re-sell into the same user for a couple of years. nVidia is ambitious and wants a bigger slice of that DX11 pie.
One thing that looks set to help is the launch of the GTS450 product, which we predicted would be in stores on 14th September (Flags of our Predictions – back at the start of July). That prediction is still looking safe.
So will the new launch be enough for Jen Hsun and Jay? Not Likely. What else might they do to try and gain parity in the DX11 market?
Something surprising? You bet!
When we just heard from our Far East nVidia sources that another $20 price cut has been made to the GTX460. KitGuru was shocked.
Cutting the price of the GTX470 seemed an obvious move, because it was simply not competitive against the HD 5850 at launch. The same is true for the high-end GTX480 price cuts.
But with the apparently popular GTX460 already down around the £145 mark (with sales tax), in the UK and USA, the landing spot for pricing on the GTS450 product has become very small. Think ‘Eagle landing on moon' small.
KitGuru originally predicted that the GTS450 cards would be in the £99 to £129 range – depending on clock speed and memory. If the GTX460 drops to £130 or less in the next week or so, then we have to say the £129 upper limit for the GTS450 is looking unlikely. It's too close. No one would pay £129 for a GTS450 when they can have a GTX460 for the same money.
Normally, a graphics company would want the biggest sensible price gap between each product and, certainly, when a new product is launching the last thing you do is drop a much faster product down in price, to sit right next to it. Interesting times!
KitGuru says: We really don't understand this price cut. Sure, it represents great value to KitGuru readers who were interested in the GTX460, but were looking for a bit more value. It also makes GTX460 SLi very attractive, but the GTS450 is also supposed to be followed by a slightly quicker GTS455 (GTX460 fall out part). If that happens, where can it possibly slide into this product stack? We are really asking.
Intelligent explanations welcome below, we stand ready to be educated on the intricacies of product placement.
Pitch your startup for a chance at a pass to the final interview for admission to DreamIt NY's 2015 Accelerator!
DreamIt's accelerator programs clear the way for the brightest, high-potential teams to hone their ideas and focus on developing and executing the strategies that will create long-term business success. We foster rapid growth of our portfolio companies by bringing together exceptional people and their ideas with the funding, mentorship and support they need to build thriving, sustainable businesses that can succeed in the long-term.
The winner of this event will get fast-track access to the final stage of the application process. Only 50 companies out of a pool of hundreds (and often over 1000) applications make it to this stage so this is a kind of big deal.
Schedule
6:00pm - DreamIt Overview by Managing Director Andrew Ackerman
6:10pm to 7:40pm - Speed Pitches (Order TBD)
7:50pm - Winner announced
IMPORTANT: Applying to pitch does not automatically apply you for DreamIt or vice versa. You must do both. So please do not forget to fill out an application for DreamIt.
EQUALLY IMPORTANT: DreamIt's application deadline is March 20.
BONUS: Come early and meet with Andrew Ackerman one-on-one for office hours.
Click here to schedule a meeting.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) deliberately targeted Austin, Texas after talks between the agency's officials and local authorities went awry, U.S. Magistrate Judge Andrew Austin said during a public court session Tuesday. Immigration officials reported at least 50 people were arrested in Austin – typically described as a sanctuary city for its welcoming stance on immigration – early last month after a federal crackdown began following President Donald Trump's inauguration.
The raids began after Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez met with an ICE field office director to discuss the federal government's new immigration guidelines under Trump.
Read: How Donald Trump May Be Creating Fake News About Immigrants Every Week
Instead of working with federal agencies to comply with an increase in immigrant detentions and deportations nationwide, Hernandez created a policy limiting the cooperation between local law enforcement and immigration officials.
RTX12PBB More
Photo: Reuters
The judge said he was warned by immigration officials that the city "could expect a big operation, agents coming in from out of town" that was "a result of the sheriff's new policy, that this was going to happen" when questioning ICE agent Laron Bryant Tuesday.
"That's the one we heard about where 50-some-odd people were arrested," Judge Austin said. "My understanding is, what was told us is, one of the reasons that [the raid] happened is because the meetings that had occurred between the field office director and the sheriff didn't go very well."
The Trump administration ramped up raids detaining undocumented immigrants across the country beginning in late-January, as Attorney General Jeff Sessions warned action would be taken against sanctuary cities and other locales which fail to comply with new Department of Homeland Security guidelines. The federal government can legally step in and detain unauthorized aliens in states and cities where local officials aren't as well as strip funding from sanctuary cities, Sessions warned Tuesday.
"Fundamentally, we intend to use all the lawful authority we have to make sure that our state and local officials, who are so important to law enforcement, are in sync with the federal government," Sessions said to reporters Tuesday. "Countless Americans would be alive today and countless loved ones would not be grieving today if these policies of sanctuary cities were ended."
Related Articles
One of the most startling disclosures from Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor who leaked top secret documents to The Guardian and The Washington Post was that he could tap into the private email of any American citizen—even President Obama—from his desk station in Hawaii.
Former top NSA officials interviewed by The Daily Beast Tuesday, however, say Snowden's claim that systems administrators like himself could eavesdrop on U.S. citizens is incorrect, and that any NSA employee that targeted even a foreign source for personal reasons would be stripped of clearances and fired on the spot.
"Not all analysts have the power to target anything,” Snowden told The Guardian in an interview posted Sunday. “But I, sitting at my desk, had the authority to wiretap anyone, from you or your accountant to a federal judge to even the president if I had a personal email.”
Michael Hayden, a former NSA director and CIA director, said Snowden's assertion was “absolutely outrageous.” “He was not a collector,” he said. “I don't know he could do anything like that,” adding that Snowden, a low-ranking contractor, would not have the authority or access to listen in on phone calls or read emails from anyone.
It is difficult to evaluate the claims of the officials—or those of Snowden—because the organization operates in almost total secrecy. A running joke inside the intelligence community is that NSA stands for “no such agency.”
Adding to the confusion is that even members of Congress, such as Senator Jon Tester, a Democrat from Montana, are now saying they were not fully informed about the dragnet collection of call records of U.S. telecom companies, and other data from internet companies. On Tuesday, lawyers from the Justice Department and the NSA briefed members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence on the two NSA programs disclosed by The Guardian and The Washington Post.
“Rogue collection” at the NSA over the years was extremely rare, the former top official said. Asked for an example, Hayden said he remembered a collector who was fired for trying to snoop on his ex-wife overseas.
“A rogue collector would lose his clearance and be run out of the organization,” said Joel Brenner, a former inspector general and senior counsel for the NSA who left the agency in 2010. Brenner said that he didn't recall ever dealing with "rogue collecting" during his time at as inspector general.
What did occupy his time, said Brenner, was what he called errors and “over-collection”— information with no foreign intelligence value or unintentionally collected information about a U.S. person. “You've got to understand that over-collection is to some degree inevitable,” he said. “When you are taking information off of a fiber optic cable with unimaginably large volumes passing at the speed of light, you are going to get some stuff that has to be filtered out later.”
Another issue, Brenner said, is “analytical error,” when a collector who believes he or she was targeting a foreign person turned out to instead be targeting an American citizen. In such an instance, the NSA is compelled to eliminate the data that was collected. “If someone is making lots of errors they will get a talking-to.”
While the NSA has been rocked by the week's disclosures, the agency appears to have anticipated a backlash against its mining of Internet data and call records. In February, the agency's general counsel Rajesh De gave a public, if little noticed at the time, speech at Georgetown University responding to what he said were three “false myths” about the NSA: that “NSA is a vacuum that indiscriminately sweeps up and stores global communications;” that “NSA is spying on Americans at home and abroad with questionable or no legal basis;” and that “NSA operates in the shadows free from external scrutiny or any true accountability.”
De went onto lay out what he said were major legal restrictions imposed by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act on NSA collection activities that require the agency to avoid using its spying capabilities to reverse target U.S. citizens or intentionally targeting U.S. persons. In cases where there is over-collection, De said there were “minimization procedures” to discard data that is not pertinent to foreign intelligence collection.
Despite this new openness about internal controls in the aftermath of Snowden's leaks, outside critics remain worried about the powerful and secretive agency. Julian Sanchez, a research fellow at the libertarian Cato Institute, said he was concerned that the data the NSA was supposed to destroy would still be stored somewhere. “We don't know what destroying the data means,” he said. “There is a case, U.S. vs. Sattar, where the government produced thousands of hours of intercepted communications that were minimized but not destroyed. When the NSA says the data is minimized it does not necessarily mean that it's destroyed. It may just not be logged, indexed, or put into a report, but the data is still in the possession of the U.S. government.”
In his speech at Georgetown, De did not discuss the government's secret interpretation of section 215 of the Patriot Act, exposed last week by The Guardian's story disclosing a secret court order for Verizon to hand over telephone metadata records of its customers. The public law only says the U.S. government may demand business records from U.S. companies, but does not specify that this would include the highly detailed calling records the court order compelled Verizon to produce.
An author of the original Patriot Act, Wisconsin Republican James Sensenbrenner, wrote Attorney General Eric Holder last week saying the secret interpretation was not in keeping with the original intent of the legislation.
The government relies on this interpretation of the law to continue the broad intelligence gathering that began with the Terrorist Surveillance Program started under the first term of President George W. Bush. Originally, this NSA program, which tracked every phone call coming in or out of the United States was not subject to any kind of judicial oversight. In 2006, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act was amended to make the collection of the telephone metadata legal. The legal mechanism to collect this data from the phone companies was section 215 of the Patriot Act.
Hayden said that even when the terrorist surveillance program was not subject to court oversight, NSA officers sifting through the data at the agency's Ft. Meade headquarters were constantly aware that they were not allowed to spy on Americans.
“At the height of the terrorist surveillance program,” said Hayden, when you walked into the office where this was being done, you saw these people work with headphones [and] there was a big sign hanging from the ceiling that said: ‘What Constitutes a U.S. Person?'” He called the sign a reminder that the snooping in that room could not extend to Americans unless they were involved in an active terrorist plot.
More information may come to light about the NSA's activities with the American Civil Liberties Union announcement Tuesday that it would be suing the NSA over what it deemed the “dragnet” collection of domestic phone records.
Indian firms set to acquire 49.9% stake in Russia's Vankor oil field
March 16, 2016, 2:16 pm
Russian oil firm Rosneft said on Wednesday it had signed a set of documents on selling stakes in Russian oil fields to Indian firms.
Indian Minister of petroleum and natural gas Dharmendra Pradhan witnessed the signing of documents between the Russian and Indian state firms during an India visit by Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin.
Russia's Rosneft, Oil India, Indian Oil and Bharat Petroresources have also signed a legally binding share sale agreement related to a 29.9% participatory share in Rosneft's Taas-Yuryakh Neftegazodobycha field.
Among the agreements announced on Wednesday, India's ONGC will increase its stake in Rosneft's Vankor project to 26 per cent while Oil India, Indian Oil and Bharat Petroresources will buy up to 23.9 percent between them in the same field.
“The document also oversees the analysis of the joint trading development's potential, including the possibility of entering into long-term crude-oil supply contracts,” said a Rosneft statement.
Rosneft also plans to close the deal on purchase of 49 per cent stake in Indian Essar Oil refinery by late June 2016.
State-controlled Rosneft is the world's top listed oil producer by output.
“The signed documents literally mark the turning of a new leaf in the cooperation between Russia and India in the energy sector, reached in continuation of the agreements, achieved at the highest level between the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin and the Prime Minster of India Narendra Modi,” Rosneft CEO Sechin said.
“The cooperation formula, designed at the corporate level, is aimed at the creation of vertically integrated model, allowing India partners to participate in the upstream sector, whilst opening the growing India market to Rosneft. The reached agreements represent a shift from energy dependency to energy partnership of both countries,” he added.
Rosneft is yet to disclose the value of the deals.
“The closing of the sale and purchase deal is expected in the short term,” an official statement said.
If the deals go through, Rosneft will retain a 50.1 per cent stake in Vankor.
Last year, India's ONGC agreed to buy a 15 percent stake in Vankor, one of Rosneft's newest fields which produced produced 22 mln tons of oil and 8.71 BCM of gas in 2015- or around a tenth of Rosneft's total output.
China is one of the biggest clients of Vankor.
Recoverable resources of the Vankor field as of 1st January 2016 stood at 361 million tons of oil and condensate and 138 bcm of gas.
BP, a Rosneft shareholder, controls a 20 per cent stake in Taas-Yuriakh, another newly developed east Siberian oil field, but on a smaller scale than Vankor.
Sechin said in a separate statement that the deal on Taas-Yuriakh allowed the shareholders “to open new prospects for marketing east Siberian hydrocarbons.”
“The signed documents are a remarkable achievement, demonstrating the level of partnership between Russia and India. It is of prime importance that the cooperation is of a long-term nature and it will deliver significant multiplicative effect for the economies of both countries,” said Indian petroleum Minister Pradhan.
Source: Agencies
The Admiral shipyard made a bold statement with Cacos V, its first launch since it was acquired in 2011 by the Italian Sea Group, owner of the better-known builder Tecnomar. Delivered in July of 2013 as the first example of Admiral's 131-foot Impero 40 semicustom line, Cacos V sports an aggressive-looking, military-like exterior. The design was a collaboration between Admiral's style department and the Italian naval architect Luca Dini, who has become known for striking designs that maximize a yacht's interior space and enhance its performance.
The Impero 40, an all-aluminum semi-displacement yacht, features a wave-cutting vertical bow and external bulwarks with almost no inward slant. The design contributes to the yacht's exceptionally stable ride and gives the Impero 40 more interior space than any yacht its size.
The design also includes advanced insulation that enabled the Impero 40 to receive the best noise and vibration ratings ever awarded by the Registro Italiano Navale, Italy's yacht classification and certification agency. When the vessel is cruising at 16 knots, the noise level in the master cabin is just 49 decibels, which is quieter than a normal conversation, and the vibrations are roughly one 10th the average level for boats traveling at that speed.
The Impero 40's voluminous interior allows for multiple layout options. Cacos V sleeps 11 passengers in five cabins, each of which has a different design. It also accommodates a crew of eight. The lower deck on Cacos V includes two twin and two VIP cabins, but the VIP cabins can be configured as a single full-beam suite or a cinema. At roughly 400 square feet, the Impero 40's full-beam master suite is unusually large for a boat this size. It features two large windows, an oversize bed, and two bathrooms separated by an enormous shower.
The aft portion of the bridge deck has full-beam sliding doors that provide plenty of natural light. This space serves as a lounge on Cacos V, though it can be designed as a gym or spa. The roughly 750-square-foot main saloon houses a large seating area and the main dining area, both flanked by floor-to-ceiling windows. The interior design of Cacos V includes soft black-leather floors, light-gray leather ceilings, Macassar-ebony furniture, and black glass tables.
The bridge deck and sundeck are both furnished with alfresco dining tables. On the sundeck, an aft sun pad spans the entire width of the space. Another sun pad is located beside the hot tub. Yet another large padded lounge area is located on the main deck toward the bow. The starting price for an Impero 40 is about $20 million. (www.admiralyachts.it)
2 reported to be seriously injured at NH Ball Bearings
Up to 15 injured in explosion at Peterborough facility
An explosion was reported Monday afternoon at New Hampshire Ball Bearings in Peterborough.Click to view images from the scene.Officials said up to 15 people were injured. Police said two of the injuries were serious, and those two were flown from Monadnock Community Hospital to another facility. NHBB officials said they were told the injuries were not life-threatening.Click here to view News 9's reportMCH said it received 13 patients. Six people were treated and released from the hospital.Steve Bourgeois of Peterborough Collision, which he said is about 200-300 feet from New Hampshire Ball Bearings, said he heard two explosions at about 3:30 p.m."It shook our building, shook the plate glass in our showroom," he said.Follow WMUR on Facebook for breaking news.The Peterborough police chief said the explosion happened on the first floor of the plant, and the windows were blown out.Crews from more than a dozen towns, including about 100 firefighters, were dispatched to the scene. There was no smoke or flames showing from the building.Eight ambulances were called to the area, and local hospitals were asked to stage for possible hazmat patients. Fire officials said there were chemicals in the building, but they didn't know what the chemicals were.Drivers were asked to avoid Route 202, but it was open again by 6 p.m.New Hampshire Ball Bearings cancelled first shift for Tuesday morning. Employees scheduled to arrive at 7 a.m. Tuesday were told by company officials that the facility will not be open in time.They plan to make a decision about second shift on Tuesday morning.NHBB manufactures precision bearings used in the aerospace industry, in the defense industry and for dental applications, among others. It was founded in 1946 in Peterborough and now has three manufacturing facilities across the country.
An explosion was reported Monday afternoon at New Hampshire Ball Bearings in Peterborough.
Click to view images from the scene.
Advertisement Related Content Photos: Explosion at Peterborough facility
Officials said up to 15 people were injured. Police said two of the injuries were serious, and those two were flown from Monadnock Community Hospital to another facility. NHBB officials said they were told the injuries were not life-threatening.
Click here to view News 9's report
MCH said it received 13 patients. Six people were treated and released from the hospital.
Steve Bourgeois of Peterborough Collision, which he said is about 200-300 feet from New Hampshire Ball Bearings, said he heard two explosions at about 3:30 p.m.
"It shook our building, shook the plate glass in our showroom," he said.
Follow WMUR on Facebook for breaking news.
The Peterborough police chief said the explosion happened on the first floor of the plant, and the windows were blown out.
Crews from more than a dozen towns, including about 100 firefighters, were dispatched to the scene. There was no smoke or flames showing from the building.
Eight ambulances were called to the area, and local hospitals were asked to stage for possible hazmat patients. Fire officials said there were chemicals in the building, but they didn't know what the chemicals were.
Drivers were asked to avoid Route 202, but it was open again by 6 p.m.
New Hampshire Ball Bearings cancelled first shift for Tuesday morning. Employees scheduled to arrive at 7 a.m. Tuesday were told by company officials that the facility will not be open in time.
They plan to make a decision about second shift on Tuesday morning.
NHBB manufactures precision bearings used in the aerospace industry, in the defense industry and for dental applications, among others. It was founded in 1946 in Peterborough and now has three manufacturing facilities across the country.
AlertMe
With less than two weeks until the new season kicks off, now seems like the perfect time to put out a wish list of some of the things we'd like to see in Season 13 of the A-League.
Could the off-season possibly be any longer? It is now 142 days – or more than four and a half months – since Sydney FC lifted the championship trophy.
If there was one single thing we could change about the A-League today, surely it would be lengthening the calendar so that we didn't have to suffer through the world's longest off-season.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
The FFA Cup at least goes some way to mitigating the problem, but short of building a bunch of brand-new stadia so that A-League clubs no longer have to share them with rival codes, perhaps it's worth concentrating on issues the competition actually has some control over.
Last year I listed five things I'd like to see in the new A-League season and asked you guys to do the same. And since it was a popular topic, it's time to run it up the flagpole again!
Without further ado, here are my five big wishes for the 2017-18 season.
Sydney FC to be genuinely challenged
The Sky Blues were simply superb last season, and if their recent FFA Cup win over Melbourne City is anything to go by, they could dominate the A-League once again.
Can anyone realistically challenge Graham Arnold's men? The likes of Melbourne Victory and Western Sydney will certainly hope so, but if anything Sydney FC look even stronger this time around. And that could be a problem for a league that was dull as dishwater in certain parts last season.
As enjoyable as Sydney FC's football can be to watch, the A-League really needs a genuine challenger to step up this time around.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The foreign signings to fire
Matmour. Absalonsen. Adlung. Bautheac. Maccarone. Brama. Hiariej. Asdrubal. Schenkeveld. Budzinski. Matias Sanchez. George. Vargas. Xavi Torres. Mierzejewski. Paracki. Cejudo. Llorente. Riera.
It's some list. And those are just the newcomers! Add in the likes of Thomas Kristensen, Fernando Brandan, Roy O'Donovan and Diego Castro and the competition boasts some seriously talented foreigners.
The truth is that the level of the A-League is nowhere near as bad as some of the critics would have you believe, and that's in part down to the quality of foreign players. Here's hoping the latest crop can fire, even if there's still a noticeable lack of Asian talent.
More fans to pile through the gates
You can look to the National Rugby League for a step-by-step guide in how to alienate fans and guarantee dwindling attendances. No sporting competition in Australia is as badly run as the NRL.
The A-League should really be consistently out-drawing NRL crowds – but it needs a season-long commitment from fans across the league. And that means turning up week in and week out.
There's a fine line between being fan friendly and catering exclusively to TV audiences. But while the A-League needs every cent it gets from broadcasters, it could also do with a few more fans shuffling through the gates this season.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The perennial ‘crisis clubs' to show some form
How about this Ronald Vargas? Call it a hunch, but he could be a sensational signing for the Newcastle Jets.
And they need him to be, after so many years of mediocrity. The Jets haven't made the finals since 2010, and they've finished bottom of the table in two of the past three seasons. Yet they're arguably the competition's biggest sleeping giants.
Central Coast Mariners have made some astute signings and look like they'll be stronger under a more experienced Paul Okon this season, while there's no telling what the Wellington Phoenix will do under new coach Darije Kalezic. But the league really needs some of its smaller clubs to step up and start performing.
Melbourne City to reveal an identity
What's going on at Melbourne City? To suggest they were uninspired in their recent FFA Cup defeat to Sydney FC is an insult to the word.
Could they really be protesting Football Federation Australia's handling of the A-League by serving up an under-strength squad? That's one of the conspiracy theories doing the rounds.
Whatever the problem is, new coach Warren Joyce needs to sort it out – and fast. Signing Ross McCormack should help, if only because he's good enough to score goals at this level. But the bigger problem for City is their continuing lack of identity.
If they're happy to play second fiddle to Melbourne Victory, so be it. But it's a curious tactic from a City Football Group that boasts enough resources to transform the club into a powerhouse of the league.
So there you have it. Those are my five big wishes. What are yours?
Advertisement
WATCH: Meet the First Trans Bride to 'Say Yes to the Dress'
'Trans love needs visibility!' proclaims Precious Davis, the first trans bride-to-be featured on TLC's Say Yes to the Dress: Atlanta.
After best-selling author and celebrated journalist Janet Mock broke the crystal ceiling in November by becoming one of the first transgender celebrities to gain widespread coverage of her wedding, a picturesque event in Hawaii, Chicago's Precious Davis is ready for her turn in the spotlight.
Davis, who was named to the 2014 Trans 100 list, is a singer, performer, and assistant director of diversity recruitment initiatives at Columbia College Chicago. And on Friday, she'll become the first out trans bride-to-be featured on Say Yes to the Dress: Atlanta, the Georgia-based spin-off of TLC's iconic, heartwarming reality show.
“Our representation shows that we are human beings, that we have emotions, that we have a desire to be loved, and to be held, and to have happiness,” Davis tells The Advocate, praising the reality show for highlighting stories of trans people finding love and getting married. She also commended the affirmative tone of the episode, which presents positive representations of womanly identity and female body image in ways that Davis says elevate health and wellness for all women.
Davis is an increasingly in-demand public speaker on social justice issues who will marry the black trans male activist Myles Brady. Windy City Times interviewed Brady last year when he became the first transgender outreach coordinator at Chicago's LGBT-focused Howard Brown Health Center. Davis and Brady were also featured as a couple in The Advocate's 2015 list of 100 trans luminaries.
“When the life expectancy of a trans woman of color in the United States is 30 years old — I just turned 30 this year — it's unprecedented” to thrive and find love, Davis explains. She went on to emphasize the importance of finding long-term, healthy intimacy in a world marked by frequent deprivation, which is often all the more pronounced for trans and gender-variant people.
Davis stresses that she and her fiancé are “choosing to be visible because our happiness should be lauded” like that of any other couple — regardless of gender or sexuality.
“We are in such a powerful moment in history in terms of trans visibility and trans equality,” Davis says. “And to add our narrative to that conversation makes us very happy!”
For nine seasons, Say Yes to the Dress: Atlanta has followed wives-to-be as they search for, try on, and ultimately select the gown that will bring to life the wedding of their dreams. The burgeoning brides are guided in the all-important dress selection by the ever-exacting bon vivant and resident fashion director Monte Durham, along with a crackerjack team of stylists at Atlanta's largest matrimonial boutique, Bridals by Lori. The boutique's owner and namesake, Lori Allen, is best friends with Durham, an out gay man whose marriage to Jakob Evans was featured on the cover of the 2014 Winter “Love” issue of Gladys Magazine.
“I'm looking for mermaid-cut, but very ‘like the Queen,'” a beaming Davis tells Durham in The Advocate's exclusive sneak peek at Friday's episode. (Watch it below.)
“Precious says she wants mermaid, but everything she's describing says opulence, royalty," Durham tells the camera in his characteristic Southern drawl. "Honey, that says ‘ball gown!'”
That's why Durham presents Davis with a glamorous Lazaro Perez dress to try on in Friday's episode. The bouffant ball gown features a delicate silhouette, with flaxen-pink and blanched-lemon hues, ombre ruffles, and a formfitting lace and crystal bodice, complete with a modestly dipping sweetheart neckline.
But will that Lazaro gown be the dress that makes Davis say yes? Or will Davis choose another gown for her private wedding on a secret date this summer?
The full episode has all the answers, as Davis presents herself in a number of selections, while the stylists and Davis's entourage debate the merits of each dazzlingly confectioned dress.
Davis says the dress she ultimately selects is “precious,” just like her name, “fit for a queen,” and “everything I could ever hope for.”
Friday's episode featuring Davis, which airs at 9 p.m. Eastern on TLC, is the third installment of the show's 2016 season. Get an exclusive sneak peek at the episode below.
Whether or not Colin Kaepernick plays another down in the N.F.L., I'm going to say that he can achieve more off a football field than he — or anyone else in the sport — can achieve on one.
Football, in the larger scheme of things, is not that important. Kaepernick, meanwhile, has a message about crucial aspects of our frayed but hopefully repairable nation that will continue to grow. If he has the devotion to work for change, he could outclass Tom Brady, or any player you might name, as someone who did something that truly matters for future generations.
But I thought it might be useful to at least consider something. The conventional wisdom is that Kaepernick, who opted out of his contract with the San Francisco 49ers after last season and has yet to be signed by another team, does not have an N.F.L. job on account of his politics. In protest against racism and police brutality, he won't stand for the national anthem, and he's increasingly outspoken on social issues. Earlier this summer in a tweet he likened the police to members of the fugitive slave patrol. N.F.L. owners, the thinking goes, must be racists who don't like his politics — or cynical pragmatists who don't like that their racist fans don't like his politics.
What seems to me more problematic than Kaepernick's not having a job is the general unwillingness to consider that this situation might be justified on the merits, given Kaepernick's current attributes, or lack thereof, as a quarterback, rather than assuming, as part of a kneejerk gospel of victimhood, that persecution must be the cause.
December 05, 2017 at 05:27 Tags Book reviews , Programming , Haskell
It's hard not to run into Graham Hutton's work when reading about functional programming, so reading a book on Haskell written by him sounded like a good opportunity to learn from a real expert. It turned out to be a good choice - this is definitely the best Haskell book I read so far.
The author's deep understanding of functional programming concepts and Haskell shines through the writing on many occasions. He carefully sets up explanations and examples that build one on top of another, and manages to explain some of the thorniest ideas of Haskell (applicatives and monads, I'm looking at you) very clearly; most importantly, the why of things is often explained, along with some important historical background that sheds some light on the design choices made by the language.
There's even space in this book for a few extended programming examples and exercises, both of which are very important for a programming book. Some of the exercises come with solutions in an appendix - a truly impressive information density for a ~250-page book.
My favorite chapter is Monadic Parsers; parser combinators is a very interesting topic, and I went through several resources that tried to explain it in Haskell. The treatment in this book is much better than anything I read before (it even inspired a blog post to document my understanding).
On the flip side, the last two chapters - on automatically proving programs correct, as well as deriving correct programs from definitions - were puzzling. Felt too academic and somewhat out of place in a book teaching a programming language. I suppose that when you write a book, it's your prerogative to include some of the research topics you're excited about and pitch them to a more general audience :-)
It's hard to resist comparing this book to Learn You a Haskell (LYAH), which is based on the false premise that complete beginners want or need to learn Haskell (IMHO they don't). I would guess that most folks coming to Haskell have some programming experience in other languages and are looking to expand their horizons and get some functional and static typing enlightment. Programming in Haskell is exactly the book these programmers need to read.
March Mold Mania Round 2: Will the 1s survive?
If your NCAA bracket is anything like mine, it looks like Sex Panther smells (thanks, Michigan State).
With that in mind, it's time to put my full focus toward the Noodle Arm Disc Golf March Mold Mania bracket, as this is my only real shot at redemption.
And looking at the Round 2 matchups, here's my first thought: Will all the No. 1 seeds survive?
The Destroyer, Teebird, Buzzz, and Judge all waltzed through the first round, making easy work of the lowly 16 seeds. Round 2, however, finds the Destroyer going up against the ninth-seeded Westside World, a disc that came from out of nowhere last year to make the Final Four. In addition, the lofty Teebird is going up the disc that was created to supplant it, the Latitude 64 Saint Pro. Innova definitely has some tough matchups heading into the second round.
Before we vote on the next set of matchups, a little analysis of the Round 1 results:
Upset Specials
They certainly weren't on the level of Middle Tennessee State and Stephen F. Austin pulling off massive victories, but two of Dynamic Discs' original molds knocked off higher seeds to move on to the next round.
First, there was a bit of Trilogy-on-Trilogy crime, with the 12th-seeded Escape knocking off the 5th-seeded Latitude 64 River in a 52%-48% showdown. Honestly, I thought the River had this one in the bag early, but the Escape put in a strong second half effort to finish off its factory mate.
The bigger surprise, though, was the No. 13-seed Trespass taking down the No. 4-seed Innova Discs Tern by a 16% margin.
I know a couple people – including a few who picked the Trespass to go all the way – saw this coming, but I certainly did not. Well-played, folks.
Biggest Blowouts
The poor Discraft Heat never really stood a chance going against the mighty Teebird, but I expected better than a 91%-9% showing.
The Judge dispatched the Vibram Ridge in similar fashion, besting the rubber-based disc in a 92%-8% contest.
Close Calls
Most matchups spared us the drama and went the blowout route, but the aforementioned River/Escape tilt was decided by a mere 34 votes spread.
Bracket Leaderboard
Bracket challenge contestant discgolfblogger is tied with three others for first place, with all four participants correctly choosing 30 of 32 matchups. With only one Top 10 players champion eliminated so far, though, it's anyone's game.
Bringing up the rear currently is user Renee, who stumbled to 21 correct first round choices. With all of her Final Four molds still in it, though, there's no reason for her to give up hope.
View the entire leaderboard here.
Now, on with Round 2!
Warp Speed Drivers
Every Round 2 matchup in the Warp Speed Driver bracket pits one Innova disc against a counterpart from the Latitude/Westside/Dynamic family. Aside from the marquee Destroyer/World matchup, I'm looking for a close contest between the Trespass and the Katana to send someone to the Sweet 16.
Control/Fairway Drivers
We're again heavy on Innova vs. Trilogy here, save one matchup that is Innova-Innova: Valkyrie vs. Firebird. Will it be power or finesse in this matchup of old school heavyweights?
Midranges
Do you prefer your Buzzz original, or extra tasty overstable? We'll find out with this delicious 1 vs. 8 matchup, with Roc vs. Truth as dessert.
Putters
Honestly, all of these matchups look like chalk to me. Surprise me, people. Make an upset happen here.
Representing the disenchantment that defined a decade, Yura Yura Teikoku (ゆらゆら帝国, “The Wobbling Empire”) was more than just a rock band for many people coming of age in the 1990s.
Musically, they transformed the psychedelic garage-fuzz sound, but were ultimately chameleons in evolution over their 20-year career. There was substance to their style, a unique electricity. They were able to articulate '90s ennui in a way few others could.
Yura Yura Teikoku could break hearts or break noses, as happy painting over hypnotic two-chord grooves as they were ripping the place apart with violent blasts of cosmic blues. Like The Velvet Underground, Yura Yura Teikoku balanced the conventional with the progressive, and their jaded aura was tempered by ironic humor.
They didn't seem to take anything, except the music, too seriously.
Examining individual players to see if one or another was responsible for Yura Yura Teikoku's magic is a pretty pointless exercise, but it's true that guitarist, vocalist, and founder Shintaro Sakamoto was the sun around which everything orbited.
His genius for transforming the mundane into pithy and even profound lyrical observations is an aspect of the music that's cherished by Japanese listeners.
Non-native speakers can catch echoes of it in his distinctive delivery, which recalls Jonathan Richman in the way syllables drop asymmetrically around the beat, while his nicotine-stained voice has a compelling strength. He slings his Gibson SG with the same fluidity as Hendrix, who, unsurprisingly, is one reason Sakamoto picked up a guitar.
“As a player and vocalist, it was Hendrix In the West and Led Zeppelin I through to IV,” he answers when I ask what albums had the biggest impact on him and his desire to play music. “As for wanting to be in a band, I'd say Fujio Yamaguchi's Himatsubushi and Jacks' Vacant World.” Did he ever imagine himself up on stage?
“I didn't imagine anything.”
The lack of particular musical ambition Sakamoto attributes to an early and enduring passion for art, preferring to interpret the world through the drawings and characters he created by himself, but by high school, music had taken over from painting and drawing.
“I started playing when I was 14 years old with a cheap Japanese acoustic that my younger sister and I bought together. When I was 15, I bought an Aria Pro II electric guitar. At the time I really wanted the same Stratocaster replica my friend had, but I was hesitant about copying him, so I bought similar one with a different shape.
“I practiced a lot by myself in my room. I still don't really understand what my style is.”
For all his charisma on stage, Sakamoto seems uncomfortable with the spotlight off it, hiding under a mop of shaggy hair, answering a TV reporter's questions in deadpanned monosyllables, perhaps a reaction to what he and the band felt an absurd situation. A comparison to Gibby Haynes's performance on MTV comes to mind.
“I still thought I was better at painting than playing music.”
Whether this ambivalence reflects an attitude about the music industry, or shows a private person deflecting unwelcome attention, is unclear.
I ask the Osaka-born Sakamoto if he was a compliant student at school, or an anti-conformist, and how his family reacted to his interest in music as a kid.
“When I was a student, my family moved every couple of years because of my parent's jobs,” he says. “I learned how to adapt from an early age, yet I preferred making things by myself or painting to playing with friends. I wasn't isolated. I liked making my friends laugh with my cartoons.
“Even after getting interested in music, I still thought I was better at painting than playing music. I thought that I'd like to do something in the field of art sometime in the future.
“A lot of bands nobody ever thought could be signed to a major label got major-label debuts, one after another, including Yura Yura Teikoku…”
“After entering a college of art and forming Yura Yura Teikoku, all of my interest shifted to music, and I started missing so much class that I barely scraped enough credit to graduate.
“I didn't get a full-time job after graduating and just kept working as a part-timer and playing in the band. My parents didn't say anything in particular, but they were probably pretty disappointed.”
The chemistry that developed between Sakamoto and Yura Yura Teikoku's Chiyo Kamekawa, a widely respected bassist currently in Fushitsusha, was fundamental to Yura Yura Teikoku's sound. Their telepathy formed a flexible bridge between the rhythm section (which eventually settled on Ichiro Shibata, also now in Fushitsusha, on drums in 1997) and anchored Sakamoto's wild solos.
How did the first incarnation of the band begin?
“I started Yura Yura Teikoku with our first guitarist, a close friend from junior high school, and by the end I was the only original member left,” he says. “Our then-drummer Atsushi Yoshida and bassist Chiyo Kamekawa were the two most showy players at the art college we went to.
“I picked the guys who looked most unusual and could play, rather than anyone who might have had the same taste in music as me.”
I wonder to Sakamoto why the band didn't end up being even bigger in the Japanese mainstream. Was he hesitant to go with a major label, and the artistic compromises that would bring, seeing as they were already packing out smaller clubs?
“Maybe you're confused about the period here,” he says. “Yura Yura Teikoku were basically underground from 1989 to 1997, and after that we moved onto major labels MIDI and SONY until 2010. I chose to go independent, rather than with a major label, after Yura Yura Teikoku broke up.
“I released my first solo record in 2011. I went with an independent release because I couldn't find any reason to act with a major label when I thought about the music I wanted to do.”
Throughout the mid to late '90s, alternative rock was booming, and for a time, Nirvana was the biggest band in the world. Was there a sense of energy or support for rock more than there is now in Japan? How much did the band practice to get competent on stage?
“In the late '90s, a lot of bands nobody ever thought could be signed to a major label got major-label debuts, one after another, including Yura Yura Teikoku. It was a time when CD sales were at the highest-ever level, and there was a lot of energy around the record companies.
“We used to rehearse twice a week, and each rehearsal took between two and three hours. I practiced at that pace continuously for almost 20 years.”
Was writing songs with the band a frustrating process or an enjoyable one? Does Sakamoto feel satisfied with what was captured on their albums, and how much difference in approach is there between the improvisations on stage and the process in the studio?
“There were times when it was stressful when I was playing in the band.”
“There were times when it was stressful when I was playing in the band,” Sakamoto admits. “Though it's just been fun since I started solo.
“The first and second Yura Yura Teikoku albums, which we released on an indie label, were totally unsatisfying to me. I only really felt convinced for the first time, I think, with 3x3x3, my first for a major label.
“As for recording, we usually could get the basics of a track down in two or three takes.”
What local music was being created alongside Yura Yura Teikoku that Sakamoto found inspiring?
“Maria Kannon, Kan Mikami, Keiji Haino, WHITE HEAVEN, MASONNA, Jackie & The Cedrics. There are obviously many more.”
Were members cross-pollinating with other bands at the same time?
“Yura Yura Teikoku was the one and only for me,” says Sakamoto. “But Chiyo Kamekawa played with You Ishihara in THE STARS, and [drummer] Ichirou Shibata was doing solo electronic music.”
The subject of You Ishihara and his band WHITE HEAVEN is an interesting one, as Sakamoto was influenced a great deal by the music they were creating from the mid eighties onwards. Ishihara produced a number of Yura Yura Teikoku records during what many consider the band's golden period, including Me No Car and 3x3x3.
I wonder at Ishihara's impact on Sakamoto, in terms of sound and approach to music.
“Mr. Ishihara put me onto a lot of good records. I was affected a lot not only in terms of sound production, but also in my own way of listening and thinking. In the beginning of '90s, I was searching for good psychedelic rock and prog vinyl. I came across a shop called Modern Music, and Mr. Ishihara was working for them.
“Mr. Nakamura suggested that I ask Mr. Ishihara to join as producer…”
“Some time later, Yura Yura Teikoku started to play live with WHITE HEAVEN, Mr. Ishihara's band, and other bands that were connected to the Modern Music scene.
“Around 1996, it was decided that we would record an album at [WHITE HEAVEN guitarist] Souichiro Nakamura's studio. At the time, Mr. Nakamura suggested that I ask Mr. Ishihara to join as producer. It was the beginning of our relationship.”
This friendship with Ishihara and history at Nakamura's PEACE STUDIOS, where another famously unconventional Japanese band BORIS recorded the bulk of their albums, led Sakamoto into developing an interest in sound engineering and production. The space served as an occasional hangout for Sakamoto and BORIS drummer Atsuo.
I ask about this friendship, and whether Sakamoto contributed in any way to the sound or direction of BORIS.
“BORIS are a great band, one that have kept going their own way ever since I first met them. But I never thought I affected them, and Atsuo and I don't really listen to music together.”
Does Sakamoto have a favorite BORIS album?
“I don't know if I have a favorite necessarily, but I was deeply shocked by New Album, which they released just after signing with a Japanese major label.
“I've always sympathized with Atsuo's attitude of destroying the image he built by himself.”
“I've always sympathized with Atsuo's attitude of destroying the image he built by himself.”
Despite tours and overseas distribution, Yura Yura Teikoku never had the same level of success overseas as they did at home. It could be argued that the Japanese commitment to CD, the language barrier, and wariness about file-sharing meant that during the music-geek blog era of the Internet, where obscure or lesser-known music was passed around freely, Yura Yura Teikoku albums still remained difficult for non-Japanese to access despite the best efforts of their local and overseas labels.
“Yura Yura Teikoku was actually released via Mesh-key and DFA Records in New York. My first and second solo albums were released on Other Music Recording Co. in New York. I played in the USA, Australia, Netherlands, Belgium, Italy, and Taiwan with Yura Yura Teikoku.”
It comes time to ask: why did Yura Yura Teikoku eventually wind up?
“We just felt like we'd done everything and thought it would be boring if we continued.” Does Sakamoto think, with the success of his solo career and the increasing interest in Japanese music from overseas, that a reunion might be possible?
“I've never thought about a reunion,” he says simply.
Even artists in the biggest bands in the world can have trouble finding success in a solo career. Domestically at least, Sakamoto has managed not only to keep fans from the Yura Yura Teikoku days, but also to find new ones.
Being free to create on his own terms has revealed new aspects of his musical personality, throwing his remarkable gift for catchy electronic-infused pop-rock into clearer focus. His lyrics are also sharper than ever.
“The Japanese may have a peculiar sense for loving something imperfect…”
With his first solo album How to Live With A Phantom and follow-up Let's Dance Raw, along with a number of 7-inch singles establishing Sakamoto as a chameleonic and successful solo artist — it's interesting to note the parallels in his work with that of Beck — the latest album Love If Possible was enthusiastically received by fans and critics on its Japan release last July.
“I like to create what I want to listen to,” he says of his aims as a solo artist. “Something that follows my personal sense. You know, I want to listen to this; I want to own this record. I could go on doing it by myself, or I could do it with others as well, probably. Maybe if I get an interesting idea in the future, I'll collaborate.”
I wonder which record has been his favorite of his solo output so far?
“I love all of my solo work, but would say I like Love If Possible the most. The reason being; I still don't really know what it is.”
Is Sakamoto's solo work more personal, or is he happy creating something not necessarily defined as self expression? How does the creation of Sakamoto's music interface with his everyday life?
“I've never really thought about the connection between music and life.”
“I've never really thought about the connection between music and life. Somehow, it's like it's just there. I still buy records, though it's usually just whatever I'm interested in at the time. I'm not a collector.
“When I have a great idea and am really into working on it, I feel satisfied. Usually I'm quietly doing what I'm working on at the time, things like lyrics, composition, design, at home. Recently Shunsuke Ono covered one of my songs for a 7-inch released on zelone records. And I've just released a 12-inch with VIDEOTAPEMUSIC on em records.”
The influence of Japanese experimental music on bands worldwide has been well stated. Oren Ambarchi recently commented that his original attraction to Japanese noise in the 1980s was its purity, of being less about image and only about sound.
Trucking with this is You Ishihara's opinion that Japanese listeners are less prejudiced by whether bands from overseas are considered cool or not, allowing fans to listen to music differently.
I ask Sakamoto if he thinks there is a unique aspect to Japanese music.
“Somehow, the Japanese may have a peculiar sense for loving something imperfect,” he muses. “A sensitivity that focuses on the aesthetics of subtle differences in detail.”
Is music as a way to express inner life, articulate observations of external life, or is it something with a life of its own?
“What does music mean to me? There's thrilling nuance in my favorite music that can't be explained with words. I like to keep searching for new records that give me that feeling, and I'd like to create those kinds of records myself, if I can. The nuance that I'm pursuing would be the music.”
Love If Possible is out now on Zelone Records and globally on iTunes January 20. Shintaro Sakamoto's solo records are available on Mesh-key or Zelone Records. Yura Yura Teikoku limited discography is available through Mesh-key or CDJapan.
— Story by Beige Baron. Translation by Yoshi.
A whitetail doe and her fawn run through the woods at the Donges Bay Gorge, a parcel of Lake Michigan-fronting land wedged between new McMansions in Mequon, Wisconsin. The nature preserve is one of the many properties in this part of the Midwest whose future protection could be funded by bitcoin.
The properties are owned or managed by the Ozaukee Washington Land Trust, a non-profit entity that posts its bitcoin address on its website for potential donations.
“Donate your bitcoins and we'll plant trees,” said executive director Shawn Graff, a cryptocurrency enthusiast who brought the idea to the board in 2010 and saw the bitcoin donation option through to reality. So far, the group has received three bitcoin donations.
He continued:
“It's not huge, but you never know, maybe someday each bitcoin will be worth several thousand dollars. Or there might be a crash and somebody might give us a million bitcoins – and one day they'll be worth thousands of dollars again.”
Bitcoin enthusiasts in the country
The Ozaukee Washington Land Trust is managed out of a historic railroad depot, tucked behind a townhouse complex in suburban West Bend, WI. It's not a likely spot to envision the future of cryptocurrency. Yet Graff, in his neat polo shirt and khakis, exemplifies the kind of bitcoin enthusiast you can find everywhere in the middle of the United States, far from hubs like New York or San Francisco where bitcoin conferences convene and investors pour dollars into new cryptocurrency ventures.
Wisconsin, after all, is the state where Mark Clear, a candidate for the State Assembly, recently accepted – and had to give back – a bitcoin campaign contribution. It's also the state where Jamie Russell, of Eau Claire, is mounting a legal case against the alleged fraudster, who he said pocketed $150,000 in bitcoin that he was supposed to convert into physical coins.
A Milwaukee meetup
On a Thursday night, a dozen bitcoin enthusiasts gather at Hotel Foster in Milwaukee's hip East Side neighborhood. A deer head mounted on the wall melds with illuminated chandeliers and a chalkboard full of sophisticated cocktail names that create an eclectic space that still screams “Wisconsin”. On an upstairs patio, a passionate but orderly discussion proceeds about ways to broaden bitcoin acceptance in the city.
Several businesses here take bitcoin, said BitcoinMKE member Tareq Fares, including a club called The Bad Genie – where Fares, a CPA by day, DJ at night – a gas station, and a smoke shop on Old World 3rd Street called 414 Glass & Grooves that is about to launch its acceptance of bitcoin with a weekend party.
The next target, Fares said, is a juice bar where the owners are interested but aren't making bitcoin acceptance a high priority.
“Next time you're in the area, stop by and ask them about it,” Fares urged the others at the meetup.
The conversation shifts to the North American Bitcoin Car Giveaway Tour 2014, which will roll through Milwaukee in mid July; then, to September's Bayview Bash, where the group will have a table later this summer.
The men, sitting around nursing Lakefront Brewery beers, are all serious about bitcoin. There are fewer newbies than typically turn up at bitcoin events in San Francisco. Also unlike San Francisco, none of the members here tonight work in a bitcoin-related business – although some of them would like to.
Group member Paul Sanchez said he doesn't understand why bitcoin companies aren't spreading their hiring across a broader swath of the country:
“How can the merchant adoption grow unless CoinBase and BitPay are actively seeking salespeople in places like this?”
Until recently, Sanchez operated Crazy Chef restaurant, where he accepted bitcoins and sold a “Bitcoin Burger”, with a bitcoin symbol on the bun (he painstakingly marked each bun with a heated coat hanger). He posted his QR code on the menu, to make bitcoin payments easy, and encouraged his waitstaff to accept bitcoin tips.
He has since sold the place, and the new owners don't seem to be interested in picking up the bitcoin mantle, Sanchez said.
“There was always a bitcoin conversation going on there,” Fares said, a little wistfully.
BitcoinMKE hosted bitcoin superstar entrepreneur Andreas Antonopoulos in February, at an event that drew 100 people in person and several hundred more online. Chris Bresette is a trumpet player trying to get other members of the local band De La Buena to embrace bitcoin. He said that event “was the biggest event since I've been with the group”.
The group's founder, bitcoin advocate Will Pangman, has since moved on.
Bitcoin around Wisconsin
Wisconsin's college town capital Madison, where Clear accepted that short-lived bitcoin contribution at a fundraiser, is another bitcoin hotspot. The city has its own Meetup group and its own bitcoin-accepting businesses, like the Bandung Indonesian Restaurant.
Bitcoin use isn't limited to Wisconsin's major cities. Businesses that accept the digital currency are scattered here and there. Even in outdoorsy, tourist mecca Door County, you can use bitcoin to take a kayak tour or ride a zipline at Door County Kayak Tours.
ctvtoronto.ca
A recommendation to privatize garbage collection in Toronto's west end handily passed a council vote Tuesday evening after a day-long debate over the plan's merits and cost savings.
Toronto city council voted 32-13 in favour of privatizing the service for 165,000 homes between Yonge Street and the Humber River to the west – a plan that staff suggests could save the city $8 million.
Mayor Rob Ford and his administration conceded a key point earlier in the day, stepping away from a recommendation to give city managers final say in awarding the seven-year contract.
Instead, council will have the chance to review the winning contract offer before it is approved.
"It is going to come back to council," Coun. Denzil Minnan-Wong, chair of the public works committee, told reporters early Tuesday. "The public is going to be reassured that this process is completely open and transparent and that all the rules are followed, and that we will have the best bid awarded."
Minnan-Wong says the change will not result in any service cuts or changes to the city's environmental initiatives.
The city has said the plan to privatize the region would cut about 300 jobs, most of them temporary positions, and save about $8 million a year.
However, many have suggested the numbers are faulty and that the plan will not save any money,
"I don't think there is anyone left in the City of Toronto, other than Mayor Ford, who believes the $8 million number," Coun. Gord Perks told CTV Toronto. "It has clearly been blown out of the water here today. Nobody takes that number seriously."
CUPE local 416 claims the plan will cost more, put people out of work and will harm the city's blue and green bin programs.
Two separate reports -- one by the Toronto Environmental Alliance (TEA) and another commissioned by CUPE -- suggested the city's numbers don't add up.
An Ipsos-Reid public opinion poll released Monday showed that 61 per cent of Torontonians surveyed on the issue agreed that collection should be privatized, while 30 per cent disagreed.
The plan to privatize garbage was a key issue in Ford's election campaign, during which he attacked former mayor David Miller's handling of a 2009 garbage strike.
On Tuesday, Ford suggested councillors had the choice to vote to support "big spending" or to put an end to Toronto's old "tax-and-spend" mindset.
"I think people said ‘enough is enough' after they endured a 40-day garbage strike last year," Ford told council during Tuesday's debate. "It hurt our city, it hurt tourism and it hurt our livelihood. We cannot have any more garbage strikes in this city."
With a report from CTV Toronto's Alicia Markson
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- A man was hospitalized for burns after apparently setting himself on fire outside Trump International Hotel late Tuesday night, according to reports.
The Washington Post, citing an unnamed source, reports rescue workers found the man, 45, with a lighter and an accelerant. He also set a pile of debris on fire in the road in front of the hotel.
#BREAKING: Man lights fire near #TrumpInternationalHotel. Employees call police. Man told me he's from CA & protesting #TrumpInauguration pic.twitter.com/noUwttKRL5 -- Shomari Stone (@shomaristone) January 18, 2017
The Post said a motive could not be confirmed. But NBC 4 says the man told a reporter before being taken to the hospital that he was protesting Donald Trump becoming president.
"I tried to set myself on fire as an act of protest ... to protest the fact that we've elected somebody completely incapable of respecting the Constitution of the United States," the man told the reporter.
The man, who said he was from California, had third-degree burns on about 10 percent of his body, the Post reports.
( Check out Deconstructing the Syrian War, my new e-book on the Syrian war, the most consequential war of recent times)
People these days look at you like a weirdo if you talk about the healing properties of plants or any other holistic practices. Much like anything else, there is a lot of politics and money behind our modern medical system.
It all starts with John D. Rockefeller (1839 – 1937) who was an oil magnate, a robber baron, America's first billionaire, and a natural-born monopolist.
By the turn on the 20th century, he controlled 90% of all oil refineries in the U.S. through his oil company, Standard Oil, which was later on broken up to become Chevron, Exxon, Mobil etc.
At the same time, around 1900, scientists discovered “petrochemicals” and the ability to create all kinds of chemicals from oil. For example, the first plastic — called Bakelite — was made from oil in 1907. Scientists were discovering various vitamins and guessed that many pharmaceutical drugs could be made from oil.
This was a wonderful opportunity for Rockefeller who saw the ability to monopolize the oil, chemical and the medical industries at the same time!
The best thing about petrochemicals was that everything could be patented and sold for high profits.
But there was one problem with Rockefeller's plan for the medical industry: natural/herbal medicines were very popular in America at that time. Almost half the doctors and medical colleges in the U.S. were practicing holistic medicine, using knowledge from Europe and Native Americans.
Rockefeller, the monopolist, had to figure out a way to get rid of his biggest competition. So he used the classic strategy of “problem-reaction-solution.” That is, create a problem and scare people, and then offer a (pre-planned) solution. (Similar to terrorism scare, followed by the “Patriot Act”).
He went to his buddy Andrew Carnegie – another plutocrat who made his money from monopolizing the steel industry – who devised a scheme. From the prestigious Carnegie Foundation, they sent a man named Abraham Flexner to travel around the country and report on the status of medical colleges and hospitals around the country.
This led to the Flexner Report, which gave birth to the modern medicine as we know it.
Needless to say, the report talked about the need for revamping and centralizing our medical institutions. Based on this report, more than half of all medical colleges were soon closed.
Homeopathy and natural medicines were mocked and demonized; and doctors were even jailed.
To help with the transition and change the minds of other doctors and scientists, Rockefeller gave more than $100 million to colleges, hospitals and founded a philanthropic front group called “General Education Board” (GEB). This is the classic carrot and stick approach.
In a very short time, medical colleges were all streamlined and homogenized. All the students were learning the same thing, and medicine was all about using patented drugs.
Scientists received huge grants to study how plants cured diseases, but their goal was to first identify which chemicals in the plant were effective, and then recreate a similar chemical – but not identical – in the lab that could be patented.
A pill for an ill became the mantra for modern medicine.
And you thought Koch brothers were evil?
So, now we are, 100 years later, churning out doctors who know nothing about the benefits of nutrition or herbs or any holistic practices. We have an entire society that is enslaved to corporations for its well-being.
America spends 15% of its GDP on healthcare, which should be really called “sick care.” It is focused not on cure, but only on symptoms, thus creating repeat customers. There is no cure for cancer, diabetes, autism, asthma, or even flu.
Why would there be real cures? This is a system founded by oligarchs and plutocrats, not by doctors.
As for cancer, oh yeah, the American Cancer Society was founded by none other than Rockefeller in 1913.
In this month of breast cancer awareness, it is sad to see people being brainwashed about chemotherapy, radiation and surgery. That's for another blog post … but here is a quote from John D. Rockefeller that summarizes his vision for America…
Author: Chris Kanthan
Today is Don Cherry‘s birthday. He would have been 79 years old. To celebrate the inimitable jazz explorer's life, I'm sharing my favorite album of his.
Here's Brown Rice streaming in full. It's one of the most warmly engaging releases of the entire free jazz universe and, as such, is a great entry point for those who have yet to experience the furthest reaches of the genre.
While many people not-incorrectly associate free jazz with confrontational, abrasive music, the notion only reveals a sliver of the big picture. It's an umbrella term that eventually encompassed everything from John Coltrane's latter experiments in dissonance and noise to the devotional new age purr of his widow, Alice Coltrane, in the late 70s and early 80s. Cherry's work, at various times, covers the entire spectrum. His Eternal Rhythm was a fiery gauntlet thrown down in the wake of Coltrane's passing, carving raucous jams into thought sculptures that are still picked apart today. This album, however, floats somewhere in the interstellar in-between.
Right from the opening notes of that space age electric piano, the album goes out of its way to pull the listener into its world. Even when floating off the surface, exploring its own textures in a meandering, introspective passage at the heart of the album, the sound is compulsively engaging.
There's a definite Eastern tinge to the whole affair, a nod toward the alien-to-American tones that were infiltrating many forward looking jazz releases of the day. It's used more than texture than anything, lending an otherness to the lightly funky album. Cherry's pocket trumpet is the star, of course, erupting in crystalline crescendos against both the tightly coiled opening and closing tracks, and the atmospheric soundscapes filling out the middle of the set. The similarity of his tone to peak-era Miles Davis was what initially attracted me to the artist, but here he makes the spacey vanguard all his own. Once you've heard this album, you'll never associate the sound with anyone else.
The album has unfortunately never been properly reissued or remastered for vinyl, but you can pick up the “jazz heritage” CD edition from 1989 for very cheap, like I did. It's a perfectly adequate mastering and the only way to properly enjoy the album at the moment. I've got my eyes to the horizon, though, vigilant for a nice vinyl edition. With a smattering of his work being reissued in the past couple years, it's a definite possibility.
For nearly 1,700 years, London's only bridge across the Thames was the famous London Bridge, until Putney Bridge was constructed in 1726. Yet London very nearly had another bridge crossing the Thames, which may have been in fact constructed, at least in part before being abandoned.
This bridge appears on one map and in some documents, and would appear to have been built during the time of Queen Elizabeth I, at around 1599.
And it wouldn't have been in London proper as we know it today, but out in the countryside crossing the Thames, linking Blackwall with North Greenwich.
This bridge from empty fields to empty fields was not for commerce, but for military purposes, and was not originally intended to be a bridge at all. In fact, it was two mighty piers extending into the Thames with cannon mounted at the ends in the middle of the river.
A short gap lay between the piers through which friendly ships could sail, and enemies blasted to pieces.
The map that reveals this lost marvel was drawn up by Robert Adams, surveyor of buildings to Queen Elizabeth I, and was designed to show “lines across the river to mark how far and from whence cannon-balls may obstruct the passage of any ship on an invasion from Tilbury to London.
An extract of the map is below:
The plan also shows the barrier at Blackwall, but while an 1881 report casts down on whether it was ever built, the report cites an unnamed document as claiming that the large piles were discovered running across the river during the laying of a new dock at Blackwall [1].
Some documentary evidence does exist elsewhere though.
For example, a letter send on the 4th August 1599 from Rowland Whyte to Sir Robert Sydney noted that “Lord Cumberland is gone to make a bridge over the the Thames, and the 6,000 men from London appointed to guard it.” [2] And again, ten days later, a second letter between the two confirmed that “A bridge is to be made over the Thames at Blackwall,” [3]
That seems to be the sole surviving record of the bridge [4], unless some reference to the alleged piles is ever uncovered in the archives.
So, letting us presume that the structure existed, as can be seen below, it would have had two forts on either side of the river, leading to two giant piers almost meeting in the middle of the river. Tantalizingly close to forming a bridge across the Thames. Incidentally, the use of the term “bridge” in the letters cited above almost certainly refer to piers, as the two words were interchangeable up until around the middle of the 18th century. So an Elizabethan bridge would have been two piers reaching to the Thames and not intended to form a link between two sides as a bridge would be expected to behave today.
But, that begs a diversion into speculation — could they have ever been linked?
Realistically, at the time of their construction, the knowledge to build a large bridge that could also be opened to allow ships to pass through simply did not exist, or at least not in a manner to make such a bridge viable. As an impediment to cargo arriving in London it would have been too great a barrier.
But, let us speculate a little, and presume that it had survived as two large piers. Come the era of the docks, it might have been seen as a convenient way of linking the two sides of the river at a time when cross-river traffic was exceptionally difficult, and with presumably existing roads leading to the two piers, much of the infrastructure would have existed on either side of the river.
The history of London's docks could have been a very different one, thanks to defenses built to protect London from a Papist invasion.
Today though, that is still a vital river crossing, but carried out by tunnels instead of a bridge. The Elizabethans were just 300 years too early.
Notes
[1] Chronicles of Blackwall Yard, 1881 p.6:
[2] Historical Manuscripts Commission, Report on the Manuscripts of Lord De L'Isle & Dudley, vol.II, 1934, p.380
[3] Historical Manuscripts Commission, Report on the Manuscripts of Lord De L'Isle & Dudley, vol.II, 1934, p.383.
[4] Survey of London, vol 43-44, page 548
From Team Fortress Wiki
“ — Dead Ringer publicity blurb By the time your adversary races towards your 'body' to frisk you for cash and pull gold fillings out of your mouth, you'll already be behind him, poised for the killing blow. ”
The Dead Ringer is an unlockable PDA weapon for the Spy. It is a gold-plated pocket watch with an engraving of a hummingbird on its lid, and a circular Cloak display within.
This weapon's main attribute is to Cloak the user for 7 seconds upon being injured if it is held out, leaving behind a fake Spy ragdoll corpse to distract and deceive enemies. The Cloak generated is instantaneous and can generate certain information in-game that enhances the legitimacy of the user's "death" (shown below). If the player is disguised as a friendly class, activation drops a ragdoll corpse of that class (which, to your team, will appear as a ragdoll of you wearing a mask of the class you were disguised as). To use this cloak, the Spy must be holding the watch by pressing secondary fire before taking damage. The watch must be fully charged before it can be held, and holding the watch prevents the Spy from attacking. This also means the Spy is unable to cloak on command, and will have to rely on damage instead.
Upon activation, the Cloak meter will immediately drop to 50%, and the Spy will receive a 3 second speed boost. The Spy takes 75% reduced damage for the initial attack that activates the cloak, and will gain damage resistance dependent on how much time is left for his cloak (from a maximum of 65% to a minimum of 20% after 3 seconds). The initial damage reduction allows the player to survive massive amounts of damage as long as the user has a sufficient amount of Health before the attack was made, with the exception of fully charged headshots by Snipers, backstabs from enemy Spies, and Taunt kills.
During the first 3 seconds of cloak, the Spy will not flicker on contact with enemies or upon being shot, and he gains immunity to afterburn. This returns to standard cloak once 3 seconds pass (cloak flickers on contact, 20% reduced damage). The cloak takes 7 seconds to fully drain (from 50%) down to zero.
The Dead Ringer uncloaks with a very loud and distinct sound. To uncloak noise is noticeably loud up-close, but rapidly fades with distance. Unlike the standard Invisibility Watch, Dispensers and ammo cannot replenish the Cloak meter.
Activating the Dead Ringer will heal the Spy from certain status effects:
Fire will be extinguished.
Bleeding will stop.
However, other status effects are unaffected. Notably:
Covering-inflict weapons and water will still coat the cloaked Spy.
Therefore, feigning whilst suffering under these effects will not be convincing. In addition, once the player is cloaked, the Spy is not immune to status effects, although such effects will have a reduced duration, similarly to the Invis Watch.
The Dead Ringer is automatically given to any player who obtains 17 Spy achievements.
Feign death effects
Feign deaths have certain characteristics that affect the game. Some kill effects are replicated or faked as if the Spy is actually killed, while others are not, which may alert vigilant players of to feign.
Function times
Function times (in seconds) Effect Upon activation: Drop a fake corpse, 75% damage reduction, remove some status effects
For the first 3 seconds: Speed boost, no cloak shimmer upon collision with a enemy, up to 65% damage reduction
Subsequently: Normal invisibility
Cloak maximum duration 7.0 s
8.2 s
6.0 s
7.6 s Cloak fade time Instant Decloak fade time Player: 2.2 s
World: 1.8 s Recharge time 20 s Activation time Instant Values are approximate and determined by community testing.
Demonstration
Note: This demonstration has been out of date since This demonstration has been out of date since October 20, 2017 Patch
Crafting
Blueprint
As a crafting ingredient
Strange variant
Related achievements
Spontaneous Combustion
Ignite 10 cloaked Spies.
Shorn Connery
Decapitate a cloaked Spy.
Spyalectical Materialism
Kill or assist in killing 10 cloaked Spies.
Search Engine
Kill 3 cloaked Spies with a sentry gun under control of your Wrangler.
Jarring Transition
Use Jarate to reveal a cloaked Spy. Shoot the Breeze
Kill a fully invisible Spy in a single hit.
Burn Notice
Survive 30 seconds after being ignited while cloaked.
Sleeper Agent
Kill an enemy who triggered your feign death in the last 20 seconds. Spies Like Us
While cloaked, bump into an enemy cloaked Spy.
Unused content
The Dead Ringer has an unused world model featuring a chain which would have likely hung on to the Spy's suit.
Bugs
In medium to high lag situations, pulling out the Dead Ringer and attacking at the same time while disguised will keep the player disguised, leaving bullet wounds on the enemy. However, the attacks done under this bug do no damage to players or buildings.
The Cloak meter displayed on the watch does not properly correspond to the actual amount of Cloak available, similar to the Enthusiast's Timepiece.
If the Dead Ringer is out during a taunt and the Spy takes damage after he is finished taunting, the Dead Ringer will not activate.
Feigning death on circumstances that should trigger a unique death scream will sometimes issue a normal death scream.
The damage reduction from the Dead Ringer applies to drowning damage as well. However, the Spy will recover the full amount of health that would have been lost without the Dead Ringer, allowing players to heal themselves by intentionally drowning.
Activating the watch upon round start will sometimes cause the Spy not to hold up the watch. This can only be fixed by dying.
There is an occasional bug that occurs with the Dead Ringer where, once activated, the watch will report that the Spy's killer "got revenge" on him, even if they were not dominated or don't exist. The same bug may report that the Spy's killer is dominating him even if said Spy was already being dominated by that player, or if they were nowhere close to dominating them. Both bugs may also play the accompanying sound cue. When the Spy is killed by environmental hazards or fall damage, "ERRORNAME" will get revenge on the Spy. These messages are only broadcast to the other team, just like all faked mechanics of the Dead Ringer.
When reloading the Revolver, switching weapon to the Sapper, or using the Sharp Dresser while quickly activating the Dead Ringer, three hands can be momentarily seen.
Some achievements that involve killing cloaked Spies can be achieved by attacking a Spy with his Dead Ringer ready.
Often the fake body will slide on the ground without moving its actual limbs upon faking your death for enemies.
When a player holds the Dead Ringer with Specialized or Professional Killstreak Weapon, the sheen will be replicated on the Dead Ringer.
If the user has final hitsounds enabled, they will not always play if they activate the Dead Ringer of an enemy Spy.
Just like the Invis Watch and the Cloak and Dagger, if the Dead Ringer is deployed during the reload animation of a primary weapon, to reload itself will be sped up.
If the Spy has the Your Eternal Reward and disguises while holding the Dead Ringer, it will still be held up and appear charging. Despite the Dead Ringer not allowing the Spy to hold it while charging.
Trivia
Dead Ringer is a phrase used to describe an exact duplicate of something or someone else; for example, "He's a Dead Ringer for that BLU Spy we shot earlier!". The "ringer" part of the phrase refers to a replacement or impostor, especially in sporting events, making the fake corpse an actual " dead ringer".
ringer". The ability to feign death was present in Team Fortress Classic , and the Dead Ringer's function was likely inspired by that ability. However, in Team Fortress Classic , feigning death was limited to being rendered immobile and having to hope that the enemy would have already passed by when you decided to get up.
, and the Dead Ringer's function was likely inspired by that ability. However, in , feigning death was limited to being rendered immobile and having to hope that the enemy would have already passed by when you decided to get up. On the third day of the Sniper vs. Spy Update where the Razorback was introduced, the Dead Ringer can be seen in the "dead" Spy's hand, despite the fact that it wouldn't be officially announced until the next day. [1]
The Dead Ringer is mentioned by the Heavy in Poker Night at The Inventory during a fold response with the line; "The cards flop worse than Spy with Dead Ringer."
Gallery
RED first-person view.
BLU first-person view.
Unused world model.
References
This is a relationship blog, that means we will cover all parts of relationships and how to deal with them, including how to start one (how to pick up chicks, woot! and for girls, how to attract the RIGHT guy), how to deal with various problems once it gets going, how to make your partner happy, dealing with marriage, dealing with break-up and divorce, how to get your ex back (if you want), how to move on when it's over, etc. etc. etc.
Right now I'd just like to cover a few very general, basic, ground rules for relationships that I've gotten from my own experience and from talking with friends:
Choose a partner wisely and well. We are attracted to people for all kinds of reasons. They remind us of someone from our past. They shower us with gifts and make us feel important. Evaluate a potential partner as you would a friend; look at their character, personality, values, their generosity of spirit, the relationship between their words and actions, their relationships with others.
No “zinging.” Many of us think a little, friendly “zing” or sarcastic remark is harmless. Not so. In fact, one of the number-one indicators of underlying conflict or negativity within a work environment or relationship is increased sarcasm. There is nothing harmless about it. (teasing is ok, just don't be insulting, no matter how mild or ‘harmless' you think it is)
Don't interrupt. It's not only rude, but it often creates the opposite of what we want to achieve. When we interrupt, we generally think we will end or reduce the length of the conversation, but the opposite is true.
Respect, respect, respect. Inside and outside the relationship, act in ways so that your partner always maintains respect for you. Mutual respect is essential to a good relationship.
Learn to negotiate. Modern relationships no longer rely on roles cast by the culture. Couples create their own roles, so that virtually every act requires negotiation. It works best when good will prevails. Because people's needs are fluid and change over time, and life's demands change too, good relationships are negotiated and renegotiated all the time.
Accept and embrace your partner's differences.
You get out of it what you put into it.
Remember your partner isn't perfect. Many times we love our partner so much that we see them as more perfect than other people in our life. In this light, we hold them to an ideal, one that embraces the thought that this person will not hurt us.
Treat your spouse with the respect and kindness you show your friends. You married your best friend, but sometimes you may not feel this way. Still, they deserve the courtesies and kindness you bestow on your friends. (maybe seems stupidly obvious, but if you've ever seen a couple quarreling and saying things to each other so nasty that you wouldn't say them to your worst enemy, you know what I mean)
Make Time to Cuddle. Cuddling is romantic and proven to produce closeness between couples. However, spouses should part ways once they drift off into a deep sleep. If not, they will only wake up to a hot, sweaty, clingy entanglement. This is obviously not what spouses want to associate cuddling with.
Keep the drama out of your relationship! Many people have a secret (or not so secret) penchant for drama. The popularity of reality tv shows is evidence of this phenomenon. And it's not just women tuning in to watch the highly competitive and sometimes back-stabbing among “Project Runway” designers and models for example. High-adrenaline shows marketed towards men like “Deadliest Catch” about the Alaskan crab fishing industry is wrought with tension, fighting, mishaps and roller coaster emotions. Drama is just fine when you choose to watch it on tv, but it can prevent connection in your love relationship.
I just saw U2 3D film (click here to view it) and I was very impacted by this concert. Bono's message of peace pervaded the entire film and along with the dynamic music and talented musicians, this was quite an experience.
The message was clear in this film–Coexist even though we are all different.
Advertisements
Is achieving financial freedom an important goal in your life?
If it is, don't follow the conventional wisdom of buying the most expensive house you can afford.
Sure, by buying the biggest house you can afford you can grow into it, live in it longer and maybe even avoid a costly trade up in a few years. Fair enough.
But when it comes to achieving financial freedom, buying the most expensive house you can afford is the exact opposite of what you want to do.
In fact it can be said that the more expensive your home is the less chance you have of ever attaining financial freedom.
Expensive homes and financial freedom are what you might call “mutually exclusive”—having one reduces your chance of getting the other.
How could that be?
A house determines general consumption patterns
Most homebuyer's hyper-focus on monthly payment as the main barometer of affordability. But owning a certain home is about so much more than the mortgage payment.
The more expensive the home, the more it costs for everything connected to it. That includes property taxes, insurance, utilities and maintenance of course, but there's even more.
The type of home you live in often determines the kind of car you drive, the clothes you buy, the vacations you take and even the restaurants you eat in. Buying a more expensive home in a more expensive neighborhood is like instant lifestyle creep!
More expensive homes are usually located in more expensive neighborhoods and more expensive communities. Consumption patterns are often socially driven, that is, we tend to buy in ways similar to the people in our immediate social orbit. It follows that you'll buy more expensive everything if you live in a $500,000 home as compared with a $250,00 home.
Not only do you pay more for the house, but you pay more for everything else each year that you live in the home.
A primary component of financial freedom is keeping your living costs low—an expensive house will hurt that effort on nearly every front.
A high house payment denies you options in a crisis
I think it's fair to say that most people are pretty optimistic when they buy a home—no, let's say they're extremely optimistic when buying a home.
Yeah, that's better.
Where am I going with this? If you're optimistic, you buy the most expensive house—with the biggest monthly payment—you can afford. But what happens if you hit one of those unfortunate life situations we can loosely refer to as a reversal?
That can come in any form and they seem to be only more common these days than they have been in a very long time. I'm talking about a job loss, an income reduction, a medical disaster or any event that results in a decline in your financial situation.
The smaller your house payment, the more easily you'll weather the storm, and the more quickly you'll recover from it.
Reversals come in life—what really matters is maximizing our options to deal with them.
Since your house payment is probably the biggest single expense you have, the lower it is, the more options you'll have for dealing with any crisis. The sooner you can put a crisis behind you, the sooner you can get back on the road toward financial freedom.
An out-sized house can increase debt
A house that's at the upper end of your affordability range will leave you with less money for everything else.
The less money you have for everything else, the closer you are going into debt. I'm not talking about your mortgage here either.
Since consumption patterns are heavily influenced by the size and cost of your home, it follows that if your house is at the upper end of your affordability range, it's more than a remote possibility that everything else in your life will be too. That's living on the financial edge, and people who live in that gray zone have a high propensity to use debt to fill in the financial gaps.
If you live in a less expensive home—meaning a home that's well below your maximum ability to qualify—your overall cost of living will be lowed and you'll be less likely to need debt to pay for anything.
One of the foundations of financial freedom is being debt free; that's much easier to achieve when you're monthly house payment is well below you're maximum level.
The lower your mortgage the faster you can pay it off
If you buy a home that's beneath your means it follows that the mortgage on the house will also be lower. The smaller your mortgage, the easier it will be to pay it off ahead of schedule.
Owning your home free and clear is a big step toward financial freedom.
The more money you sink into a house the less you have for investing
In the mortgage world, the rule of thumb is that your fixed monthly house payment should not exceed 28% of your stable monthly income. Most people will go right up to that number on the payment to determine what price house to buy.
But let's say you decide that you aren't going to commit 28% of your income to your house payment—you're going to cap it at 18%. If you make $10,000 per month, you want to limit your house payment to $1,800, even though you could go up to $2,800 per month and buy a much bigger house.
By making the choice to keep your house payment low—and to live in a much less expensive home—you'll free up $1,000 of income each month. That's and extra $12,000 per year!
If you invest $1,000 each month in mutual funds at 6%, at the end of 30 years—the time it would take to pay off a typical mortgage—you'd have just over $1 million saved!
Would an extra $1 million help you attain financial freedom?
Finally
Lower living expenses, more options in a crisis, less debt, paying off your mortgage sooner, an extra million dollars or so—can you see how financial freedom starts with a lower house payment?
The Chinese government directly sponsors and supports an army unit responsible for systematic cyber espionage and data theft around the world, according to a new report from computer security firm Mandiant.
The report, released on Tuesday morning and first revealed in this New York Times Story, reveals the existence of Chinese People's Liberation Army Unit 61398, a secret agency situated on Datong Road in the Pudong New Area of Shanghai. Mandiant estimates that the unit may be staffed by thousands of people, and says it may be responsible for a majority of attacks against American corporate and government computer networks.
Mandiant says it has been tracking computer security breaches at hundreds of organizations around the world since 2004, and eventually came to believe a large number of them of them were initiated by a group referred to as “Advanced Persistent Threat 1,” or APT1. In January 2010, the company speculated that the Chinese government might be sponsoring the hackers, but had no proof; now Mandiant says it is convinced that's the case.
"The details we have analyzed during hundreds of investigations convince us that the groups conducting these activities are based primarily in China and that the Chinese Government is aware of them," Mandiant says in the report. "From our unique vantage point responding to victims, we tracked APT1 back to four large networks in Shanghai, two of which are allocated directly to the Pudong New Area... Our analysis has led us to conclude that APT1 is likely government-sponsored and one of the most persistent of China's cyber threat actors. We believe that APT1 is able to wage such a long-running and extensive cyber espionage campaign in large part because it receives direct government support."
Key findings of the report include:
• Since 2006, APT1 has compromised the networks of at least 141 companies spanning 20 major industries, and then revisited those networks over the course of months or years to steal "broad categories of intellectual property, including technology blueprints, proprietary manufacturing processes, test results, business plans, pricing documents, partnership agreements, and emails and contact lists from victim organizations' leadership."
• 87% of APT1's corporate targets are headquartered in countries where English is the native language, and belong to industries that China "has identified as strategic to their growth."
• AP1's attacks are of such a high volume and duration that the operators "would need to be directly supported by linguists, open source researchers, malware authors, industry experts who translate task requests from requestors to the operators, and people who then transmit stolen information to the requestors... APT1 would also need a sizable IT staff dedicated to acquiring and maintaining computer equipment, people who handle finances, facility management, and logistics (e.g., shipping)."
Companies that have apparently been targeted by Unit 61398 include the Coca-Cola Company, Lockheed Martin, and EMC's security division, RSA. On January 30, The New York Times Company revealed its own run-in with Chinese hackers; the company says it hired Mandiant to investigate that attack but concluded it was not the work of Unit 61398.
The Chinese embassy denied the claims in Mandiant's report, and told The New York Times that the government does not engage in computer hacking. Mandiant says that the available evidence makes a strong case that APT1 is Unit 61398, but concedes the "unlikely possibility" that "a secret, resourced organization full of mainland Chinese speakers with direct access to Shanghai-based telecommunications infrastructure is engaged in a multi-year, enterprise scale computer espionage campaign right outside of Unit 61398's gates, performing tasks similar to Unit 61398's known mission."
More on this story:
Mandiant: "APT1: Exposing One of China's Cyber Espionage Units" (PDF)
The New York Times: "Chinese Army Unit Is Seen as Tied to Hacking Against U.S."
You can now pre-order my book, Of Dice and Men: The Story of Dungeons & Dragons and The People Who Play It. You can also follow me on Twitter, Facebook or Google +.
Also on Forbes:
Image caption Peter Robinson said it was important that people continued to get value for money when they use public transport.
The First Minister has said the Stormont Executive has no intention of privatising rail and bus services in Northern Ireland.
Peter Robinson said it was important that people continued to get value for money when they use public transport.
He was speaking after a report by the Regional Development Committee recommended that private operators be allowed to tender for running services.
The report said that should include the planned Belfast Rapid Transit.
Peter Robinson and North Belfast MP Nigel Dodds met members of the UNITE union at Stormont who lobbied politicians against privatisation.
UNITE regional secretary, Jimmy Kelly, told the BBC that "we are proud of our service and we are here to protect it".
He also said that his members viewed the report "as the start of privatisation".
DRD committee chair Jimmy Spratt criticised the reporting of leaks of the report saying it was "spurious" to suggest it backed the privatisation of Translink.
Regional Development Minister Danny Kennedy said he was against any suggestion that services should be put out to tender.
Mr Kennedy said: "The committee's privatisation suggestion would inevitably result in widespread service cuts, something I am not prepared to support."
He said he was "disappointed with the quality and thrust of the report" and could not support it.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Protesters cut cables and smashed broadcast equipment, as Shahzeb Jillani reports
Pakistan's national television channel is back on air after security forces removed anti-government protesters from its headquarters in Islamabad.
Troops were sent in to regain control from demonstrators who had forced their way into the PTV offices.
Earlier, fresh clashes erupted between protesters and police in the capital.
Protesters loyal to opposition leader Imran Khan and cleric Tahirul Qadri want PM Nawaz Sharif to resign. He denies corruption and electoral fraud.
Both Mr Khan and Mr Qadri have called for calm and asked their supporters to co-operate with the army.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption As demonstrators stormed the PTV station, the presenter said there was ''no reason to panic''
Mr Sharif, who insists he will not quit, has met the country's powerful army chief, Gen Raheel Sharif, for talks on the crisis. The president has called a joint session of parliament for Tuesday.
Analysis: M Ilyas Khan, BBC News, Islamabad
The brief but alarming occupation of Pakistan Television underlines a deepening political crisis. The fact that anti-government activists got into a building that troops were apparently guarding has also prompted some to question the army's role.
Troops did move in swiftly to eject the protesters, illustrating they can control the violence. And overnight, the army cleared demonstrators from Parliament House after they used trucks to smash through its outer fence. But the army has made no arrests and a form of anarchy reigns on Islamabad's high-security Constitution Avenue, where crowds have been gathered for nearly three weeks.
A popularly elected government, which now also has the support of almost all opposition forces, is being cornered by a minority political group and the followers of a cleric who runs a charity network.
The government says its restrained response to rioters is meant to avoid bloodshed. But for many, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is on the back foot and short of options.
A number of policemen are reported to have been injured in Monday's violence.
Thousands of demonstrators - some wielding batons and throwing stones - moved on the main building housing Pakistan's federal bureaucracy and Prime Minister's House.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Demonstrators have been taking part in a sit-in in the capital for two weeks
Riot police were forced to retreat from the main road in front of parliament, Constitution Avenue.
Protesters attacked vehicles and set fire to shipping containers placed on the street as roadblocks.
Crowds of angry young protesters, many wielding batons, met little resistance as they stormed the PTV building.
Private news channels showed live pictures of protesters shouting slogans and barging into recording studios and smashing equipment.
Shortly afterwards troops arrived and peacefully escorted the demonstrators out of the building before transmissions resumed.
On Sunday night protesters used trucks to smash through the outer fence of the parliament building, even though the building was guarded by troops, the BBC's M Ilyas Khan in Islamabad reports.
Demonstrators have been taking part in a sit-in in the centre of the capital for two weeks.
Protests had been peaceful until Saturday, when violence broke out. Three people died and hundreds were injured.
Last year's elections marked Pakistan's first civilian transfer of power. Mr Sharif won by a landslide and BBC correspondents say the vote was deemed to have been generally fair.
JULY 26--Five out of five dentists surveyed would find this story vile.
A North Carolina man suspected of injecting semen into the mouths of six female patients is this week facing an administrative hearing that could result in his license being yanked.
According to a notice served on Dr. John Hall, the 41-year-old doc once told a patient who was bleeding that, "he was going to put something in her mouth that would taste funny, but would stop the bleeding." Hall then allegedly used a syringe to inject semen into her mouth and told her she could "swallow it," investigators charge.
Another woman told Hall the substance he was about to shoot into her mouth "smelled like sperm."
While four other women all have similar stories, a seventh patient alleged that Hall jumped on her while she was in his dental chair and began to "gyrate against her lower body in a sexual manner."
The State Board of Dental Examiners initially suspended Hall's license, but reinstated him earlier this year on the condition that he not be alone with female patients. Several law enforcement agencies are probing Hall, who has maintained his innocence in the North Carolina administrative proceedings. (10 pages)
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — John Chayka knows there is a rumor swirling that he never slept this offseason. On Thursday at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess resort, the Coyotes general manager admitted it was largely true.
“For me, it was like starting up a business,” Chayka said after the Coyotes Faceoff Luncheon. “If you're not doing everything you can to be profitable, odds are you're not going to be profitable.”
The Coyotes should profit from Chayka's offseason work. Since late June, he and the Coyotes scouting and hockey operations staffs have stocked the cupboard with a handful of defensive prospects at the NHL Draft, signed free-agent defensemen Alex Goligoski, Luke Schenn and Jamie McBain, signed free-agent forwards Jamie McGinn, Radim Vrbata and Ryan White, re-signed Shane Doan, Connor Murphy, Michael Stone, Tobias Rieder, and made several other moves.
“We approached the offseason knowing we wanted to be aggressive and we needed to make some significant changes to the roster and we knew we had some players coming so we needed to be in the right position to support that growth,” Chayka said. “We needed to just hunker down and look at all the possibilities, all the potential deals.”
Chayka's nocturnal habits first came to light when the Coyotes completed a deal with the Florida Panthers on Aug. 25 to acquire Lawson Crouse and Dave Bolland at 1 a.m. Arizona time — a deal Chayka said Thursday was months in the making.
I am becoming convinced that Coyotes GM John Chayka runs on about 4 hours of sleep per day. — Craig Morgan (@craigsmorgan) August 25, 2016
“It never stopped all summer and when adrenaline kicks in and you get close on a deal, you can go days on end without needing sleep or rest or recovery,” he said. “I have a very understanding wife who allows me to work the hours I do.”
It may seem odd to complete a deal with a team for which it was 4 a.m. Eastern Time, but Chayka wasn't sheepish about picking up the phone one final time and making the call that completed the deal.
“Credit to the guys in Florida because they work hard, too, and they were always available,” he said. “The league is pretty good that way. We understand that if there's a deal, time doesn't matter.”
The evolving product the Coyotes put on the ice will determine if Chayka was successful, but the new hockey operations triumvirate of Chayka, president of hockey operations Gary Drummond and executive vice president of hockey operations Dave Tippett has put its stamp on the franchise quickly.
“Oftentimes, we get into some pretty critical discussions,” Chayka said. “They're never personal; they're always based on what is best for the organization but we all come at it from different angles.
“Gary has a really logical mind that breaks down and synthesizes information really well. Tip has that experience and knowledge; he's been through so much and he can draw upon that. I bring youth and energy and some ideas and some creativity.
“It's kind of the same mix we're talking about with our team.”
Chayka believes the Coyotes have assembled a good, albeit young team for the 2016-17 season, which opens Saturday at Gila River Arena against the Philadelphia Flyers. That said, he admits to being frustrated that he couldn't do more.
“He's going to tell you that for the next 25 years,” Tippett said, chuckling. “Nobody has a perfect team, but John is very intelligent and very thorough. Working with him and Gary, it's been good. We collaborate on a lot of stuff and usually we come to the same conclusions.”
Its no secret the Coyotes would like to add a top-four, right-handed defenseman to their roster, but Chayka said there were other deals for forwards and even goaltenders they explored — deals that ultimately fell through or were deemed unwise.
“Even teams that win Stanley Cups are looking for ways to tweak or improve their team,” he said. “I have high standards for myself and this organization so you're never done.”
Follow Craig Morgan on Twitter
Follow @craigsmorgan
Many compla­in the proble­m has become worse since Prime Minist­er Nawaz Sharif came to power last year.
RAHIM YAR KHAN: The mob arrived at around midnight, brandishing clubs. They smashed statues, looted gold artefacts and then set the Hindu temple ablaze.
An accusation of blasphemy sparked the attack in the town of Larkana, human rights activists said, part of a spike in violence against Hindus in predominately Muslim Pakistan.
March was the worst month for attacks on Hindus in 20 years with five temples attacked, up from nine during the whole of 2013, said Life for All, a rights group. But it's not just Hindus who feel victimised.
All minorities in the country – Hindus, Christians, Ahmadis and even Shia Muslims – feel that the state fails to protect them, and even tolerates violence against them.
Many complain the problem has become worse since Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif came to power last year.
Non-Muslims make up a small fraction of the 180 million people in nuclear-armed Pakistan.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the hero of the country's creation as a haven for the sub-continent's Muslims, ushered in independence in 1947 with a promise to minorities that they would enjoy freedom of worship and equality without discrimination.
But for many members of Pakistan's minorities those words ring hollow.
The US Commission on Religious Freedom said in a recent report that conditions in Pakistan had “hit an all-time low” and governments had failed to adequately protect minorities and arrest perpetrators of crimes against them.
“Pakistan is increasingly failing to protect its minorities for two broad reasons: principally, rising religious intolerance and the space ceded to violent ideologies,” said Sherry Rehman, who was a government minister and ambassador to the United States under the previous administration.
Activists say tolerance of militancy provides cover for opportunist attacks by those who just want to grab land, homes or businesses of minority neighbours under the guise of religion.
Hindus and members of other minorities say the situation has worsened since Nawaz won an election last year. Nawaz has close ties with Saudi Arabia, whose brand of conservative Wahhabi Islam is preached by many of the people who denounce minorities.
‘Impunity'
Whatever the cause of the surge of violence and abuse, many Hindus in Punjab are feeling beleaguered and increasingly looking to get out. More than 100 families are leaving for India each month, rights groups say.
Among those who have gone were Munawar Jee's brothers and their families after his married sister was kidnapped last year. Her abductors got her certified as a Muslim convert and re-married her off the next day. Recanting Islam would mean she could legally be put to death.
“Losing my sister is the biggest regret of my life,” Jee told Reuters at his shoe shop in Punjab's Rahim Yar Khan district. He said he would soon join his family in India.
Hindus say their women are easy targets for rape or forced marriage. Temples are attacked and looted. Accusations of blasphemy, punishable by death, are increasingly being used to drive Hindus from their homes, they say.
Punjab, the prime minister's heartland, had until recently been a refuge for Hindus compared with some other areas.
But the province has also become a power base for militant groups.
Federal Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid did not return calls seeking comment on policy towards minorities. A Punjab government spokesperson rejected the suggestion that authorities were not doing enough to help Hindus.
“The government is committed to protect its religious minorities,” said Shoaib Bin Aziz, adding he was not aware of an increase of Hindus leaving. He denied that the provincial government was soft on militancy.
“Terrorists are not friends of anyone,” he said. “The Punjab government does not have soft corner for any terrorist organisation.”
Hindu activist Kirshan Sharma said such reassurances meant little. The government refused to protect Hindus, he said.
“What hope can Hindus see in the country's future?” Sharma questioned.
Read full story
Trigger Warning: This post, as well as the posts linked inside it, discusses sexual assault, rape culture, and victim blaming.
I've been following some conversations here on Feministe and here at Shakesville about an article to which I will not link directly. The article in question advocates that women not get drunk in order to “have control over” our “side of the equation” when it comes to sexual assault. There are terms for that– namely, victim blaming and rape apology.
While it's not as simple as man-as-rapist and woman-as-victim, what is simple is this — Rape is not an equation; it's a fundamental inequality. There are many different choices I could have made the night I was raped. But there is no choice I could have made that would have made my rapist not a rapist. That was never my choice, and it shouldn't have been my responsibility to carry all these years.
Don't think I haven't replayed the situation thousands of times in my head, analyzing and reanalyzing it from every angle. Don't think I haven't tried blaming myself. Really, it would have been a lot easier that way. If I'd done something wrong that time, then I could change course. I could fix it for next time.
But here's the thing: None of my choices hurt anyone else. When talking to people about rape, either personally or in the abstract, there's often a supposition that I must regret at least some of the decisions I made that night. For me, though, that's not true. While I would like to alter the outcome, I don't regret the choices I made that got me there. Because my choices were never the problem.
I went to a party at a friend's. Parties are good, right? So are friends. I was even sociable and friendly at said party, which, if I am understanding the world correctly, is not an automatic green light into my vagina (and/or other orifices of choice). In the intervening years, I've been to parties in less familiar places with people I knew less well — and again, was even sociable and friendly. Some events were good and some bad, but there's nothing inherent about friends or parties that must lead to violating criminal acts.
I stayed out late. As a legal adult, I'm sort of entitled to define my own bedtime. It wasn't the first time I've stayed out that late, nor was it the latest I've stayed out. Generally, the natural consequence that stems from this decision is that I end up very sleepy.
I wore short shorts. And probably a tank top, maybe with spaghetti straps, even. It was summer, and my legs are kind of awesome. Just like every summer before and every summer since, I've found shorts incredibly convenient for not steaming inside my own clothes. My parents have been letting my dress myself ever since they discovered I could, and aside from some early unfortunate incidents with matching, that has mostly worked out okay.
I was alone with a man. This is sort of the kicker, the one people think I should regret, where they think I should have known better. In reality, I've been alone with many men — friends, family, colleagues, strangers — and the general trend is that they don't assault me. I suppose, yes, I could never again have a personal relationship that places me alone with another person, but that seems cumbersome at best and something that would lead to an unsatisfying and unhappy life for me. I'll pass, thanks.
The long and short of it is that I'm not sorry, and I wouldn't do anything differently. I'm not saying there is no shame or regret to be had from my rape. But the person who should be feeling it — and the person who should have been subjected to so much scrutiny over the years — was never me.
Advertisements
“If true, this is the setup of all time,” says Limbaugh
Julie Wilson
Infowars.com
September 3, 2013
Conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh acknowledges building evidence that the chemical weapons attack in Syria was staged to frame President Bashar al-Assad.
On Tuesday's broadcast of the Rush Limbaugh show, the talk show host acknowledged reports from the Associated Press that the admitted intelligence on Syria's chemical weapons attack was “no slam dunk.”
He also announced he believes Obama may have been “complicit” in the attack and possibly helped plan it.
Limbaugh expressed doubt over allegations Assad used chemical weapons against his own people. Limbaugh asked if the allegations are true, what does Assad have to gain?
On Saturday morning, the talk show host received a note from a friend who spent time in the Middle East. In the note, Limbaugh's friend vouched for Assad, claiming there's “nothing in it for him,” and “he's not that kind of guy,” describing the note as “almost a personal reference for Bashar.”
Limbaugh initially dismissed the claim and filed the note away stating “everybody wants to do my job” and “everybody wants to influence what I say.”
“Anybody can write me anything and say anything, says Limbaugh. I have to be very careful.
“I just can't accept what somebody sends me in an email and run with it. So, I ran the theory by a couple of people whose opinion on these things I respect over the years. They both said ‘Na, na, na, that's a little crazy.'”
However, Limbaugh changed his mind when he discovered another piece making similar accusations by a journalist named Yossef Bodansky.
In the article Bodansky argues the “deception playing out in Syria is a deception similar to the one used in Sarajevo in 1995 to provoke air strikes against the Serbs for the benefit of the Bosnian Muslims.”
According to Limbaugh, “If this is true, this is the setup of all time.”
The article alleges the “US had intel involvement dating a week before the alleged chemical weapons attack in meetings that were anticipating a war changing event.”
“We could be looking at a frame job. Pretty big setup,” says Limbaugh.
“The rebels nerve gassed themselves in order to engineer a response that takes out Bashar, putting the US on the side of Al-Qaeda,” alleges Mr. Bodansky.
Limbaugh's skepticism of the White House narrative regarding the chemical weapons attack in Syria adds to the growing list of people who believe the attack to be a staged false flag event. Talk radio giant Rush Limbaugh joins a long list of credible experts, who see evidence the Obama administration helped staged the chemical weapons attack in Syria with Al-Qaeda to frame the Assad regime. This list now includes Pat Buchanan, Ron Paul, Rand Paul and Jerome Corsi.
This article was posted: Tuesday, September 3, 2013 at 2:52 pm
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Jump to the draft kit.
We're well into August, which means American Football is back. The offseason is always excruciating, and no amount of baseball or US soccer can fill the void that football leaves. Though the regular season starts in a few weeks, the hype and preparation has already begun – specifically surrounding fantasy football. Of all the fantasy sports, fantasy football reigns supreme. To help you crush your opponents, I've returned with the latest edition of my interactive fantasy football draft kit built in Tableau.
This will be the fourth year I've created this kit. Some years have been great, others plagued with injuries. The truth is that no matter how hard you scrutinize the numbers, there are always unpredictable variables that will affect the course of your season. Though this kit doesn't guarantee success, it does allow you to have all the information you need to make educated choices.
I'm staying with my usual data provider because they aggregate projections from multiple sites instead of one “expert.” There's also some advanced analysis on whether expert rankings or stat projections are more effective. Hint: It's stat projections.
How to Use This Kit
The kit works very much the same as last year's. This Tableau viz is meant to be used while you draft your league. The design is simple, and only the most pertinent info is displayed to eliminate confusion.
The draft list can be found in the middle of the dashboard and is the most important part. It shows you which player to draft next base on Value Over Replacement (VOR). More info on VOR is provided below.
At the bottom-right, you'll see available players per position (non-DF/K) by point expectation buckets. As you take players off the board, the chart will update and show you the remaining talent pool.
The bottom-middle chart shows the top ten teams by total expected fantasy points. This is useful when choosing between players with close VORs. A team projected to score more points will also be more likely to spread those points around better than those that score less. You can filter the draft list by clicking the position spread at the bottom-left and the team list at the bottom-middle.
The draft list is automatically sorted by Value Over Replacement, which is the most important metric in good draft strategies. Each player's information (team, BYE, etc.), their VOR, expected range of points with consensus target and last year's actual total points are displayed alongside the relative risk per player. There's a glossary of these acronyms at the bottom of this post if you need a refresher.
New this year: Average auction draft values per player ($200 standard pool), age and years in NFL. Users can toggle between showing the Risk calculation or Auction Value.
I recommend reading through this whole post and familiarizing yourself with the all the acronyms. You might even practice drafting before you do the real thing. It will give you familiarity with taking players off, filtering by position or team and keeping up with the draft in general.
I like to use a laptop when drafting so I can check news and depth charts to avoid injured or benched players. It's a safe strategy to pick whomever is at the top of the draft list when it's your turn. Second quarterback is the exception here, but you can do that much later in the draft. I also recommend not drafting a team defense or a kicker. You won't want more than one of either during the season, especially when you draft.
NOTE: As each player is picked, they need to be cleared from the draft list by clicking their name (or anything else on the row, circles/etc.) and clicking “Exclude” from the pop-up OR by typing a portion of their name in the “Remove Player from Board” box, hitting enter, then clicking the player.
Standard Scoring Draft Kit
If you don't know your league's scoring system, use this version.
Points Per Reception (PPR) Draft Kit
Metrics
Some of the terms you'll need to be familiar with to use these kits, pulled from the VBR data source:
Rank : Overall rank by VOR.
POS : Position
VOR : Value Over Typical Replacement Player. Used to rank players across positions. Calculated by comparing players' projected points to a “typical” replacement player at the same position (determined by VOR baseline values). For more info on how VOR is calculated, see here .
here Points : Average projected points for a player across analysts.
ECR Rank : Expert Consensus Ranking from FantasyPros .
FantasyPros Pos Rank : Position rank.
ADP : Average draft position.
AAV : Average auction value.
Risk : Risk of injury and degree of uncertainty of players' projected points, calculated as the average of: 1) injury risk from Sports Injury Predictor and 2) the standard deviation of the players' projected points and rankings across analysts. Standardized to have a mean of 5 and a standard deviation of 2 (higher values reflect greater risk).
ADP can help you identify if a player is going too early/late in your draft and is a great place to look for value later in the draft. If you've been diligently drafting by VOR and have a good team, but you still need an RB or WR on the bench, ADP can help you identify players that are available later than they should be. Your drafting site should be keeping track of what pick number your draft is at all times. If it's the 100th pick and you see an ADP of 65 available, you should take a peek at that player's news (linked when you click on a player in my draft kit) to see if there's something going on with that player. Likewise, you'll want to avoid drafting an ADP of 65 if it's only the 20th pick.
Finally, remember that whatever you do on this Tableau dashboard won't affect your actual draft. You still need to draft your players on your website. Be sure to also keep up with draft pick filtering as players go off the board. If you don't, you may waste time drafting an unavailable player and scrambling for a replacement.
NOTE: If you'd prefer to download the full workbook and dataset to your desktop, head to this link.
Did you find a good deal on a bunch of avocados? If so, you did well. Now you're just wondering what to do with them all. You could get sick of guacamole and you want a little variety. And you're curious about where avocados come from, anyway. Avocados are pretty versatile if you can find the right recipes and they've been around for a while.
Cutting Up Avocados
Do you know the right way to cut up an avocado? Believe it or not, there are actual videos on Youtube of people who mangle their avocado chopping. Here's the right way to do it.
Avocados are technically a type of berry that has been cultivated in central-southern Mexico since 500 B.C. The Aztecs believed that they could help fertility, a myth that persists to the modern era. When the Spanish Conquistadors invaded, they named this fruit aguacate.
Judge R.B. Orb was responsible for introducing avocados to California in 1871. Growers were quick to realize its economic potential and attempted to grow several varieties with varying success. The Hass avocado was one that caught on. California currently accounts for about 90% of avocado production.
The average avocado tree can produce between 60 and 150 pounds of avocados a year and can be grown at home with a little patience and effort.
Beer-battered Fried Avocado Slices
Probably not fair to do this to a harmless avocado, but they are tasty.
Ingredients:
1 cup lager beer or ale
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 ½ tsp paprika
2 cloves garlic, minced
2 California avocados
Vegetable oil as needed
Your favorite salsa
Method:
Whisk together beer, flour, paprika and garlic in a bowl. Let stand 2 hours. Peel avocados and slice each into 6 equal-sized wedges. Coat avocado wedges with batter. Deep-fry in hot oil for three minutes until batter is golden brown. Repeat as needed until all avocado wedges are fried. Serve hot with salsa.
Avocado Smoothies
Califonia Avocado Zucchini Soup
Ingredients:
4 cups chicken or vegetable broth, divided
1 onion chopped
4 green onions, chopped
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
Salt and pepper to taste
1/8 tsp ground nutmeg
2 cups zucchini sliced
2 cups avocados, peeled, seeded and chopped
Method:
Combine 1 cup broth, onion, green onions, garlic, salt, pepper and nutmeg in large pot. Heat to boiling; reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add remaining broth and zucchini; return to boil, cover with lid and simmer 20 minutes. Allow to cool slightly. Puree zucchini mix and avocado in batches in a food processor or use a handheld food processor to puree evenly. Return to pot and warm through. Serve warm in soup bowls with favorite garnishes.
Avocado Parathas
Angel Hair Pasta with Avocado and Salmon
Ingredients:
1 26-ounce jar Alfredo sauce
½ pound uncooked angel hair pasta
1 ripe avocado peeled and diced
2 Tbsp lemon juice
1 pound salmon, cooked, skinned and chopped into bite-sized pieces
1/3 cup black olives
4 ounces cauliflower, steamed
3 Tbsp chopped fresh dill
Ground black pepper to taste
Method:
Heat Alfredo sauce in saucepan; keep warm on low. Cook angel hair pasta according to package instructions. Toss diced avocado with lemon juice. Toss together pasta, avocado with lemon juice, salmon, cauliflower, and olives. Stir in Alfredo sauce and warm through. Serve garnished with fresh dill and black pepper.
Smoked Salmon Avocado Rolls
Classic Guacamole
…Only because we know you're sick of those packets of guacamole mixes.
Ingredients:
4 ripe avocados
2 Tbsp lemon juice
1 clove garlic, minced
1 tomato, chopped
¼ cup finely chopped onion
1/8 tsp cumin
3 drops hot pepper sauce
Your favorite tortilla chips
Method:
Mash avocados with a fork with garlic and lemon juice. Add tomato, onion, cumin and hot pepper sauce; mix with fork until evenly blended. Chill for half an hour to let flavors blend. Serve with tortilla chips and your favorite beer for that big game or party.
Chocolate Avocado Mousse
More Ways To Use Your Avocados
Tate went from working three innings as a freshman at UC Santa Barbara in 2013 to closing for the Gauchos in 2014 to starting as a junior and becoming the first pitcher selected (No. 4 overall) in the 2015 Draft. Signed for $4.2 million, he owns a pair of electric pitches, a lively 92-98 mph fastball and a sharp 85-89 mph slider.
SURPRISE, Ariz. -- As part of MLBPipeline.com's visit to all 30 Spring Training facilities this month, we will be sitting down with prospects and getting to know them a little better. At Rangers camp, it was No. 4 prospect Dillon Tate.
SURPRISE, Ariz. -- As part of MLBPipeline.com's visit to all 30 Spring Training facilities this month, we will be sitting down with prospects and getting to know them a little better. At Rangers camp, it was No. 4 prospect Dillon Tate.
Tate went from working three innings as a freshman at UC Santa Barbara in 2013 to closing for the Gauchos in 2014 to starting as a junior and becoming the first pitcher selected (No. 4 overall) in the 2015 Draft. Signed for $4.2 million, he owns a pair of electric pitches, a lively 92-98 mph fastball and a sharp 85-89 mph slider.
MLBPipeline.com: Not only are you the highest-drafted player in UC Santa Barbara history, you're also the highest-drafted player in the history of the Urban Youth Academy (an MLB initiative to promote baseball, softball and education in inner cities). How much influence did the Urban Youth Academy have on your career?
• Rangers' big three closing in on big leagues
Tate: After my freshman year, that summer I went to the Urban Youth Academy and started working on my craft a lot. I broke all my mechanics down, threw all my pitches and found out how they came out the best. My pitching coach there was [former big leaguer] Darrell Jackson. So many guys helped me and I did a lot of it on my own. It was like night and day to how I was before, a lot of work to get there. It made a big difference.
MLB Pipeline Spring Training reports
MLBPipeline.com: You had another tremendous experience the next summer in 2014 with the U.S. collegiate team, posting a 0.79 ERA and tying for the team lead with three saves on a staff that included six first-rounders in the 2015 Draft: you, Tyler Jay (Twins), Carson Fulmer (White Sox), James Kaprielian (Yankees), Walker Buehler (Dodgers) and Kyle Funkhouser (Dodgers, did not sign). Who impressed you the most on that staff? How much did you learn from them?
Tate: I remember looking at Team USA late in my freshman year. I realized it was a pretty prestigious thing to go and I made it one of my goals to make that team. On that staff? I'm going to go with Tyler Jay. He threw so many times, maybe four days in a row on point, and it was impressive. They were all impressive. James goes out on the Fourth of July and punches out 12 [in six shutout innings against Chinese Taipei]. Fulmer outstuffed everyone he faced. I was hanging out a lot with the Big West guys, Thomas Eshelman and Justin Garza. Those guys were really competitive and both had great changeups. I asked them, "What is starting pitching like? How do you throw your changeup?" I tried to ask all the guys who were around.
MLBPipeline.com: There's a story that UCSB didn't decide to use you as a starter last year until right before the season began. Is that really true?
Tate: My goal was to start. I worked on my body after the summer to get in shape to start. I was set on starting. The coaches said they thought I would be best in the bullpen, and if that's what the team needed, I was fine. The first week, our starting pitcher who was slated to go on Saturday rolled his ankle really badly, so they had me start. I started on Saturday for two weeks and then they pushed me back to Friday [as the No. 1 starter].
MLBPipeline.com: What was it like dealing with all of the Draft buzz last spring? How much of a distraction was that?
Tate: I don't read anything about myself once the season starts. Even right now I'm not reading about myself. I'll read about other guys, wish my friends well, and that motivates me to want to do better. So I didn't read anything. I was so locked in every week on winning. The only thing I was worried about, and going forward it will be the same thing, is just focusing on getting better every time out. After our season ended, I was trying to figure it out. I looked at all the mock drafts. At that point, it was no longer in my control and I was looking to see what people were thinking.
MLBPipeline.com: What are you trying to work on as you enter your first full year as a pro?
Tate: I have lots of things I need to work on. First and foremost, fastball command. No. 2, throwing my offspeed pitches for strikes. I'll work from there, keep it simple. Once I get those two things better, then I'll take the next step and figure out what I need to do from there. The batters will let you know what you need to work on.
The new Stormtrooper seen in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, the ominously named Death Trooper, has partly received the LEGO treatment.
Created by fan LegoSpencer, this helmet is a full size replica that can be worn. It's made entirely out of genuine LEGO, except for the lighting system. As LEGO doesn't currently produce something that could pull off the effect, a third party product called LifeLites was used.
It was a deviation from what is called a purist build – that is only using official pieces – but it was needed to help create the sinister green glow seen in the movie.
LegoSpencer based the design of parts of the project from this build of a helmet from Halo 3: ODST. The underlying structure of both projects uses dozens of small ball joints. This allows it to pull of angles you wouldn't think possible for LEGO.
To end off on two things Rogue One, there is an official Death Trooper buildable action figure that you can buy in stores. It's not as cool as the K-2SO that you can also buy (and we mentioned in the story about the 3D printed version), but it's a great purchase if you like the design of the character.
Finally, check out our Rogue One review if you're in the small group of people on the fence about seeing this movie.
[Source – The Brother Brick Via YouTube
Taipei, Taiwan (29 July 2015) – G.SKILL International Enterprise Co., Ltd., the world's leading manufacturer of extreme performance memory, solid state storage, power supplies, and gaming peripherals, is extremely thrilled to announce the first retail memory kit to break through the 4000MHz barrier and two brand-new memory series – the Trident Z and Ripjaws V series – with updated performance specifications designed for the latest 6th generation Intel Core Processors and Z170 motherboards!
Trident Z Extreme DDR4 Memory – It's Over 4000!
The new Trident Z DDR4 memory is the successor to the high-end Trident memory series and making its debut on the latest DDR4 standard, designed and tested for the next generation Skylake-S platform! For the first time in the history of extreme memory kits, Trident Z is entering the arena with a 4000MHz memory kit, built with highest-end Samsung IC memory chips and validated on the ASRock Z170 OC Formula motherboard.
Featuring a single-piece design that allows direct heat dissipation from heatspreader to cooling fin, dual-color construction for the ultimate system builds, and extreme XMP 2.0 support for simple overclocking setup that ranges from DDR4-2800MHz all the way to DDR4-4000MHz, nothing else comes close to the brink of extreme. Built with exceptionally hand-screened IC chips selected through a secret process developed from years of overclocking experience, Trident Z is the premier of extreme performance.
Ripjaws V – New Design, New Colors, New Specs
With a new generation, comes a new heat spreader design concept. Game in style; work in style. Ripjaws V is the newest member of the classic performance Ripjaws family, featuring suave new looks in five illuminating colors: Blazing Red, Steel Blue, Radiant Silver, Gunmetal Gray, and Classic Black.
The Ripjaws V series DDR4 memory will be available in kits of various configurations and capacities, comprising of 4GB, 8GB, and 16GB modules with performance ranging from the standard 2133MHz to staggering 3733MHz at ultra-low voltages. The high-density 16GB single modules are manufactured from highly selected Samsung IC memory chips, packing both capacity and performance in a single module. And of course, all high performance kits are XMP 2.0 ready for easy BIOS tuning and setup, as well as rigorously tested under hours of grueling benchmarks and memory validation testing software on the latest motherboards from major motherboard vendors for maximum performance, compatibility, and stability.
With the updated new specifications, your next generation Skylake-S platform can run smoother than ever with more memory capacity options with the brand new Ripjaws V or Trident Z memory kits. See below for a range of specifications that will be available.
About G.SKILL
Established in 1989 by PC hardware enthusiasts, G.SKILL specializes in high performance memory and SSD products, designed for PC gamers and enthusiasts around the world. Combining technical innovation and rock solid quality through our in-house testing lab and talented R&D team, G.SKILL continues to create record-breaking memory for each generation of hardware and hold the no. 1 brand title in overclocking memory.
1. The Shell
The world is your oyster, or really the shell is your oyster. What is the shell? The shell is basically a program that takes your commands from the keyboard and sends them to the operating system to perform. If you've ever used a GUI, you've probably seen programs such as “Terminal” or “Console” these are just programs that launch a shell for you. Throughout this entire course we will be learning about the wonders of the shell.
In this course we will use the shell program bash (Bourne Again shell), almost all Linux distributions will default to the bash shell. There are other shells available such as ksh, zsh, tsch, but we won't get into any of those.
Let's jump right in! Depending on the distribution your shell prompt might change, but for the most part it should adhere to the following format:
Notice the $ at the end of the prompt? Different shells will have different prompts, in our case the $ is for a normal user using Bash, Bourne or Korn shell, you don't add the prompt symbol when you type the command, just know that it's there.
Let's start with a simple command, echo. The echo command just prints out the text arguments to the display.
$ echo Hello World
"Make 'em cry, make 'em laugh, make 'em wait,” Wilkie Collins said of serialisation. But it was Collins's friend Charles Dickens who first kindled the fire of the serialised novel by publishing all 15 of his own in instalments. Dickens turned Victorian England into a vast waiting-room of readers, all crying and laughing in unison over the latest in the life of Little Dorrit or the death of Little Nell.
Nothing bonds a nation like anticipation – witness the great expectations this week over the Scottish referendum and The X Factor. There was something civilising in the patience preached by those big-bearded, frock-coated story-tellers.
So hurrah for The Pigeonhole, the digital publisher which will be releasing Great Expectations next month in its original drip-by-drip, nail-biting, cliff-hanging, nerve-racking form. One hundred and fifty-four years may have passed since the novel's first appearance in the weekly magazine All Year Round, but human nature hasn't changed: we still want, just occasionally, to be on the same page as one another. The shared experience of a slow-moving saga can be a great leveller, as we know from television series such as Breaking Bad and The Bridge. But how much more noble it is to read rather than watch our stories, to return to the magic of the written word.
Not that we have been entirely starved of magic or narrative tension of late. Fans of George R R Martin's fantasy series A Game of Thrones waited six years – six years – for the fifth volume to appear in 2011, and are still tapping their fingers for the sixth. The generation who grew up with Harry Potter also know what it is to cry, to laugh and to wait aeons for the next book, which they would purchase at midnight, having queued in the cold, dressed in wizard's clothing, outside specially opened bookshops. Future Potter-heads, receiving all seven books at birth or inheriting the complete set from their parents, will have no idea how the first readers were affected by this group endurance. For a moment the world was organised around feeding our imaginations: publication was scheduled for Fridays to allow children to stay up all night without the bother of school the next day, and adults would block our ears on public transport to avoid overhearing spoilers.
J K Rowling taught fortitude to the under-11s, which is no mean feat. And what did they do as they waited? They went online to Harry Potter fan-fiction sites to pen their own versions of what would happen next. She therefore encouraged youngsters not only to read, but to write as well.
It turns out that Gun Owners of America executive director Larry Pratt has a David Barton-esque sideline of combing through the Bible to find evidence that God is against gun laws.
At a prayer breakfast in Tulsa earlier this month – which was also attended by Pratt ally Sen. Ted Cruz's father, Rafael – Pratt went through his argument that the Bible is against gun control. We'll spare you the bulk Pratt's biblical scholarship, most of which can be found in this convoluted essay, and leave you with the conclusion.
“I would submit that if we have gun control in this country, then we will know we are under God's judgment,” Pratt told the audience.
One way to know whether God's judgment is upon us, Pratt contended, is to look at whether people are walking around armed. “We should be praying that we will all be able to go around armed, because that will be one outward indicator that we have God's blessing,” Pratt said. “If we're walking around like they are in New York City and San Francisco, we're under his judgment.”
Pratt seems to get a little confused when he attempts to back up this theory with a story from the Book of Samuel about the Israelites going into battle against the Philistines armed with only two swords. He, of course, inserts an anachronistic gun into the Old Testament tale: “That must have been one nasty battle to have gone into battle with only two guys with a gun, everybody else empty-handed.”
Twitter will begin suspending accounts which engage in "hateful conduct" or affiliate with organizations which "use or promote violence against civilians to further their causes" both on and off the platform, following a November announcement. The new rules apply to whatever Twitter deems "hateful," including "hateful images or symbols in your profile image or profile header."
Jack Dorsey, Twitter CEO
Moreover, Twitter will officially begin restricting "trending" content, to wit:
At times, we may prevent certain content from trending.
While many conservative Twitter users have suffered unfair account suspensions, mysterious drops in retweets and likes on controversial tweets, overnight drops in follower count, and unexplained disappearances of trending topics which paint liberals in a bad light, Twitter's new rules effectively allow the social media giant to openly engage in censorship without repercussion.
Via Twitter Help Center:
Abusive Behavior
We believe in freedom of expression and open dialogue, but that means little as an underlying philosophy if voices are silenced because people are afraid to speak up. In order to ensure that people feel safe expressing diverse opinions and beliefs, we prohibit behavior that crosses the line into abuse, including behavior that harasses, intimidates, or uses fear to silence another user's voice. Context matters when evaluating for abusive behavior and determining appropriate enforcement actions. Factors we may take into consideration include, but are not limited to whether: the behavior is targeted at an individual or group of people;
the report has been filed by the target of the abuse or a bystander;
the behavior is newsworthy and in the legitimate public interest. Violence: You may not make specific threats of violence or wish for the serious physical harm, death, or disease of an individual or group of people. This includes, but is not limited to, threatening or promoting terrorism. You also may not affiliate with organizations that - whether by their own statements or activity both on and off the platform - use or promote violence against civilians to further their causes. Abuse: You may not engage in the targeted harassment of someone, or incite other people to do so. We consider abusive behavior an attempt to harass, intimidate, or silence someone else's voice. Hateful conduct: You may not promote violence against, threaten, or harass other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or serious disease. Hateful imagery and display names: You may not use hateful images or symbols in your profile image or profile header. You also may not use your username, display name, or profile bio to engage in abusive behavior, such as targeted harassment or expressing hate towards a person, group, or protected category.
While Twitter's new rules are sure to lead to the purge of countless supremacists, you can say goodbye to Pepe the Frog - a cartoon meme made popular during the 2016 election among Trump voters, which the ADL considers to be a hate symbol despite a small percentage of Pepe memes expressing anti-Semitism or bigotry.
If I get booted from Twitter in the purge tomorrow, you'll be able to find me talking to my kids for once and seeing what it's like outside. — Gavin McInnes (@Gavin_McInnes) December 18, 2017
Last month Twitter suspended it's "blue check mark" verification policy, stating that it will rescind a user's verified status if a person violates company guidelines. With blue checks having become a status symbol over the years, Twitter thinks the system is flawed and needs an overhaul.
“Our agents have been following our verification policy correctly, but we realized some time ago the system is broken and needs to be reconsidered,” CEO Jack Dorsey tweeted in November. “And we failed by not doing anything about it. Working now to fix faster.”
Verification was meant to authenticate identity & voice but it is interpreted as an endorsement or an indicator of importance. We recognize that we have created this confusion and need to resolve it. We have paused all general verifications while we work and will report back soon — Twitter Support (@TwitterSupport) November 9, 2017
The announcement was quickly followed by the removal of blue checks from white nationalist Richard Spencer's account, Unite the Right organizer and former Obama activist Jason Kessler, and conservative Jewish journalist Laura Loomer - who compared the loss of her blue check to the holocaust.
And so it begins. Twitter is quick to call me and others Nazis, but they are literally trying to eradicate my presence. Just like Hitler. https://t.co/qaVWOMKyc0 — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) November 16, 2017
Twitter's recent changes have sparked a stampede of users to competing social network Gab.ai, "a social network that champions free speech, individual liberty, and the free flow of information online. All are welcome."
If I get booted from Twitter in the purge tomorrow,you'll be able to find me on gab????@jimLibertarian #NoRereatNoSurrender ???? https://t.co/AwPZGisICM — Jim Mad Dog Maddox (@jimlibertarian) December 18, 2017
Ahead of the #TwitterPurge make sure you follow me on Gab.ai. You can find me DavidVance. (I am verified over there too!) Let's drain the twitter swamp! — David Vance (@DVATW) November 27, 2017
Not sure what's up with this whole Twitter Purge chatter, but I'm on Gab too at https://t.co/qlOzNJ60i0 https://t.co/YVRUWA81C5 — Jared Beck ???? (@JaredBeck) December 17, 2017
If I get purged in the #TwitterPurge tomorrow you can follow me on my gab.ai account or millennial https://t.co/lctEhhIhR7 & check my YouTube MillennialMillie for updates. — Millie Weaver (@Millie__Weaver) December 18, 2017
At this rate, someday you'll hop on Gab to tell your grandchildren where you were when the great Twitter purge began.
In 2008, Grand Theft Auto IV on console was released in Australia in a censored form. No blood pools, no sexy camera angles. In 2009, though? All is forgiven, all censorship, removed.
How? Well, let's just say that for all the complicated legal issues that make Australia's classification laws more cumbersome than most Americans realise, the Classification Board aren't without blame (though, as we'll get to in a minute, neither are Rockstar). They're woefully inconsistent. They'll let some games in for drug use, but outlaw others. They'll refuse classification for a game featuring polygonal dismemberment, but allow one (Gears 2) that lets you literally bathe up to your waist in blood.
And it's that inconsistency that's probably allowed the following crazy events. See, the original Australian version of GTAIV on console was censored (by, it should be noted, Rockstar themselves, to keep things on schedule and avoid delays). Blood was kept to a minimum, and you couldn't enjoy the same kind of intimate viewing experience with ladies of the night as you could elsewhere.
Advertisement
But when the PC version rolled around later in the year (this time submitted for classification by Rockstar uncut), it passed without incident. It did include blood pools, and it also included the full range of sex-related camera angles, despite being the same game intended for the same audience.
Newly-released expansion Lost & Damned is no different. It's been given an MA15+ rating - the highest permissible in the country - and will have all the blood and sex that was deemed unacceptable less than a year ago in the same country.
Leaving us with this absurd situation: If you boot up your 360 copy of GTAIV and play GTAIV, it's censored. But if you boot up your 360 copy of GTAIV and play L&D, you'll get the full, uncensored experience.
Advertisement
Sigh. Blame the Classification Board (whose precedents no doubt encouraged Rockstar's original self-censoring), blame Rockstar, doesn't matter, any way you look at it this is the latest tale in a long line of frustrating tales for Australian gamers.
Explore this Article Learning the Essentials Finding the Right Note Anywhere Article Summary Questions & Answers Related Articles References
There are This articles was co-authored by Nate Savage . Nate Savage is a professional guitarist with over 16 years of experience teaching guitar to students around the world. His YouTube channel, Guitareo, has over 450,000 subscribers.There are 7 references cited in this article, which can be found at the bottom of the page.
Unlike piano keys, there is no obvious repeating pattern to the notes on a guitar. In order to learn chords, riffs, and songs, you will have to first know the names of the notes of the fretboard. With a little patience and a very basic understanding of guitars and musical theory, anyone can make knowing the notes on a guitar feel like second nature.
Note: This is for "Standard Tuning," the most common string pattern on a guitar. In standard tuning, from topmost string to bottom-most, the open strings are E A D G B E.
A Trip Down Automobile Row Commonwealth Avenue was Boston's original Auto Mile
From the bookstore where you buy your required reading to the supermarket where you get your spinach, Commonwealth Avenue was once the place to shop for Oldsmobiles, Studebakers, Chryslers, and many other cars.
The Kenmore Square building that now houses Barnes & Noble at BU was home to a dealer of Peerless automobiles. The Star Market by Packard's Corner was once a Chevrolet dealership. And in between lay more than a mile of storefronts selling cars, parts, and accessories or repairing cars. In the 1920s there were more than 100 such businesses on and near that strip of Comm Ave. Downtown Boston had its “Piano Row” and its “Newspaper Row.” This was Boston's “Automobile Row.”
During the latter half of the 20th century, BU bought and repurposed many of these buildings. The College of Communication took over 640 Commonwealth Avenue, where long-forgotten Nash vehicles were sold for three decades. At 590 Comm Ave, General Tire and Exide Batteries gave way to the Metcalf Science Center.
Look carefully, and you can still see signs of the area's former life. Buick Street. The Packard Building. The scallop shell sculpted into the façade of the BU Academy—a shell that looks not-so-suspiciously like the Shell Oil logo. The miniature mechanics and motorists who gaze down at student artwork from pillars in the College of Fine Arts. On every block now dominated by Boston University's Charles River Campus, an astute observer can find traces of its automotive past.
The prince of Packard's Corner
Born in 1878, Alvan T. Fuller was a champion bicycle racer, who at age 17 started a bike shop in his hometown of Malden, Mass. After the turn of the century, he decided to bank on a more expensive form of transportation: automobiles. Fuller convinced the Detroit-based Packard Motor Company to name him its exclusive dealer in the Boston area.
By 1908, Fuller believed the motorcar business was about to outgrow the cramped confines of central city locations such as his stall in the Motor Mart in Boston's Park Square. The young entrepreneur looked westward. After decades that saw luxury homes rise in the Back Bay and the Cottage Farm district of Brookline, development had stalled on Comm Ave west of Kenmore Square. Fuller cast his eye on large unbuilt tracts that were close to downtown and accessible by trolley.
The site he chose for his big new Packard dealership was a section of Brighton coincidentally named Packard's Corner—after the nearby horse stable and riding school run by one John D. Packard. Perhaps, not unlike Eddie Murphy's character in Coming to America, who travels to Queens, N.Y., to seek his queen, “Fuller may have been tempted to the neighborhood because of the name,” says William P. Marchione, a member of the Brighton-Allston Historical Society and author of four books about Boston.
Designed by nationally known architect Albert Kahn, the building Fuller erected at 1079-1089 Commonwealth Avenue—now home to condominiums as well as Supercuts and other businesses at street level—was New England's first combined auto salesroom and service station. It included assembly, storage, and repair facilities, as well as offices.
The building's showpiece, however, was its showroom, designed to appeal to the high-end customers then in the market for autos. “Fuller's handsomely furnished showroom had high ceilings and fluted columns, and was lit by a combination of elaborate hanging fixtures and a barrel-vaulted skylight,” writes Marchione in Allston-Brighton in Transition: From Cattle Town to Streetcar Suburb.
At that time, an automobile was a luxury few could afford. Often called a touring car, it was something to be taken out for Sunday spins on “pleasure roads” in the country, not driven to Buffalo to see one's aunt (that's what the train was for) or to work (trolley lines connected most suburbs to the city). Fuller's typical buyer was either wealthy, a committed gearhead hobbyist (considerable assembly was required after purchase), or some combination thereof.
The number of buyers grew in the second decade of the century, and other dealers followed Fuller to Packard's Corner and vicinity, taking advantage of the big open spaces to build or rent spacious showrooms that were ornate by today's standards. “These buildings required large expanses of well-lighted garage space and display areas, and floors capable of supporting heavy loads,” writes Nancy Salzman in Buildings & Builders: An Architectural History of BU. “Their façades were often embellished with vigorous and distinctive designs.”
From 1910 to 1920, at least a dozen dealerships opened on Commonwealth and Brighton Avenues, selling models of Auburn, Rolls-Royce, Hupmobile, Pierce-Arrow, Clark-Crowley, and other brands.
It turns out that Fuller started more than a strip of car dealerships; he started an enduring and nationwide promotional trend. By 1917, the car salesman had begun hosting an annual “open house” on George Washington's birthday, February 22. In those days, people didn't drive in the winter; the city didn't even plow the streets. Even in the late fall, ladies going for a ride in the mostly open-air autos were advised to wear velour and fur “motor robes” and woolen caps and scarves, and to bring a foot muff and a hot water bottle for good measure. Once the real cold weather came, “People just put their car on blocks until the spring.” says Edward Ellis, whose family owned an auto accessories store on Comm Ave for decades. Ellis says the winter break begat the savvy used-car shopper's practice of kicking tires: “Years ago, tires had straw in them, not air,” he says. “If you let them sit in winter, you'd have a flat spot. People used to kick the tires to see if they were resilient and the straw hadn't resettled.” (Or at least, Ellis adds, that's what he was told when he started in the business.)
Fuller figured by late February motorists were ready to check out the year's new Packards. Other dealers followed his lead, offering their own sales and hiring bands and serving cherry pies. “It was a carnival atmosphere on Comm Ave,” says Ellis.
Fuller had become one of the richest men in America, and in 1924, after serving eight years in the state legislature, he won the race for governor, defeating James Michael Curley.
Hallmarks of the halcyon days
On the eve of the Roaring Twenties, the Noyes Buick building was built at 855 Commonwealth Avenue, today home of the College of Fine Arts. The building featured enormous arched windows (now filled in) looking into a showroom with a vaulted, Romanesque ceiling and Corinthian columns. This showroom is now CFA's Stone Gallery. The next time you visit the gallery, look up at the top of the columns. Instead of traditional gargoyles, you'll see gargoyle-like mechanics with wrenches and motorists in caps and goggles.
Automobile Row boomed over the next decade. By 1929, there were 117 car dealerships, garages, and other auto-related businesses lining Commonwealth Avenue and spilling onto Brighton Avenue.
More than 20 years after Fuller opened his Packard complex, automobile ownership was within the reach of a growing number of Americans, and Fuller built an imposing Cadillac-Oldsmobile dealership at 808 Commonwealth Avenue—today CFA's 808 Gallery—across from the BU Bridge (then the Cottage Farm Bridge).
The opulent dealership, also designed by Albert Kahn, was derided initially as “Fuller's Folly,” but combining sales of the luxury Cadillac brand and the workingman's Oldsmobile turned out to be a smart move. Mark Lande, a salesman at Herb Chambers BMW, one of Comm Ave's few remaining dealerships, remembers Fuller's business in its later and still thriving decades: “The shiny red Cadillac Eldorado, rotating on a turntable, caught everyone's attention,” he recalls. “But most people purchased the affordable Oldsmobile.”
Daniel LeClair's office is in 808 Comm Ave, and the Metropolitan College professor's file room was once the vault (now minus the safe) that held Fuller's Caddy and Olds revenues. The street-level showroom is essentially intact, and it still attracts a lot of attention, now with student artwork. A remnant of 808's original purpose remains: a concrete ramp inside the building that makes it possible to drive all the way up to the fifth floor.
A car dealership also occupied the building at 830-844 Commonwealth Avenue, which now houses BU's Photographic Resource Center and Sicilia's Pizzeria. Up the street at 860 Comm Ave was a Pontiac dealership, now the Ski Market block.
Diagonally across Comm Ave from 808 is the BU Academy, at 785 Commonwealth Avenue. This building was once the Shell Oil Company's New England headquarters. Not only are there shells and other aquatic symbols carved into the building's façade, but at one time a giant neon Shell logo loomed from its roof. Built in 1933, the steel sign was 68 feet high. It still exists—but now lives across the river, at a Shell station on Memorial Drive in Cambridge. (Also across the river from 785 Comm: a former Ford assembly plant. It's on your right when you cross the BU Bridge into Cambridge.) The Shell building served for a time as a General Tire outlet, before housing BU's College of General Education, Sargent College, and finally, the BU Academy.
At 1001 Commonwealth Avenue, Ellis the Rim Man was a highly visible remnant of Automobile Row into this century, thanks to its giant billboard. Today the location of Boston's MATCH Charter School, Ellis carried “accessories” like seat belts, rear-view mirrors, radios, and AC units before those became standard parts of a car right out of the factory.
Watch this video on YouTube
End of the road
The Depression was hard on the auto industry all over America. On Boston's Automobile Row, it closed a third of the 117 auto-related businesses, but the district survived, with at least 54 dealerships and many attendant businesses soldiering on.
In the postwar 1950s, the federally built interstate highway system boosted auto sales, and Auto Row enjoyed another peak. But something else was skyrocketing in this period, thanks to the G.I. Bill: college enrollment. Boston University, scattered across several buildings downtown, had bought the tract of land west of Granby Street and north of Comm Ave three decades earlier. After World War II, BU began to consolidate on the Charles River Campus.
Meanwhile, families were moving to the suburbs, and car dealers followed—to places like Norwood's Route 1 “Auto Mile.” By 1975, there were only 21 dealerships on Comm Ave, and by 1981, just 11. Today there are but three, all Herb Chambers stores, all beyond Packard's Corner.
Change has been a constant for the transportation landscape on this stretch of Commonwealth Avenue. Horse-drawn buggies gave way to electrified trolleys, which had to share the road with automobiles. From an environmental perspective, some welcome changes have arrived in the past few years. A joint beautification initiative of BU and the city of Boston widened the sidewalks and planted trees, and the recent addition of a bike lane and the Hubway bike-share program may encourage cyclists to think of the road as theirs as well. Alvan T. Fuller might appreciate the paradox: after all, he started out selling bicycles.
Sources for this story include the works of William P. Marchione, Nancy Salzman, Art Krim, and Keith Morgan. Additional research by Robin Berghaus and Art Jahnke
Patrick L. Kennedy can be reached at plk@bu.edu.
This article was originally published on October 20, 2011.
Not too long ago, I wrote about loading JavaScript without blocking by creating a dynamic <script> tag. When <script> tags are in the flow of an HTML document, the browser must stop rendering and wait for the script file to download and execute before continuing (example). Creating a new <script> tag via JavaScript avoids this issue because it's out of the flow of the document, so the script file is downloaded and executed without waiting. The result: dynamically loading JavaScript files allows your page to render faster and therefore improve perceived performance.
The best technique
Steve Souders has explored several different ways to load JavaScript without blocking both on his blog and in his books. After thinking about it and experimenting, I've come to the conclusion that there's just one best practice for loading JavaScript without blocking:
Create two JavaScript files. The first contains just the code necessary to load JavaScript dynamically, the second contains everything else that's necessary for the initial level of interactivity on the page. Include the first JavaScript file with a <script> tag at the bottom of the page, just inside the </body> . Create a second <script> tag that calls the function to load the second JavaScript file and contains any additional initialization code.
That's it! There's really no need to do anything else. The key takeaway is to have only two JavaScript and make the first one as small as possible. For example, the first file may just contain this function:
function loadScript(url, callback){ var script = document.createElement("script") script.type = "text/javascript"; if (script.readyState){ //IE script.onreadystatechange = function(){ if (script.readyState == "loaded" || script.readyState == "complete"){ script.onreadystatechange = null; callback(); } }; } else { //Others script.onload = function(){ callback(); }; } script.src = url; document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(script); }
That's a tiny amount of code to get your bootstrapped so it will load incredibly fast (especially when gzipped).
The actual code on your page ends up looking like this:
<script type="text/javascript" src="http://your.cdn.com/first.js"></script> <script type="text/javascript"> loadScript("http://your.cdn.com/second.js", function(){ //initialization code }); </script>
The key to this whole technique is to have just two JavaScript files, so the second one contains everything that's needed to initialize the page. What if your page requires more than two files? Then you should be concatenating your files together either at build time (using something like Sprockets) or at run time (using something like mod_concat or a combo handler). There should never be a time when your page requires more than these two JavaScript files to properly initialize. Each additional HTTP request has overhead, and then you'll need to worry about sequencing the downloads so code is executed in the correct order. By having just two files, you eliminate a large point of concern over which file is downloaded and executed first as well as eliminating unnecessary HTTP requests.
Script placement
You'll note that I mentioned the best practice of placing this code towards the end of the page, just inside the closing </body> tag. This is advice that has been around for a while and I still recommend it, even when using this technique. The reason is that you're guaranteed all of the DOM elements you may need are already present on the page. Loading your scripts earlier could introduce timing issues where you would need to worry about using window.onload or some other method to determine when the DOM is ready to be used. By including this code at the bottom of the page, you are assured that the DOM is ready to be poked and you won't need to delay initialization any further.
Inlining the first script
Several commenters correctly pointed out that this technique can be further optimized by moving the initial function inline instead of keeping it in an external file. Generally, I like to keep JavaScript outside of the page code for maintainability purposes. I also anticipated that the initial JavaScript code on the page will be larger than just this function for one reason or another. If you can have some sort of automation around injecting this into your page as an inline script, I'm all for it! The key point is to make sure the script is small enough that it's runtime performance doesn't affect page loading.
YUI 3 has you covered
YUI 3 is designed around this very premise. You can start by just loading the yui.js file and then use the built-in Loader component to dynamically load the rest of the YUI library. For example:
<script src="http://yui.yahooapis.com/3.0.0b1/build/yui/yui-min.js" type="text/javascript"></script> <script type="text/javascript"> YUI().use("node", function(Y){ //initialization code }); </script>
This code loads in the YUI “seed” file first, then creates a new instance of the YUI object and indicates that the “node” component is necessary. Behind the scenes, YUI constructs a URL with all of the dependencies for “node”, dynamically loads it, then calls the callback function when complete. The cool thing about the YUI 3 approach is that you don't need to worry about including the URL for the JavaScript statically, just indicate which components you need and the library figures out the correct URL to download (details).
Conclusion
Though there's been a lot of research on ways to load JavaScript without blocking, there really is just one way that I'd recommend as a best practice. There should really be no need to load anything more than two scripts to get your site initialize and interactive. Make the initial JavaScript file as small as possible and then load in the larger one dynamically to avoid blocking. This is the simplest, easiest way to get all of your JavaScript onto the page without affecting the user experience.
The CW launched a new channel on Roku Tuesday that doesn't turn away cord cutters: The network's new Roku app doesn't require users to create an account, or authenticate with their pay TV credentials. Instead, it simply serves up the most recent five episodes of shows like “Jane the Virgin,” “Supergirl” and “Crazy Ex Girlfriend” to anyone and everyone.
The CW Roku channel will also stream select live events, including the iHeartRadio Music Festival next month. The network is planning to launch similar apps for other streaming devices, including Apple TV and Fire TV, in the coming days.
By making these episodes available for free and without any kind of registration, the CW is bucking a trend towards paid and authenticated streaming apps. Networks like ABC and FX require users to authenticate with their pay TV operator account information in order to stream recent episodes on Roku and other connected TV platforms.
Other networks, including CBS, HBO and Starz, also sell access to their content directly online. HBO Now for example charges $15 per month for access to its app, whereas CBS All Access charges $6 for ad-supported viewing.
The CW restructured its online rights this summer, striking a deal with Netflix to deliver entire seasons of its shows to the streaming service eight days after the final episodes of those seasons air on TV. The network also decided not to to license in-season episodes to any other streaming service, ending a previous deal with Hulu.
This now puts the onus on the CW to monetize those episodes on its own while the current season is still on air. As a result, it is looking to reach the biggest number of eyeballs, which means not using any authentication schemes. In other words: In CW's monetization model, cord cutters without access to a pay TV subscription are a welcome part of the mix.
Your reactions in one word: Sigh of 'relief' at Turnbull victory
Updated
We asked how you felt about Malcolm Turnbull replacing Tony Abbott as prime minister and the response was overwhelming. The morning after the challenge almost 25,000 readers told us their mood and one word stood out - relief.
What am I looking at?
We asked ABC readers to tell us in one word how they felt about the leadership change. These visualisations are based on the first 24,268 responses.
We also asked readers to answer two questions - How would you describe your response to Mr Turnbull becoming prime minister? and What influence does Mr Turnbull's election as Liberal leader have on your voting intention?
All responses were anonymous, and it is important to note that respondents were self-selecting and therefore this is not a representative sample.
Topics: liberals, federal-government, federal-parliament, abbott-tony, turnbull-malcolm, australia
First posted
Elementary-Age Students in Rockville Get New School Assignments
Board finalizes attendance map for new elementary school, four existing schools
The school board Monday night approved a new attendance map for elementary school students in Rockville. Via Montgomery County Board of Education
A map that took weeks to finalize, sparked community debate about student poverty rates and cost at least one school board member some sleep finally won approval on Monday night.
The attendance plan will bring students from Beall, Ritchie Park and College Gardens elementary schools to the new Rockville elementary school, scheduled to open in September 2018. The proposal will leave untouched the boundaries for Twinbrook Elementary School, where student reassignments could've jeopardized the school's Title I status. This federal designation makes schools with high student poverty levels eligible for additional financial assistance.
The school board's split vote for the attendance map dubbed “Alternative B” followed a couple of failed attempts to adopt two of the other four plans that were up for discussion Monday.
“I've lost a lot of sleep over this … because I do know how important it is to everyone, and you don't want to make a wrong decision,” board member Rebecca Smondrowski said, declaring her support for “Alternative A.”
The five plans differed in their distribution of students from economically disadvantaged backgrounds and in the way they divvy up Rockville communities.
A number of audience members held signs advocating for the “A” option, which supporters have said does the best job of keeping neighborhoods together. Other parent advocates have argued for the option known as “Alternative E” because it would more evenly spread low-income students between the elementary schools in the study area.
Some parents pushed back against the initial boundary recommendation that Superintendent Jack Smith brought forward in October. They objected that the percentage of students receiving free and reduced-price meals—often called the FARMS rate and used as a poverty measure—would be too high at the new elementary school. Smith later scrapped his proposal after mistakes were found in the underlying calculations.
School board members have affirmed the importance of creating diverse student bodies, but have worried about implying that schools with high poverty levels are lower performing or have lower standards.
Board member Shebra Evans voiced this concern when explaining her opposition after her colleague, Jeanette Dixon, suggested reassigning 75 FARMS students from Twinbrook to other schools.
“I just don't like the idea of sprinkling our kids around and the message that we're conveying about kids on free and reduced-price meals,” she said.
Dixon's amendment failed to win support from other board members. She said her proposal was aimed at promoting equity and wasn't a negative statement about FARMS students.
During the boundary-setting process, board members went on a bus tour of the Richard Montgomery Cluster. Dixon said she later visited each of the four existing elementary schools that would be affected.
In the end, “Alternative B” was adopted with support from five board members—Dixon, Evans, Pat O'Neill, Judy Docca and Michael Durso.
Board member Jill Ortman-Fouse and student board member Matt Post, both of whom had supported “Alternative E,” voted against the “B” option.
Smondrowski abstained, later explaining that she did so because the winning map was her second choice, not her first.
This model reassigns some Beall and Ritchie Park students to the new elementary school at 332 W. Edmonston Drive. A Chinese immersion program at College Gardens will move to the school under the final map. In addition, some College Gardens students will shift to Beall.
“I think ‘Alternative B' did a better job of balancing the capacity enrollment in the schools in the Richard Montgomery cluster,” O'Neill said Tuesday.
The school board adopted "Alternative B" as the attendance map for elementary schools in the Richard Montgomery cluster (click to expand). Via Montgomery County Public Schools.
Larry Giammo, president of the West End Citizens Association, said he was disappointed by the board's decision. Most people in his community wanted “Alternative A” because they believed it respected community lines.
“I think there wasn't much consideration for neighborhood cohesiveness and personal connectedness,” Giammo, a former Rockville mayor, said of the board's final decision.
Giammo also criticized Montgomery County Public Schools staff for some of the data errors that came up during the boundary-drawing process and said it was difficult to trust information coming from the school district.
School spokesman Derek Turner said the mistakes in numbers in Smith's first proposal were “very unfortunate.” However, he noted that the five final alternatives were made public about two weeks before the vote.
O'Neill said the community's concerns about the accuracy of enrollment projections were one reason she offered a proposal directing the superintendent to re-evaluate the area's capacity needs after five years or if an elementary school needs more than four portables. Board members approved the measure.
For most schools, the boundary change will affect students in kindergarten through fourth grade in September 2018. Students in fifth grade could stay at the elementary school they attended in previous years.
However, the changes will apply differently at College Gardens Elementary School, which runs the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program. At that school, students in grades 3 through 5 as of September 2018 can stay at College Gardens to complete the program. Younger students would be reassigned.
All students in the Chinese immersion program will be reassigned in September.
Bethany Rodgers can be reached at bethany.rodgers@bethesdamagazine.com.
Each college football preseason brings about jitters, high hopes and even higher expectations for teams dreaming of the College Football Playoff.
It was just a few short months ago, as the season kicked off, that we created the Fan Happiness Index to measure the sentiments of each FBS fan base before the inevitable upsets began. The factors we utilized in our rankings included program power, rivalry dominance, coaching stability, recruiting trends, program revenue growth and positive/negative Twitter buzz among team supporters.
The week after a wild college football Saturday is the perfect time to take a look at how those sentiments might have changed since the preseason.
This version of the index features updates that help quantify the impact on fan morale:
• The in-season model of the index measures performance of the program relative to preseason expectation for each variable in order to capture the changes in those expectancies -- the true definition of happiness (or real sadness in some teams' cases).
• The coaching stability factor now includes the firing percentages from last month's Unreasonable Index.
• In regard to the Twitter factor, we noticed that some programs' fans turn negative really quickly during close games, in a way that is not in line with their team's chances to win the game. As a result, we combined in-game win probability and in-game Twitter sentiment to create a "Panic Factor."
Whose feelings have soured or sweetened since the preseason? Scroll past the table for some of this update's biggest takeaways.
Elation in Athens
Georgia tops our list with the happiest fans in all college football. Ranked 13th in preseason FPI and coming off an 8-5 season, the Bulldogs find themselves at 9-0 and atop the selection committee rankings. Although an important date with Auburn looms, Bulldogs fans couldn't be happier.
Alabama being Alabama
Everything is as it should be in Tuscaloosa, where undefeated Alabama (No. 2 on the index) has moved just one spot since August. Nick Saban's seat is as hot as the North Pole, there are too many #RollTides to count on Twitter, and the Crimson Tide have the shortest Vegas odds to take home the national title. Alabama's battle with Mississippi State on Saturday ranks fourth in matchup quality for this week's games, but Bama is a 12.8-point favorite, according to FPI.
Notre Dame is back?
Some Notre Dame fans might not have fully bought into this sentiment just yet, but the fact that the Fighting Irish jump a whopping 71 spots on the index tells you things are good in South Bend. ND has a 35.5 percent chance of running the table and is favored at also surprising Miami this weekend. Win out, and the Irish are shoo-ins for the program's first playoff appearance. They'd have a 92.7 percent chance to finish top-four in strength of record. (But we'll cross that bridge when we get there).
Seminoles, Gators fans ready to flip calendar
The season started with such optimism for Florida State (No. 91 on the Index, down from their preseason showing at No. 2), but the Seminoles have had one of the most disappointing seasons of all FBS teams. The steady decline began in that Sept. 2 loss to Alabama, when the fans' hopes were carted off with quarterback Deondre Francois. The wound deepened with a humiliating blowout loss to Boston College that helps FSU rank in the top 10 for the most negative fan bases, according to our Panic Factor. The Seminoles still have a 67 percent chance to reach six wins and bowl eligibility, according to FPI, but let's face it, Noles fans are looking to next season.
Further south in Gainesville, the post-Jim McElwain Florida Gators (No. 124 on the index) need to beat South Carolina, UAB and Florida State to become bowl-eligible. The silver lining for weary Gators fans? Recruiting for next season ranks in the 93rd percentile, numbers that could help UF rise on this list in 2018 and beyond.
For more from ESPN Analytics, visit the ESPN Analytics Index.
CLOSE On Wednesday morning, a police officer was stabbed in the neck at Bishop International Airport in Flint, Michigan. Wochit
Burton Police Officers gather at Bishop International Airport, Wednesday morning, June 21, 2017, in Flint, Mich. Officials evacuated the airport Wednesday, where a witness said he saw an officer bleeding from his neck and a knife nearby on the ground. On Twitter, Michigan State Police say the officer is in critical condition and the FBI was leading the investigation. (Shannon Millard/The Flint Journal-MLive.com via AP) (Photo: Shannon Millard, AP)
An airport police officer is in critical condition and Bishop International Airport in Flint has been evacuated after a reported stabbing Wednesday morning.
The FBI is investigating, and Michigan State Police posted a tweet saying, "Please keep the officer in your prayers."
According to the airport's Facebook page: "An airport police officer has been injured. All passengers are safe and are being evacuated at this time."
Read more:
Ken Brown told The Flint Journal he was dropping off his daughter at the airport and saw the officer bleeding from his neck. He says he saw a man detained by police and a knife on the ground.
"The cop was on his hands and knees bleeding from his neck," Brown said. "I said they need to get him a towel."
Cherie Carpenter, who was awaiting a flight to Texas to see her new grandchild, tells Flint TV station WJRT she saw the attacker being led away in handcuffs. She described the man in custody as appearing "blank, just totally blank."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2sTD9NI
The Portland Trail Blazers and McDonald's have partnered on a new “100-Point Play” promotion for the next five seasons, the team announced today.
Every time the Trail Blazers eclipse the 100-point mark in a game played inside the Moda Center, fans in attendance will be offered a voucher for a free McDonald's Sausage McMuffin with Egg during egress.
“This is one of the most popular in-arena promotions in sports. The crowd noise noticeably escalates as the Trail Blazers approach 100 points. The extra energy level contributes to our home court advantage,” said Chris McGowan, President & CEO of the Trail Blazers and Moda Center. “We are grateful that McDonald's has stepped up to the plate and enabled us to continue the 100-point promotion for the next five seasons.”
Beginning Nov. 2, as the team nears the 100-point mark fans will be encouraged to chant “MICK-E-DEES, MICK-E-DEES” until 100 points is reached. Scoreboard signage and videos, and rhythm through the sound system will keep the crowd in sync.
“We are excited to celebrate this new partnership between McDonald's and the Portland Trail Blazers," said Mike Kennedy, local Owner Operator in Oregon. "As a Portland resident and local business owner, I know it is a source of pride for all McDonald's Owner Operators in Oregon and southwest Washington to provide Trail Blazers' fans with the delicious Sausage McMuffin with Egg at the 100-point mark."
The promotion will officially tip-off with the Trail Blazers' 2013-14 regular season home opener, Saturday, Nov. 2against the San Antonio Spurs. For that game only, every fan in attendance will be offered a Sausage McMuffin with Egg voucher in celebration of the new partnership. A second Sausage McMuffin with Egg voucher will be offered if the team reaches 100 points during the game.
In addition to the Sausage McMuffin with Egg giveaway, McDonald's and the Trail Blazers are launching a digital “100 Point Player of the Game” contest. Fans will be encouraged to vote online for which Trail Blazers player they think will score the 100th point. If the team scores 100 points, one lucky fan that selected the correct player will be chosen to receive a Trail Blazers merchandise item, courtesy of McDonald's. The contest is applicable to both home and road games.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Irn Bru have put the boot in to Gordon Strachan by reposting a hilarious ad in which a Scots mum tells her baby "daddy's from Brazil".
The beleaguered Scotland boss controversially claimed after his team exited the World Cup that "genetically we have to work at things".
He added: "I don't know if we can get big women and men together and see what we can do."
Strachan has been widely ridiculed for his remarks and Irn Bru added to his pain by reposting on their Facebook page an advert from 2010.
A Scots mother is seen singing a lullaby to her baby - named Pele - about him getting a Scotland cap because his dad's Brazilian.
In a post on social media they wrote: "Scotland's World Cup woes down to genetics, Gordon?
"Let's make babies with Brazilians (like we said way back in 2010)"
The video starts: "Hush little Pele lay down to nap, we're going to make you a Scotland cap.
"All Scottish heart and samba skill, because mummy's from Dundee and daddy's from Brazil.
The camera then cuts to a photo of the child's father, seen wearing the instantly recognisable yellow and blue colours of Brazil.
She continues: "That's the main reason I did the deed, to help my national team succeed.
"And when you bring the trophy home with you mummy's going to shower you with Irn Bru."
The clip has been viewed by more than 98,000 social media users and shared nearly 1,100, with many viewers disagreeing with Strachan's comments.
Gordie Wallace wrote: "It's genetics he says, we can't compete because we were the second smallest squad behind Spain who had the smallest. Yes, he said Spain."
Per Oszadlik said: "Rubbish Gordon, Scotland is behind small nations like Wales, Northern Ireland, Costa Rica, Iceland and Denmark in the FIFA ranking."
Tony Dean commented: "The only way we'll get intae the World Cup again is if we bloody host it!"
Irn Bru shared the seven year-old video after Scotland drew 2-2 against Slovenia in Ljubljana.
(Image: Daily Record)
Had Scotland won the match they would have qualified for a playoff spot and a chance to travel to Russia for next year's World Cup.
Following the heart-breaking game team manager Strachan blamed the loss on the genetics of Scottish footballers.
He said: "Genetically, we're behind. The last campaign we were the second smallest, apart from Spain, so that means we had to pick a team tonight to try and combat the height and strength.
"Even at that we couldn't combat their height and strength at set plays.
"Genetically, we have to work at things. Don't know if we can get big women and men together, and see what we can do.
"It is a problem for us because we have to fight harder for every ball and jump higher. Nobody tells me their technique apart from one player is better than any of ours but physically we have a problem."
Nintendo has updated Animal Crossing, which means it's time to head back to your town and … oh, my god! My animal friends are going to hate me for never visiting!
The update introduces a few key features including Amiibo support to give fans a reason to return to the 2012 social-life simulator. Using the Animal Crossing-themed Amiibo cards, players can invite new villagers to their town who may bring with them playable minigames. But while that's exciting, I'm more interested in what Nintendo has done to reduce some of the guilt I will feel about returning to Animal Crossing after … I don't even know how long. I had relationships with those anamorphic monkeys and owls, and then I abandoned them.
As you can tell, I have some issues.
To help salve my conscience (and those of many other Animal Crossing players), Nintendo has made some small tweaks to make it more welcoming for returning villagers. This includes a train sequence to introduce the new features at the start and instant weed removal so you don't have to spend the first hour of your return visit gardening. It also has a storeroom that should help alleviate some inventory-management anxiety, and — finally — touchscreen controls for decorating your house.
While that all sounds wonderful, I won't know how I will feel about returning until I give it a try. So let's head back to GrubPort!
Extended vacation
Image Credit: Jeffrey Grubb/GamesBeat
Updating Animal Crossing only took a few minutes, and it now greets you with an new title screen. “Animal Crossing: New Leaf — Welcome Amiibo” is what you'll see when you boot up. The next thing you'll see, if you decide to return to your established save file instead of taking the coward's way out of starting something new, is your good friend, Isabelle. That loyal confidant joins you on the train to break down some of the new features, and this was my first opportunity to panic.
Isabelle is a fan favorite for a reason. She is always cheerful as part of an effort to disguise some underlying anxieties that occasionally breakthrough to the surface. But she really just wants to help you run the town, and I felt the pressure of potentially seeing her disappointment as she spoke to me.
But Isabelle is always delicate. When she pointed out that I hadn't visited in quite some time, she asked if I was on vacation. That was an expert move. She and I both know I wasn't on vacation … I was playing Doom. But she still gave me the opportunity to tell a white lie to avoid dealing with my absence head on.
After breaking the ice, however, I got right back into the swing of things with Isabelle. She told me all about Amiibo support and Meow coupons, and then she sent me on my way.
The boy is back in town
When I was free to explore the town, I was happy to not have to deal with weeds. It's my understanding that the pesky flora will return in the future, but Nintendo has introduced daily bonuses to the game that will often involve performing tasks like pulling weeds.
I still had a lot of other crap to take care of, though, and I was starting to feel that nagging guilty sensation climb into my fingers. Instead of closing my 3DS, I pushed on just to see what else was new and to store the random furniture in my inventory into the storeroom. But it wasn't really enough.
The problem is that I was seeing all my old villager friends walking around, and I was too afraid to speak with them. They had certainly noticed my absence, and many of them aren't as diplomatic as Isabelle. It's at this point that I have stopped playing Animal Crossing anytime I picked it up in the past. But I decided that I was going to write about the update, so I should at least talk to one of them.
So I approached Shari, a lady primate that I remembered had something of an outspoken temperament. And, of course, she let me have it.
Image Credit: Jeffrey Grubb/GamesBeat
It was rough. Two years? Had it really been that long. I grabbed that screenshot, and I shared it to the Nintendo Miiverse to show everyone my shame, and then I put it down for a while to do some work.
But then as I started writing this story, I decided to pick up the 3DS again to see what else Shari had to say … and that was exactly what I needed. After giving me a slight scolding, Shari immediately shifted into a ribbing, familiar tone to let me know that it was OK that I wasn't around. And she even used the “Bum!” slang term I remember teaching her when I was first playing the game.
Image Credit: Jeffrey Grubb/GamesBeat
This part of Animal Crossing isn't new. It's the core of the franchise going all the way back to the original that I played on the GameCube. It's moments where Nintendo's great writing that infuses personality into every character comes together to show the impact you have on these villagers.
Sure, I still feel guilty, but my quick interaction with Shari reminded me why I had anything to feel guilty about in the first place.
I'm going to try to stick with Animal Crossing for a while this time around. Nintendo has made it easier to get back into, and I'll find out if it has done enough to retain me.
But for now, I'm just glad to be back hanging out with Shair and the rest of my peeps.
LONG BEACH, Calif. – Although Tito Ortiz forced Bellator MMA to abandon plans for its first pay-per-view event, the promotion's chairman and CEO said he'll give the fighter another chance.
That doesn't mean there won't be any worries about the future, though.
“Sure, I'm worried about it,” Bjorn Rebney said following Saturday's Bellator 106 event, which took place at Long Beach Arena in California. “But it's Tito, and I've known him for a long time, and I made a commitment to him that we would try to give it another run.
“This went s–tty, and the assumption is he'll heal and we'll give it a run. He's had injuries, but he hasn't made a career of pulling out of fights. He's as disappointed as anybody, but if he heals as anticipated, we'll schedule another fight.”
Ortiz (16-11-1 MMA, 0-0 BMMA) was scheduled to fight former training partner Quinton Jackson (32-11 MMA, 0-0 BMMA) in Bellator 106's headliner, but a fractured neck suffered in training forced him to withdraw eight days prior to the event. The promotion then switched gears from pay-per-view and secured a spot at 9 p.m. PT/ET on Spike TV, whose parent company, Viacom, owns a majority stake in Bellator.
Immediately following the withdrawal, plenty of conspiracy theories floated around about the supposed real reasons behind it, including collusion between Ortiz and his former boss, UFC President Dana White, and Bellator pulling the PPV plug when ticket sales lagged.
But Rebney said the evidence can't get any clearer when it comes to proving Ortiz was unfit to fight.
“I could give you ridiculous smart-ass answer after smart-ass answer about the other guy on the grassy knoll, and Oliver Stone having a hand in it,” he said. “It's ridiculous. I actually have real X-rays from Tito's real neck that showed it wasn't fractured before and it is now.”
Rebney said it's a 12-minute trip from the Bellator offices in Irvine, Calif., to Ortiz's gym in Huntington Beach, and prior to the injury, he felt confident about putting the injury-prone fighter in another headliner after watching him train.
Following his latest ding, however, some have called for the 38-year-old Ortiz to hang up his gloves for good, like he was expected to do this past year following a losing effort against Forrest Griffin at UFC 148.
Rebney, though, said he's not ready to declare Ortiz's career over.
“Who are we to tell Tito Ortiz when he can and cannot stop fighting?” he asked. “He had a fracture in his neck. I spoke to a top-level specialist who did the neck surgery on Tito. The reason he couldn't fight is because it was fractured, and if he got dropped on his head the right way, it could splinter and go into his spinal cord and paralyze him.
“But it's a fracture like a broken arm. Once it heals, there's no more likelihood that it might fracture into your spinal cord than you or I. So when he gets well, if he wants to fight, we'll figure it out and make it work.”
Among the conspiracy theories, there is the idea that regardless of the reason (or reasons) for Ortiz's withdrawal, it ended up being a positive for Bellator in drawing much-needed attention to the promotion, which has struggled to escape the shadow of industry-leader UFC.
“Well, it sure does look like that now, doesn't it?” Rebney quipped to MMAjunkie.com.
With an epic rematch between Michael Chandler and Eddie Alvarez taking center stage and delivering big, Ortiz's withdrawal certainly looks like the best possible course, even if four out of the five main-card fights went to the scorecards.
“I think the thing I'm most thankful for is that so many people got to watch this fight for free on TV, and it speaks to how awesome the first one was,” Rebney said. “I think the shining light off this is however many people would have watched it if it had been the co-main on a pay-per-view, this was open to everybody. Hopefully, the numbers were big and people on the East Coast stayed up to watch it because they didn't go into the cage until, like, 12:01 a.m. (ET), or something like that.
“The plan was we were going to get clean at 25 before the end of the hour, and Mike and Ed would go in and finish out the hour strong, and by midnight, we'd be clean because [viewers] drop off like crazy after midnight. So we'll see what the numbers are, but people are going to watch it. We're going to run it again and again.”
For more on Bellator 106, stay tuned to the MMA Events section of the site.
The woman who played the "drunk girl in public" in a recent viral video, which was later revealed to be a hoax, has issued an apology for her part in the clip. The video, which portrayed a series of men attempting to take advantage of the woman as she wandered Hollywood Boulevard pretending to be intoxicated, was presented as a real-life "social experiment" meant to illustrate the horrifying realities of rape culture. Except, it wasn't a real-life social experiment, and instead relied on a lot of people who seem to have unwittingly participated in something very different than what was described to them.
Actress Jennifer Box says she was one of those people in a YouTube video she posted this week. In her apology, Box claims the hoax was described to her as "a lighthearted prank show," not a social experiment.
Advertisement:
"Had I known the damaging outcome of this video, I never would have participated," Box says. "And for the record, every male seen in this video were nothing but perfect gentlemen [sic]."
Watch Box's apology below:
It was one day in an epic life, but it's important to remember now. Howe died Friday at age 88 during the Stanley Cup Final between the Sharks and Pittsburgh Penguins.
SAN JOSE -- Gordie Howe was one of the first people to wear a San Jose Sharks sweater.
That the NHL is where it is today, with its marquee event in northern California and western Pennsylvania, with 30 teams across North America and the Board of Governors considering expansion, owes a lot to "Mr. Hockey."
Howe's fame transcended the sport. During his 25 seasons with the Detroit Red Wings, he set himself apart to such a degree that he became a Ruthian figure, well known in popular culture throughout North America and in other parts of the world.
When he joined the Houston Aeros of the World Hockey Association to play with his sons Mark and Marty, Howe brought attention to hockey in a new place. He later played for the New England Whalers of the WHA, who became the Hartford Whalers when the NHL merged with the WHA and added four of its teams. He continued to make an active effort to grow the game for the rest of his life.
Howe was the idol of Wayne Gretzky, "The Great One," who became the face of the game and helped spread hockey to the Sunbelt after the Edmonton Oilers traded him to the Los Angeles Kings in 1988. The NHL continued to expand to new markets.
Video: Sharks F Thornton, GM Wilson remember Gordie Howe
Which brings us to San Jose and February 1991.
The city had been granted an expansion franchise, and the Sharks already had announced their name after holding a name-the-team sweepstakes that drew suggestions from every Canadian province, every American state and some European countries. The Sharks had not unveiled their logo and sweater, however, and they wanted to do something special.
"The Bay Area had established teams in all the other major sports: the Giants, the A's, the Raiders, the 49ers, the Warriors," said Matt Levine, who was the Sharks vice president of business and marketing operations at the time and now runs his own sports consulting company. "We wanted to as quickly as possible get out of being viewed as, 'Oh, they're an expansion team. Give them a few years. They might start attracting our attention.' "
So they called Colleen Howe, "Mrs. Hockey," Gordie Howe's wife and business manager.
"If anybody could transcend the just-another-uniform introduction and make it into something extraordinary, it would be Gordie Howe," Levine said. "We embraced this as a metaphor for how we wanted to be viewed. We thought it would appeal to the local Bay Area and grab people's attention in a way that would give us credibility that we might not normally have going the traditional route."
The Howes accepted the invitation but did not accept an appearance fee, only expenses. The Sharks invited everyone who had suggested the name "Sharks" to a rink in a shopping mall in Cupertino, Calif., and about 300 of them showed up to sit on portable stands set up on the ice. A lot of media showed up too.
After a choreographed skating routine that showed off sample Sharks merchandise, out skated Howe and owner George Gund III wearing the new teal Sharks sweaters, featuring the logo of a shark biting a hockey stick. Howe did interviews. He signed autographs. Here was this new hockey team, and here was Mr. Hockey himself wearing its colors.
Howe returned to San Jose in January 1997, when the Sharks hosted their first big event: the NHL All-Star Game. He played the same role of ambassador.
"He always had that presence," said Dan Rusanowsky, the Sharks radio play-by-play voice from the beginning. "I was so amazed to see kids that weren't even born when he retired look at him with such abject veneration. They knew he was important."
Rusanowsky remembered an interaction with Howe that happened so many times in so many places. A kid approached the legend.
"Mr. Howe," the kid asked. "Can I have your autograph?"
"Well," Howe said, holding a Sharpie, "I've got to see if this pen works."
Howe opened the pen and flicked it playfully on the kid's hand, leaving a mark, lightening the mood.
"Yeah, it works."
Howe signed the autograph.
"It's that sort of little kind of charming moment that happened every day he was here, every minute he was here," Rusanowsky said. "And people in San Jose will always respect and remember that."
Video: The Sharks and Penguins reflect on Gordie Howe
Chipotle Mexican Grill is under heavy fire from a shareholder group known for successfully challenging excessive executive compensation.
“Chipotle is becoming a poster child for pay-for-performance failures,” said Michael Pryce-Jones, a senior governance policy analyst with CtW Investment Group, which works with union pension funds overseeing $250 billion in assets.
The top five executives at Chipotle pulled down $67.3 million last year, according to the company's proxy. That is 42 percent more than what Coca-Cola's executive team made and nearly matched the executive pay at General Electric, a global conglomerate with 45 times the revenues of Chipotle, CtW argued in a letter filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Monday.
The group is urging shareholders to vote no on a “say-on-pay” measure this year.
Chipotle employs two co-CEOs, founder Steve Ells and Monty Moran. Ells made $25.1 million in total compensation last year, while Moran pulled down $24.4 million.
Chipotle shareholders are paying 10 times the median for CEO duties compared with a peer group of companies, CtW said.
“The compensation committee of our board is reviewing that filing and taking it under consideration,” Chipotle spokesman Chris Arnold said.
The company defends its corporate practices by pointing to the strong returns it has given shareholders since 2008 — about four times as much as the S&P 500 index. Arnold notes Chipotle's shares overall are up 2,200 percent from $22 a share at its January 2006 IPO to a close of $507.60 on Thursday.
Pryce-Jones doesn't dispute the fast-casual restaurant chain's strong performance, but even allowing for that, the equity grants remain outsized and the bar for obtaining them unusually low, he said.
Equity awards given to Ells and Moran the past three years are now worth about $300 million, he said. And unlike many executives, the two have actively sold off their holdings.
Chipotle also continues to provide perks that many firms have increasingly abandoned, such as car and housing allowances, Pryce-Jones said.
Moran received about $25,000 to pay for his children's private schooling, something usually reserved for executives taking overseas assignments. Chief financial officer Jack Hartung received more than $50,000 to cover commuting expenses, mostly airline tickets, and $30,000 for housing expenses, even though he has had 12 years to relocate to Denver.
“What irks investors is that this shows the board has the wrong mentality,” said Pryce-Jones.
Normally, shareholder activists would also try to vote out directors on the compensation committee, but none are up for election this year, he said.
Chipotle has worked hard to foster a progressive image, buying its food from local, sustainable and organic sources and giving jobs and English lessons to refugees relocating from other countries.
“That is one of the biggest ironies,” Pryce-Jones said. “When you have a CEO making 800 times the typical employee, they are seriously at risk of undermining their employee culture.”
About 10 percent of shareholders usually vote no on “say-on-pay” proposals, and Chipotle saw a 27 percent no vote last year. CtW thinks its lobbying can get 40 or 50 percent when shareholders gather in Denver May 15, sending a strong rebuke the board can't ignore.
“Basically, we are expecting a big showdown at the annual meeting,” Pryce-Jones said.
Aldo Svaldi: 303-954-1410, asvaldi@denverpost.com or twitter.com/aldosvaldi
Chipotle draws fire for big executive pay
Executive2013 Compensation2012 Compensation Steve Ells, Co-CEO/Chairman$25.1 million$19.7 millionMonty Moran, Co-CEO$24.4 million$19.1 millionJack Hartung, CFO$9.9 million$6.8 millionBob Blessing, former Chief Development Officer$2 million$2.5 millionMark Crumpacker, Chief Marketing and Development Officer$5.9 million$2.5 million
Source: Chipotle Mexican Grill proxy filing with SEC
Salah Sweidan standing in his destroyed home in Gaza City. Patrick O. Strickland
Salah Sweidan fled his home while Israel was bombing Gaza in July last year.
“I honestly don't remember the exact day,” Sweidan, 22, told The Electronic Intifada. “It is a blur. We tried to stay in our homes, but it was very dangerous.”
Sweidan lived in a four-story home in the al-Shaf district of Gaza City along with his pregnant wife, four brothers and their families. When Israeli shells began to pound their neighbors' homes, the family gathered what they could and sought shelter in the central Gaza Strip until the attack ended.
“We came back to check on the home during every ceasefire,” he recalled. “We found it intact every time. But then the last time we came it looked like this.”
Although the home is still standing, the walls were blown off by shells and it looks like it could collapse at any moment. No one from Sweidan's immediate family was killed, but thousands of others were not as lucky.
The Sweidan family home was completely destroyed by Israeli shelling. Patrick O. Strickland
Israeli forces attacked Gaza by air, land and sea, leaving 2,257 Palestinians dead by the time the offensive ended in late August, according to the United Nations monitoring group OCHA. Of that total, 1,563 are estimated to have been civilians, including 538 children.
At the height of Israel's attack, more than 338,000 people were displaced and sought refuge in schools and other shelters across Gaza, according to the humanitarian aid coordination body Shelter Palestine.
Nearly 11,000 Palestinians were still taking shelter at UN-run schools at the end of last month, UNRWA, the UN agency for Palestine refugees, reported. Many more internally displaced people in Gaza stay with relatives or in other temporary accomodations.
“Open-fire policy”
More than 10,000 homes were completely destroyed and another 6,000 were damaged so badly they were “rendered uninhabitable,” says Shelter Palestine, adding that at least 102,000 partially-damaged homes need repair.
“We all had to flee to different areas,” Sweidan said. “After the [Israeli] forces entered we decided to leave because we saw people from the houses around losing people — civilians.”
Before the attack, Sweidan and his brothers worked together in his supermarket on the ground floor of his house. “Thank God, business was good and I was able to work with my brothers,” he said, explaining that his family has lived in the al-Shaf area for more than twenty years.
Sweidan climbed a mound of broken concrete and pointed to the spot where his supermarket used to stand. All that is left is a rubble-filled crater. “Life was good before the war,” he said. “We visited each other all the time … we spent 24 hours a day together.”
All that is left of the Sweidan brothers' supermarket is a rubble-filled crater. Patrick O. Strickland
“The hardest part of the war was seeing houses collapse on top of families as we left al-Shaf,” he noted. Explaining that his five-month-old daughter Rimas was born during the attack, he shook his head and explained that “it's not easy to raise a child here, but what are we supposed to do?”
A new report published by the Israeli human rights group B'Tselem finds that Israel's “open-fire policy” during its attack resulted in “dozens of instances in which residential buildings were attacked from the air or ground, causing them to collapse on entire families.”
“The policy of bombing homes was implemented throughout the Gaza Strip all through the fighting,” the report, which examined seventy such cases, concludes. “These attacks were not carried out on the whim of individual soldiers, pilots or commanders in the field. They are the result of a policy formulated by government officials and the senior military command.”
“They destroyed the whole house”
Without the income from the supermarket, Sweidan and his brothers have all had to take out loans from the bank in order to rent apartments elsewhere.
“But it's not comfortable for me to rent from someone else,” he said. “I come to the house every day to clean and gather our belongings — what's left of them.”
Forty-five minutes south of al-Shaf in al-Faraheen, a farming village hugging the boundary line between southern Gaza and present-day Israel, Jaber Abu Daqqa reflected on Israel's summertime attack.
Abu Daqqa, 61, moved to al-Faraheen more than twenty years ago. “We always have problems from the Israelis here,” he told The Electronic Intifada, “but the last war was the worst I've ever seen.”
Passing through a front door ridden with bullet holes, the farmer walked through his burned out home, collecting Israeli shells and bullet casings.
Picking up a half-charred photograph of his daughter, he said: “We had fled to our other house because this one is only seven hundred meters from the border. If anyone had been inside when they attacked the home, there is no chance they would have survived. They burned it all down.”
The kitchen's ceiling was ripped open by an Israeli shell and the living room is covered in soot from the fire it caused. “They destroyed the whole house, but we are still alive,” Abu Daqqa said. “They can destroy my home every day, but we want to live.”
Abu Daqqa estimated that reconstructing the three-room home will cost him $30,000. As he walked out of his home, he paused and motioned toward a gravestone in the corner of the yard. The stone is a tribute to Vittorio Arrigoni, the activist, who was killed by a little-known Salafi group in 2011.
Arrigoni, who was actually buried in his native Italy, used to visit Abu Daqqa regularly.
“Look here,” he said, motioning to the grave, “the [Israeli] soldiers shot bullets in the headstone.”
A shrine to slain activist Vittorio Arrigoni was damaged by bullet holes. Patrick O. Strickland
Failed promises
After Israel's assault ended, $5.4 billion was pledged towards Gaza's reconstruction by international donors attending a conference in Cairo. Of that total, the Ramallah-based Palestinian Authority set aside half of it to fill gaps in its own budget.
The eight-year Israeli siege on Gaza — maintained in cooperation with the Egyptian government — resulted in minimal reconstruction supplies being allowed into Gaza.
Worse still, United Nations-administered home repairs were halted last week when UNRWA, the UN agency for Palestine refugees, suspended financial aid to tens of thousands of Gaza residents whose homes were destroyed by Israel.
“Over 96,000 Palestine refugee family homes were damaged or destroyed during last summer's conflict and $720 million is required to address this need,” UNRWA reports.
“To date, UNRWA has received only $135 million in pledges, leaving a shortfall of $585 million,” a statement adds. “While some funds remain available to begin the reconstruction of totally destroyed homes, UNRWA has exhausted all funding to support repairs and rental subsidies.”
Angered by the aid cuts, Palestinians protested outside UNRWA's Gaza office on 30 January. “Manipulating the Gaza reconstruction process will result in an explosion [of anger] by those whose homes were destroyed,” Muhammad al-Karafneh, mayor of Beit Hanoun, a town in northern Gaza, told the news agency Maan.
Jaber Abu Daqqa is not waiting for governments or aid agencies will come to his rescue. He is planning to farm and sell his crops so he can rebuild his home.
“I don't want money from [humanitarian] organizations,” he explained. “I prefer to do it myself.”
Patrick O. Strickland is an independent journalist and regular contributor to The Electronic Intifada. Visit his website: www.postrickland.com. Follow him on Twitter: @P_Strickland_
Tired of being left out of the Pit Barrel Cooker revolution? Well here's your chance to win your very own just in time for the holidays!
Arguably one of the most innovative smokers/grills on the market today, the PBC allows the cook to hang meat above the fire from two steel rods so that it not only cooks evenly, but its juices drip into the fire to create flavorful smoke.
Also, thanks to the company's recently added turkey hanger, the user is able to smoke an entire turkey to perfection just as in this recent recipe.
So are you ready to get in on the giveaway action? Simply enter using one or all of the methods below for your chance to win a Pit Barrel Cooker (MRP $299.00) and turkey hanger (MRP $16.95) prior to 11:59:59pm CST on Saturday, November 21st (open only to US residents 18+ years old).
One lucky winner will then be selected at random and contacted by Monday, November 23. Winner will have 48 hours to respond after receiving notification of the win, otherwise a new winner will be selected. Good luck!
Drinking water contamination at North Carolina's sprawling Camp Lejeune military base could date to 1948, five years earlier than researchers had reported previously, a federal report indicates.
The Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry plans to release a report Friday on the contamination that has led to a long-running dispute between former residents and the Marines Corps.
TCE, an industrial solvent now known as a human carcinogen, likely first exceeded the maximum contaminant level in August 1953, but evidence shows its presence in the water supply might date as far back as November 1948, the report states. A copy of the report was obtained Thursday by The Associated Press.
"Basically, it's vindication and confirmation for what I've been saying for nearly 16 years," said retired Marine Master Sgt. Jerry Ensminger, a leader in a protracted fight for information about the contamination. "The truth is finally coming out."
Ensminger blames the contamination for the leukemia that killed his 9-year-old daughter, Janey, in 1985. Marines and family members have blamed the contamination for many kinds of cancers, including breast cancer in men and women, bladder cancer and liver cancer.
Wells at the base were contaminated by fuel leaks and other sources of pollution before being closed three decades ago. Health officials have said they think as many as 1 million people may have been exposed to tainted water. Tests done in the early 1980s showed that water at a base treatment plant was "highly contaminated" with chlorinated hydrocarbons.
The federal agency had initially set 1953 as the date for the earliest known contamination in a letter written in January to the Department of Veterans Affairs. In that letter, the agency said computer modeling showed drinking water in the residential area called Hadnot Point was unsafe for human consumption as far back as that year.
That was still four years earlier than Marines and their dependents can secure health care and screening for illnesses related to the water. President Barack Obama signed a law last year granting health care and screening to Marines and their dependents on the base between 1957 and 1987.
This week, Sen. Richard Burr filed to extend coverage back to 1953.
The report lays out levels at the Hadnot Point and Holcomb Boulevard water treatment plants on base for various contaminants, including TCE, PCE, vinyl chloride and benzene. All those chemicals are classified as causing or probably causing cancer. It also includes one other chemical that's not carcinogenic.
For TCE, the maximum level of 783 parts per billion was reached in November 1983 at Hadnot; at Holcomb it was 66 ppb in February 1985, the report says. The highest level allowed in drinking water is 5 ppb, set in 1989, meaning the Hadnot Point level was almost 157 times the highest level allowed now.
The Hadnot plant opened in 1942 and the second plant in the early 70s.
Until the summer of 1972, the Hadnot treatment plant supplied all finished water distributed to bachelor and family housing units, the report says. It noted that the Holcomb Bouelvard plant came online that year and its finished water wasn't contaminated except when it received water transfers from Hadnot Point.
Marine Corps Spokeswoman Capt. Kendra Motz said Thursday that tests called for in Navy documents from the 1960s through the 1980s would not have detected chemicals such as TCE and PCE. The Navy instructions did not address such chlorinated hydrocarbon solvents until the Environmental Protection Agency began to regulate them in the late 1980s, she added.
The estimated monthly contamination gives researchers the information they need to do human health studies. The agency is working on four studies expected to be released this year and next year: birth defects and childhood cancer; health survey of Marine Corps personnel and civilians; male breast cancer and mortality.
Regardless of what you think of Carlos Romero's penchant for donkey sex, he certainly has courage in his convictions.
Romero, 31, was arrested Monday and charged with misdemeanor sexual activity with an animal, by officials in Ocala, Fla., but believes the real outrage is that the Sunshine State is "backwards" towards zoophilia.
The charges stem from an incident last month where a witness reportedly saw Romero with his pants down “up against the rear of the donkey,” TheSmokingGun.com reported.
Romero reportedly stepped away from the donkey and pulled up his pants when he saw the witness.
However, when Marion County detectives questioned him on Friday, he admitted that when the donkey is in heat, he will stand behind her, scratch her withers, and masturbate. He says he "likes the way her fur feels" on his privates," according to WSTP-TV.
Romero told detectives he had done this five or six times and added that "Florida is a backwards state and people frown on zoophilia here," according to the arrest report.
The victimized animal is a 21-month-old miniature donkey named Doodle he purchased two months ago, according to Ocala.com. The animal has since been removed by animal control, much to Romero's dismay.
"I want my donkey back. There's got to be due process here. I paid $500 for her,” Romero told a judge at the Marion County Jail Tuesday morning according to Ocala.com.
In a jailhouse interview, Romero told the website that he doesn't “feel comfortable around people” and has “never been a people person.”
In addition, he says that animals “are usually there for you," "do not seek other pleasures” and their feelings are “100 percent honest,” compared to humans who “stab you in the back, give you diseases, lie to you” and are “promiscuous.”
Romero told the website he'd been having sex with horses since he was 18, but didn't feel Doodle was ready since “she's blooming into maturity.”
At Romero's first court appearance, Romero entered a plea of not guilty. Bail remained at $2,000, and his next court appearance on Oct. 9.
Not long after Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) released PlayStation VR into the world Crytek launched its first title for the platform Robinson: The Journey. Today the developer has announced a price reduction for the videogame.
The drop in price is permanent rather than a limited time offer, bringing the cost down to $49.99 USD/€49.99 EUR/£44.99 GBP (it previously sold for £54.99), via the PlayStation Store and on the videogame's official website.
Coinciding with the price reduction, Crytek has released the first in a series of tech diary videos (seen below) highlighting the process of bringing the VR world of Robinson: The Journey to life.
Developed using Crytek's CRYENGINE technology, Robinson: The Journey invites players to step into a science-fiction world full of adventure, secrets and dinosaurs. Playing as Robin, a boy stranded in the unmapped territory of Tyson III, gamers' are accompanied by an AI companion called HIGS, and together they must survive the harsh environment and dangerous inhabitants as they search for the lost crew whilst unearthing the planet's secrets along the way.
VRFocus reviewed Robinson: The Journey, giving it a commendable 4 stars, saying: “Robinson: The Journey often demonstrates just how far VR development has come.”
And last month Crytek expanded support for Robinson: The Journey bringing it to Oculus Rift.
VRFocus will continue its coverage of Robinson: The Journey and Crytek, reporting back with any further announcements.
Free Letters and Sounds Resources Whether you are a parent or teacher, you can use these free resources to help support the DfES Letters and Sounds phonics programme. If you're new to Letters and Sounds and want to find out what it's all about, visit What is Letters and Sounds to find out more. I aim to provide lots of free resources for parents and teachers who are following the Letters and Sounds programme. I've made a special effort to create themes which will engage all children. Looking around I have found resources on other sites which have lots of appeal for girls (flowers, butterflies etc.), but not so much aimed at boys' interests. Because of this I have chosen as my first theme colourful trucks, which I hope will appeal to boys and girls. I know I struggled to get one little boy interested in reading until I came up with the idea of sticking words onto cars, lorries and trains...pretty soon he was hooked! In addition to printable letter and word cards, I will also be adding printable games, plus teaching ideas, activities and links to Letters and Sounds games which you can use on computers or on as interactive whiteboard activities. Recommended: the Synthetic Phonics Toolkit For full details on the Letters and Sounds phonics teaching programme, visit the Standards Site's Letters and Sounds section. You can download or order a hard copy of the guidance for each phase. There are also some useful videos on using Letters and Sounds in the classroom, as well as a phoneme pronunciation guide. Recommended: Free Phonics Programme The tried and trusted Step by Step phonics programme by Mrs Mona McNee is now available online free of charge. It's straightforward, easy for parents and teachers to follow and suitable for all ages including adults: Phonics 4 Free.
Candidates including Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders took on gun control, Benghazi and other big issues at the first Democratic presidential debate of the 2016 race. Here are the highlights. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
Candidates including Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders took on gun control, Benghazi and other big issues at the first Democratic presidential debate of the 2016 race. Here are the highlights. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
Democratic front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton sought to cast herself as an outsider — because she would be the first woman president — and as a leader who'd sought out confrontations with Wall Street bankers and Chinese leaders during the party's first debate of the 2016 presidential race.
“America's been knocked down,” Clinton said in her closing statement Tuesday night, talking about the devastation of the Great Recession. “America's best days are still ahead.”
The question in the debate's aftermath will be whether those arguments rang true to voters — who may see the former first lady, senator and secretary of state as a Washington insider, regardless of her gender — and whether the accomplishments Clinton cited are good enough to qualify her for the White House.
Clinton's chief rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), largely avoided attacks on the front-runner: In fact, he actually helped her escape a question about the scandal over her use of a private e-mail sever to conduct State Department business, saying the American people were “sick and tired” of hearing about the e-mails.
Instead, Sanders used the debate to repeat arguments that he's made a number of times on the campaign trail, saying that a “political revolution” was needed to fight the power of big money in politics. He was not pressed to explain the mechanics of his sweeping and expensive proposals, which would offer free tuition at state universities and a national health-care system for all Americans.
1 of 5 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The top quotes from the first Democratic presidential debate View Photos Memorable quotes from the first Democratic presidential debate. Caption Memorable quotes from the first Democratic presidential debate. Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
[The candidate breaking through in the Democratic debate? Bernie Sanders.]
His most difficult moments — in a sympathetic room in Las Vegas — came when he was pressed to explain his stances on gun control, an issue where Sanders stands to the right of Clinton and other rivals.
“All the shouting in the world is not going to do what I would hope all of us want, and that is keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have” them, Sanders said, calling for more mental-health treatment for people who might be suicidal or homicidal.
The other three candidates came in as long shots, and probably left as the same.
Former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley was unusually soft-spoken for a man who desperately needed to seize the spotlight.
Jim Webb, the former senator from Virginia, had strong moments on foreign policy, but he also spent much time complaining about how he'd been marginalized by the moderators.
And Lincoln Chafee, the former senator and governor from Rhode Island, looked like a man who hadn't prepared: Twice he said he'd voted for a particular bill because a majority of other senators were doing it, and he went along.
The evening was clearly dominated by Clinton and Sanders.
Clinton was immediately put on the defensive by CNN's Anderson Cooper, the debate's moderator, who listed instances when she'd changed her political positions, including on same-sex marriage and the recent Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. “I do absorb new information. I do look at what's happening in the world,” Clinton said. Pressed by Cooper to say whether she was a progressive or a moderate, she said, “I'm a progressive, but I'm a progressive who likes to get things done.”
Asked later to explain how she would be different from President Obama, Clinton cited her gender.
“I think that's pretty obvious,” Clinton said, when asked how her presidency would not be a “third term” for Obama. “I think being the first woman president would be quite a change.”
Cooper followed up: “Is there a policy difference?”
Clinton's answer was not very specific: She said she would build on Obama's policies in some areas, and go further in others.
Although Clinton has come out against Obama's Trans-Pacific Partnership, she used the president as a job reference.
“He asked me to become secretary of state,” she said, after being criticized for her vote in favor of the Iraq war in 2002. “He valued my judgment,” she said, and trusted Clinton's advice in situation-room discussions.
She offered a full-throated defense of the U.S. military intervention in Libya, despite the chaos and the rise of Islamist militias that followed, but it was another question on Libya that put Clinton on defense and presented one of the more interesting moments of the debate.
Clinton was questioned about her use of a private e-mail system while serving as secretary of state, which has become the focus of a House committee investigating the death of four Americans in an attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi. While at the State Department, Clinton often used a personal e-mail address — and a private e-mail server located at her home in New York — to conduct government business.
“It wasn't the best choice,” Clinton said, before attacking the committee itself. She cited a statement by House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) in which he implied that the committee's best outcome was to undercut Clinton's poll numbers. “This committee is basically an arm of the Republican National Committee. It is a partisan vehicle . . . to drive down my poll numbers. Big surprise. And that's what they have attempted to do. I am still standing.”
Sanders, Clinton's top rival in this race, seemingly came to her defense. “Let me say something that may not be great politics,” he said. “The American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn e-mails.”
That statement drew loud and sustained applause, in a room full of Democratic partisans — even while Cooper cautioned that it might be less well-received elsewhere. The CNN moderator prompted Chafee — one of the three long shots onstage with Clinton and Sanders — to say that he worried that Clinton's handling of the scandal might harm American credibility.
Cooper asked Clinton: Did she want to respond?
“No,” Clinton said. More laughs. In this room, Chafee's criticism seemed worthy of a brush-off.
Clinton, however, was not as generous to Sanders earlier in the debate. She was sharply critical of Sanders on guns, saying that the senator had been on the wrong side of votes over background checks for gun buyers and immunity for gun manufacturers.
Asked by Cooper whether Sanders had been tough enough on guns, Clinton said, “No, not at all.”
“Senator Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill,” which toughened restrictions about who could buy guns, Clinton said. She also cited a bill that was designed to shield gun manufacturers from liability in lawsuits. “I voted against. I was in the Senate at the same time. . . . It was pretty straightforward to me.”
[Hillary Clinton serves notice to Bernie Sanders: No more truce]
Sanders is to the left of most of the Democrats in this race on most issues — but gun control is an exception. Sanders was first elected to Congress in part because the National Rifle Association fiercely attacked his opponent.
In the debate, Sanders told the others that they should understand the perspective of voters in a rural state like Vermont, which has very little gun control.
“Our job is to bring people together,” Sanders said, as he tried to pivot the argument to the subject of health care, saying that he wanted to expand mental-health services to people who might be suicidal or homicidal.
There were other points of friction between the two candidates.
When Anderson asked Sanders whether he could be elected while identifying as a “democratic socialist,” he said: “We're gonna win, because first we're gonna explain what democratic socialism is.” Sanders said that he wanted to replicate conditions seen in other industrialized countries, including free health care and paid family leave.
Clinton stepped in, offering a veiled criticism of Sanders — which, in this debate, may be the only kind of criticism there is.
“We are not Denmark. I love Denmark. We are the United States of America, and it's our job to rein in the excesses of capitalism,” she said, referring to Sanders's statement that he was not a capitalist. “We would be making a grave mistake to turn our backs on what built the greatest middle class” in the world, she said.
Sanders struck back when Clinton was questioned about her relationships with Wall Street. She sought to combat suggestions that she is too closely aligned with the big banks, saying she had personally scolded Wall Street bankers to “cut it out,” months before the financial crisis of 2008.
“I respect the passion and intensity. I represented Wall Street, as a senator from New York,” Clinton said, after hearing Sanders outline a plan to break up big banks. She described meeting with Wall Street bankers in 2007. “I basically said, cut it out. Quit foreclosing on homes. Quit engaging in these speculative behaviors.”
The financial crisis happened anyway, of course. A few moments later, Sanders offered what passed — in this low-drama debate — for a zinger.
“Congress does not regulate Wall Street. Wall Street regulates Congress,” Sanders said. “Going to them and saying please do the right thing is kind of naive.”
As the five candidates onstage debated that issue, Chafee, who could afford few missteps, appeared to make one. Asked why had supported a measure that repealed a decades-old regulation and empowered Wall Street banks, Chafee's answer appeared to be that he didn't fully understand the bill.
“I just arrived in the Senate. I think we get some [do-overs],” Chafee said. At the time, his father Sen. John Chafee (R-R.I.) had died, and he had been appointed to fill the same seat.
What does that say about you, Cooper asked?
“I think you're being rough. I'd just arrived. It was the first vote, and it was 90 to 5,” Chafee said.
For Chafee, Webb and O'Malley, performance in the debate was critical. They are all polling below 1 percent, according to the average of polls at Real Clear Politics. If they were Republicans, they'd be relegated to the undercard, debating other margin-of-error candidates at dinnertime.
[The other three guys in the debate]
But in the smaller Democratic field, there is room for them. And all of them needed to make an impression, in order to attract donors and voters. There will be five more Democratic debates, but — if they can't stand out in this one — the three long shots may not make it to all of the others.
O'Malley, trying desperately to stand out, had his most memorable moments in the opening and closing statements as he seemed to try to take some of Sanders's thunder by seizing on economic inequality. He also challenged Sanders on his stance on gun control, noting that as governor, he led Maryland in passing such measures.
“We passed comprehensive gun safety legislation, not by looking at the pollings or looking at what the polls said,” he said. But he said such measures have little chance in Congress, in a pointed reference to Sanders.
Webb, at one point, complained of not being called on at all. “I've been standing over here for about 10 minutes here,” he said, before finally being asked his opinions about foreign policy.
Webb tried to score some points where he could. He took a jab at Sanders call for a “political revolution” to bring him to the White House and other changes to Washington. Webb questioned whether — even under a President Sanders — that kind of revolution was possible.
“Bernie, I don't think the revolution's going to come. And I don't think that the Congress is going to pay for a lot of this stuff,” Webb said.
✿ Gemanimate 2 - The Answer ✿ A Steven Universe Reanimate Project ✿
It's finally time! Here is Gemanimate 2 in all its glory! A total of 164 animators across the globe have come together to reanimate Steven Universe's The Answer. Everyone who has contributed shots has donated their time and skills to pay tribute to the best animated series out there, Steven Universe.
I'm so thankful for the the extreme amount of support that's been shown by all of you guys through this whole project. It's been a lot of work behind the scenes from me (Katie Elle) and our extremely talented animators and we couldn't have done it without you all. Check it out on Twitter too.
I'm so beyond proud of what's been created. So what are you waiting for?! Watch and enjoy!
TOKYO (Reuters) - Just a few years ago, Japan's big banks teetered on the brink of collapse and came to symbolize the moribund state of the world's No.2 economy.
A logo of Nomura Holdings, Japan's largest brokerage, is pictured in Tokyo April 22, 2008. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao
Now, those same financial firms are helping reshape the global banking landscape.
Nomura Holdings (8604.T), Japan's biggest brokerage, is snapping up the Asian arm of failed U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers LEHMQ.PK for up to $525 million, and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial (8306.T), the country's biggest bank, is buying up to 20 percent of Morgan Stanley (MS.N) for as much as $8.5 billion.
Those deals have fueled speculation that Goldman Sachs (GS.N), which like Morgan Stanley is transforming into a commercial bank, might turn to Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG) (8316.T), Japan's third-largest bank, with which it has a long relationship.
Once considered too naive and cautious for the high-risk, high-return world of investment banking, cash-rich Japanese firms are once again aggressively pushing abroad.
“The balance of power in the global financial industry has changed dramatically over the past one to two weeks,” said Shinichi Ina, banking analyst at Credit Suisse in Tokyo.
“I don't think anyone imagined a few months ago that Mitsubishi would be making Morgan Stanley into a group firm. I don't think they could have imagined it themselves.”
Japanese financial firms have largely avoided the massive credit losses that tore through Wall Street. Unlike Western rivals, Mitsubishi UFJ and others have largely shied away from riskier investments since their near-death several years ago, when they needed massive injections of public funds to stay afloat.
Now, the upheaval on Wall Street has changed everything.
While Lehman Brothers has filed for bankruptcy, Merrill Lynch & Co MER.N is to merge with Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), and the U.S. Federal Reserve has turned Morgan Stanley and Goldman into bank holding companies, killing off the investment banking model that dominated Wall Street for more than 20 years.
DEPOSITS NEEDED
Morgan Stanley's deal with Mitsubishi UFJ will speed the U.S. firm's transformation into a commercial bank, improving its chances for survival. The deal will give Morgan Stanley access to Mitsubishi UFJ's $1.1 trillion in bank deposits.
“In this new environment I think people have recognized the importance of having stable investors and affiliations with large deposit-taking institutions, and MUFG ranks up there,” said Jason Rogers, credit analyst at Barclays Capital.
In turn, Mitsubishi UFJ will get a seat on Morgan Stanley's board and potential for future business tie-ups.
Saddled with a faltering economy and a declining population at home, Japanese financial firms are increasingly looking for growth opportunities abroad.
Overseas acquisitions by Japanese financials already total $12.5 billion this year, up four-fold from the same period last year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Mitsubishi UFJ's purchase of the Morgan Stanley stake would be the biggest overseas acquisition by a Japanese financial firm.
Mitsubishi UFJ last month bid $3.5 billion to buy the remaining 35 percent it doesn't already own of U.S. regional bank UnionBanCal Corp UB.N, and analysts have said it could acquire another regional lender in the United States.
“Clearly the Japanese banks have an opportunity, given that they have been less badly damaged by the broader credit crisis than some of their international peers, so they have the resources to make investments overseas at what appear to be attractive prices,” said David Marshall, head of Asia-Pacific Financial Institutions at Fitch Ratings.
EYES ON SMFG, GOLDMAN
Analysts now wonder if Goldman Sachs may turn to SMFG.
“SMFG has always had very close ties with Goldman Sachs so you can't rule out some sort of more comprehensive tie-up there,” said Barclays' Rogers.
In 2003, Goldman bought 150 billion yen of SMFG's convertible preferred shares. In the 1980s, SMFG's predecessor bank helped bail out Goldman.
But the question remains about how much Japanese financials will actually gain from their overseas shopping. Part of the problem may be the difference in culture.
Kirby Daley, senior strategist at Newedge Group in Hong Kong, said Japanese banks' recent purchases could be driven by wanting to keep up with the pace of internationalization.
“Cultural issues may plague the integration of the old U.S. investment bank mentality versus the Japanese banking mindset,” he said.
In the straight-laced world of Japanese banking, stability and seniority are highly valued, unlike the U.S. model that emphasizes individual merit and profitability.
“The cultures are so different,” said Ina of Credit Suisse.
“You have the greedy investment bank and Mitsubishi, which is considered to have the most conservative culture among Japanese banks.
“To effectively leverage the strength of the investment bank I think you need a certain degree of distance.”
Complete Memory Sequence 1. (1)
Complete Memory Sequence 2. (2)
Complete Memory Sequence 3. (1)
Complete Memory Sequence 4. (1)
Complete Memory Sequence 5.
Complete Memory Sequence 6. (1)
Complete Memory Sequence 7. (1)
Complete Memory Sequence 8.
Recruit a gang of 5 allies. (5)
Sample every beer brand in London. (6)
Kick fifty enemies off of trains. (22)
Secure three Gang Strongholds and complete their optional constraints.
Win three different Fight Clubs. (1)
Finish first in 3 different Street Races. (4)
Complete ten Raids of any type with Jacob or Evie. (2)
Bring three Bounty targets back alive.
Complete three Templar Hunts and their challenges.
Complete five Child Liberation memories.
Successfully escort ten friendly cargo shipments. (6)
Reach Loyalty level 1 with all Associates. (4)
Reach maximum Loyalty with any Associate. (5)
Acquire ten Perks. (3)
Acquire all of the Gang Upgrades. (1)
Craft a Level 10 Item. (4)
Learn every Fight Skill as Jacob.
Learn every Stealth Skill as Evie. (1)
Reach Level 10.
Complete twenty Crowd Events. (5)
Collect all of the Pressed Flowers. (4)
Collect all of the Historical Posters. (1)
Collect all of the Royal Letters. (4)
Synchronize every Viewpoint in London. (9)
Reach 100% Sync in the Main Memories (1)
Destroy twenty vehicles by ramming them.
Flip five vehicles by shooting their horses. (8)
Kill three enemies with a single stack of hanging barrels. (7)
Hijack twenty police vehicles. (16)
Reach combo level 40. (6)
Perform fifty Multi-Finishers.
Assassinate fifty enemies. (6)
Affect at least four enemies simultaneously with the Hallucinogenic Dart. (5)
Air Assassinate twenty enemies from a zipline. (1)
Shoot fifty enemies before they shoot at you. (14)
Destroy 5000 destructibles with your carriage (16)
Secret Achievements
Complete Memory Sequence 9. (7)
Complete the World War I simulation. (7)
Unlock all of the Secrets of London. (5)
Kill five enemies from within the same haystack. (3)
Conquer all the boroughs in London (1)
DLC: Jack The Ripper
Price: $14.99 USD Achievements: 7 Points: 300
Perform 30 complete Brutal Takedowns.
Kill a Brute while he calms down his panicked allies. (5)
Scare an enemy and make him kill someone else by mistake. (1)
Frighten 200 enemies. (10)
Unlock 50% of the skills. (1)
Achieve 100% synchronization in the DLC. (12)
Secret Achievements
Updated 2:40PM - In the comments, some of you mentioned you wanted pointers. Since we are mainly a b2b focused site for security professionals, we originally didn't include pointers. We did add pointers to help those who asked.
It never fails to amaze me when I read studies about how careless and stupid people are with regards to their online security – especially with online passwords. Most of you who are reading this likely don't fall into this category, but I'm sure you know many people who do.
Another study was released to today, that once again, shows how careless people really are online. When it comes to safeguarding personal information online, many people don't seem to care very much, or don't think enough about it.
The password study, commissioned by Internet security firm Webroot, uncovers some scary common password practices. In the survey of more than 2,500 people, Webroot found some interesting trends in how users handle their online passwords.
Among the findings:
• 4 in 10 respondents shared passwords with at least one person in the past year.
• Nearly as many people use the same password to log into multiple Web sites, which could expose their information on each of the sites if one of them becomes compromised. (A separate recent study revealed that 75% of people use the same password for Social Networking Sites and their email accounts)
• Almost half of all users never use special characters (e.g. ! ? & #) in their passwords, a simple technique that makes it more difficult for criminals to guess passwords. (Yet not all sites support this option of special characters!)
• 2 in 10 have used a significant date, such as a birth date, or a pet's name as a password – information that's often publicly visible on social networks.
"We're seeing between 40,000 to 100,000 new samples of malware emerge daily, and in most of those cases the motivation behind the malware is financial," said Jeff Horne, Director of Threat Research at Webroot.
Other Interesting Findings:
Younger people are especially likely to take online security risks. Webroot found that among 18 to 29 year-olds:
• 12 percent have shared a password in a text message (vs. 4 percent overall)
• 30 percent logged into a site requiring a password over public WiFi (vs. 21 percent overall) (Note: This is typically only dangerous when you logon not using SSL -- aka HTTPS in your browser)
• Over half (54 percent) have shared passwords with one or more people in the past year (vs. 41 percent of people overall)
The number of Web sites that require an extra layer of security has proliferated, driving careless habits:
• Three quarters (77 percent) of consumers have five or more accounts with online services that require passwords.
• One-third (35 percent) have 10 or more password-protected accounts. Only 10 percent ensure they never use the same password on different accounts.
• Passwords are forgotten occasionally, often or always by over half of consumers (51 percent).
Despite these disturbing figures, consumers still think they are safe, with 50 percent of people saying they feel their passwords are very or extremely secure. That being said, according to the survey:
• 86 percent do not check for a secure connection when accessing sensitive information when using unfamiliar computers.
• 14 percent never change their banking password.
• And 30 percent remember their passwords by writing them down and hiding them somewhere like a desk drawer.
• 41 percent use the same password for multiple accounts.
• Only 16 percent create passwords with more than 10 characters in length.
• Almost half of Facebook users (47 percent) use their Facebook password on other accounts and 62 percent of Facebook users never change their password.
One thing that Webroot points out is that any account can be valuable to a cybercriminal, not just online banking accounts. Social networking accounts are a perfect example – just because your bank account isn't connected to your Facebook profile, your account is still valuable to fraudsters, and many scams use hijacked facebook accounts to ask for money from your friends, while appearing to be you.
Smarten up, folks. It's really not so hard to setup some solid password practices. At the very least, promise to to make sure your online banking and email accounts have their OWN unique passwords. If you have many accounts and really don't see yourself having all unique passwords, at least keep your email separate as well as any finance related accounts. And, again since most of our readers don't really fall in this category, at least try to open the eyes of those around you.
Pointers On Password Security - (Added at 2:40PM in response to reader requests) These are "guidelines" and by no means perfect for every situation and for every person. Consider them more than "things to think about" when managing your passwords.
• Make Your Password Unique When You Can – As a critical line of defense, choose passwords wisely. Incorporate numbers, letters and special characters (such as punctuation marks) to strengthen your password. Form a password using letters, numbers and figures in a memorable sentence.
• Use one password for one site -- Once you've created a unique password, use it only for one Web site or one service. This is especially important for your email account and online banking accounts. If you use the same password everywhere, you open up a gateway to the information stored on each of your password-protected sites if one of them is compromised. In addition, don't write down passwords and store them for your own recall on a notepad or in a Word document, unless its stored in a very safe and secure location such as locked safe.
• Not Sharing is Caring – Never share any password with anyone: Not your boss, your best friend, your cousin or your significant other, unless required. Once a password is out of your control, you don't know how it will be used. If you've shared a password, to regain control of your account change the password.
• Change your passwords periodically -- Change the passwords you use most frequently, and never keep the same password on any account for more than a year even if you rarely use the site. For help, a good password manager feature will remind you when it's time to switch it up.
• Say no when browsers offer to save your password – Web site browsers like Firefox and Internet Explorer have a feature which lets users save passwords for later use. The most widely distributed password stealing Trojans, including Zbot and SpyEye, know where to look and how to steal that information if you get infected. This also applies if you use an FTP client.
Rockets strive for third place, but focus more on finishing strong
CHICAGO -- With the Western Conference standings tightening, as the Jazz closed to within three games of the Rockets for third place, Rockets coach Mike D'Antoni said he does not necessarily use the standing for motivation but said his team knows and cares about where it stands.
"You try to get them going," D'Antoni said. "They want to finish third. That's their objective. But we also want to finish strong, get ready for the playoffs. That goes hand in hand. Can't do one without the other.
"We have to worry about ourselves. We just have to get to the playoffs first. You try to be healthy and playing well. Then, you look at your seeds. Can you tell me the difference between second, third, fourth? Once you go in, you have to match up with that team. It would be nice to have homecourt advantage. It doesn't mean the world. We're going to try to get it, obviously."
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
In a new interview with Edge, Driveclub game director Paul Rustchynsky yet again explains why having the PlayStation 4 racer run at 1080p/30fps was the right choice for the game. The publication asked him if sacrificing framerate is worth it for the sake of visual fidelity, and he responded in the affirmative.
"I absolutely think so," Rustchynsky said. "I suspect a lot of people think we may have compromised the gameplay experience by choosing 30fps, but we've spent a huge amount of time minimizing the latency between the pad and what happens inside the game so you never feel disconnected, and you never feel like you're getting a sub-par experience."
Even though the PS4 is a powerful machine, it doesn't mean developers don't also face situations where they must make a tradeoff, Rustchynsky went on to say.
"It's a balance, because you can only do so much on any platform--PS4 has been fantastic to work with and we've done a good job of pushing it," he said. "It's always a tradeoff, ultimately, and I think we've made the right choices to make the best driving game we could have made."
According to Rustchynsky, the payoff is that Driveclub has beautiful visuals and excellent audio, complemented by a sleek user interface and unique social components. Rustchynsky said previously that outputting in 1080p/30fps was "absolutely the best thing" for Driveclub, because it allowed the studio to "deliver the most detailed cars in-race that you will ever have seen."
You can find out for yourself when Driveclub launches exclusively for PS4 on October 7.
A scream came from inside the temple. It was the pained screams of the leader of the Crystal Gems, Rose Quartz.
She lied next to the wall of the temple, close enough to be able to clench into the sand with her left hand while squeezing her partners', Greg Universe's, hand. He looked extremely pale as he squeezed back.
She knew that giving birth would be painful, but she never felt this much pain in her life that would soon end.
Garnet and Pearl stood near her and Greg, worriedly looking at her and knowing that she wouldn't be with them for much longer.
Amethyst had run into her room of the temple once Rose started to feel abdominal pain. Rose knew Amethyst would be okay once Steven joined them, but it hurt to see her upset.
A sharp pain near her gem causes the leader to scream again.
"I think it's happening!" Rose shouts, gasping for air.
Garnet and Pearl rush over to her, getting on their knees. Pearl had already begun to cry.
"Rose." She whispers, unable to keep her calm anymore.
Rose smiled at her, continuing to gasp for the air that she never needed.
"My Pearl," she says, picking her hand up from the sand to put on her cheek. "You have done so much to show that you are your own gem. You fought by my side from the beginning of the war. Pearl, you are perfect and I love you."
Pearl weakly smiles at her before choking back a sob.
"I will try to protect and teach Steven and make sure he is loved as much as I can."
"I know."
Rose looked up to Garnet, who had gotten to her feet again. She could tell the fusion was worried.
"Garnet," she said, forcing herself not to scream again as another shock of pain hits her.
Garnet turns to her again.
"Do you mind taking over your visor? I wish to see your face."
Garnet complies, removing her visor as it fades. Her three eyes looked pained and she seemed to be fighting back tears.
"I don't know if I've ever explained to you how brave you really are. You rapidly became a strong fighter during the war. You never gave up during it, never for a minute. You are made of love, Garnet. And it's stronger than any Homeworld device they could create."
Garnet smiled, wiping a tear for her third eye.
"Thank you Rose. I will try to be a leader for the team as best as I can."
"Garnet, you will be a better leader than I could have ever been."
The fusion seemed taken aback from that, quickly covering her face with a hand. Rose could tell she had started to cry.
"Tell Amethyst that she's perfect the way she is. After she found out about what the Kindergarten was used for, she never seemed to fully believe that she was perfect."
Pearl nods, wiping her tears.
Rose smiles and turns to Greg, breathing heavily.
Greg had tears streaming down his face, hitting the ground underneath him. His hair was almost gone at the top, but he was still the same person she met at the concert, but a little wiser.
"Greg." She said, tears starting to form as the pain starting spreading to her gem. However, she refused without saying goodbye.
"R-Rose." He stutters as he squeezes her hand so hard his knuckles turned white.
"You showed me what it turns means to be human without being one. I hope you know how much you mean to me."
She forces herself to move closer to him and kisses his cheek, causing him to blush.
She moves back and leans against the wall.
"I love all of- OH!" She attempts to continue her sentence, but the pain became too much for her.
"Rose!" She heard a collection of voices shout. She didn't recognize any of them, but she had a desire to comfort them.
In only a matter of seconds, she could also feel her body energy sapping. She tried to remember what was going on around her, but she couldn't. She tried to remember anything about herself; she couldn't.
The last thing she remembers was a dark area with a voice speaking to her.
"Hello, Rose Quartz Facet 815J, Cut 0SU. I hope you are ready to serve your diamond; Pink Diamond."
After the words ended, her whole being seemed to fade into nothing but light.
When Greg, Garnet and Pearl looked back to where Rose was lying, all there was left was a small crying baby with a pink gem located in his navel.
7.7K Shares
A big thank you to Lunapads for sponsoring this article! Get your 15% discount at Lunapads.com using the code: EVERYDAYFEMINISM
I'm doing the cramp wiggle at my desk chair right now.
You know, the seat acrobatics you do when you've got cramps, but you're too lazy to get up and get Advil, and it hasn't gotten bad enough yet that you've got to lie on the ground with your butt up in the air.
It's funny. When I initially began writing this article, I hadn't had anything resembling a period in months. And then my doctor switched my birth control on me, and my reproductive organs took full advantage of the slight change in hormones. My body really, really wants to menstruate, y'all.
Oh. This might be a good time to mention that I'm a dude – one with a uterus. A very, very excitable uterus.
I actually did okay when the Great Body Part Mechanic in the Sky was handing out body parts. I have broad shoulders; fat settles on my belly instead of my thighs; and I have narrow hips. I'm built like a little bull (or refrigerator).
So although I don't take testosterone, my body looks male in many ways that are important to me.
Unfortunately, there's still my reproductive system.
When I got my period – at eleven – I discovered that my female hormones were just about as excited about menstruation as they could possibly be.
I used to think that this was something I'd just have to deal with, like my small hands and long eyelashes. But then, my psychiatrist prescribed me birth control pills.
She had correctly identified that I'm least stable in the weeks before and after my period. So I got to take BC for “continuous suppression of periods.”
I mostly get to forget that I can have periods. But I can't pretend that I'm going to be able to avoid it permanently. Every once in a while, I have a full blown period attack.
So that's my life. My period is going to period whenever it gets the chance.
It's not easy. Everyone in the world thinks periods are the ultimate expression of femininity. Sometimes it makes me feel very, very feminine.
But the truth is, there's no reason bleeding makes me feminine. Gynomastia doesn't make men women, and my period doesn't make me one either.
Most trans guys have to deal with their periods at some point or another. It's not something we talk about — a lot of us are ashamed, which is understandable.
But this shouldn't be a shameful thing. We should be able to talk about what our bodies are doing and help each other out with tips and support.
I'm trying to start a conversation both about why menstruation isn't an inherently female thing — if trans men experience it, it can't be truly female, can it? — and how talking about our bodies is sometimes the best way to fight dysphoria and learn new things about how to improve our lives.
Periods happen to lots and lots of people. Many of them are women and girls, but those of us who are something else should have a context for our experience and a way of talking about it without being misgendered.
So here's what I do to help myself feel better when I'm getting a visit from Aunt Period.
1. Avoid ‘Feminine Products'
I like not to wear pads or tampons or any sort of quote-unquote “feminine product.”
This is not possible for everyone, and it's not even possible for me without the aid of birth control.
When I do need to buy them, sometimes I ask my girlfriend to buy them for me; sometimes I make a lot of jokes about it in my head. I remind myself that the cashier definitely does not care what I'm purchasing. If I'm feeling particularly fragile about it, I avoid stores where I might run into the same cashier again.
But when it is possible, it makes me feel more like myself experiencing a medical condition and less like I'm a lady flower experiencing lady uterus ladyship.
2. Treat It with a Sense of Humor
For example, I call it a “man period.” I joke to myself about it. I joke to my friends and girlfriend about it. I make it silly so it's less likely to upset me. If I make light of it, it has less power over me. Silly things don't cause deep emotions. When you trip over your shoelaces in front of your Mean Girl coworkers, you can make it serious – Wonderful; now they're gonna think I'm clutzy – or you can make it funny: Of course I had to trip just then. Perhaps I should take up ballet. It's not easy to embrace the latter perspective, but I've found when you make yourself take things less seriously, everyone else follows suit. 3. Remember That Anatomy Isn't a Binary It helps to remind myself that there are more similarities between “male” and “female” anatomy than there are differences. I'm not going to get ejected from the realm of masculinity because my set of gonads produces blood from time to time. I didn't get “born into the wrong body.” I just developed a little differently from some guys. We all have the same basic stuff. My junk just got a little confused along the way. Also, we have this idea that there are male genitals and female genitals and nothing in between, and that they are polar opposites. This couldn't be further from the truth. Human sexuality is a glorious mess, and it makes me feel better to know that I'm not at the wrong end of the binary. I'm just somewhere on it, like everyone else. 4. Talk to Other Trans Guys About It A lot of trans guys have periods, for whatever reason. And a lot of them are very philosophical about it. I definitely recommend talking to them. I find it's easier to put things in perspective when I feel like I'm not the only one experiencing something. I have some male friends who still get their periods, and they experience a range of feelings about it, but hearing a trans guy complain about getting his period like it's a totally normal thing for a dude to complain about makes me feel like I can treat it like a totally normal thing to complain about, too. Talking about your reproductive organs as a masculine-identified person is a political act. If we openly talk about it, there's less shame. If there's less shame, there's less pain and more acceptance. 5. Let Go of Expectations Lastly, and most simply, I try to let go of my expectations. We all grow up with a link between sex and gender and ideas about what's intrinsically male and female. Even though I have more information now, and I know intellectually that sex and gender aren't as simple as I was raised to believe, it takes time to override my upbringing. I may have to remind myself over and over again that having a period doesn't make me female any more than having nipples makes someone a mother, but someday I'll overcome my conditioned ideas of sex and gender and be able to fully accept that men can have periods. My body is not female. My menstruation is not female. It just is. My body just is. *** My body is its own thing. It does what it does, and that's fine. Getting my period is painful and bloody and messy and annoying, but it doesn't have to make me feel like less of a guy. The amount of pain I hear from trans men related to their periods is substantial. But by talking about it and degendering it, we can lessen the pain. Menstruating doesn't have to be a girl thing. 7.7K Shares Wiley Reading is a Contributing Writer at Everyday Feminism. Wiley is a New Jersey-born artist, writer, environmentalist, and social justice advocate located in Burlington, VT. He works as a community health worker for the Greater Burlington YMCA, and writes for Disrupting Dinner Parties, a small collective feminist blog. In his free time, Wiley draws bugs and old buildings, loves every show on the Food Network, makes creative (read: pulled from the recycling) toys for his bunnies, and tipsily reminds every person in every bar that New Jersey is the best state. Follow him on Twitter @wreadinggo. Found this article helpful?
Help us keep publishing more like it by Help us keep publishing more like it by becoming a member!
By Sherri Snelling, Next Avenue Contributor
It all started with a fifth-grade class project. Scott Tarde, CEO of George G. Glenner Alzheimer's Family Centers, which has operated dementia day care facilities in California's San Diego county for 35 years, was amazed at his 12-year-old daughter's enthusiasm over her Junior Achievement “BizTown” field trip.
In a huge space not unlike a converted shopping mall, the young students took on civic roles such as mayor, bank teller and restaurant owner. The goal was to immerse children in what it takes to run a city and understand the economy.
For Tarde, a lightbulb went on.
Time Capsule Therapy for People With Dementia
For the more than 5 million Americans who have Alzheimer's, their minds are trapped in a world often many years in the past. Short-term memory loss is common; they may not recognize younger members of the family such as grandchildren. Yet, long-term memories often remain intact. They recall days of their youth and may think an adult son is actually their husband or long-deceased father.
Triggering positive memories from the past is often the goal of families and dementia-care professionals. An approach called reminiscence therapy (RT), initially presented by renowned geriatrician Robert Butler and noted psychologist Erik Erikson, can help dementia patients calm anxiety, soothe aggressive behavior, prevent wandering and improve quality of life, studies have shown.
Tarde and his business development director, Lisa Tyburski, were already using RT in their dementia day care facilities. They wanted to take the concept to a new level. Their vision is to create a completely immersive experience — a faux Main Street U.S.A. circa 1953 to 1961, when many of their dementia patients were in their younger years. Their research led them to the first dementia village. It was created in The Netherlands in 2009 and is called Hogewyck; dementia residents and health care professionals all live in the same enclosed village.
An Old Model for a New Idea
But while Hogeweyk is a 24/7 residential care town with several city blocks, it doesn't offer the retro style that Tarde and team are building in San Diego, called the Glenner Town Square. And Glenner is a day program, not a residential center.
The “town” encompasses 8,500 square feet, 24 buildings and 12 storefronts — including a diner, Post Office, barbershop, pet store, library, museum and even a movie theater. In it, dementia patients will be able to spend the day exploring this world independently, in small groups or with their families. It offers a secure environment, with the watchful eye of Glenner dementia care professionals operating the storefronts and other businesses and interacting with the patients throughout the day.
The $3 million Glenner Town Square will be built in collaboration with the San Diego Opera Scenic Studio using the artisans and production staff who create the environments and sets for the stage. It is scheduled to open in 2018 and will be the first “dementia village” in the U.S.
Tyburski advises that this is just the beginning. The plan is to build these villages first throughout California, and then to expand nationally. Other long-term care communities across the country may have a nostalgia room with décor and photos, such as The Easton Home near Philadelphia, but Glenner Town Square will be the first planned, and completely standalone, dementia village-style environment that envelopes the dementia patients in a world they know well but which has been gone for more than 50 years.
Also on Forbes:
“A lot of thought and planning has gone into the Town Square,” says Tyburski. “For instance, we found a Hollywood prop company, History for Hire, that can provide any era furniture and other décor, and we are creating fire hydrants and other street props made of rubber or fiberglass, so they are safe for our patients.”
Memory-Triggering Details
And while the Glenner Town Square will evoke an earlier era resembling any town across the country, each village built will have some local flavor that may help trigger memories for Glenner's Alzheimer's patients. In this first Town Square in San Diego, an Old Town gaslight street and Navy Town section represent the real local area attractions that have been part of San Diego for decades and still exist today.
Tom Christian, an architect whose wife Grace was diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia in 2012 at age 52, finds the Glenner Town Square concept revolutionary in dementia care.
“Grace needs a lot of different activities and stimulation throughout the day to keep her from picking up objects and pacing with them,” he says. “While the current adult day care activities have helped, the idea of her having a whole ‘town' to explore, with familiar but different settings in a controlled space, with safe confines and expert supervisors during the day, is a breakthrough for us.”
A Happier Place on Earth
It seems appropriate that Southern California will be the site of the nation's first dementia village, and the 1950s timeframe is also suggestive of a similar genius concept. After all, it was July 1955 when a visionary named Walt Disney transformed a 160-acre orange grove in Anaheim, Calif., and created Frontierland, Adventureland, Fantasyland and Tomorrowland — a place for families to immerse themselves in other worlds. Glenner Town Square is embarking on a new era in dementia care, providing the same intergenerational opportunities and sparks of joy that are a hallmark of the Disney theme parks.
“Reminiscence therapy can be a powerful tool for dementia patients,” says Dr. Peter Whitehouse, professor of neurology and neuroscience at Case Western University and president of the Intergenerational Schools International. “It makes those with Alzheimer's more content and happier because they return to a time in their lives when there was no perceived failure — a time when their memory was intact and they did not feel lost.”
Whitehouse adds that combining RT with the actual historic environment is not only a powerful therapeutic solution for those with dementia, but also engages family members who may have been at a loss as to how to interact and elicit communication with their loved one.
“Both children and seniors, including those with a dementia diagnosis, can feel isolated, lonely and vulnerable,” Whitehouse adds. “Creating places where they can learn from, and interact with, each other creates a futuristic playground where each generation can create and share stories. Kids experience the past through the eyes of their elders and our seniors see the future in the eyes of the children.”
The Power of Reminiscing
Bob Partridge and his wife care for his 74-year-old mother-in-law, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's six years ago.
“My mother-in-law gets anxious, especially when she is more sedentary and does not get a lot of activity,” says Partridge. “We believe the Town Square concept gives us a chance to involve her in a pleasant, calming but active setting that may help slow the progression of her disease. I know the idea of slowing Alzheimer's is not scientifically proven — but we see that reminiscing about the past has a positive impact on her behavior and interaction with others, so we believe we can keep her engaged with us longer in this type of environment.”
Partridge also shares that his mother-in-law is challenged in interacting with her 17-year-old and 11-year-old grandchildren because of the barriers in communication that come with dementia. But he says this will offer them all a place to go and create new experiences based on his mother-in-law's re-living memories of her past.
“Having my mother-in-law be able to talk to her grandkids about her early years is a blessing we believe will come out of this experience in a natural and spontaneous way that the grandkids can appreciate,” adds Partridge. “We support more funding to help find a cure for Alzheimer's, but in the meantime, families need help with the care of dementia loved ones.”
The Way We Were
Tom Christian also shares that the idea of Glenner Town Square changes his perspective on his caregiving role and believes it may also help eliminate the stigma that's typical with an Alzheimer's diagnosis.
“With the adult day care center, I drop Grace off and then pick her up — it isn't something we share together and that was a special and important component of our relationship — our togetherness,' says Christian. “And while Grace and I go places together, it is sometimes hard to explain to people that she has dementia and what that means. Sometimes I have felt a stigma in how people treat you.”
Christian says when Glenner Town Square opens, he and his wife will now have a place to go together. He believes these types of advancements in dealing with the dignity of dementia families are important.
“A diagnosis of dementia doesn't have to mean the end of your life. I've been able to see it isn't a bad thing, it's just different,” says Christian. “Grace and I always said we both wanted a marriage where we spent as much time together as possible. The idea that we can stroll through a city street together and maybe go to a 1950s movie for a while creates a positive for me out of a not-so-positive situation.”
He adds: “I don't want to trivialize dementia in any way, but there can still be joy and magic moments to be shared and this gives us a place to do that.”
BY EJ DICKSON AND NICO LANG
This post contains graphic descriptions of sex and may be NSFW.
Here's a fun anecdote for your next cocktail party: When it came to providing urine receptacles for their astronauts, NASA encountered an unexpected problem. They gave their astronaut a choice of small, medium, or large sleeves to fit around their penises, but nobody would select either of the first two choices—and they kept slipping right off, leading to some unintended consequences. To fix this issue, the organization came up with a brilliant idea. They labeled them large, gigantic, and humongous instead.
Our society's penis anxiety is deeply ingrained in the fabric of how we think about our own sexualities—and those of our partners. For a man, the ultimate dig is to suggest that he has a small penis, thus questioning his very manhood. In the case of Drake, all it took was for one message board commenter on Gawker to suggest that his disco stick was “weird,” and penis speculation quickly went viral.
Patrick Moote had a similar experience when he proposed to his girlfriend at a UCLA basketball game. Instead of accepting his offer, she walked away off camera, later admitting that the reason she wouldn't marry him is that his penis was too small.The moment was documented on YouTube, becoming a viral phenomenon, and Moote later filmed a documentary, Unhung Hero, chronicling his exploration of society's preferences around penis size.
How much does penis size matter and how much is myth? To address the issue, Daily Dot sexperts EJ Dickson and Nico Lang put together a list of seven reasons that penis size doesn't matter as much as we think. The results will surprise you.
1) Bigger is only better to an extent.
Nico: I feel the same way about a nine-inch penis that I do an armored tank: They're nice to look at, but if a guy thinks he's parking it in my garage, he's utterly insane. Just because you have the equipment doesn't mean you necessarily know to operate the machinery, and there's simply no correlation between a guy's dick size and performance in bed. A guy with a big penis may be more confident in his sexuality, after a lifetime of having his body affirmed by sexual partners, but that can go one of two ways. Confidence can lead to incredibly sexy sex, but it also could mean that he's the type of guy who is so “sure what he's doing” that he ignores communication and physical cues. Guys who haven't been gifted with a battering ram tend to be more willing to listen and to give—and everyone loves a giver.
In addition, research has shown that while size matters to the receptive partner, it doesn't necessarily correlate to being more satisfied either in the bedroom or in a relationship. A survey from Kenya showed that women whose partners had large penises were actually more likely to cheat, and a large penis takes so much effort that there are actual guides on how to date a guy who is “too well-endowed.” If “dating is just one big game of penis roulette,” big penises are a special kind of bullet, one that you don't necessarily want to have to deal with all the time. Frankly, large members entail a kind of preparation and diligence that one simply doesn't want to give all the time. That's why instead of a military-grade member, I personally prefer “boyfriend penis,” the kind that's just right.
Summing up “bigger is better” debate, former Men's Health Columnist Nicole Beland put it best: “Yes, we care about the size of a man's penis. But when it comes to sexual satisfaction, it's pretty far down on our list of priorities.”
2) Women care about other things way more than they care about large penises.
EJ: For whatever reason, men have been laboring under the misguided impression that there is an underlying scientific reason for why women prefer big penises to smaller ones. And it is true that there are some studies demonstrating a slight tendency toward that preference. Last year, for instance, the Australian National University made headlines with a study that presented women with images of computer-generated males with varying heights and penis lengths. The researchers concluded that women demonstrated a slight preference toward men with larger flaccid penises.
The media, however, failed to pick up on two things about the study. First of all, the women's attraction to the men actually decreased when their penis size exceeded a certain length, indicating that most women prefer an average or slightly-above-average-size penis to an extra-large one. Just like anything else in life, there's a happy medium to be attained when it comes to penis size.
The other thing that people failed to realize about the study is that the women only preferred bigger penises when the penises were proportional to the men's size. So for instance, while they demonstrated a stronger attraction to tall men with larger penises, they weren't so crazy about shorter men with the same size penis. The Australian researchers surmised that had something to do with women's aversion to dating short men, but I suspect it has less to do with that and more with the general (though far from scientifically proven) human preference for proportionality. A shorter man with a large penis sort of comes off like the Little Tramp, jauntily whistling and twirling his enormous member at passersby.
Read more:
3) Just because big penises are the standard in porn doesn't mean they should be yours in real life.
Nico: If used correctly, pornography can be a great tool for education and discourse, a subject that EJ and I explored in a previous post, but something it's absolutely awful at is setting the tone for what our bodies should look like. Although there's nothing wrong with very skinny women who have implants, they tend to be the unilateral norm in straight porn, just as guys with gigantic cocks are in gay porn. Because porn often plays on our desires for excess and the spectacle, pornography has a way of making everything about size for the purpose of a fantasy, an irritatingly singular one.
While it would be imprudent to suggest that these fantasies shouldn't inform our sex life at all (because what we like to see often carries over to what we like in bed), the fantasy should not be our entire reality. This is a particular problem in the gay community, simply because we have so few representations of what queer bodies look like outside of pornography. LGBT people have made some progress in breaking the glass ceiling of mainstream media, but when it comes to pornography, you can't throw a rock without hitting a gay porn star. I know a lot of gay porn stars, and I have an enormous respect for what they do, but I don't think any gay porn star alive thinks that the entire gay community should form their sole opinion of what bodies are by watching Corbin Fisher. That would be like trying to understand what women are by watching the Transformers franchise.
Instead of relying on other people to create your preferences for you, we all need to go out and find out what we like ourselves.
4) The expectations around big penises are too high.
EJ: There are many people who believe that having sex with a dude with a really, really, really big penis is far preferable to having sex with a dude with a really, really, really small penis—or micropenis (pronounced mike-rah-pen-is, as in “acropolis”). I strongly disagree with this. In my experience, having sex with someone with a small penis is kind of like taking the SATs with a quantitative reasoning deficiency. It's not ideal, and overall you probably won't do stellar, but you can certainly compensate by your performance on other sections.
This is not the case for men with POUSes (Penises of Unusual Sizes). While they, too, can certainly hold their own on the written and verbal sections, the problem is that, through no fault of their own, the bar is already set so high for them that it's impossible to live up to your expectations. Their gifts in other areas, however prodigious they might be, are limited by the prodigiousness of their members.
I like to compare seeing your first POUS to seeing a David Lynch movie (for our purposes, let's go with Mulholland Drive) for the first time. “Oh, OK, so this is what everyone's gets so excited about,” you find yourself thinking. “This is what everyone's talking about and quoting from when they drink too much whiskey and printing ironic t-shirts about. OK, well, let's see if it lives up to the hype.”
Let me tell you something. It doesn't. Much like seeing Mulholland Drive for the first time, having sex with someone with an enormous penis is an immensely disorienting experience. You don't know what the hell is going on, and you're kinda turned on and kinda repulsed at the same time, and all you want to do is get up and take a drink of water and collect your bearings for a minute. In the end, you're just so overwhelmed by confusion that you shut the DVD off during the “Llorando” scene, scream “This sucks,” and go back to watching 30 Rock reruns for a while.
This is the tragedy of having sex with someone with an enormous penis: Your expectations are so high that it's impossible for the penis to live up to them, and that's assuming you guys even make it to the sex act at all. You see that girl on the train with her mascara running down her cheeks? That's not a drunk chick crying over a breakup; that's a girl who just lost the opportunity to have sex with a guy with an enormous penis. If you're a halfway decent person, you should go over there with a tissue immediately and tell her how very sorry you are for her loss.
Read more:
5) Sex isn't just about penetration.
Nico: If you've ever perused the Kama Sutra, you know that the missionary position is just one of an endless number of positions available to you to explore, and penetrative sex is the same way. Only 25 percent of women are able to regularly experience orgasms through vaginal, meaning that it doesn't matter how big her partner's penis is. It's not going to get her there without a little help from its friends, the vast array of options that are available outside of copulation, in order to provide the direct clitoral stimulation that sex often does not.
Even for gay men, copulation shouldn't be the only offering at the buffet. The entire BDSM and leather movements are predicated on the idea that sexual intercourse along is just a fraction of everything that goes into attraction and arousal, and for many people, oral sex is more pleasurable than anal interaction. Many gay men report that they dislike penetrative sex, and according to research from the Journal of Sexual Medicine, only “36 percent of men reporting receiving anal sex and 34 percent of men reporting giving it.” According to Good's Amanda Hess, this study showed that anal sex was actually among the least common sexual behaviors that queer men engaged in, below masturbation, mutual masturbation, and genital-genital contact.
To put this into perspective, around half of women report engaging in anal sex, meaning that more heterosexual couples are having anal sex than same-sex couples are. Like everything in the bedroom, these preferences are highly variable and in no way universal. In bed, one size simply never fits all.
6) Big penises can be painful.
EJ: When men discuss the merits of having a big penis, something that often gets overlooked is how excruciatingly painful it is for most women to have sex with a guy who has one. No matter how much of an ego trip it must be for a dude to be packing a Louisville Slugger instead of a Fisher Price toy, the sad truth is that it's actually quite difficult for well-endowed men to find partners who are able to handle their equipment, because ladies, I don't care if you're the Virgin Mary or if you've had sex with the entire 1975 lineup of the New Jersey Nets: If you are not regularly having sex with a man with a big penis, it will hurt. A lot.
I would like, if I may, to share with you a personal anecdote of sorts. When I encountered my first POUS, I had been sexually active for eight years, give or take. Given the amount of time I had invested in my training, I had assumed I had already worked my way up to the Olympics, and was ready to compete with the top athletes in my field. Nearly eight hours of extensive foreplay and an embarrassing train ride on the C later, I discovered that I had not. We hadn't even been able to have sex. I was a second-string player on a farm team, and an incredibly exhausted one at that.
Although I still look upon that day with some degree of shame and regret—everyone has their 1986 World Series moment, I suppose—I actually learned a very important lesson that day. When it comes to sexual performance, training is key. If you haven't previously encountered a POUS, and you haven't put in the time and effort to work up to that specific level, one of two things will happen: 1) Either you'll be in excruciating pain the whole time, and you'll feel like you're giving birth in reverse or 2) You won't be able to have sex at all, and all the lube and foreplay in the world won't be able to wash away the shame and disappointment of not being able to take your first enormous dick.
7) Being a “size queen” leaves too many men out.
Nico: If you're the type of person who will only have sex with guys who at are at least seven inches long (I have some friends insist upon nine), you are severely depleting your dating pool. Studies show that the average erect penis is between 5.1 and 5.9 inches long, but the actual range in terms of penis size is all over the place. An sculpture at Iceland's Penis Museum shows the incredible diversity of male phalluses, not just in terms of size but also girth. It's an eye-opening and powerful example of why society's big penis fetish simply doesn't measure up; having just one preference doesn't just set your partners up to fail. It sets you up to fail.
Arguably, that small penis phobia is even more toxic in the bedroom than the actual phallus itself. Men who don't have a porn-ready seven or eight inches might be dealing with a great deal of internalized shame about their privates, accrued from years of rejection by their partners or silent feelings of worthlessness. Although many studies have shown that those feelings are “all in guys heads,” as even well-endowed men deal with feelings of penis shame, that sense of dysmorphia can lead to eating disorders, depression, and anxiety. Considering the fact that around 45 percent of men report that they're unhappy with the size of their equipment, this is a major problem.
How can we address such a widespread phenomenon? You can begin by simply shifting your own preferences. Be the change that you want to see in your bedroom.
Photo via JD Hancock/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
Is Gov. Mark Dayton the only difference between Minnesota and Wisconsin when it comes to anti-union bills becoming the law of the land?
Coming weeks will tell the tale, but House and Senate Republicans are marching toward the passage of bills that would, if signed into law, make sweeping changes to the state's balance of power between workers and employers and strip fundamental collective bargaining rights from state employees.
As in Wisconsin, many of the bills target the state's public employees, putting into effect mandates on pay, pensions, health insurance, strikes and other contract areas typically handled through the collective bargaining process.
Republicans say they are necessary reforms to get state government refocused and living within its means in a time of massive budget shortfalls.
“The overwhelming priority is to make sure we're funding our priorities and not the bureaucracy, and make sure we're serving people and not state government programs,” said Rep. Keith Downey, R-Edina, an author of many bills affecting state government employees.
State employees and the unions that represent them strongly disagree, saying the moves are part of a concerted campaign against public workers.
Up close and personal Single employee: Mike Lindholdt has been a snow plow driver for the Minnesota Department of Transportation for the last eight years. The Edina-based AFSCME Council 5 member makes between $40,00 and $45,000 a year and is single. He currently does not pay a health care premium, and he and the state currently contribute 5 percent each toward his pension plan. Requiring single employees such as Lindholdt to enroll in the HSAs would cost them roughly $2,800 annually. AFSCME estimates that Republican-sponsored bills at the Legislature affecting public employees' pensions, health care and salary changes would amount to more than a $5,500 annual pay cut for Lindholdt and other single employees like him. Worker with family: The average AFSCME member with a family would see a pay cut of almost $9,500 every year, according to their estimates. The average salary for a tenured member of the Inter Faculty Organization is nearly $70,000, said Russ Stanton, the faculty union's director of government affairs. Starting salaries average $43,000 a year, he said. Todd Frauenholtz, a professor of mathematics at Bemidji State University, has a son who was diagnosed in 2009 with leukemia. His son's medical treatment cost in excess of $7,000 that year, of which Frauenholtz paid $1,900 in out-of-pocket costs, and the rest was paid through his insurance. Between the increased out-of-pocket costs and premium costs, Frauenholtz would have paid roughly $6,500 more in health care costs, had he been under the Health Savings Account Republican lawmakers are attempting to require state workers to use instead of their current plans, Stanton said Public employees value benefits such as health insurance and pensions more than salaries and have voluntarily agreed to go without salary increases in recent years to protect those benefits, Stanton said.
“This is, simply put, an attack on public workers to divert attention from the Republican plan to make sure that the richest Minnesotans don't pay their fair share of taxes,” said Eliot Seide, AFSCME Council 5 executive director. “It's outrageous, it's unnecessary and it needs to stop immediately.”
Take a look at HF 577, the House of Representatives' proposed state government finance bill from Rep. Morrie Lanning, R-Moorhead.
The bill would mandate cutting the state's workforce by 15 percent, eliminating 2,000 jobs within four years. It also puts in place a two-year hiring freeze and salary freeze for all remaining state employees.
“This bill has the potential, through changing things and reforming them, to save the state hundreds of millions of dollars from the state budget, and that is very significant,” Lanning said. “This bill does not reduce salaries for employees, this bill does not increase employee contributions to pensions, this bill does not eliminate collective bargaining.”
But many other bills under consideration would do those things and more. A quick run-down of some ideas Republicans are considering this year includes proposals that would:
● Close down the state's defined-benefit pension plan to new enrolees (HF 542).
● Prohibit public agencies from contributing to employee 401k plans (HF 594).
● Impose a two-year wage freeze on all public school employees and outlaw economic strikes (SF 56, HF 381).
● Forbid public employers from deducting union dues from members' paychecks (SF 623).
● Cut prevailing wage rates for public construction projects (HF 513).
● Eliminate equal pay for women requirements for local government (HF 7, SF 282).
● Put a “right-to-work” constitutional amendment on the ballot (HF 65, HF 192).
● Require state employees to contribute more to their pension plans (SF 813).
● Cut state employees' salaries by 6 percent across the board (SF 812).
● Require state employees to switch their health insurance to Health Savings Accounts and remove the state's premium contribution (SF 805).
“It kind of makes a mockery of our collective bargaining process,” testified Russ Stanton, director of government relations for the Inter Faculty Organization, a union representing higher education faculty. “What this does are prevent us from working collaboratively.”
Dayton's budget plan would also cut the state's workforce by six percent, or roughly 800 people, but he has said he opposes wage freezes for labor units that have already agreed to contract.
“I've never seen an onslaught, and I've never seen an assault against good Minnesotans as I've seen in this legislative process so far,” Dayton told Education Minnesota members at their convention in early March. “The basic right of collective bargaining will not be taken away (while) I'm governor of Minnesota.”
Unlike Wisconsin, Minnesota public employees contribute to their pension plans, 5-6 percent annually with a similar match from public tax dollars. The rest comes from investment income.
“We're going beyond reform and we're demonizing state workers,” said Sen. Sandra Pappas, DFL-St. Paul. “I don't like the attitude that these are superfluous people that we can cut willy-nilly.”
Wisconsin's plan to double state workers' health care contributions to 12 percent is still less than what Minnesota state employees pay into their accounts.
And a recent study of Minnesota workers' compensation determined that public employees earn an average of 8 percent less in total compensation than similar workers in the private sector. State government employees were worse off, earning more than 13 percent less than the private sector.
The sweeping legislation has big support from free-market think tanks and corporate-backed institutes such as the Center for the American Experiment, the Minnesota Free Market Institute, the Taxpayers League of Minnesota, the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce and the Minnesota Business Partnership.
Minnesota workers tried again to send the message “We are One” to state lawmakers during a rally on April 4 at the Capitol in St. Paul and also in Duluth, joining faith communities, civil rights groups, students, immigrant organizations and others on the anniversary of the assassination of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Questions: What do you think? We want to hear your thoughts, whether you're a neighbor, community organizer, local business owner, or elected official. We will report conversations in the Daily Planet for the general public and policymakers. Post your comments below, or join one of our community conversations Come meet neighbors, get inspired, make decisions, and exchange ideas. Join us for a community conversation on Minnesota's budget and the New Normal.
April 14, 5:45 p.m. to 7:45 p.m.
East Lake Library
2727 E. Lake St., Minneapolis
April 21, 5:45 p.m. to 7:45 p.m.
East Lake Library
2727 E. Lake St., Minneapolis
April 26, 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.
Amherst H. Wilder Foundation
Room 2520
451 Lexington Parkway N., Saint Paul
More than a century has passed since the public open house was held for the Salt Lake Temple, but an exhibit featuring a 1:32 scaled replica of the Mormon temple opened today that offers an open house experience of the magnificent building. Earlier this morning, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints unveiled the 88-inch tall, near-identical replica of the temple in the South Visitors' Center on Temple Square. The permanent exhibit will be open to the public starting at 1:30 p.m. today.
“This replica will show the millions of visitors who come to Temple Square the beauty and majesty of this sacred and historic building,” said Elder Richard G. Hinckley, executive director of the Missionary Department. “Like all temples, once the building is dedicated it is used for sacred Church purposes and not open to the general public, but this exhibit will provide the public with a glimpse of the interior and a feeling of the Spirit that is present there.”
The Salt Lake Temple is a landmark known throughout the world. When it was last open to the public in April of 1893, the local press reported that approximately 5,000 people, most of whom were not members of the Church, toured the temple before the dedication. The reports went on to say that “altogether the richness and elegant workmanship of the temple was a revelation of wonder to the visitors.”
A scaled model of the Salt Lake Temple sits in the South Visitors' Center on Temple Square. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.1 / 10 Model of the Salt Lake Temple in the South Visitors' Center on Temple Square. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.2 / 10 Cutaways of the Salt Lake Temple model showing various rooms. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.3 / 10 Spires of the model of the Salt Lake Temple showing the counterbalance. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.4 / 10 Salt Lake Temple model exterior. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.5 / 10 East view of model of the Salt Lake Temple. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.6 / 10 Salt Lake Temple model celestial room. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.7 / 10 Salt Lake Temple model hallways. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved8 / 10 Salt Lake Temple model east side. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.9 / 10 Assembly room in the Salt Lake Temple model. © 2010 Intellectual Reserve, Inc. All rights reserved.10 / 10
Extensive open houses have been held prior to the dedication of newly constructed temples throughout the world and allow visitors to walk through and experience the sacred structures. Once dedicated, temples are in continual, even daily, use by members of the Church for religious purposes. While public open houses for new temples regularly draw tens and even hundreds of thousands of people, millions will likely see this model of the Salt Lake Temple over its lifetime.
“Many people think our temples are like great halls or cathedrals. Actually, they have a number of rooms designed for certain functions such as marriages, baptisms and instructional sessions,” said Elder William R. Walker, executive director of the Church's Temple Department.
The model of the Salt Lake Temple sits in front of a giant window in the South Visitors' Center facing the actual building that it replicates. The south and east walls of the replica have been cut away to show depictions of many of the rooms in the temple, including the large assembly hall and rooms where the First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles meet. The baptistery and other ordinance rooms are also depicted. Close attention is paid to detail, and even paintings, furniture and working chandeliers and lamps imitate those found in the actual temple.
Peter McCann Architectural Models of Toronto was commissioned to create the replica last August. Sixteen modelers with different expertise in various parts of the duplication process worked on the project for five months. (Click here for fact sheet, photos and audio sound bites about the creation process).
“Some of the detail is so fine that we had to find people that were capable of doing it at that scale,” said Josh Coulas, manager of the project for Peter McCann Architectural Models.
In addition to the scaled model, the new display in the South Visitors' Center features new kiosks that show high-definition photos and video of the Salt Lake Temple interior rooms. A narrator gives an explanation of the purpose of the rooms and a diagram shows where they are located on the model. The presentation is very similar to what a person would experience during the public open house of a temple.
“This new display will give people another reason to visit Temple Square for the first time or for the hundredth time,” said Elder Hinckley. “Because of its history and spiritual significance, this temple is beloved by millions and recognized as an icon of Mormonism throughout the world.”
Brigham Young designated the location for the Salt Lake Temple just days after the first group of pioneers came into the Salt Lake Valley. Construction began on the building in 1853 and was completed in 1893.
More than just a structure with a beautiful and functional design, the temple was central to the faith of the pioneers who settled the Salt Lake Valley. Latter-day Saint temples are considered houses of God, a place of holiness and peace separate from the preoccupations of the world. They provide a place where Church members make formal promises and commitments to God. They are also the place where the highest sacraments of the faith occur — the marriage of couples and the “sealing” of families for eternity.
Anyone, regardless of religion, may enter a Latter-day Saint meetinghouse and attend services. However, because of the sacredness of temples as “houses of the Lord,” only members of the Church who are in good standing are allowed to enter the temples. A member must be observing the basic principles of the faith and attest to that fact to his or her local leaders once every two years in order to enter a temple.
The Salt Lake Temple was the sixth temple built by the Church. Today there are 132 operating temples throughout the world.
Signe Toly Anderson, original Jefferson Airplane singer, dies
The original lineup of Jefferson Airplane, featuring singer Signe Toly Anderson. The original lineup of Jefferson Airplane, featuring singer Signe Toly Anderson. Photo: Sony/Legacy Photo: Sony/Legacy Image 1 of / 44 Caption Close Signe Toly Anderson, original Jefferson Airplane singer, dies 1 / 44 Back to Gallery
Signe Toly Anderson, the original female lead singer of the Jefferson Airplane, died at her home in Beaverton, Ore., on Thursday — the day the band's co-founder Paul Kantner died from multiple organ failure and septic shock in San Francisco. She was 74.
Her death was confirmed by her daughter, Onateska Ladybug Sherwood, who said Ms. Anderson had been suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
“I imagine that she and Paul woke up in heaven and said, ‘Hey what are you doing here? Let's start a band,'” Marty Balin, one of the Jefferson Airplane's co-founders, said in a statement.
A vocalist who had developed her chops singing folk music in Portland, Ore., Ms. Anderson moved to San Francisco and joined the band shortly after it formed in 1965, providing vocals for its debut album, “Jefferson Airplane Takes Off,” most notably on the tracks “Chauffeur Blues” and “Let's Get Together,” a song that would later become a hit for the Youngbloods.
By the summer of 1966, however, she married Merry Prankster Jerry Anderson and became pregnant with her first child. Deciding that touring life would be too difficult with a newborn, Ms. Anderson decided to leave.
She parted ways with the Jefferson Airplane after back-to-back performances on Oct. 15, 1966, at the Fillmore in San Francisco. A recording from those concerts was released in 2010.
“I want you all to wear smiles and daisies and box balloons,” Ms. Anderson said, bidding her fans farewell. “I love you all. Thank you and goodbye.”
She was replaced the following night by Grace Slick, who helped pilot the Jefferson Airplane to mainstream success with its next album, “Surrealistic Pillow,” which shifted to a harder, psychedelic sound.
Ms. Anderson “was a real sweetheart with a terrific contralto voice coming from a solid folk background,” Jack Casady, the group's bassist, said in a message posted to Facebook. “Listen to how she made the three part harmonies of ‘JA Takes Off' (first album) sound so thick … her wonderful tone between Paul's and Marty's.”
Signe Toly was born Sept. 15, 1941, in Seattle. She was raised in Portland, where she got her musical education performing with jazz and folk combos.
Ms. Anderson moved back to Portland after leaving the Jefferson Airplane, working in a department store and singing occasionally with the big band Carl Smith and the Natural Gas Company.
She would also sit in with touring incarnations of Jefferson Starship and Airplane-related spinoff groups Hot Tuna and the KBC Band.
She divorced Anderson in 1975 and two years later married the local building contractor Michael Alois Ettlin, who died at age 62 in 2011.
Ms. Anderson had suffered from a series of health problems since the mid-1970s, including a bout with cancer.
Jorma Kaukonen, the Jefferson Airplane's lead guitarist, said in a statement, “Signe was one of the strongest people I have ever met. She was our den mother in the early days of the Airplane … a voice of reason on more occasions than one … an important member of our dysfunctional little family.”
Aidin Vaziri is the San Francisco Chronicle's pop music critic. E-mail: avaziri@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @MusicSF
A woman was pulled over by police in Logan after she was caught driving with a children's swing set lodged on her vehicle at the weekend.
Police were called to the intersection of Victoria Street and Station Road at Woodridge early on Saturday morning after locals had stopped a female driver who had a children's swing caught on the vehicle's roof.
A woman was pulled over by police after they found her driving around with a swing set attached to her vehicle. Credit:QUEENSLAND POLICE MEDIA
Residents told police she had allegedly lost control of her vehicle and drove it into the backyard of a house and straight through the swing set.
The woman, 38, had a breath test and was found to be almost four times over the legal limit, police said.
She was charged with driving whilst under the influence of liquor and would appear in Beenleigh Magistrates Court on December 6.
Stay informed. Like Brisbane Times on Facebook
Startups worry that Rand Paul will crush net neutrality rules
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul visits with supporters during an event in Grand Rapids, Mich., this week. He will be in San Francisco on Saturday for a tech gathering and to open a campaign office. Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul visits with supporters during an event in Grand Rapids, Mich., this week. He will be in San Francisco on Saturday for a tech gathering and to open a campaign office. Photo: Emily Rose Bennett / Associated Press Photo: Emily Rose Bennett / Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Startups worry that Rand Paul will crush net neutrality rules 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Rand Paul has been trying to position himself as Silicon Valley's best protector in the field of 2016 Republican White House hopefuls. But as the libertarian-leaning Kentucky senator heads to San Francisco Saturday to headline a tech gathering, some entrepreneurs and investors are scratching their heads over where he stands on one of the tech world's core beliefs: That the Internet should be equally accessible to companies of all sizes.
Last week, Paul introduced a resolution urging the Senate to repeal the Federal Communications Commission's recent reclassification of broadband as a utility under Title II of the Telecommunications Act, giving the commission authority to referee the Internet's open playing field.
The FCC's new rules codify the principle of net neutrality — a wonky concept that became an urgent economic and political issue last year when a federal appeals court struck down FCC rules barring service providers from discriminating against individual websites. Soon after, Netflix accused Internet service providers of slowing access to its streaming video service, leading the Los Gatos company to cut deals to guarantee that its movies and TV shows would reach viewers quickly.
Fearing pay-for-speed deals would become the norm, tech firms large and small urged regulators to take action.
But Paul said the new rules that forbid Internet service providers, including Comcast, Verizon and AT&T, from charging for access to an online fast lane would “do nothing more than wrap the Internet in red tape.”
“The Internet has successfully flourished without the heavy hand of government interference,” Paul said. “Stated simply, I do not want to see the government regulating the Internet.”
Paul's move confused entrepreneurs like Kieran Farr, the founder of Vidcaster, a 5-year-old San Francisco video service startup. If a service provider charged his company for faster online service, he said, “We would have to increase our fees to our customers,” unlike a larger company that might be able to absorb the cost of paying for its content to travel faster online.
Farr said the Senate resolution sounded strange coming from Paul “because the general libertarian stance is attractive to a lot of business owners here.”
“But it seems like he's doing this weird acrobatic move to try to court the Republican Party. But that alienates tech,” he said.
Brad Burnham, managing partner at venture capital firm Union Square Ventures, was also confused. Burnham, whose firm was an early investor in Twitter, Tumblr and Etsy, said that because many tech entrepreneurs and investors want government to stay out of their business, Paul's “general message about small government and open markets is pretty well received. But this particular example about net neutrality — I really don't know what he's thinking here.”
“The frustrating thing is that Rand Paul seems to be using the same language as the telecommunications companies when he's talking about 'wrapping red tape around the Internet,'” Burnham said. “But the FCC isn't going to be regulating the Internet. It's going to be preserving it the way it is.”
Politically, in Silicon Valley that puts Paul “on the wrong side of the street on this issue,” said Corynne McSherry, legal director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. “He is staking out a position that is very different from what many in the tech community think that we need from government.”
Paul will be in San Francisco to headline a forum titled “Disrupting Democracy,” co-sponsored by Lincoln Labs, a libertarian-leaning tech leadership group, and Brigade, a nonpartisan tech firm focused on civic engagement and funded by billionaire former Facebook President Sean Parker. While in the city, Paul will officially open a campaign office in Startup House, a shared incubator work space in he South of Market neighborhood.
It is outreach like that makes Paul's message appealing to many in the tech community. Paul has regularly visited Bay Area tech firms since being elected to the Senate, and has made tapping into the region's deep pockets for campaign contributions a priority for his presidential campaign.
Landing votes in Silicon Valley will be a challenge for any Republican. In 2012, President Obama won by a margin of 42 percent in Santa Clara County.
Lincoln Labs co-founder Garrett Johnson defended Paul's position on net neutrality as more nuanced politically than it might appear.
“Sen. Paul is calling on Congress to do its job,” Johnson said. “The failure of Congress to act should not provide an opportunity for the FCC to essentially force a round peg into a square hole.”
Others say that the valley doesn't share the same opinion this issue. While larger technology and telecommunications firms may support the concept of net neutrality, many agree with Paul that they don't want broadband to be regulated like a utility, said Gary Shapiro, president and CEO of the Consumer Electronics Association, a trade association which represents more than 2,000 consumer electronics companies, including some large telecoms.
Shapiro doesn't think that Paul's stance on net neutrality will kill his chances of snagging votes in the valley.
“There's a view in Silicon Valley that 'We can solve anything.' That's what Rand Paul brings. He speaks the language of Silicon Valley,” said Shapiro, who does not support any 2016 presidential candidate.
“But he's got to be honest with the tech world,” Shapiro said. “He's got to go in there and say, 'I'm not going to agree with you on everything.'”
Joe Garofoli is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joegarofoli
While buyout talks continue, it currently looks like the number of editors who will be given pink slips at the New York Times will be around 60, sources tell Media Ink.
The seven two-person teams of editors breaking the news to those who are staying and to those who are going are being referred to in the newsroom as “death panels,” insiders said.
As part of a streamlining process unveiled by Executive Editor Dean Baquet and Managing Editor Joe Kahn, the title of copy editor and backfield editor is being eliminated.
The Times has not disclosed how many jobs that involves — but the News Guild of New York puts that number at around 110 people.
Roughly 65 new editors who will supervise video and copy will be hired — up from an earlier estimate of only 50 new jobs.
Copy editors can apply, but there is no guarantee they will be offered new jobs.
News Guild of New York president Grant Glickson, who has blasted the cutbacks, is holding a meeting at 3 p.m. Wednesday with union members at the Times.
Many copy editors who were called into second interviews last week expecting that they were “call back” interviews leading to a new job were instead encouraged to take a buyout package.
see also New York Times employees stage walkout over staff cuts About 450 workers at the New York Times staged a...
Insiders have until July 20 to decide to take the buyout.
“Some of the people being let go are top-notch editors who have given decades of their lives to the Times,” said one insider. “And obviously, they're devastated. But the morale of the people who are staying isn't much better.”
“It's not just that they're sad to see talented colleagues laid off, they also have zero confidence in management and in the latest reorganization of the newsroom,” the insider said.
The Times' downsizing is the second reorganization to hit the editorial ranks in less than a year.
“If that doesn't amount to an obvious management debacle, I don't know what does,” said our source.
You have too many housewives! Brussels sends memo to Germany, Austria and Holland ordering women to get jobs
The EU wants Europe's biggest economy to avoid looming labour shortages in future by dismantling barriers to women entering the workforce.
'Germany must better integrate women into the labour market," said the EU Commission, in a report on the German economy.
'Germany, but also Austria and the Netherlands, should look at the example of the northern countries,” said President José Manuel Barroso, in a reference to Scandinavia.
Back to work: Germany are encouraging mothers to head back to the office (posed picture)
'That means removing obstacles for women, older workers, foreigners and low-skilled job-seekers to get into the workforce. Excessive early retirement regulations need to be abolished.'
The Commission recommends that Germany take steps such as creating more child care places and reducing income tax for dual earners.
Taxing couples separately instead of as a pair could encourage more part-time, second-income earners to take up full-time work.
Operation Mama: Ministries prepared w white paper for German Chancellor Angela Merkel stressing the need for engineers and nurses
Just 2.2 percent of leadership positions at Germany's top 100 companies are held by women, according to a survey by the German Institute for Economic Research. But the conservative led coalition government of Chancellor Angela Merkel baulked earlier this year at legislation to even things up.
The EU's concerns about Germany come even though the country has embarked on a back-to-works scheme for women that the media has dubbed 'Operation Mama.'
To sustain both the economy and Germany's lavish welfare state, an action plan to call in mothers who have not worked before is on the table - along with plans to subsidise IVF treatment for childless couples.
Engineering, nursing, IT specialists, care-workers and semi-skilled workers are among those most needed according to a white paper prepared for Chancellor Merkel by eight ministries last month.
By turning inwards for help from its own population, Germany is effectively sending a signal to workers from eastern EU countries - allowed to work in Germany since 1 May this year after a German restrictions were lifted - that it would rather give jobs to Germans.
The paper states: 'Women and older workers represent a significant potential which could be quickly mobilised.
'An estimated 1.2 million professionals could be tempted back to the workplace if the options to combine child care and work were improved.'
'Operation Mama,' as it has become known, is aimed first at close to 500,000 mothers with children aged between six and 16. Studies show they are eager to become workers if some practical child-care programme were in place.
'These mothers are, for the most part, highly educated and motivated,' says the 27-page report.
Germany is also focusing on the elderly. BMW recently opened a factory in Bavaria tailored to the older employee, with special non-slip floors, better lighting, tools designed for hands that have lost their strength and so on. The raising of the statutory retirement age from 65 to 67 will boost the numbers of workers by a million by 2025. Only 56 per cent of over-55s currently work, and the goal is to increase that to 70 per cent.
In tandem with both schemes is a plan to reduce the number of students who drop out of their course, currently running at 7 per cent. The goal is to halve it, thus adding 300,000-plus professional-level workers to the job market.
Sums in the hundreds of millions of euros are being talked about in terms of subsidies for working mums to get them into the workplace.
'If companies need employees to work longer, they must do more to retain them and keep them productive on the job,' said Michael Stolpe from the Kiel Institute for World Economy.
The club's home opener will be on Thursday, April 5 at 3:05 p.m. when the Phillies take on the Miami Marlins at Citizens Bank Park.
The Phillies will open the 2018 season in Atlanta on Thursday, March 29.
The Phillies will open the 2018 season in Atlanta on Thursday, March 29.
The club's home opener will be on Thursday, April 5 at 3:05 p.m. when the Phillies take on the Miami Marlins at Citizens Bank Park.
The Cincinnati Reds head to town April 9-11 to complete the first homestand of the season.
The Phillies will host the Toronto Blue Jays (May 25-27), New York Yankees (June 25-27), Baltimore Orioles (July 3-4) and Boston Red Sox (August 14-15) as part of 2018 interleague play.
The final homestand of the regular season will bring the Braves back to Philadelphia from September 28-30.
"The 2018 season has some great interleague play at Citizens Bank Park," said John Weber, Phillies Senior Vice President of Ticket Operations and Projects. "In addition to the Boston Red Sox, Baltimore Orioles and Toronto Blue Jays, the New York Yankees will be making their first regular season visit to Philadelphia since 2006."
More Schedule Notes
Interleague play also takes the Phillies on the road to play the Tampa Bay Rays, Baltimore Orioles, Boston Red Sox and Toronto Blue Jays.
The 2018 promotions schedule will be available at a later date with exciting giveaways, events and alumni celebrations for fans of all ages.
The annual Phillies Phestival is scheduled for Thursday, June 21.
The schedule is subject to change.
Ticket On-Sale Dates
Three-game pack tickets will go on sale in late November.
Group tickets will go on sale in mid-December.
Individual tickets will go on sale in February.
For the 2018 Phillies schedule as well as the most up-to-date Phillies information, including specific ticket on-sale dates, schedule updates, game times, promotions and television listings, go to phillies.com.
How did he get up there? The cat who got stuck up a cactus
He's found himself in a rather prickly situation - but at least he didn't get eaten.
This terrified bobcat was spotted teetering on top of a 50ft cactus after running for its life from a hungry lion.
He stayed there for SIX hours, just to make sure the lion had gone, and incredibly escaped without a scratch.
Prickly situation: Bobcat is 50ft up the Giant Saguaro Cactus in Arizona
The mountain lion that was stalking him however just circled the base, stared upwards and growled for a few minutes before giving up and walking off.
The drama unfolded on the Giant Saguaro Cactus i n Arizona's Sonoran Desert .
It is an enormous plant with two-inch spikes and is thought to be up to 300-years-old.
Photographer Curt Fonger, 69, captured what happened on film.
He said: 'A friend called me at 7am saying one of his workers had seen a bobcat being chased by a mountain lion.
Incredible escape: The bobcat stayed perched on top of this cactus for several hours
'It ran across the road in front of his car and climbed up a large saguaro cactus at the roadside, with the lion hot on its tail.
'The lion didn't pursue the bobcat up the cactus but circled the base.
'It looked up at the bobcat, growled several times, then turned around and trotted back up from where it had come.
'The mountain lion probably had cubs, the bobcat had intruded on its territory and she gave chase to warn the bobcat not to come close to her young family.
'I was astonished that the bobcat was on such a high prickly perch.
'In fact, the beautiful creature seemed quite content and was lying on top of the cactus. It only stood up when I got it's attention.
Help! The cat clings on desperately and does not appear to have any clue how to get down
'I thought it would come down when we left.
'But I found out later that the bobcat stayed put for over six hours before finally deciding it was safe enough to come back down.
'When he came down he looked around and then trotted back towards the Superstition Mountains.'
Curt, from Gold Canyon, Arizona, added: 'Although it may be common for a bobcat to escape one of it's major predators, it is very uncommon to have witnessed such an event first hand.
'I personally examined the base of the giant cactus after the bobcat had left.
'There was no hair or blood - only claw marks.
'Its a successful story of a bobcat avoided being eaten by a mountain lion with a happy ending of it's successful exit back into the desert.'
The giant cactus is extremely rare. Just one in 1,000 seeds germinate and it then takes up to ten years to grow one inch.
Its first arm develops between the ages of 75 and 100 years old or about the time they reach 15ft.
Unharmed: Despite clambering to the top of a spiky cactus this bobcat didn't even get a scratch
news, local-news, international women's day, iwd, university of newcastle, engineers
AS a female student, Zoe Scott is “not a typical” mechanical engineer. “It's not uncommon for me to be the only girl in my class of 50 people,” said Ms Scott, president of Newcastle University Women in Engineering group. “Women in engineering often find themselves being labelled a female engineer rather than an engineer. Gender equality, to me, means being treated like an engineer in my own right, not denying me my gender identity, but not letting it define me.” Ms Scott will participate on Wednesday – International Women's Day – in a University of Newcastle discussion about how why and how universities should lead the charge in busting gender myths. Students and staff including Vice-Chancellor Professor Caroline McMillen and the School of Education's Professor Philip Morgan will lead the event.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/cab3awiUhmM7JiamdaiM3H/a76e451f-432f-4b40-ae7f-b1ee17a69d6a.jpg/r0_226_6000_3616_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
One of the reasons why so many people find dating daunting is because dates are treated like a gamble where we've extended a level of trust and are waiting to see how much return we get back. The more dates we feel that we've ‘lost' too much to, is the twitchier we get about dating, prompting anxiety due to falling for the sunk cost fallacy–believing that we're supposed to at least ‘get back' what we put in and as a result, trying to recoup costs that are in actuality, the cost of getting involved and are already ‘done'.
What's driving much of the anxiety along with a sense of being almost being ‘duped' if a date or few doesn't progress, is this underlying belief that if someone isn't relationship material, that this is something that we believe that we should know almost immediately but also that a date should show their hand immediately.
There can be signs that a person isn't relationship material or that they don't share core values (demonstrated through action), or that we quite simply aren't into them, from pretty soon into the proceedings, but it takes time and experience regardless of any impressions, stated intentions, or feelings felt, to know whether someone truly is loving relationship material or the person for us.
We might get a sense of it, but people and relationships unfold and so rather than making a snap judgement and rigidly sticking to it regardless of what happens next, we have to be open to getting to know and understand people, with the caveat being that some won't even make it past a date or few, regardless of how good a time we think we've had with them.
It won't be one thing that makes someone ‘it'; it will be a series of things. Even if we see what we think is an indicator of potential early on, as the relationship unfolds, we won't have to carry on as if it was a UFO sighting that we're now trying to get them to verify by attempting to make them demonstrate the behaviour or intentions that we haven't seen again.
If our impression was on point, it will be converted into a fact due to it being consistently demonstrated over time.
Believing that we ‘should' know immediately is a trap because ultimately, we're living by a [faux] rule that has no basis.
It's unrealistic to expect us to have world class detective skills, able to tell at a glance or certainly within the time it takes to have a drink and maybe a meal, whether somebody is Mr or Miss Right. It's not a skill that we need to develop because there is no getting around the fact that we need to be vulnerable and show up if we want to get to know others and to be known.
We're only putting the pressure on us to play Columbo because we're on some level scared of getting things wrong and intimacy.
It's also unfair to get mad at ourselves and others because they didn't turn around and tell us from the outset, ‘Baby, I'm gonna give you X amount of dates and we're going to have a good time and then you're not gonna hear from me again / it's gonna fizzle out / I'm gonna go back to my ex / I'm going to turn into an assclown'. Not gonna happen.
Having a good time on a date isn't an automatic precursor to more dates nor does it mean that we're in it for the same reasons or that we can pat ourselves on the back, safe in the knowledge that if any problems were going to show themselves, that it would have by now.
Going on the first or a few dates looking for red flags or what I call code amber and red alerts and not getting any, doesn't mean that there won't be in future. It doesn't mean that there will but what it does mean is that unless you have a pattern of crossing your own boundaries and entering into questionable situations from the outset where you ignore feedback that you're getting from your own body, mind, and emotions or from that person's actions (or lack of them), you need to chill out and let your sense of self including your boundaries, do the work.
It's unrealistic to expect fast confirmation of there being no red flags or to expect that what we've seen so far should be a permanent statement of the future.
People and relationships unfold.
If you are fairly certain about who you are, are not investing your entire self-esteem into every date in a do-or-die fashion, and you're someone who is willing to recognise that dating is more about filtering out while having fun along the way than it is about trying to make a relationship fly with every person who expresses interest or who you feel attraction to, you will take your time in getting invested.
You will still undoutedly feel a level of disappointment if someone who you felt as if you got on with, never calls again or it fizzles out, but due to your boundaries, you won't have been attached to the outcome nor will you be beating you up for having ‘screwed up', as if you botched the job of a lifetime with an employer.
Trust is a gamble. We have to gamble on ourselves and we also have to gamble on others in order to access benefits and resources that we couldn't on our own. As we don't know someone we go on a date with and we're only getting to know them, it's too much to carry on as if we're taking this massive risk but also as if our whole being is on the line if we ‘get it wrong'. This is what creates anxiety and makes dating so stressful.
If we embrace healthy boundaries for us, we don't need to be hypervigilant because we can relax and enjoy our relationships and experiences, safe in the knowledge that when we experience discomfort, we'll act, and that when how we see things isn't how they turn out to be, we'll adjust and learn from it.
Your thoughts?
Want the lowdown on how to recognise a loving partner? Check out my new book, Love, Care, Trust & Respect.
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
One of the themes that Russian President Vladimir Putin tried out to besmirch the Ukrainian revolt against pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovich earlier this year was that fascists and anti-Semites were behind the uprising. The protesters, he proclaimed, were revolting in both senses of the word: They had chased out an elected president (true) and their actions had allowed “anti-Semitic forces [to go] on a rampage” (not true).
We now have facts on the ground that Putin's conspiracy theory is vicious nonsense. More than 40 percent of the vote in this past weekend's parliamentary elections in Ukraine went to two liberal, pro- European parties, one headed by President Petro Poroshenko, the other by Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk. A third party, the Lviv-based Samopomich (Self-Help) Party, also strongly pro-European, polled more than 10 percent.
Only one party that could be accurately labelled far right, the Radical Party, exceeded the 5 percent threshold necessary to gain parliamentary seats. The most radically right party, Svoboda (Freedom), didn't make the cut. The Opposition Bloc, which had been a major part of the coalition that supported Yanukovich, attracted about 10 percent of the votes.
There are caveats to this picture. Voters in the heavily populated Donbass region in eastern Ukraine didn't go to the polls, and a referendum on the region's self-rule is set for Nov. 2, which could lead it to secede from Ukraine. Sergei Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, said Russia would “of course” recognize the results.
In addition, Ukraine, like many shaky democratic states, doesn't have a settled party structure; political parties are more like support groups for leading politicians than membership organizations with roots in society. The one party with such roots, the Communists, didn't get into parliament – for the first time since the country's independence. So new parties can garner a flashflood of votes, and just as quickly lose them.
Nevertheless, Ukrainians' choice of the European Union over Russia is clear enough. But if the EU can't be more proactive in providing economic and other assistance to their deeply wounded country, that may change.
Ukraine also seems to have put something else behind it – its longstanding reputation as a killing ground for Jews. That centuries-old miasma of slaughter is exactly what Putin called to mind with his conspiracy comments. It is so powerful, because it has been so awful.
The Nazi invasion, from June 1941 on, was an efficiently organized murder spree. At Babi Yar, a ravine on the outskirts of Kiev, more than 33,000 Jews were killed in just two days in September of that year. All told, nearly 1 million Ukrainian Jews were murdered in the Nazi period. But the matter doesn't end there. Thousands of Ukrainians enrolled in the auxiliary police, or Schutzmannschaft Battalions, to assist the Nazis in finding and killing Jews. Some 300 took part in the massacres at Babi Yar.
There is more darkness in Ukrainian history. In the 17th century, the famed Cossack leader Bohdan Khlemnytsky roused the peasants against their Polish landlords and overseers. The Jews, who often worked as estate managers and tax collectors and who were seen as allied with the Poles, were slaughtered by the tens of thousands. Later on, with the formation of the Pale of Settlement in the latter part of the 19th century, which included most of Ukraine, murderous rampages against Jews and the burning of their towns were commonplace. And after the collapse of Russian imperial power in 1917, Symon Petliura, who led a brief and doomed nationalist uprising against both the Reds (the Bolsheviks) and the Whites (the anti-Bolsheviks), was accused of presiding over pogroms.
Jews have left Ukraine in large numbers in two periods: between 1971 and 1985, when the Soviet authorities granted Jews, Germans and Armenians the right to emigrate, and after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. There were an estimated 485,000 Jews in Ukraine in 1990; today around 100,000 live there.
But a report out this week, one based on solid research and including many interviews, paints a picture of Jewish life and institutions in Ukraine far different from the historical one. The authors found 288 Jewish national organizations, 297 Jewish congregations and 100 Jewish charitable organizations and foundations. To be sure, a minority of Jews are regular, active attenders, perhaps only 15 percent of the population. But that number beats attendance in churches and voluntary organizations in most Western societies.
Anti-Semitism remains, the report says. A lavishly endowed university, the Interregional Academy of Personnel Management, created in 1989 and supported by a number of Middle Eastern states, pumped out a steady diet of anti-Zionist and anti-Semitic material. But it was ultimately disowned by Ukraine's political leadership, including Yanukovich. And there was a splurge of anti-Jewish rhetoric on the far right this year and last. But the general trend of anti-Semitism is receding, according to the report, and candidates who used anti-Semitic rhetoric received few votes in the parliamentary elections.
But is the old prejudice only dormant, waiting to be stroked into life once more? It's possible. But the direction the Ukrainians and their most popular political leaders are now taking tells a story against relapse. It's another sign – a large one, given Ukraine's past – that this battered nation may be preparing itself for real independence, real responsibility – willing to confront and shake off the demonic fantasies that so distorted its past.
PHOTO: A local resident listens before receiving a ballot during a parliamentary election inside her house in the village of Havronshchyna near Kiev, October 26, 2014. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
Lurleen Burns Wallace (born Lurleen Brigham Burns; September 19, 1926 – May 7, 1968) was the 46th Governor of Alabama for fifteen months from January 1967 until her death in May 1968. She was the first wife of Alabama Governor George Wallace, whom she succeeded as governor because the Alabama constitution forbade consecutive terms.[1] She was Alabama's first female Governor and was the only female governor to hold the position until Kay Ivey became the second woman to succeed to the office in 2017. She is also (as of 2019) the only female governor in U.S. history to have died in office. In 1973, she was posthumously inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame.[2] Contents
Early years Edit
Lurleen Brigham Burns was born to Henry Burns and the former Estelle Burroughs of Fosters in Tuscaloosa County. She graduated in 1942 from Tuscaloosa County High School at the age of fifteen. She then worked at Kresge's Five and Dime in Tuscaloosa, where she met George Wallace, at the time a member of the United States Army Air Corps. The couple married on May 22, 1943, when she was 16.[3][4][5] Over the next twenty years, Lurleen Wallace focused on being a mother and a homemaker. The Wallaces had four children: Bobbi Jo (1944–2015) Parsons, Peggy Sue (1950) Kennedy, George Wallace, III (1951), and Janie Lee (1961) Dye, who was named after Robert E. Lee. George Wallace's neglect of his family and frequent extramarital affairs resulted in his wife filing for divorce in the late 1950s; she later dropped the suit after he promised to be a better husband.[6][7] By all accounts, the two had a very happy marriage for the rest of her life.[8] Mrs. Wallace assumed her duties as First Lady of Alabama in 1963 after her husband was elected governor to the first of his four nonconsecutive terms. She opened the first floor of the governor's mansion to the public seven days a week. She refused to serve alcoholic beverages at official functions.[9]
1966 gubernatorial campaign Edit
Governorship and illness Edit
Legacies Edit
See also Edit
The Canadian Press
CALGARY -- The Bank of Montreal (TSX:BMO) has reached a settlement in a 2010 lawsuit over an alleged $70-million mortgage scam in Alberta.
The bank had sued more than 100 people -- including lawyers, mortgage brokers and staff -- for allegedly participating in mortgage fraud that cost the bank about $30 million.
BMO claimed that some of the defendants bought houses that cost less than average price in upscale neighbourhoods, then forged papers to make the homes seem to be worth as much as others in the area.
The bank alleged that people known as "straw buyers" were paid a few thousand dollars to put their names on mortgage applications and that forged documents made it look like the buyers had the ability to pay.
The lawsuit claimed that fraudsters took the difference between what they paid for a house and the mortgage they were able to get and sent the money overseas.
The allegations were not proven in court.
There was no comment from the Alberta Lawyers Insurance Association, the insurance fund responsible for paying the settlement on behalf of the lawyers named in the lawsuit.
"If BMO wants to talk about the settlement that they got, that's fine, but it's not our message to tell," said Ally Taylor, manager of communications for the Law Society of Alberta, which runs the insurance fund.
The Bank of Montreal also declined to comment. It said it was bound by a confidentiality agreement.
Micah Blake McCurdy makes this point frequently: NHL teams make lots of decisions. Some of those decisions are bad. Some are good. Some are just fine. Some are horrendous. Some are great. But separate from that discussion is the impact of those decisions. Fans and analysts get mired in arguments about the usage of fourth-line forwards or bottom-pairing defenders when the real impact of these usage decisions is often minimal.
Analytically minded fans would rather see a play driver who can't score on the fourth line than a physical grinder. And while that might be the optimal roster decision, the difference between the impact of those two players in eight minutes per night is probably going to be small except in the most extreme circumstances.
Trading Nikita Nesterov will likely not have a significant negative impact on the Lightning. The team has two top defenders in Victor Hedman and Anton Stralman, a clear third in Braydon Coburn, and a handful of bottom pairing guys who are largely interchangeable. Instead, this decision fits a pattern of defender usage that has been detrimental to the team.
Andrej Sustr and Nesterov are essentially equally valuable players in terms of their on-ice contributions. I made this case at the start of the season and revisited it in a piece a few weeks ago. The most recent team report showed Nesterov to be outperforming Sustr this year. Given Nesterov's age and his play this season, he is currently more valuable to the team than Sustr.
The team's logic for the trade is that they did not want to carry eight defenders long-term, but are concerned about losing either Nesterov or Luke Witkowski on waivers. So instead of losing one on waivers, they traded Nesterov for whatever they could get. The team felt pressure to move one to avoid losing one for nothing on waivers, and the summer's salary cap situation might have made the team think that bringing back both Sustr and Nesterov is unlikely. But there is a problem with this logic.
How does this line of thought end in trading Nesterov? Given that he and Sustr had similar impacts on the team, both should have been equally available for trade. And if that's the case, the trade to make would be the one that yields the best return. What if other NHL teams value Sustr more highly than they do Nesterov? There might be a team that would pay a decent price for a 6'8” right-handed defender who has been playing (deserved or not) second-pairing minutes.
The Lightning obviously didn't intentionally make a trade that would return less value. They clearly value Sustr over Nesterov. Playing time is all the evidence we need, and this trade just solidifies it.
The real crux of the problem is an inability to properly evaluate defenders. We saw it with Mark Barberio. We saw it with the trade of Radko Gudas, a first, and a third, for Braydon Coburn. We saw it with Matt Carle's usage. We're seeing it with Jason Garrison. We're seeing it with Slater Koekkoek. The Anton Stralman contract stands alone as a brilliant signing on defense by this management team. Aside from that, the decisions have been largely questionable.
Part of the reason this is so confusing is because the Lightning have been one of the best teams in the league at scouting and drafting forward talent. They are ahead of the curve in drafting smaller skilled players who drive play. They correctly identified a market inefficiency and have been exploiting it. They have not been able to do the same for defenders despite similar logic applying. Teams still misvalue defenders based on their size. Players who look like Andrej Sustr are prized ahead of players who look like Nikita Nesterov.
The Lightning have not recognized this. If they did, they could have exploited the market in a similar way that they've done in stocking the organization with an embarrassment of riches at forward. Not recognizing this opportunity will hurt them again this summer when they re-sign Sustr to a much more expensive extension than Nesterov would have required.
The trade highlights one more potential problem area for the Lightning over the last couple of seasons. Their seeming inability to keep young players positive about their role and future on the team is concerning. The Jonathan Drouin saga was the biggest example. We're seeing a similar path for Slater Koekkoek, who is still unjustifiably in the AHL despite being the best defensive prospect on a team desperate for defenders. While Nesterov is not the caliber of either of those players, he is another young player who seemed unhappy with his role and usage.
Regardless of what we feel about Nesterov's value on the ice, part of the job of coaches and management is to manage expectations and help players understand their role and their path to achieving success in the organization. From the outside, the Lightning appear to struggle with this.
Losing Nesterov will not hurt the chances of the Lightning succeeding this year or in the future, but it might be further evidence that the team struggles to evaluate defenders as well as keep young players engaged and on a path to success.
To a certain extent, these are issues for most teams. The Lightning are still well-positioned for the future. But if the consensus is that the team needs to improve its blue line to return to making a deep playoff run next season, the struggles to evaluate defenders is an obvious impediment to achieving that goal.
The solution is a relatively simple one. The Lightning need to be open to new ways of evaluating and developing players. The league is constantly changing, and the best teams adapt along with it. Everyone in the organization is aware of the issues on defense, and it should drive them to investigate why they have those issues and where the evaluation and development processes need to improve to address them.
The next few months will be interesting. The team has opportunities at the trade deadline and will have more opportunities this summer. How they make use of those opportunities will be key in positioning this team for the next couple of seasons.
Mathew McConaughey partied with Earl Campbell at the University of Texas. The Green Bay Packers drafted his dad. And don't forget that he once held a joint subcommittee meeting on the 50-yard line with Lee High's star quarterback Randall “Pink” Floyd back in '76.
Long before the Academy Award-winning actor aimlessly drove around whispering about his hometown in a Lincoln SUV, he beat his war bongos for the Washington Redskins.
How in the name of Longview, Texas, did Matthew McConaughey become a Redskins fan in Cowboy Country?
“Two things,” he tells GQ. “First: 4 years old, watching Westerns, I always rooted for the Indians. Second, my favorite food was hamburgers. The Redskins had a linebacker named Chris Hanburger.”
The Dazed and Confused, Magic Mike, We Are Marshall, and Dallas Buyers Club actor tells the men's magazine that he has returned to church, instills a Southern “Yes, Ma'am”/”No, Sir” etiquette in his kids, and believes that fatherhood stands as the height of manliness: “Never is a man more of a man than when he is the father of a newborn.”
He compares the campaign against the “Redskins” name to the crusade against the Second Amendment:
What interests me is how quickly it got pushed into the social consciousness. We were all fine with it since the 1930s, and all of a sudden we go, “No, gotta change it”? It seems like when the first levee breaks, everybody gets on board. I know a lot of Native Americans don't have a problem with it, but they're not going to say, “No, we really want the name.” That's not how they're going to use their pulpit. It's like my feeling about gun control: “I get it. You have the right to have guns. But look, let's forget that right. Let's forget the pleasure you get safely on your range, because it's in the wrong hands in other places.”
The actor confessed to aspiring as a kid to play running back for the Washington Redskins and toting around a team cap in his bag during the interview. He says he's resigned to the inevitability of changes for his favorite NFL team.
“I love the emblem,” he tells GQ.”I dig it. It gives me a little fire and some oomph. But now that it's in the court of public opinion, it's going to change. I wish it wouldn't, but it will.”
An East Sooke woman took one small step Monday toward fulfilling her lifelong dream of exploring outer space.
Marina Miral learned by email that she was one of 1,058 candidates short-listed for a one-way mission to Mars that aims to establish a human settlement on the red planet by 2025.
article continues below
The Mars One project selected the 30-year-old author from more than 200,000 applicants around the world.
“I was shocked, for one, because I'd kind of given up; I sort of thought I would have heard sooner,” Miral said. “I just haven't been able to stop smiling.
“I'm so excited. I've never been so excited.”
Miral first heard about the project last May, but delayed applying until just before the Aug. 31 deadline so that she could have more time to consider what she wanted to say.
There was never any doubt about putting her name forward. Miral said she has wanted to become an astronaut ever since she began watching Star Trek at age 10.
“This might sound a little bit silly, but my dream for my entire life was to go to Starfleet Academy,” she said. “But that is fictional, so it's been pretty hard trying to find something that will substitute for that dream.”
She found her answer when Mars One, a Dutch non-profit foundation, began searching for astronauts in April.
The foundation expects to send its first four colonists to Mars at a cost of $6 billion. Officials plan to raise the money through sponsorships, donations, crowdfunding and the sale of broadcasting rights to every aspect of the mission from astronaut selection to landing.
Mars One co-founder Bas Lansdorp said in a statement Monday that the short list of potential astronauts offers the first “tangible glimpse” of what the Mars settlement will look like.
“The challenge with 200,000 applicants is separating those who we feel are physically and mentally adept to become human ambassadors on Mars from those who are obviously taking the mission much less seriously,” he said. “We even had a couple of applicants submit their videos in the nude!”
Miral said she's unsure why she was selected.
“I tried to get across in my application just how important it was to me and that I was taking it seriously. So I think that was a big thing.
“I just love the idea of exploring, going somewhere completely new. Going to space — I can't even describe how wonderful the thought is for me.”
Miral, who recently changed her last name from Miller, earns a living by writing juvenile fiction novels with her mother, Angela Dorsey. The pair co-author the Sun Catcher series of books.
Though torn by the one-way nature of the mission, Dorsey said her daughter is a perfect choice.
“She's always dreamed of doing something like this, but she just never thought it was possible until this Mars One thing came along, right? It's sort of an unusual life dream.”
Miral still has to make it through three more rounds in the selection process.
Mars One expects to pick its final candidates by the end of 2015. Up to 40 people will then spend the next seven years training to survive on Mars for the rest of their lives.
lkines@timescolonist.com
"I was on a cross-party trip to Qatar, so speaking to Qataris I had to make even more of an effort to slow down and enunciate what I was saying.
"That was when a Tory MP said: 'Alan, I can understand you, if you spoke like that in the chamber that would make things much easier.' She thinks I sound fast and angry."
But he said his constituents north of the border would revolt if he suddenly lost his Kilmarnock accent, and Mr Brown said he has "no intention of changing now".
He said: "Because people know me locally and know how I talk, they would actually question what was happening if my accent changed when I came down to Westminster.
"We know people are very wary of politicians losing what they stood for, or changing too much when they take on the role. A sort of 'who does he think he is now?'.
"One last wee aside: my wife is actually American and I take the view if her family can understand my accent, the people in Westminster should be able to as well."
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives helped pave the way on Thursday for deep tax cuts sought by President Donald Trump and Republican leaders, but barely overcame a revolt within party ranks that could foreshadow trouble ahead.
The Republican-controlled House voted 216-212 to pass a budget blueprint for the 2018 fiscal year. The measure will enable the tax legislation, due to be introduced next week, to win congressional approval without any Democratic votes.
But House Republican leaders came within two votes of failure. Democrats were unified in their opposition, and 20 Republicans voted against the bill, many expressing disapproval of a provision that would repeal an income tax deduction for state and local taxes.
Discord is also looming over a potential provision to scale back a popular tax-deferred U.S. retirement savings program known as a 401(k). Both those provisions are aimed at offsetting revenue losses that would result from the planned sweeping tax cuts, particularly for companies.
Democrats have called the tax plan a giveaway to the rich and corporations that would swell the federal deficit.
Republicans are traditionally opposed to letting the deficit grow. But in a stark reversal of that stance, the party's budget resolution, previously passed by the Senate, called for adding up to $1.5 trillion to federal deficits over the next decade to pay for the tax cuts.
Several conservative Republicans voted against it because of deficit concerns. One of them, Representative Justin Amash, wrote on Twitter, “What happened to fiscal conservatism?”
The outline of the Republican plan announced last month would cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, the small business rate to 25 percent from up to 39.6 percent and the top individual rate to 35 percent from 39.6 percent.
Trump, who promised major tax cuts as a candidate last year, has asked Congress to pass the tax legislation by the end of the year. Even though his fellow Republicans control both the House and Senate, the president has been unable to secure passage of major legislation, having failed to repeal the Obamacare law.
Republicans are also looking for a signature achievement as the 2018 congressional election year approaches.
“Big News - Budget just passed!” Trump wrote on Twitter.
Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan, who has said he wants the House to pass the tax overhaul by the Nov. 23 Thanksgiving holiday, said passage of the budget resolution was an “enormous step” toward that goal.
Related Coverage U.S. House tax chief says SALT deduction meeting ends without compromise
But he declined to take a position on the possibility of capping annual tax-free contributions into 401(k) plans, which for four decades have helped millions of Americans save for retirement by offering tax savings.
Trump and Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means committee, reopened the door to the possibility of such caps on Wednesday as Republicans scramble to find sources of revenue to cover the tax cuts.
Brady on Thursday said he was working toward an agreement on the 401(k) issue with Trump and Republicans who want to keep the tax break in place.
“They made it clear. They need this problem solved before they vote ‘yes' on tax reform,” Brady added.
Brady said he planned to introduce the tax bill next Wednesday and to begin committee deliberations on it the following week, on Nov. 6.
REVOLT FROM HIGH-TAX STATES
Eliminating the deduction would hit middle-class voters in high-tax states like California, New York, Illinois, Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
Republican Representative John Katko of New York, leaving a meeting with Brady, said supporters of the deduction “stood firm, saying ‘no' as a group today to let them know we're not kidding.”
But one Republican senator warned that his party will have to stick to its commitment to eliminate tax breaks.
“If groups see that you're willing to deal something away if they raise enough Cain, the whole thing's going to fall apart. We've gotta hang tough,” Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee said on CNBC.
The budget plan will enable the 100-seat Senate to pass tax legislation with a simple majority rather than a 60-vote super-majority, hard to reach given Democrats' opposition. Republicans hold a slim 52-48 margin in the Senate.
The White House and congressional Republicans excluded Democrats as they developed the plan.
The U.S. Capitol Building is seen shortly before sunset in Washington, U.S. May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Zach Gibson
“Right here before our eyes, in this House, the Republicans are replacing the great American ladders of opportunity with the silver spoon of plutocracy and aristocracy,” top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi said during the debate on the budget measure.
Independent analysts forecast last month that corporations and the wealthiest Americans would benefit the most and many upper middle-income people would face higher taxes under the tax outline unveiled by the Republicans.
The proposal would cut taxes for companies and individuals by up to $6 trillion over the next decade, the analysts said.
The results are presented of the exposure of Drosophila melanogaster to microgravity conditions during a 15-day biosatellite flight, Biokosmos 9, in a joint ESA-URSS project. The experimental containers were loaded before launch with a set of Drosophila melanogaster Oregon R larvae so that imagoes were due to emerge half-way through the flight. A large number of normally developed larvae were recovered from the space-flown containers. These larvae were able to develop into normal adults confirming earlier results that Drosophila melanogaster of a wild-type constitution can develop normally in the absence of gravity. However, microgravity exposure clearly enhances the number of growing embryos laid by the flies and possibly slows down the developmental pace of the microgravity-exposed animals. Due to some problems in the experimental set-up, this slowing down needs to be verified in future experiments. No live adult that had been exposed to microgravity was recovered from the experiment, so that no life span studies could be carried out, but adult males emerged from the recovered embyros showed a slight shortening in life span and a lower performance in other experimental tests of aging. This agrees with the results of previous experiments performed by our groups.
While nonprofits and advocacy groups toil all year long to bring attention and funding to causes related to autism, April is officially "Autism Awareness Month," and these organizations will gain the most attention in the next 30 days. As a result, we are inundated with baby blue puzzle-pieces and our Facebook feeds are filled with memes, pictures of adorable children sharing one-liners, all with the hope that these efforts will provide the support for individuals on the spectrum and their parents.
Autism Awareness Month commemorates the milestones achieved by the autism community as a whole and by individuals diagnosed with autism and reminds us how far we've come and how much work is left to do. Although these messages are imperative for individuals outside of our community, it's important to remember that families need support long after April has come and gone. Here are some ideas that I hope everyone affected by autism keeps in mind as these 30 days fly by:
1. Understanding the detection, diagnosis and cause of autism is necessary but only the first step.
Research surrounding diagnosis and detection is a necessary first step in the autism journey, but not the only step. Investing in research on diagnosis and causes is imperative to ensure the next generation's future, but it's important to keep in mind that today's parents require support relating to what to do today and tomorrow with their already diagnosed child.
2. Awareness should promote education about autism treatment.
A diagnosis does not always mean that families have a seamless path to treatment. Once diagnosed, families are bombarded with hundreds of treatments to choose from. Some government funding sources even fund controversially effective treatments. Awareness campaigns should focus on helping parents and professionals join in a shared commitment to acknowledging and respecting scientific evidence related to autism treatment. Some non-profits already focus on campaigns that give suggested red-flags about treatments that promises a "cure," treatments that no one has proven, treatments that advertise vague benefits, or treatments that promise that research is "coming." Today, families must sort through hundreds of treatments that often tout high levels of success with minimal peer-reviewed research until they adopt the most effective one. As this field grows and insurance continues to fund autism services, Autism Awareness Month should focus on helping parents differentiate between snake oil and solid treatment options for their child.
3. Autism is no longer a rare diagnosis.
It's no longer news that the CDC reports increased prevalence of individuals diagnosed with autism. To date, government funding on any and all of these issues has not caught up with this trend. TACA's Founder, Lisa Ackerman, addressed this issue in her article on government funding for childhood issues. The bar graph depicting the disparity in funding really is worth a thousand words. Our government is funding autism research, but it is clear that money is disproportionate to the number of people affected when compared to other funding. I hope that the research efforts continue to be renewed in the upcoming year.
4. The Social Network can be a powerful thing.
Innovation in our community is necessary, and it will only occur when parents turn to each other, talk, listen, and identify patterns and trends in problems that others might not see as problems. Many times parents assume certain tasks must be difficult. When difficulty arises, innovation can flourish. I have met incredible autism parents who have created unique solutions for problems based on their children's struggles and other parents' complaints.
A social network can also be helpful when choosing the best treatment options. Hearing other parent's stories doesn't necessarily promise the same outcome for your child, but it might shed light on quality indicators or characteristics that are associated with a high quality service provider. Whether on Facebook, Twitter, or in person, our social network also helps connect families with professionals whom they normally would not come into contact with and the opportunity to hear other parent stories. If a parent knows of providers who are educated and experienced in the delivery of evidence-based treatments this doesn't guarantee that provider will be a good fit for their child, but it does give an indication of characteristics that tend to be associated with quality services.
5. We can't ignore the growing adult population.
More children with autism are going to high school than ever before. As our children grow into adulthood, more clinically sound programs should address their needs. Some parents worry about the day that their children grow into adults who are required to understand the nuances of community life, housing, employment and self-advocacy. This coming of age has its own challenges of long waiting lists and system costs. Some organizations are paving the way in providing new opportunities to this population by removing obstacles and supporting independence in the form of mentorship and job creation. As this population grows, my hope is that our community identifies best practices and support existing communities that address these needs.
Chinese President Xi Jinping (R) shakes hands with Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe in Beijing, China, April 8, 2016. [Photo: Xinhua/Ding Lin]
Sri Lanka and China will hold high level discussions in June on the possibility of signing a bilateral Free Trade Agreement (FTA), Sri Lanka's Ministry of Industry and Commerce said in a statement on Monday.
"China is a promising market for Sri Lanka's select, premium products such as gems, and an important round of bilateral talks on Sri Lanka-China FTA is scheduled for next month," the statement quoted Rishard Bathiudeen, minister of Industry and Commerce, as saying.
The minister said that Sri Lanka was committed to pursuing an outward oriented trade regime following the principles of the World Trade Organization, with a view to enhancing overseas market access for its export products and achieving greater integration into the world economy.
Sri Lanka has already signed free trade agreements with India and Pakistan and both the agreements allow more than 4000 product lines to be exported to these markets at zero duty.
"Sri Lanka actively involves in Joint Economic Commissions and bilateral forums with a number of countries in order to enhance our trade and commercial relations," the minister said.
He added that trade between Sri Lanka and China crossed the 4 billion U.S. dollar mark last year for the first time in the bilateral trade history, surging by 17 percent from 2014's 3.58 billion U.S. dollars.
About 93 percent of last year's total trade was imports from China, mainly iron and steel, fabrics and fibres, cotton and urea fertilizer.
How can a non-binding agreement be as important as Trump's critics say it is? On a much smaller scale, I've just been dealing with something very similar.
If you've ever read the Paris Agreement on climate change — it's dull but relatively short as international agreements go, so it's not that hard — President Trump's announcement that the United States is withdrawing from it was a bizarre performance. As you can see from David Victor's annotation of the speech, virtually every line of it was either false, fantastic, or based on an incorrect assumption. (Near the beginning of the speech David Roberts tweeted: “If Trump says something true, I will notify you all.” There proved to be no need.) Parts of it were even internally contradictory, like the line where he called the agreement “non-binding” and “draconian” in the same sentence.
Thus, as of today, the United States will cease all implementation of the non-binding Paris Accord and the draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country.
But though it was wrong in almost every detail, the picture Trump painted was very vivid: The Paris Agreement is an international conspiracy to hoodwink the United States and wreck our economy.
The fact that the Paris deal hamstrings the United States, while empowering some of the world's top-polluting countries, should dispel any doubt as to the real reason why foreign lobbyists wish to keep our magnificent country tied up and bound down by this agreement: It's to give their country an economic edge over the United States.
He did not mention President Obama directly, but the implication was clear: Obama agreed to this either because he was a fool or because he was in on the anti-America plot. Unlike his predecessor, Trump is pro-America — he represents “the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris” — so he's calling a halt to this nonsense.
Fact-checkers and other expert critics have been easy to find, but there's a problem with their account, especially as it relates to low-information voters who are inclined to give Trump the benefit of the doubt: Not only is the experts' interpretation of the Paris Agreement much less arresting than Trump's paranoid fantasy, it doesn't seem to hang together either. If the agreement doesn't bind us into some kind of suicide pact, and doesn't bind other countries either, how can renouncing it have the kind of apocalyptic consequences critics claim? If the nations that signed the agreement are still free to do whatever they want, how does Paris save any polar bears or avert hurricanes or keep the ocean from swallowing Miami?
So if we're going to help the public resist Trump's disinformation campaign, what we really need is not more detailed analysis from experts in international law or economics or climatology. We need a simple example from everyday life that helps people understand what the Paris Agreement is and does. In particular, the example needs to demonstrate how a non-binding agreement can be important.
Luckily, I happen to have such an example handy.
The Paris Agreement is a pledge drive. I admit, this model is in my mind for serendipitous reasons: This spring I was on the committee that organized my church's annual pledge drive. But it turns out to be a pretty accurate parallel.
Every year, our drive works like this: We announce a target, a total amount that members will need to contribute during the next year if the church is going to do all the stuff our member-elected leadership thinks we should do. We send out a brochure explaining what that stuff is, and how the total compares to what we collected the previous year.
Then we ask everybody to send in cards with pledges: “I will contribute X dollars next year.” The pledges are in no sense binding. If you run into financial problems in the course of the year, you can always call the church office and say, “I'm going to have to lower my pledge.” Or you can just not send in the money. It's not like we can take you to court or turn your pledge card over to the bill collectors.
The Paris Agreement is like that. It announces a goal: The nations participating in the agreement want to keep the overall increase in average global temperature since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution down to 2 degrees centigrade (or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit). Since the main cause of this increase is the rise in greenhouse gases (mainly CO2) in the atmosphere, the agreement asks nations to make a pledge to limit their carbon emissions.
Each country determines the size of its own pledge. The pledge can be changed at any time. And there's no enforcement mechanism that kicks in if you don't fulfill your pledge.
Just like at my church.
What good is a nonbinding agreement? If no nation is actually committed to anything in a legally enforceable way, you might well wonder what the point of the agreement is. After all, nothing stops a country from announcing an ambitious goal with a lot of fanfare, and then doing nothing. So if you're looking for absolute certainty that the world is finally going to take serious action to fight climate change, the Paris Agreement doesn't provide it.
So what does it do? The point of the agreement, as I see it, is more subtle: Like our pledge drive, it's a trust-building exercise among its members.
In any collective enterprise with voluntary inputs, there's always a free-rider problem. If, say, I contribute a lot to the church and the guy sitting next to me on Sunday morning gives practically nothing, we both get to sing the same hymns and hear the same sermon. And since no household contributes more than a percent or two of the whole budget, the direct impact of each individual's contribution to his or her own church experience is close to zero. (If nobody contributes, we'll have to fire the minister and turn off the heat, which I would notice. But if everybody else contributes an appropriate amount and I don't, probably not much changes.)
Climate change is like that, especially for countries smaller than China or the United States. Denmark, for example, is a world leader in wind power. In 2015 it generated 40% of its electricity from wind, and plans to be over 50% by 2020. But it's such a small country that, considered in isolation, its achievement makes practically no difference to the global climate. Even the U.S. isn't big enough to turn things around by itself, which is sometimes used as an excuse for doing nothing. As Marco Rubio put it during a Republican presidential debate: “America is not a planet.”
But the nations of the Paris Agreement — everybody except Nicaragua, Syria, and now us — are really close to being a planet. If they can work together, the gains will be meaningful. Building the trust that allows them to work towards a common goal is where the pledge-drive idea comes in.
The point of a pledge drive is to make sure that if you volunteer to make some sacrifices, you can know that you won't be alone. Before I send in a single dollar towards next year's church budget, I get to know what all the pledges total up to. (We missed our goal this year, but we're close enough that almost all our plans still look feasible.) And before I pledge next year, I get to find out whether this year's pledged money actually came in. (Again, it's usually a little bit short, due to people losing jobs and having other unexpected financial problems. But it's never been so short that fulfilling my commitment made me feel like a sucker.)
That's what Paris is about. It got each nation to commit to either lower its carbon emissions or (in the case of developing nations) to significantly slow the rate of increase. (China, which still has hundreds of millions of people to bring into the modern age, pledges to stop increasing emissions by 2030. They seem likely to do better than that.) Nations also agree to share information about what they're doing and how well it's working. There is, in addition, a literal pledge drive in which rich nations raise money to help poor nations take action. (This is the Green Climate Fund that Trump is revoking Obama's pledge to.)
So before any nation takes Paris-based action to lower its emissions, it gets to see what the other nations are pledging to do. And along the way, every nation gets to see how faithfully the other nations are carrying out their commitments. It's a way for sovereign nations to move forward on their own climate-change plans while feeling confident that enough other nations are moving forward that they're not wasting their effort.
To me, that sounds pretty familiar.
What's not in the agreement. The Paris Agreement does not specify an carbon-emission goal for any particular nation, or mandate techniques for meeting those goals. What a nation commits to do and how it fulfills that commitment is its own business. The agreement also has no enforcement mechanism, no equivalent of the World Court or the WTO that could pronounce judgment against nations that don't meet their goals.
So Trump's claims that the Paris Agreement “blocks the development of clean coal” or mandates that “we can't build [coal-fired power] plants” or puts our energy reserves “under lock and key” are pure fiction. If anybody had a genuinely clean way to get energy out of coal, it would lower our emissions and help us meet our Paris goals. So clean coal is only “blocked” to the extent that it doesn't work. And energy reserves are under lock and key only to the extent that we voluntarily forego their use.
Likewise, his statements that “foreign leaders … have more say with respect to the U.S. economy than our own citizens” and that “our withdrawal from the agreement represents a reassertion of America's sovereignty” are nonsense. Our elected government made a pledge that it can adjust at any time. If it chooses to fulfill that pledge, how it does so is totally its own decision.
Why withdrawing makes no sense. I mean that literally. It's not just that I disagree with Trump's decision as a matter of policy, it's that it makes no sense.
Think about it in terms of the pledge drive. Suppose I believed about my church what Trump seems to believe about Paris: that my pledge is so much higher than other people's that the rest of the congregation is essentially taking advantage of my generosity. Everybody else should either pony up more money or get used to the idea of a more austere church.
OK then: Does it make sense for me to withdraw from the pledge drive? Not a bit. It's not the pledge drive itself that I think is unfair to me, it's the size of my voluntary contribution relative to the total. But I could fix that unilaterally. If I felt like a sucker, it might make sense for me to lower my pledge for next year, or even to call up the church office right now and angrily announce that I'm done contributing for this year, even though I haven't fulfilled my pledge yet. If they need more money they should get it from somebody else.
Trump could have done that. If he has any particular terms in mind — which I suspect he doesn't; I doubt he's thought about it that deeply — the “renegotiation” he called for could just be an announcement. If he believes Obama's pledge is unfair to us or beyond our abilities, he could lower it to an amount he considers fair and achievable. No other nations, no international authority, would need to sign off.
There is a discussion going on about how fair or achievable Obama's goals were, or how much sacrifice the country should be willing to make to fulfill them. David Victor's annotations are sympathetic to the view that Obama's goals would require considerable economic sacrifice, while Paul Krugman believes that “We have almost all the technology we need, and can be quite confident of developing the rest.” (I haven't studied the question enough to have a opinion worth sharing.)
But Trump is not engaging in that argument. He could simply tell the world what goals he considers fair and why. But he doesn't. Instead, he's withdrawing from the process of setting any goals at all.
Given that I could lower my pledge any time I find appropriate, the only reason I would withdraw from the entire pledge drive is if I acknowledge no responsibility to support the church financially. It would be tantamount to deciding to withdraw from the community.
That's what Trump is doing here: He's not defending our sovereignty or protecting our jobs or doing any of the other positive things his speech claims. He's denying that we have any responsibility to work with the rest of the world in addressing one of the major problems of our era. He is, in essence, withdrawing from the community of nations.
Looking to improve your production and post? Smartphones are now viable filmmaking tools. Here are 10 apps under $10 for the modern filmmaker.
In the last few years, smartphone and tablet apps have become increasing popular tools in digital filmmaking. In this post, we showcase some of the best filmmaking and photography apps for media professionals. Reasonably priced and chocked full of features, these apps are useful to have in your video and film production toolkit.
For more filmmaking apps see our previous post on 25 post production and video editing apps for iPhone and iPad.
1. Sun Seeker: 3D Augmented Reality $8.99 iPhone/iPad/Android Download iOS / Download Android If you are doing location shooting and timelapse photography, this is an essential app. Sun Seeker shows you where the sun will be at a certain time of day using GPS and a magnetometer. You can pick between 3 views (compass, 3D, and map). Great for figuring out where to shoot and what time to shoot…based on where the light is. 2. Almost DSLR $1.99 iPhone/iPad/iTouch Download iOS These days the definition of a “pro” camera is pretty loose, with iPhones, DSLR's, and GoPro's being used in commercial filmmaking. Almost DSLR expands on the capabilities of the iPhone/iPad camera letting you set focus with single and double taps, ability to adjust exposure and custom white balance. It even works with lens adapters like the mCamLITE. 3. Pro Camera Guide $3.99 iPhone/iPad Download for iOS Basically a pocket guide to Digital Video Production. Has sections for Camera Tech, Cameras, Lens Calculator, and Camera Prep. The Camera Prep section lets you create checklists for equipment and camera prep. Very useful field guide for anyone that does a lot of shooting. 4. DoddlePro $9.99 iPhone/iTouch/iPad Download for iOS The quick way to create, edit and distribute call sheets for filmmakers and video producers. A faster and more ‘green' alternative for filmmakers getting away from paper forms. Sync call sheets and crew lists and get auto weather/emergency info updates. A new and improved way for keeping your entire crew on the same page. 5. EditCodes $2.99 iPhone/iPad Download for iOS EditCodes is a searchable database of over 200 error codes. This is what I call a “Murphy's Law” app. You won't need it till things go wrong, but when you do this a big help. It identifies error codes from Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro & Media Composer and suggests actions to fix the problem. 6. Cut Notes $7.99 iPad More Info and Download Cut Notes replaces traditionally handwritten notes in an edit session or screening. Start the app and then make notes while it plays along with your editing app. It comes with 16 default notekeys that cover common editing notes. Then, export the notes to your NLE of choice. 7. Easy Release – Release Form $9.99 iPhone/iPad/Android More Info and Download Shooting on location and need a release form? No problem. Easy Release lets you collect all the data and signatures you need right on your iPhone and emails a PDF and JPEG of the release right to you. You get custom legal templates that you can modify and you can brand the forms with your company logo. 8. ProPrompter $9.99 iPhone/iPad More Info and Download Need a teleprompter for field reporting and corporate video at the last minute? Pro Prompter works on iPhone/iPads and can use another iPhone/iPad to control the scroll speed and cue forward or backward in your script. It also has gravity orientation – turn your screen and it turns with it. Super portable and easy to use – an excellent backup prompter. 9. AC-7 Core $7.99 iPad More Info and Download Mix your audio from your iPad with virtual sliders instead of a mouse. It works in a variety of apps (FCP 7, Audition, Pro Tools, Logic) and uses Mackie Protocol. You can mute and solo tracks and even record audio keyframes. I was up and running with Adobe Audition in 5 minutes. 10. Photoshop Touch $9.99 iPad/Android Download iOS / Download Android Edit image on your tablet on-location. ‘Touch' doesn't support layer masks but otherwise provides most of the core ability of Photoshop. You can sync Photoshop Touch with Photoshop via the Adobe Creative Cloud.
Do you rely on another app for your video production or post?
Share it in the comments below!
Ugandan LGBT Activists: 'We Have to Stay and Fight'
Embattled LGBT activists in Uganda are working together to help each other stay safe, but they remain defiant in the face a newly passed law that proposes life imprisonment for gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, or intersex Ugandans.
The Ugandan parliament passed the Anti-Homosexuality Bill on Friday morning, without any public announcement about the bill's consideration, without parliamentary debate, and possibly without the presence of enough members to establish quorum and legally move forward with the legislation, according to a statement from the prime minister.
"It was very, very deliberate," says LGBT activist Clare Byarugaba, of the surreptitious and unannounced passage of the bill. "Because they knew the kind of pressure it would bring."
"The speaker is doing this as a political move, and not even adhering to the rules that she herself put in place earlier this year," continues Byarugaba, the co-coordinator of Uganda's Civil Society Coalition on Human Rights and Constitutional Law.
Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga was recently named the chairperson of the Commonwealth Women Parliamentarians, an international parliamentary association that focuses on "good governance, democracy, elections and human rights," according to Uganda's daily paper New Vision. Late last year, Kadaga attracted international attention and backlash after she told Canadian reporters that her parliament would pass the Anti-Homosexuality Bill as a "Christmas gift" to Ugandans.
Byarugaba, the LGBTI activist, noted that in rushing the Anti-Homosexuality Bill through parliament, Kadaga ignored procedural rules she put in place — including a recently enacted provision that every bill which passes through parliament must pass a "Human Rights Checklist" that ensures the proposed legislation adheres to the Ugandan constitution and international human rights standards.
The country's most prominent LGBT organization, Sexual Minorities Uganda, condemned the bill's passage, and agreed with Byarugaba's assessment that the bill was pushed through parliament in a deceptive fashion.
"SMUG condemns in the strongest terms the haphazard manner in which Members of Parliament passed [the bill] with little if any regard to procedure and to whether it complies with the 1995 Constitution as the Supreme law of Uganda," reads a statement issued Friday from the activist organization.
President Yoweri Museveni has yet to sign the bill — and sources on the ground in Uganda indicate that he might veto the legislation in response to international pressure. But even if Museveni vetoes the bill, Parliament can override that measure with another vote; and given the strong support for the law among Ugandan members of parliament, that seems the likely outcome, according to Byarugaba.
Although the bill is not yet law, it's already wreaked havoc and fear upon LGBT people living in Uganda. Byarugaba reports that a transgender woman named Beyonce was arrested Friday for walking down the street, and is currently still in jail because her allies had yet to secure her bond.
But despite the bigotry, Byarugaba and her fellow activists remain determined to overcome — and are counting on international outrage to help sound the alarm.
"Right now, it is Uganda against homosexuals," says Byarugaba. "And the biggest solidarity we have is from people who respect and support the rights of LGBTI persons all over the world… International attention on Uganda is the only thing that will save us from the backlash that is going to continue to happen against the community. So we need that now — more than ever."
As for the activists themselves, they are resilient.
"I feel like we have to stay and fight because there's so much work that needs to be done," says Byarugaba. "As activists, we can't just abandon the community. We already feel like we failed them by not anticipating Parliament's actions, so we can't really run away at this point. We have to stay and figure out how to move forward. And we haven't lost hope."
Developer Jan Östman has announced two new synthesizers inspired by the voice of the Roland Juno, the Jupiter-X monosynth and the smaller Ju-X.
Östman says that the DCO is a replica of the Juno-106 DCO, but the original 8253 timers is replaced with an ATmega.
The Jupiter-X is a tabletop monosynth that recreates a single Juno DCO voice.
Features:
A monophonic synth with a single Juno DCO voice.
A monophonic synth with a single Juno DCO voice. Oscillator with SAW, SQR/PWM and SUB waveforms.
SUPERSAW unison setting for the SAW waveform.
SUPERSAW unison setting for the SAW waveform. LFO and AR-envelope.
DSP filter with LPF, HPF and Resonance setting.
MIDI input for note on/off.
5 volt CV/Gate input for oscillator. Frequency range 65-2093Hz (C2-C7).
5 volt CV input for filter cutoff.
External audio input to filter.
The Jupiter-X is priced at $330, including shipping.
In addition, Östman announced the Ju-X synth – a smaller Juno-inspired synth.
Features:
The 65x60mm all analog Ju-X monophonic Juno voice..
Just CV/Gate, PWM-CV and Pitch-CV 0-5v analog inputs.
SUPERSAW unison setting for the SAW waveform.
Great for sequencing and use with external filter.
Ju-X is priced at $70, including shipping.
Östman expects to have sound demos available in December. DIY versions are also planned.
You can preorder the synths via Östman's site.
Perth Lord Mayor Lisa Scaffidi resists pressure to speak on CEO sacking
Updated
Lord Mayor Lisa Scaffidi has rejected bipartisan political pressure for the City of Perth to provide further explanation for last week's sacking of CEO Gary Stevenson.
Mr Stevenson's contract was terminated with more than 12 months remaining, with Ms Scaffidi saying at the time council felt a need to take the city in a new direction with a different management style.
Both Premier Colin Barnett and Opposition Leader Mark McGowan rejected that explanation as unsatisfactory and called on the council to provide more details.
But Ms Scaffidi insisted that was not needed.
"Absolutely not, the ratepayers elect the councillors to appropriately manage the City of Perth," Ms Scaffidi said.
"I have had conversations with [Local Government Minister Tony] Simpson and Colin Barnett and I don't believe there are any other concerns that I am aware of."
Mr Stevenson's sacking followed investigations into elected member travel, including an internal review of council travel last year, which he ordered.
It also followed a corruption watchdog probe into Ms Scaffidi's failure to properly declare gifts.
But Ms Scaffidi has consistently denied Mr Stevenson's sacking was related to that issue.
Former planning and development director Martin Mileham was appointed the city's acting chief executive after Mr Stevenson's sacking.
Topics: local-government, perth-6000
First posted
When William D. Wood and Donnie M. Daniel had their prison sentences for separate drug convictions commuted in 2016, an article in The Oklahoman noted it was the first two commutations Gov. Mary Fallin had authorized since 2012.
However, The Frontier has learned that commutation applications weren't being denied during the years prior to Wood's and Daniel's successful attempts at clemency — they weren't being reviewed at all.
During a nearly three-year period beginning in 2013 and lasting until late 2015, the Oklahoma Pardon and Parole Board did not review a single application for commutation, an investigation by The Frontier found.
Generally speaking, a commutation — a rare action that can only be granted by the governor — alters a prison sentence officials considered unjust. Both Daniel, who had been sentenced to life in prison, and Wood, who faced 117 years in prison, had been sentenced under Oklahoma's former three-strikes drug laws.
Records show 515 commutations were requested in fiscal year 2016. Of those requests, the board recommended just 28 cases to Fallin.
Of those 28, Fallin altered 15 sentences.
Wood's sentence was shortened to time served, while Daniel's was altered to life with the possibility of parole. Though their commutation applications were filed in 2014, their sentences were not commuted until January 2016, records show.
DeLynn Fudge, the Pardon and Parole Board's director, told The Frontier that at least 170 applications were received during the timeframe in which they were not being reviewed. Fudge was appointed by Fallin to head the Pardon and Parole Board in July 2015.
The board began reviewing the backlog in November 2015, Fudge said.
The pause in application reviews was not well-known, attorneys who specialize in filing commutations told The Frontier.
“I knew that they weren't taking action on any there for a while,” Oklahoma City attorney Tony Coleman said. “But (not reviewing them) is news to me. We eventually just stopped filing them for a while and told people to save their money, because we knew no one was getting (their sentences commuted).
Attorneys who seek commutations before the Pardon and Parole Board can charge thousands of dollars, Coleman said, although he would not disclose his fee structure.
Fallin spokesman Michael McNutt told The Frontier that the governor was aware the applications were not being reviewed and had requested that the board make a number of changes to the commutation process. McNutt said Fallin hoped the changes she requested would simplify the process as well as make it more transparent.
Fallin's request, and the pause in application processing, took place during a time of unprecedented upheaval at the Pardon and Parole Board. Beginning in 2013, when longtime Director Terry Jenks retired amid scandal, the board had six directors in a two-year span, records show.
Jenks resigned after Oklahoma County District Attorney David Prater charged the five-member board with violating Oklahoma's Open Meetings Act. Those charges were later dismissed after the entire board resigned.
Complicating matters further was legislation that passed changing the process for filing commutation applications. Prior to the change in law, any sentence modification had to be initiated by the board.
Under the new law, inmates are allowed to file their own commutation paperwork.
“(The applications) just started piling up,” Jari Askins told The Frontier. Askins was interim director at the Pardon and Parole Board for seven months beginning in August 2014. “There was no real process for how the parole board was to handle those. No rules in place, no procedures for that.”
Pardon and Parole Board Executive Directors
Terry Jenks – Retired June 1, 2013 after 14 years, resigned in scandal after five-member board was charged with violating Open Meetings Act. Jenks would have been charged had he not resigned, Oklahoman wrote.
Tracy George – The former Pardon and Parole Board general counsel served as executive director after Jenks resigned.
Jari Askins – Interim director appointed Aug. 18, 2014. Served until March 2015.
Van Guillotte –Former Oklahoma Highway Patrol Chief was hired March 30, 2015, resigned May 11, 2015.
Melinda Romero – Served in interim capacity between Guillote and Fudge.
Delynn Fudge – Appointed July 20, 2015 and has served since.
Askins said her tenure was supposed to last three months, but instead lasted seven months. During that timeframe Askins began the process of developing rules around processing inmate commutation applications, Fudge told The Frontier.
After Askins left in March 2015, she was replaced by former Oklahoma Highway Patrol Chief Van Guillote. Guillote lasted only 25 days before resigning.
He was replaced by Melinda Romero, who served in an interim capacity before Fudge was appointed by Fallin on July 20, 2015.
It was Fudge who finalized the process of reviewing commutation applications that Askins had begun developing. Though successful commutations are rare, the number of submitted applications has skyrocketed, Fudge said. While there were only about 170 during the nearly three-year span applications were not being reviewed, Fudge said 515 were processed during the last fiscal year.
“The reality is that (commutation) is a rare process,” she said. “People want it to be a get-out-of- jail-free card, but it's really there to correct an excessive or unjust sentence.”
‘The pardon and parole process is very difficult'
Fudge's tenure, nearly two years now, represents the longest period of stability at the Pardon and Parole Board since Clark resigned following a 14-year run as director in 2013.
Fudge told The Frontier she has sought to streamline processes that had been vague and to increase transparency. Dockets for parole, pardon and commutation hearings are now listed on the Pardon and Parole Board website, as are the results of those hearings.
“We've worked very hard improving our website so it's more accessible, and there's greater transparency,” Fudge said. “The pardon and parole process is very difficult, and most people don't have any kind of experience with it. We've tried to develop information so they might understand it a little better.”
But there has still been upheaval. The five-member board that oversaw the pardon and parole process had been whittled to three members as of the last parole docket, Coleman and Fudge said.
The board had consisted of Thomas Gillert, Patricia High, Vanessa Price, Brett Macy and William Latimer. High and Price, both of whom had been appointed by Fallin, left the board. Their departures meant that the Pardon and Parole Board was without a quorum for April and could not meet, pushing back the hearings of offenders who had anticipated an April hearing to May.
The departures of High and Price meant that instead of the 3-2 majority that had been needed to move forward on the two-stage parole docket, offenders needed a unanimous 3-0 vote from Gillert, Macy and Latimer to progress through the system.
“To their credit, those three guys are handling a heavy caseload and doing one hell of a job,” Coleman said.
One position filled, one still empty
Fallin filled one of the vacant Pardon and Parole Board seats in April when she selected retired District Judge Allen McCall to replace High. McCall's term will last only until January 2019 — by law, Pardon and Parole Board terms last only as long as the sitting governor's.
All four of the current members of the board have law enforcement backgrounds — McCall and Gillert are former judges, while Latimer and Macy are former police officers.
Critics have argued that having ex-law enforcement on pardon and parole boards can have a chilling effect on the granting of paroles.
American Civil Liberties Union of Oklahoma Executive Director Ryan Kiesel urged Fallin to fill the vacant fifth position with someone of a different background.
“I would definitely encourage the governor to look beyond the law enforcement community for the next member,” Kiesel said. “That perspective is certainly covered and well represented on the board.
“Just because you have expertise in law enforcement does not mean you have expertise on rehabilitation. I think the state would benefit from a Pardon and Parole Board that isn't filled with folks that are inclined to keep people behind bars whether or not they deserve to be there.”
Kiesel said he thinks someone with a “mental health or criminal defense” background would “be a valuable voice on the board.”
Finding an eligible person with that type of background might be easier said than done. State statutes require anyone appointed to the Pardon and Parole Board to have a minimum of three years experience in the “criminal justice field.”
In a statement, Fallin told The Frontier she “is working diligently” to fill the open board position.
“I'll consider all qualified applicants,” she said in the statement.
Correction: This story originally misidentified the law the Pardon and Parole Board was accused of breaking.
Your financial support for our investigative journalism is now tax deductible. To become a Friend of The Frontier, click here.
Bitch Please is a collaboration brew between 3 Floyds and Brew Dog.
3 Floyds is a midwest craft brewery whose beer is known for being both bold and unconventional. They're beers are also notoriously unobtainable due to insanely high demand.
Brew Dog , whose mottos are "beer with bite", is a small batch brewer in Scotland. They started brewing craft beer to inject excitement into the bland, boring UK beer market.
Together these two breweries, each known for their inventive and unique styles, created Bitch Please. I can say unequivocally that I have never tasted anything like this beer before.
Bitch Please (11.5% ABV) is considered either an English or American Barleywine depending on the source. The bottle says it is an ale aged in whiskey casks. This is difficult brew to put into any one category - it's that different.
It pours a deep amber with a thin, bubbly off-white head. The complexion in the glass is a dense, murky brown.
The aroma is mostly smokey but there is an underlying complex of malt, tartness, spice and sweetness.
The initial taste is a distinct smoky flavor. The smoke flavor is interesting because I tasted one thing and my husband tasted something else. I thought it tasted like a fragrant cigar smoke, he thought it tasted like a barbecue smoke. And, while there are loads of malt, the smoke is clearly the heart of this beer. Any whiskey taste is muted. Sweet caramely malt teases but isn't fully defined. This is balanced but a resinous hoppiness that adds a nice touch of bitter. The alcohol creates a cognac-like quality but it's not nearly as "big" as some other barrel aged beers I've had.
The mouth is full and big bodied. It's a sipper, and a mighty good one at that.
There's a whole lot going on in that bottle. There's a labyrinth of flavors to maneuver through and enjoy. Enjoy with a fine cigar or a slab of meat or both!
Overall: excellent.
How did an image host that brought us Sad Keanu become one of the biggest sites on the web?
You probably saw it last month: A photo of President Obama stepping off a plane, wearing his usual suit, black shades and a big, sh*t-eating grin. He's pointing at something or someone; we just don't know what or who. But in typical meme fashion, the version of the photo you likely saw had bold, white letters overlaid on top of it: “Sorry it took so long for you to get my birth certificate,” it says. “I was too busy killing Osama bin Laden.”
The photo probably found your eyeballs through a website called Imgur (pronounced “imager”), a two-year old photo sharing service that's become one of the Internet's most magnetic timesucks – and therefore, one of its largest websites.
In the past month alone, Imgur had over 6 million photos uploaded to it, accounting for 5 billion image views while commanding a hefty 700 terabytes of bandwidth. In the U.S., it has an Alexa web rank of 43 overall, easily beating out more famous establishments like eHow, Groupon and the Wall Street Journal.
The site's massive, if unlikely, success makes its humble beginnings all the more incredible. Imgur was created in the dorm room of then-Ohio University junior Alan Schaaf, who first intended the service for use on Reddit when he launched it in February '09. His total start up cost? Seven dollars for the domain name (he already had hosting on his personal site).
“People would post images from sites like Photobucket and ImageShack,” he says referring to Reddit, the popular link sharing community where he operated under the username MrGrim. “The problem that people were having was that when the image reached the front page, it would receive a couple hundred thousand views, causing the image host to take it down for using too much bandwidth.”
Enter Imgur, whose original iteration stressed function over form. In other words: no tags, no titles or descriptions, and no log ins. Just a simple, user-friendly upload box for posting your pictures.
“It was just a project that I was working on outside of class,” says Schaaf. “It was never supposed to be anything big.”
With page views in the billions, though, big is an incredible understatement.
How to Make a Tree Mural
If the only thing that looks lonelier than your empty wall is your checkbook balance, consider investing a few bucks and a bit of time to create a spectacular tree mural. You don't have to stop with one tree. If you can afford the materials and the time, you've got everything you need to figuratively plant an entire forest in the room of your choosing. Bedroom. Living room. Nursery. There are several ways to paint a tree mural, but the one this article details is the easiest of the bunch. Schedule your metaphorical tree building for a weekend and you'll be able to show it off on Monday. A poet once wrote that only God can make a tree, so you're welcome to call upon Him for moral support as you work your own creative miracles. As a bonus, no watering or fertilizing will ever be required.
There have been a lot of talk and comments recently about the length of the current season in Ibiza and whether a concerted effort should be made to extend and expand it further.
Currently the main season runs roughly from mid May through until mid October (5 months) with the peak of the season being July and August where the island welcomes millions of sun and party seekers to it's shores.
Out of season the island does have a thriving tourism economy, all be it on a much smaller scale and as a result many businesses close during this time as it's simply not profitable enough to open.
Ibiza in winter, which is a odd term in my book, runs from late October until early May (8 months) and is much more relaxed, less intense and a lot quieter than during the summer months.
It is based around the island's culture, walking, cycling and gastronomy and has a much more Spanish feel to it than during the summer season. It's perfect for a few days away when you don't want a much longer flight to a true winter sun destination.
Having a quick look online there are at least 12 hotels / hostels open in San Antonio all year round and a fair few bars and restaurants as well, so it's not as sleepy as many make it out to be. Of course it's not the summer and it has a different feel but some businesses are still open and thriving.
This is the current set-up and it works well in the most part, but some people are calling for Ibiza to be promoted either as an all year round destination or to extend the summer season by another 6 weeks or so (April until late October).
On the For side is the question of money. As the main summer season is so short everyone involved has to earn their living for the whole year in only 5 months or less. This means that whatever they get during this time has to last the whole year and inevitably a lot of people have to rely on Government support to help get them through the winter months.
Less government handouts equals more investment elsewhere across the island in an ideal world.
Getting to the island is much more difficult over the winter with only one flight daily from London which leaves at 09:20am or earlier, meaning any short break involves an extra night in a hotel in London for many of us from the UK or overnight travelling which isn't ideal for a short break.
You can fly via Palma, Madrid or Barcelona to Ibiza but on a short haul flight people question whether it is worth it. It does beg the question though whether the subsidised flights which were in place a few years ago should be reinstated from a UK Midlands and Northern airport to increase visitor numbers a little and expand its appeal to others who wouldn't normally visit the island in the summer.
The infrastructure is in place to maintain a longer season. The hotels and bars could open for longer, more events could be put on, be it music and party based or more cultural. In fact it wouldn't take too much to make it all a reality. Although it has to be said that the sea itself is a little too “fresh” to swim in from late October till late May in our experience.
However, considerations need to be made for the island itself. It is a fragile place and with so many people visiting during the summer months, and with these numbers steadily growing annually, it does need time to recover, for the beaches to not be trampled upon daily by thousands of people, for the sea not be full of boats causing pollution and other environmental concerns.
The flora and fauna needs to re-establish itself to prevent erosion in the inevitable winds and rain of winter. The supply and demand from the water sources, sewage treatment works, electricity production all need maintenance and wouldn't cope with an all year round high tourism model without further significant investment.
A list of the most pressing concerns can be found on the Ibiza Preservation Trust's website here http://www.ibizapreservationfund.org/issues-of-concern/ many of which would be exasperated by mass winter tourism.
But for us, more importantly, is the fact that the people of Ibiza themselves need time to enjoy their island and to recover from the summer season. And here are some quick maths to explain (based on averages before you all shout at me).
A UK average worker:
Works 8 hours a day for 5 days a week for 48 weeks a year, totalling 1,920 hours per year.
(4 weeks removed for bank holidays and annual leave/holiday)
An Ibicenco average worker:
Works at least 12 hours per day 7 days a week for 22 weeks, totalling 1,848 hours over the season.
NOTE: This doesn't include any winter maintenance that has to be undertaken to bars, boats, restaurants etc which would increase these hours worked figure.
So Ibicenco workers work on average 80 hours less (excluding winter maintenance) but compacted to only 5 months as opposed to 12 months of the year. And during these 5 months the Ibicenco workers work extremely hard, rarely seeing their family or having time to enjoy life. Weekends simply do not exist for locals during the summer season and we think that their health and well being has to be brought into the mix.
In our opinion, let's keep it as it is a bustling busy summer holiday destination with a quieter winter season. Yes definitely visit in the winter as well. Promote it a little more and bring back the subsidised flights as there is plenty going on and Ibiza in winter is a beautiful place to visit.
But above all let's get the balance right and not destroy the island and it's way of life by overuse and trying to make it a 24/7, 365 destinations.
President Trump on February 28, 2017 (Getty Images)
There are being numerous anti-Semitic incidents across the country in the past few months, from gravestones at Jewish cemeteries being toppled to bomb threats and hateful graffiti. President Trump is expected to make remarks about them tonight during his presidential address, but he already discussed the situation with a group of state attorneys general earlier today, cryptically telling them that when it comes to reports of anti-Semitism, "sometimes it's the reverse."
Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro shared details with Buzzfeed:
"He just said, 'Sometimes it's the reverse, to make people — or to make others — look bad,' and he used the word 'reverse' I would say two to three times in his comments," Shapiro said. "He did correctly say at the top that it was reprehensible." Asked for further information about the purpose of the president's comments, Shapiro only said, "I really don't know what he means, or why he said that,” adding that Trump said he would be speaking about the issue in his remarks on Tuesday night. Saying that he hoped to see clarification from the president in those remarks, Shapiro added, "It didn't make a whole lot of sense to me.”
Earlier this month, during his press conference Trump was asked about the rise of anti-Semitic incidents and replied, "Some of it written by our opponents You don't think anybody would do a thing like that? Some of the signs you'll see are not put up by the people that love or like Donald Trump. They're put up by the other side. And you think it's, like, playing it straight? No. But you have some of those signs and some of that anger is caused by the other side."
This line of thinking has been reiterated by Trump's surrogates, including Anthony Scaramucci, who Tweeted it earlier today:
It's not yet clear who the #JCC offenders are. Don't forget @TheDemocrats effort to incite violence at Trump rallies https://t.co/uTBFGhI0Kh — Anthony Scaramucci (@Scaramucci) February 28, 2017
This conspiracy theory has also been peddled by Trump supporter (and former KKK Imperial Wizard) David Duke. So Trump is once again in great company, really tremendous, the best people:
President Trump, do you think it might be the Jews themselves making these calls to get sympathy to push their ethnic agenda? @POTUS https://t.co/AgeeTKzzLG — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) February 21, 2017
The White House has yet to comment on Trump's remarks today.
Today, Jonathan Greenblatt, Anti-Defamation League CEO, said, "We are astonished by what the President reportedly said. It is incumbent upon the White House to immediately clarify these remarks. In light of the ongoing attacks on the Jewish community, it is also incumbent upon the President to lay out in his speech tonight his plans for what the federal government will do to address this rash of anti-Semitic incidents."
Speaking of "the reverse," last week, Trump called the series of anti-Semitic threats "horrible," and his daughter Ivanka, who converted to Judaism, denounced the wave of anti-Semitism:
It takes three days to two weeks after a bite for symptoms to come on, but they may then be rapid and overwhelming.
Dr. Petersen described his own 2003 bout with West Nile.
“I was out for a jog, and within one mile I went from feeling normal to where I could barely walk,” he said.
Only about one infection in 150 becomes serious enough for the patient to need hospitalization — usually when the virus gets into the brain and spinal cord. But 10 percent of those hospitalized die, and other patients are left paralyzed, comatose or with serious mental problems. A recent study by doctors in Houston found kidney disease high among survivors.
There is no vaccine, and no drug that specifically targets the virus, so health authorities advise people to avoid getting bitten.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
As of noon Wednesday, Texas had recorded 25 West Nile deaths, Dr. David Lakey, the state's health commissioner, said during the same conference call.
The Dallas area has too many miles of roads to cover with mosquito-killing spray trucks, so the state has spent about $3 million — virtually all from the federal government — flying pesticide spray planes at night, Dr. Lakey said.
It is not clear why this is turning into the worst year nationally since the virus was discovered in New York City in 1999, nor why it is particularly concentrated in the Dallas area, Dr. Petersen said. Hot weather is known to increase transmission, but much of the country has suffered from a heat wave and severe drought has gripped the Midwestern Corn Belt.
Some experts theorize that a wet winter followed by drought creates ideal conditions for the culex mosquitoes that spread the virus. They lay their eggs in dirty, nutrient-filled pools like those left when rivers dry up, and they can survive winters with the virus by hiding in tunnels or sewers. Entomologists from HomeTeam Pest Defense in Dallas have, for example, advised residents not to overwater their lawns, which can create pools of standing water.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The virus now exists everywhere in the contiguous 48 states, and all 48 — except Vermont — have found it in local mosquitoes or birds this year. Birds act as a multiplier for the virus, which is then transmitted by mosquito species that bite both birds and humans.
Generally outbreaks begin in the Southern states and move north with warmer weather. Though much of the country experienced heat waves this year, it is not foreordained that all states will have serious outbreaks.
The spread depends on other factors, including what percentage of birds in an area have never been infected and therefore can become multipliers. (In birds and people, survivors develop lifelong immunity.)
“You can have a lot of cases in one area and not in a place just 100 miles away,” Dr. Petersen said
A new made-in-Manitoba app is improving access to protocols and medical information for Manitoba paramedics.
Winnipeg-based software company, Consultica, developed the app at the request of the Paramedic Association of Manitoba.
"We just thought it was time for us to move into the millennium with some innovative technologies," said Eric Glass, administrative director of the Paramedic Association of Manitoba.
The primary benefit of the new app is its functionality, allowing paramedics to swipe and click from protocol to protocol, said Glass.
"There are 50 or 60 patient care maps, protocols that paramedics currently follow, and some of them will make reference to another protocol. The application has been built so that if that's the case ... it will take you automatically to that other protocol." explained Glass.
The number of patient protocols made for the most challenging part of the application's design, according to Luc Bohunicky, the chief brand officer of Consultica. The company had to take binders full of information designed letter-sized paper and optimize it for a smartphone screen.
"We ended up creating a card-based design which allows paramedics to click on or swipe through information and protocols instead of scrolling endlessly through charts," said Bohunciky.
The mobile app puts frequently used medical information and tools such as a dosage calculator in one place.
It also tells paramedics the location and directions for the nearest hospital, something that is especially useful for rural paramedics.
"It may be an ambulance driving from Winnipeg back to Treherne or back to Brandon or back to Swan River that gets sent to an emergent call because they happen to be the closest unit available, and it may be completely out of the area that they're used to driving or working in," said Glass, adding that the majority of the people who will be accessing the app are rural paramedics.
As of this week, the app is available to 1,600 paramedics in Manitoba. While its purpose is to cover the basics of what paramedics need, there is opportunity for future development, said Bohunicky.
"Winnipeg Regional Health Authority knows and has access to information about hospitals that will say what exactly is the ambulance offload time at each hospital ... All of a sudden that's a powerful indicator in terms of where paramedics take patients," said Bohunicky.
Integrating more real time information into the mobile app would require consultation with regional health authorities, but once the application is up and running, "the sky's the limit," said Glass.
So, I've been drawn into this magic fantasy conference realignment saga like a moth to a magic fantasy conference realignment flame. It's actually more interesting than the season itself. But as a geographer, there has been a missing piece to this drama. Simply put, when the dust settles, what is the landscape of major college football going to look like ... on a map!? Will the new Pac 16 still be "Pac"? Will the Southeastern Conference still be southern? Will the Big 10 stretch from sea to shining sea? Will there even be another super-conference, and if so will it be a calico mottled mess? So I decided to fill in the missing piece. Take a look, and let me know what you think!
Major updates since our last version:
This is our first version, so ... Nebraska bolted the Big 12 for the Big 10 (B1G), Colorado and Utah joined up with the new Pac 12, Texas A&M is headed to the SEC, the ACC reached for permanent super-conference status by adding Syracuse and Pittsburgh. Texas, Texas Tech, Oklahoma, and Oklahoma State are seriously considering application to the Pac whatever. The Southwest Conference is rumored to be going away completely, the WAC is considering expansion to 16 teams, and Tulane decided to leave the SEC. Crazy times are these.
What's next?
Well, Texas and Oklahoma are doing something. Gotta think they're packing up Ok State and Texas Tech and heading out to the new Pac 16. I say, add Baylor and make it an even 17.
Missouri is now, amazingly, in the cat bird's seat. Check 'em out in the middle of everything! I suspect they have an open, informal invitation to the SEC ... but will the B1G (do we call them that?) come in and steal them away?
Is the ACC done expanding for now? Connecticut wants them. Does Rutgers? Or, will Rutgers get wooed by the B1G?
West Virginia wants the SEC desperately, but does the SEC want West Virginia?
Is the ACC actually safe with their new additions? Or will Maryland (possible B1G target) and Virginia Tech (logical SEC fit) head off to greener pastures, setting off heaven knows what kind of chain reaction?
Take a look!
Click to embiggen
Looking forward to your comments and input.
Brian Ward
GISP
A Mexican man whose arms were severely burned by electricity became the first patient in Latin America to receive a double arm transplant, doctors said Thursday.
Gabriel Granados, a 52-year-old father of two whose arms were amputated just below the elbow, received the arms of a 34-year-old shooting victim, said Dr. Martin Iglesias, head of the surgical team that performed the operation.
Granados told a news conference that the transplant was "terrific" and that he has begun to feel his new hands.
"This is wonderful that after being without hands for some time, all of a sudden I see new hands," said Granados, who is an agent in the financial unit of Mexico City's prosecutors' office.
The surgery was in early May, but Granados was discharged from the hospital on Thursday. Doctors said he has recovered well.
Granados' arms were amputated after they were badly burned in January 2011, when he received an electrical shock while giving instructions to a group of construction workers building a fence.
Before the surgery, doctors say they practiced the procedure on corpses.
"This is a very special day for Mexico from a scientific point of view," said Dr. Fernando Gabilondo, director of Mexico City's National Institute of Medical Science and Nutrition Salvador Zubiran, where the surgery was performed.
Mexican doctors say there are other 23 patients waiting for arms transplant although only six could be successfully done.
In Michigan, a 28-year-old Republican state lawmaker is using his lame-duck session to fight for a bill that cost him his reelection in a primary this summer. Rep. Frank Foster is trying to extend the state's civil rights act—which protects people from discrimination on the basis of age, race, religion, sex and weight—to also include sexual orientation. Even though he puts his bill at a 10% chance of passing, he says he has no regrets. “This is important, and if it's not law in 2014, we're still having the conversation,” Foster tells TIME. “Until it's equal, it's not equal.”
On Dec. 3, the commerce committee, of which Foster is the chair, was the site of a heated debate about tolerance and persecution. The public was invited to give testimony on Foster's bill and another bill to amend the civil rights act to include both sexual orientation and gender identity. Supporters of the bills made arguments that passing them wasn't just about protecting another class of citizens but about Michigan's reputation and making the state feel welcoming to the broadest possible array of workers and companies.
One of those testifying in support was Allan Gilmour, a former second-in-command at Ford who made headlines when he came out as gay after his first retirement from the company in 1995. Updating the law, he said, “is necessary if Michigan is to attract and retain talent. And on an individual basis, no one should live in fear that they will lose their job or injure their careers should they live openly.”
Those opposing the bills, largely representatives from Christian groups, argued that the measures threaten to jeopardize religious freedoms, like those of Christian small-business owners who would prefer not to bake a cake or take photographs for a same-sex wedding—and might lose their business license for such a refusal under an amended civil rights law. “Why should that baker or photographer be forced against their religious beliefs and conscience to participate in that? And if they refuse to because of their religious conscience, to be put out of business?” said David Kallman, speaking on behalf of Michigan Family Forum, a conservative Christian organization. Multiple speakers also argued that there was no hard data showing that LGBT discrimination was a problem that needing solving. (There are reports on the issue and more research is being done on the topic.)
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
After giving his own testimony, Foster oversaw the meeting stoically, with one exception. Stacy Swimp, President of the National Christian Leadership Council, gave a speech about how he was “rather offended” that anyone would equate lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender Americans to black Americans when it came to fights for civil rights. “They have never had to drink out of a LGBT water fountain,” he said, recounting that black Americans had been lynched and denied many basic rights in the past. He called any comparison “intellectually empty, dishonest” and accused the LGBT community of exploiting the struggles of black Americans.
Once he finished, Foster pulled his own microphone toward him. “Sir, I will agree with you on the fact that African Americans in this country's short history have been discriminated against,” he said. “But if you don't think the LGBT community has been discriminated against, been drug behind cars, been hung up by their necks til they're dead, been denied housing, been denied commerce opportunities, then you're just not looking very far.”
It was an impassioned speech from a native Michigander who never met a homosexual person until going to college at Grand Valley State University. Foster grew up in the tiny town of Pellston (pop. 831) in the midst of his current district, which spans the water where the state's upper and lower peninsulas nearly meet. It's an area known for fishing and hunting and tourism on islands like Mackinac, whose residents are also among his constituents. It's also socially conservative.
By the time he finished his degree at Grand Valley State, Foster had been elected student body president, twice. He had organized rallies and marches against an amendment to ban affirmative action (which eventually passed by a nearly 20-point margin in 2006). He had accompanied administrators to Washington, D.C., to argue for better higher education funding. And he had worked to get gender identity added to non-discrimination policies in the student and faculty handbooks. “That was really the first time I socialized with people of different ethnic backgrounds and different races,” he says. “College was the way it was supposed to be for me.” He won his first race for a seat in the state House of Representatives in 2010, with 63% of the vote, and became one of only two freshmen to be appointed committee chairs.
After Foster was reelected in 2012, a Democratic colleague approached him about helping to support a non-discrimination bill. Like many people—one poll put the number at 87%—Foster assumed it was already illegal to fire someone for their sexual orientation, though there is no federal protection and only 21 states have passed such a law (18 of those, and D.C.'s, also include gender identity). Eventually, Foster and his colleague decided it would be more powerful if the Republican didn't just co-sponsor the bill but introduced it. “I had no idea we did not have those folks included in Michigan's civil rights act. When I found that out, it became a passion of mine,” he says, adding that he thought “as a young Republican, I could communicate to my colleagues and the party where we needed to go.”
Before Foster got around to actually introducing a bill, word got out that he planned to and he did interview that confirmed people's suspicions. In late 2013, Foster also called for the resignation of his Republican colleague Dave Agema, who caused an uproar after posting an article on Facebook that decried the “filthy” homosexual lifestyle. Agema was among those who encouraged a teacher at a Christian academy—who was considering running for Foster's seat when he hit his term limit in 2016—to run against Foster in 2014 instead. Foster says his opponent, Lee Chatfield, gave him a deadline to publicly come out against legislation that would amend the civil rights act. “I wasn't able to make that deadline, didn't want to make that deadline,” says Foster. “So he filed in January and made this the center point of the campaign.” Foster lost by less than 1,000 votes in the primary against Chatfield, who had support from the Tea Party.
That loss not only cost Foster his job, but hurt his chances of getting the bill passed. The prospects had been looking good. He and other supporters of the bill had been rallying support among his fellow Republicans and gained the backing of the Michigan Competitive Workforce Coalition, a group with big-name members like Chrysler, Delta Air Lines, Google and Kellogg that formed to support the legislation. “After my election, they slowly faded away,” Foster says of his GOP colleagues. “It was a pretty successful, religious-mounted campaign that beat me, and if that can happen in my community, that can happen anywhere.”
Foster says he'd like to see a bill pass that includes both sexual orientation and gender identity but had limited his to the former thinking that it would have a better chance of passing. When Michigan's civil rights act was proposed in the 1970s—named Elliott-Larsen for the lawmakers who championed it—the inclusion of sexual orientation threatened to kill the bill, so it was removed. “Forty years later, here we are still trying to add sexual orientation, and it's the transgender piece that was slowing the bill down,” Foster says. He also knows that by compromising, he may lose the support of Democrats. “Democrats are not going to vote for anything less than fully inclusive, and Republicans will not vote for fully inclusive,” he says. “So, in my mind, we're sort of stuck.”
After winning his reelection, Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder, a Republican, sat down with the Detroit Free Press and its editorial board reported that “he will encourage the Legislature to take up an expansion of the Elliott Larsen Civil Rights Act to also include the LGBT community, prohibiting discrimination in hiring and housing decisions.” Foster is somewhat hanging his hopes on that report. “He can add some muscle to the argument and help me get this thing across the line,” Foster says. For now, both bills remain in the commerce committee. After potentially being voted out, a bill still has to win a floor vote in the House before repeating the process in the Senate.
Regardless of what happens, Foster is going home at the end of the session. He'll work full time at Rehabitat Systems, a company which provides long-term care to people with traumatic brain and spinal-cord injuries, where he's currently an executive officer. Right now, he's frustrated with where the two-party system has gotten him. “I don't want to necessarily be in the box anymore, where if I'm Republican it means I'm x, y and z,” he says. “The rest of my demographic, the 20-somethings, don't think that way.”
But he says he'd like to have another go at being a Republican politician down the line, especially because their fiscal policies resonate so strongly with him. “There needs to be some more time,” Foster says. “My party has to change some of its social stances. And if that can happen, I think I'll become more appealing to the party and vice versa.”
Write to Katy Steinmetz at katy.steinmetz@time.com.
Fetal hemoglobin protein structure, formed by 2 alpha subunits (top) and two gamma subunits (bottom), as well as their four heme groups. Each polypeptide chain (ribbon) is rainbow-colored from blue to red (N- to C-termini)
Fetal hemoglobin, or foetal haemoglobin, (also hemoglobin F, HbF, or α 2 γ 2 ) is the main oxygen transport protein in the human fetus during the last seven months of development in the uterus and persists in the newborn until roughly 2-4 months old. Functionally, fetal hemoglobin differs most from adult hemoglobin in that it is able to bind oxygen with greater affinity than the adult form, giving the developing fetus better access to oxygen from the mother's bloodstream.
In newborns, fetal hemoglobin is nearly completely replaced by adult hemoglobin by approximately 6 months postnatally, except in a few thalassemia cases in which there may be a delay in cessation of HbF production until 3–5 years of age. In adults, fetal hemoglobin production can be reactivated pharmacologically,[1] which is useful in the treatment of diseases such as sickle-cell disease.
Overview [ edit ]
The oxygen saturation curve for fetal hemoglobin (blue) appears left-shifted when compared to adult hemoglobin (red) since fetal hemoglobin has a greater affinity for oxygen.
Oxygenated blood is delivered to the fetus via the umbilical vein from the placenta, which is anchored to the wall of the mother's uterus. The chorion acts as a barrier between the maternal and fetal circulation so that there is no admixture of maternal and fetal blood. Blood in the maternal circulation is delivered via open ended arterioles to the intervillous space of the chorionic plate, where it bathes the chorionic villi that carry umbilical capillary beds, thereby allowing gas exchange to occur between the maternal and fetal circulation. Deoxygenated maternal blood drains into open ended intervillous venules to return to maternal circulation. Due to the admixture of oxygenated and deoxygenated blood, maternal blood in the intervillous space is lower in oxygen than arterial blood. As such, fetal hemoglobin must be able to bind oxygen with greater affinity than adult hemoglobin in order to compensate for the relatively lower oxygen tension of the maternal blood supplying the chorion.
Fetal hemoglobin's affinity for oxygen is substantially greater than that of adult hemoglobin. Notably, the P50 value for fetal hemoglobin is lower than adult hemoglobin (i.e., the partial pressure of oxygen at which the protein is 50% saturated; lower values indicate greater affinity). The P50 of fetal hemoglobin is roughly 19 mmHg, whereas adult hemoglobin is approximately 26.8 mmHg. As a result, the "oxygen saturation curve", which plots percent saturation vs. pO 2 , is left-shifted for fetal hemoglobin as compared to adult hemoglobin.
This greater affinity for oxygen is explained by the lack of fetal hemoglobin's interaction with 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate (2,3-BPG or 2,3-DPG). In adult red blood cells, this substance decreases the affinity of hemoglobin for oxygen. 2,3-BPG is also present in fetal red blood cells, but interacts less efficiently with fetal hemoglobin than adult hemoglobin. This is due to a change in a single amino acid (residue 143) found in the 2,3-BPG 'binding pocket': from histidine to serine, which gives rise to the greater oxygen affinity.
Whereas histidine is positively charged and interacts well with the negative charges found on the surface of 2,3-BPG, Serine has a neutrally charged side chain at physiological pH, and interacts less well. This change results in less binding of 2,3-BPG to fetal Hb, and as a result oxygen will bind to it with higher affinity than adult hemoglobin.[2]
For mothers to deliver oxygen to a fetus, it is necessary for the fetal hemoglobin to extract oxygen from the maternal oxygenated hemoglobin across the placenta. The higher oxygen affinity required for fetal hemoglobin is achieved by the protein subunit γ (gamma), instead of the β (beta) subunit. Because the γ subunit has fewer positive charges than the (adult) β subunit, 2,3-BPG is less electrostatically bound to fetal hemoglobin compared to adult hemoglobin. This lowered affinity allows for adult hemoglobin (maternal hemoglobin) to readily transfer its oxygen to the fetal bloodstream.
Distribution [ edit ]
After the first 10 to 12 weeks of development, the fetus' primary form of hemoglobin switches from embryonic hemoglobin to fetal hemoglobin. At birth, fetal hemoglobin comprises 50-95% of the infant's hemoglobin. These levels decline after six months as adult hemoglobin synthesis is activated while fetal hemoglobin synthesis is deactivated. Soon after, adult hemoglobin (hemoglobin A in particular) takes over as the predominant form of hemoglobin in normal children. However HbF has been traced even in adults' blood (< 1% of all hemoglobin).[3]
Certain genetic abnormalities can cause the switch to adult hemoglobin synthesis to fail, resulting in a condition known as hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin (HPFH).
Structure and genetics [ edit ]
Most types of normal hemoglobin, including hemoglobin A, hemoglobin A2, as well as hemoglobin F, are tetramers composed of four protein subunits and four heme prosthetic groups. Whereas adult hemoglobin is composed of two α (alpha) and two β (beta) subunits, fetal hemoglobin is composed of two α subunits and two γ (gamma) subunits, and is commonly denoted as α 2 γ 2 . Because of its presence in fetal hemoglobin, the γ subunit is commonly called the "fetal" hemoglobin subunit.
In humans, the gamma subunit is encoded on chromosome 11, as is the beta subunit. There are two similar copies of the gamma subunit gene: γG which has a glycine at position 136, and γA which has an alanine. The gene that codes for the alpha subunit is located on chromosome 16 and is also present in duplicate.
Clinical significance [ edit ]
Treatment of sickle-cell disease [ edit ]
Increasing the body's production of fetal hemoglobin is used as a strategy to treat sickle-cell disease
When fetal hemoglobin production is switched off after birth, normal children begin producing adult hemoglobin (HbA). Children with sickle-cell disease instead begin producing a defective form of hemoglobin called hemoglobin S which aggregates together and forms filaments that cause red blood cells to change their shape from round to sickle-shaped. These defective red blood cells have a greater tendency to stack on top of one another and block blood vessels. These invariably lead to so-called painful vaso-occlusive episodes, which are a hallmark of the disease.
If fetal hemoglobin remains the predominant form of hemoglobin after birth, the number of painful episodes decreases in patients with sickle-cell disease. Hydroxyurea promotes the production of fetal hemoglobin and can thus be used to treat sickle-cell disease.[1][4] The fetal hemoglobin's reduction in the severity of the disease comes from its ability to inhibit the formation of hemoglobin aggregates within red blood cells which also contain hemoglobin S. Combination therapy with hydroxyurea and recombinant erythropoietin—rather than treatment with hydroxyurea alone—has been shown to further elevate hemoglobin F levels and to promote the development of HbF-containing F-cells.[5]
This is Simone's third season of the Challenge, her first two having been Exes 2 and Rivals 3. In those 2 seasons, 3 things have been noticed: #1 who is she and where is she from? #2 this girl is an annoying camera whore! #3 she's also a terrible physical competitor.
When the cast was being revealed by the Vevmo team, they were having trouble pinpointing the final girl on the cast. It seemed as if they were trying to find anyone except for Simone. Simone was viewed as it is probably her girl, but let's play around for a little bit and hope it's not. Names that were tossed around: Jonna, Tina, Averey (even though people knew she wasn't going), Ibis, KellyAnne, etc. Here were are with Simone, and now I have to write about her.
Simone's feeder season is the original Are You The One?, where she was paired with JJ, the Napoleon Dynamite / Shaggy (Scooby Doo) looking guy. JJ was a stand up comedian and all around dork. They were the least athletic pair by far and proved it by consistently doing poorly in Challenge. It took them until there was a Challenge that involved athleticism for them to finish in last. Her and JJ lost in an eating elimination against Adam and Brittany. Simone was famous for the brownie betting competition when Brittany bet that Adam could eat 4 brownies, Simone replied that JJ could eat 3 brownies. My faith in humanity and the US education system was crushed in that moment.
From there, they actually went on to win an exile against Dustin and Jessica, where JJ was able to figure out a puzzle first. They then had a physical exile with Bananas and Nany, which meant a quick loss. Her second season, she was paired with Thomas for Rivals 3 based on a not aired scene where she threw 15 drinks in his face during a drinking game. Their biggest achievement was not finishing in last in a Challenge,which did not matter much as many teams quit or DQ'd during Rivals 3, including them, quitting due to a medical emergency with Thomas's girlfriend.
I am not very hyped to see Simone as she is not a good competitor, not the most beautiful competitor, not funny, and not very interesting to say the least. She did have a hilarious crush on Wes, and she did have the phrase: “the power of the vajayjay to sway sway.”
Now here's a review of Simone as a competitor, as well as her social media handles for reference:
Skills & Physical Strength: Let's get this out of the way, she's not an athlete. She is around 5'1 and not a gym rat. A non-threat physically. So let's talk about something she cares about more, her looks. The first time I ever encountered Simone, she talked about waking up early sucks as it takes her a while to create the perfection that is her make-up. I was not a big fan of her fashion and aesthetic choices then. However, after watching her on AYTO after-show and checking up on her recent social images, her weaves, her hair, and style have all made major improvements and complement her face a ton. Looking good, Simone.
Social & Mental Game: We already talked about Simone's intelligence with the brownie comment. She's a sweet girl who comes up with some decent catchy lines in confessionals. Books are not her strong suit though.
In terms of social and political alliances, she needs to hope for the AYTO people to be on her side. Except with growing feeling of the AYTO stigma going away, it feels that bond of being from AYTO is going away. On Rivals 3, she seemed close with Amanda, hopefully that sticks.
Eliminations: She is 0–1 in eliminations. We have not seen her get physical ever in one. Maybe she has a crazy switch in her that will tackle some one down and go rabid, like Abram.
Final Potential & Endurance: Simone is there to promote herself, get more followers, and jump-start her acting career. I can only see keeping her around as a lay-up as a way to make the final.
Final Score: 48/100
President Barack Obama hasn't yet agreed to speak at UC Irvine's 2014 commencement, but the latest step in the campaign to woo him to the school is sparking a backlash.
As of Monday, 1,600 students and parents signed a change.org petition admonishing UCI administrators for not alerting them of plans to hold a mass commencement ceremony at Angel Stadium of Anaheim at a cost of about $2 million.
Though UCI has been publicly courting Obama for nearly a year, and the school has collected thousands of letters and postcards from students who want Obama to speak at the graduation ceremony, the school only recently cemented a plan to consolidate graduation ceremonies at Angel Stadium on June 14, whether Obama speaks or not. Cathy Lawhon, a UCI spokeswoman, said the single commencement ceremony will kick off UCI's 50th anniversary celebration.
Traditionally, UCI holds a handful of smaller commencement ceremonies, one for each of the university's colleges. This is partly because the largest venue on campus holds 6,000 people or a few thousand people less than the number of graduates in recent years.
About 8,000 students are expected to graduate from UCI this spring. If each student gets just two tickets for family members, a single ceremony would require a venue with at least 24,000 seats.
A few days ago, the school's commencement website was updated to show that all graduation ceremonies originally slated for June 15 and June 16 are being canceled in favor of the combined June 14 ceremony at Angel Stadium, a day when the Angels are slated to play in Atlanta.
But some students and parents said they have already sent out invitations for the original dates. Others have booked flights from other states and countries. Petition signers also are unhappy because, they worry, the ceremony will now take five hours if each graduate's name is called. The alternative, they fear, is that students won't be able to “walk.”
“Administration simply made the change without any community input,” says Alex Liao, an international studies student and impending graduate. “While we appreciate our administration's endeavor to get President Obama to speak at commencement, they have removed the specialness and meaning of our commencement.”
Liao says they are not demanding that the stadium ceremony be canceled, just that the smaller ceremonies be reinstated.
“The rapid change in the short period before graduation has come as a huge shock,” reads the change.org petition, which was penned by biological sciences major Ruchi Bal. “Many students and their families have already made travel plans, taken time off, and booked flights and hotels for the dates given to us at the GradExpo.”
University officials are aware of the dissension.
“We understand that students and their families may have already made plans that are upset by this change and we are working to minimize those impacts and make this a memorable and family-friendly event,” Lawhon said.
Students who have already paid to have invitations made can contact the school for refunds.
Lawhon says students also will get five additional tickets for guests since the stadium holds 44,000 people. Although the final price for the stadium rental has not been hammered out, Lawhon said, a good estimate of what UCI expects to spend is $2 million.
Stadium official Sam Maida confirmed that a contract has been drafted but said they have not yet received a deposit from UCI.
Many schools ask Obama to speak at their graduation, and there is no indication yet if Obama will speak at UCI. The campaign to bring Obama to UCI began last spring with an invitation to the White House, and a letter-writing campaign kicked off at homecoming this past fall.
On March 4, Dr. Thomas Parham, vice chancellor for student affairs, will fly to the nation's capitol and personally deliver more than 10,000 letters and postcards from students and alumni to Obama's scheduler's office. He also will drop off a videotaped invite from UCI basketball star Mamadou Ndiaye.
Standing 7-foot-6, Ndiaye is the tallest collegiate basketball player in the nation and a popular presence on campus. And of course Obama is a hoops fan who played on his high school varsity team.
UCI has been told to expect a reply by April.
Student Body President Nicole Hisatomi said Monday that plenty of students are excited about the prospect of a sitting president coming to UCI, which hasn't happened at the school since Lyndon B. Johnson showed up for the groundbreaking 50 years ago.
“I mean it's the president of the United States coming to campus,” said Hisatomi, who helped with the postcard drive. “That would be pretty cool if it happened.”
At the same time, she says she understands families who have waited four years to hear their child's name called.
“They just don't want the president's arrival to overshadow their own individual achievement,” she said. “We're hoping that with the right words and the right effort we can get the smaller ceremonies reinstated.”
Contact the writer: 714-932-1705 or lbasheda@ocregister.com
A Reader Responds: Evil Is As Evil Does
“The principle that the majority have a right to rule the minority, practically resolves all government into a mere contest between two bodies of men, as to which of them shall be masters, and which of them slaves; a contest, that — however bloody — can, in the nature of things, never be finally closed, so long as man refuses to be a slave.”
-Lysander Spooner
Publisher's Note: I have some very bright readers and some of the responses I get are incisive and pack a powerful intellectual punch. I had the pleasure of meeting Roy at the Freedom Summit in Arizona in December 2010. We have since corresponded and found a mutual interest in privatizing the planet. One of my friends penned a recent essay on the Constitution that drew ire from the usual suspects but also the reflection by Roy.
The Constitution is Evil Incarnate But What Can We Do? by Lee
It is instructive to see that we are pressing the edge of the envelope in acceptable speech on governance and, most important, starting to see the cracks appear in the once almost impenetrable facade of Constitution worship that has permeated the dialog Left to Right in these united States.
These are paradigm shifts and you, dear reader, are at the cutting edge of the greatest revolution in human affairs…ever. The complete rejection of the state and all of its authority; not in the fantastical fashion of Marxian historical illiteracy or the libertarian pipe-dream of limited government but the wholesale rejection of the very idea that your life can be ultimately taken or forfeit for failure to obey watchers who are caging and restricting you for your own good. Freedom has consequences and the state despises ALL of them.
Roy Fox continues:
I find it somewhat humorous and ironic to find comment[ators] on a website entitled Zero Gov defending the concept of government at all, even the false advertised version embodied in the US Constitution. But it's good to hear those comments, because the last thing voluntaryists should be doing is wasting their time preaching to the choir. Besides, just about every one of us zero gov “extremists” have been there at one point in our lives. But we hope that everyone who believes in libertarian principles will continue to follow them to their natural conclusion, which is anarchy. What it all boils down to is–are your principles strongly enough grounded to allow you to take a leap of faith in your fellow humans? After all, for you to enjoy freedom, you must allow everyone else to enjoy freedom.
With all due respect to the defenders of that “sacred writ”, George Bush was correct when he (allegedly) said that it was nothing more than a G-D piece of paper. There is no such thing as “We the People”. That is a fiction, a mental construct. There are only individuals. There is no “social contract”, since legal contracts are mutually agreed to between two or more people, with due consideration and a full and complete understanding of what goods or services are being exchanged. One cannot bind others to a contract without their consent. And one cannot bind future generations to a contract without their consent. The idea of “collectively” spending money and leaving a debt burden on children and future unborn generations is one of the most immoral concepts ever conceived by the human mind.
Really, there is no “government”, that is only a fiction as well. There are only individual people who make decisions or take actions based on false beliefs that a piece of paper:
gives them authority to initiate the use force on their fellow human beings and call it “law enforcement” instead of assault
allows them to take the property of others and call it “taxation” instead of robbery.
allows them to kill people in faraway lands and call it “war” or “police action” instead of murder
empowers them to put people in cages for violating arbitrary rules with no identifiable victim and call it “justice” instead of kidnapping and slavery
authorizes them to interfere with free and peaceful trade between individuals and call it regulations”, “treaties”, “legal tender laws” or a hundred other euphemisms
grants them the moral authority to teach these lies and other falsehoods to your children and call it “education”
Since each of us has grown up in a world where “government” is assumed to be a universal truth, it is difficult for us to see what life would be like in its absence. Now if one researches, there are many brilliant authors and lecturers who have proposed free market solutions to roads, education, charity, justice, environmental protection and even military defense. But how things would sort out in a world without belief in government is irrelevant. Those of us who believe that civilized life can exist on a voluntary basis are under no obligation to prove how society will operate in an environment of complete liberty. It's not even possible. Only a truly free market can determine that, and we have never experienced a truly free market in our lifetime. If enough people come to understand the most basic principle that the initiation of force against their fellow human beings is always morally wrong, then we'll evolve into a healthy civilization grounded on true freedom. If we continue down the path of accepting that “government” is a “necessary evil”, then we will continue down the de-evolutionary path toward a totalitarian police state that we are currently on. When one begins to see the horrific consequences of this false belief in the Constitution, is it really hyperbole to call it “evil incarnate”?
Be prepared, abolition will never get you invited to the most popular parties…
“No attempt or pretence [sic], that was ever carried into practical operation amongst civilized men — unless possibly the pretence of a “Divine Right,” on the part of some, to govern and enslave others — embodied so much of shameless absurdity, falsehood, impudence, robbery, usurpation, tyranny, and villainy of every kind, as the attempt or pretence of establishing a government by consent, and getting the actual consent of only so many as may be necessary to keep the rest in subjection by force. Such a government is a mere conspiracy of the strong against the weak. It no more rests on consent than does the worst government on earth.”
-Lysander Spooner
Copyright © 2011 by zerogov.com
Koei Tecmo and Team Ninja have released a new set of Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 details and screenshots introducing the game's Event Paradise mode, Owner Shop, and Casino.
Get the information below.
■ System
Event Paradise
A viewing mode where you can choose your favorite events. Look back on the events and happenings that make up the important memories of your vacation at any time via “Event Paradise.” (This mode is will unlock as you play through the game.)
From your arrival on the island until the end of the vacation, sometimes there will be unexpected events that you may want to look back on.
Similar to “Gravure Paradise,” you can set your favorite costumes, looseness, degree of suntan, wetness, and hairdo.
Owner Shop
In the Owner-exclusive shop, you can purchase special items such as the series' familiar legendary swimsuits, “Fortune” and “Venus.”
There is also the “Secret Ticket,” which is only sold to VIPs who spend a lot of time playing at the casino. This absolutely secret ticket seems to be your entry to some sort of special dance viewing…
■ Casino
Blackjack
The familiar card game where you need to get 21 or be the closest to 21 to win. It also adopts full-fledged rules like Split and Insurance.
Poker
The card game where the player with the highest hand, be it a flush, straight, and so on, is the winner.
Roulette
A game of American Roulette using the basic “00” rules. Place a bet on “Even,” “Odd,” “Red,” or “Black” within the time limit.
Inflexion in my career
Getting a dream job
Throughout my professional career, I strove to find a job which would let me contribute to free software I cared of. One year and a half ago, I was lucky to be hired by Canonical as a Qt and KDE developer. Back then, it felt like the best possible position for me. A few months later, however, I started to feel a bit frustrated. Sure I was working on KDE, doing some interesting work, but there was (and there still is) so many things in KDE and in Kubuntu I wanted to improve, yet my job was not to do that.
It took me a bit of time (I am somewhat slow) to realize I was not really hired to improve KDE or Kubuntu, I was hired to ensure the changes my team (the Desktop Experience Team) implements on the desktop also work with Qt/KDE applications. My job is to ensure Qt/KDE applications integrate well in the Ubuntu desktop. Luckily I have not been strictly limited to working on applications though: I implemented KDE Plasma equivalents of the most important Ubuntu desktop changes such as the Message Indicator Plasma widget and the Menubar Plasma Widget.
Wanting more
I could have considered myself lucky for getting this job: there aren't that many work-from-home, KDE-based job opportunities out there. Yet the amount of ideas I had in mind for KDE and other free software projects continued to grow, with no chance of ever turning them into reality. I decided to do something about it. Starting this month, I will be working for Canonical four days a week instead of five, keeping one day to work on what matters to me.
Of course this comes at a cost which I am planning to partly cover through three means:
I created a Support my work on free software page. If you like my work and would like to support me, head other there.
I wrote a few articles for the French Linux press in the past and plan to write more. If you are interested in an article from me, get in touch.
I have a web-based project in my mind which hopefully should bring a bit of money in when it's done. The project is going to be in French and not related to free software though.
I do not expect to cover the full salary reduction: my goal is not to trade one day of salary for one day of freelancing. If things turn out wrong, I should be able to get back to working five days a week for Canonical, so it's not too risky.
Anti-Troll material
Some may argue Canonical could do like other companies such as Google, 3M or Atlassian, which let their engineers spend a percentage of their week on personal projects. I think this is a great idea, but it probably wouldn't help in my situation: these personal projects usually must be approved by their managers and must end up benefiting the company. Like it or not, Canonical focus is on GNOME. Improving KDE would not be very useful for the company.
By taking this day out for myself, I want to get the freedom to work independently from any business model, hopefully without ending up starving (this is partly up to you!).
REBOL to become open source Carl Sassenrath, CTO
REBOL Technologies
25-Sep-2012 8:05 GMT
Article #0511
Main page || Index || Prior Article [0510] || Next Article [0512] || 198 Comments || Send feedback Update: R3 source has been released. The source repository is: https://github.com/rebol/r3 - as official releases are made, they'll be posted to rebol.com website. The time has come for REBOL to be released as open source. This is the only way I can see it regaining some degree of momentum and renewed interest -- not just within our REBOL community, but for many yet-to-be users who possess the curiosity or motivation to learn new and powerful programming concepts and techniques. Here's my proposal The R3 source code will be released under GPL 2 (most likely - still open to discussion.) The official source release distribution (rel-src) will be made available from the REBOL.com site. Developmental sources (dev-src) will be available on GitHub (or a similar service.) From time to time the dev-src will be reviewed, selected, debugged, polished, and integrated into rel-src releases. A small group of REBOL Masters (maybe three for now) will be in charge of such rel-src review, selection, revising, debugging, integration etc. as well as develop or encourage the development of new features, ports to new platforms, optimizations, etc. My role will be to advise and guide such decisions to keep REBOL consistent with its principles, and I will hold the final power of veto, in cases where that becomes necessary. What I ask in return If this proposal seems acceptable, there's one thing I ask in return. That those of you who wish to influence and extend the design of REBOL do so with a full understanding of its principles. REBOL is not like other languages, and you will soon discover that REBOL source is not like other source. Architecture and design are important. Although it is unrealistic to assume we can filter/fix all impurities that might come about in an open environment, we should all strive to minimize the degradation that comes about by seeking an easy solution over the proper and well designed form of such a solution. Even the naming of each symbol, function, and datatype is worthy of thoughtful consideration. That is how I've always treated it. In the end a language or system should help developers make their programming tasks easier and their products more timely, affordable, manageable, and agile. Too often, it becomes the opposite. Let's always keep that in mind. What's next? So... this is it. Once R3 is released our course becomes irreversible. We'll all start paddling our canoes like mad in a small but rapid river... but one which I sincerely hope will carry us to a much larger ocean. Please offer your comments and advice on any of the above. This is the final call. If you posted a comment on the prior blog that you want me to review again, please note its date and time. I'll go back and take a look. My schedule is to finish this up next weekend and make the release by October 1st. 198 Comments
A substantially updated version of the hypertextbook is available here . Please migrate to that version. This one will eventually disappear.
Construction of a Winogradsky Column
Subject Area(s) microbiology Intended Audience
high school biology, independent study/science fair, introductory undergraduate microbiology, advanced college level microbiology. Type Laboratory Exercise Revision Date April 11, 2008
CONTENT
Sergei Winogradsky (1856-1953) was among the first microbiologists to investigate the organisms found in complex biofilm communities, and provided some of the first descriptions of sulfur, iron and nitrogen metabolizing bacteria as well as those bacteria involved in cellulose decomposition.
Working in the late decades of the last century, Winogradsky was a pioneer in selective enrichment techniques. One of the strategies that he employed to isolate organisms from nature was a miniature model pond cross-section which has since been called a Winogradsky column.
Figure 1. Photo taken from a flat plate Winogradsky column, courtesy of Michael Cox, Anaerobe Systems, San Jose, CA. See Anaerobe Systems: http://www.anaerobesystems.com
PREREQUISITES
INSTRUCTIONAL OBJECTIVE
MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT
Quantity Description As Necessary a source of soil or mud
As Necessary a source of water (same source as the mud or other, tap water although it contains a residue of chlorine has been used successfully) .
As Necessary rubber or vinyl gloves
As Necessary metal or plastic pans for mixing mud with other ingredients
As Necessary spatulas
As Necessary sources of carbon (i.e. some, such as calcium carbonate and chalk are rapidly metabolized while others such as shredded paper and saw dust are metabolized more slowly)
As Necessary sources of sulfur (e.g. elemental sulfur, sodium sulfate, raw or hard boiled eggs, sodium sulfide)
As Necessary a bottle (2 liter soda bottle) or other tall, clear container (wide mouth containers are preferable).
INSTRUCTIONAL PROCEDURES
Figure 2. Students collecting mud from a lake in Prince Gallitzen State Park, Cambria Co. PA.
Figure 3. Here the students are building a column in a 20 L carboy.
The student should be able to define the term biofilm and distinguish between planktonic and biofilm associated cells. They should be able to distinguish between chemoautotrophic and photoautotrophic bacteria and have a basic understanding of photosynthesis.On completion of this exercise, the student should be able to describe the construction of a Winogradsky column and explain how this simulates a model pond ecosystem. They should also be able to explain the environmental factors extant within each portion of the column and describe the sorts of bacteria capable of growing in each zone.The column is constructed in a tall clear glass or plastic container. Tall wide mouth bottles are probably best, but 2 L soda bottles are easy to obtain in large numbers and will serve the purpose. Virtually any roughly cylindrical container will serve, even vessels as diverse as olive jars, wine bottles and twenty-liter carboys. The column is constructed in a tall clear glass or plastic container. Tall wide mouth bottles are probably best, but 2 L soda bottles are easy to obtain in large numbers and will serve the purpose. Virtually any roughly cylindrical container will serve, even vessels as diverse as olive jars, wine bottles and twenty-liter carboys. The column is constructed in a tall clear glass or plastic container. Tall wide mouth bottles are probably best, but 2 L soda bottles are easy to obtain in large numbers and will serve the purpose. Virtually any roughly cylindrical container will serve, even vessels as diverse as olive jars, wine bottles and twenty-liter carboys.The column is packed with soil or mud from virtually any source and water from the same or a different source. If at all possible, the students should collect their own mud and water from a local lake or pond, so that they have a sense of the natural habitat from which these materials were obtained.Mud or soil can be collected at any time of year. Pond mud collected through the ice in the middle of winter has produced beautiful columns. Stones and sticks should be removed by screening or by hand. Water may be collected from the same source but distilled water or tap water will also serve.
To these natural components, the student will add supplemental carbon and sulfur. These may be either slowly or rapidly utilized materials and student are encouraged to use their own imagination in selecting carbon and sulfur sources.
Above the soil is a layer of water representing the pond itself, and the column is usually covered (but not sealed), to retard evaporation. Any commercial plastic wrap works well. Secure the plastic wrap with a rubber band. A slit or two should be placed in the wrap to permit gas exchange. The entire column is then illuminated to encourage the growth of phototrophs. The columns should be placed in a well ventilated area because they can smell until they stabilize. The resulting growth of microorganisms can be quite spectacular and colorful. The light source can be a matter for student discussion. Natural or tungsten light sources will work, although the different spectra of each will affect the nature of the bacteria selected.
The most obvious inhabitants of the column are aerobic and anaerobic phototrophs, but a vast array of heterotrophs is also found. The routine presence of methanogens makes this a useful exercise in expanding the microbial diversity of the introductory microbiology laboratory.
There are also flat plate Winogradsky columns which provide large surface areas for biofilms to develop and are excellent for photographic record keeping See: http://www.anaerobesystems.com.
The detailed procedure for the construction of the Winogradsky column may be found in the student instructions available at Detailed instructions for students under Attachments.
Mix the mud/soil with the desired carbon and sulfur sources. SAFETY NOTE: There is no easy way to determine if the mud students collect is contaminated with sewage, farm waste, heavy metals or other toxic materials. Have your students wear latex or vinyl gloves when mixing materials and packing the column.
Add some water to the container and add the soil mix a little at a time using a glass rod or stick to pack the material in the bottom of the column. Air bubbles should be excluded as much as possible, although any oxygen remaining trapped in the mud is probably consumed by facultative organisms very rapidly. Possible carbon sources: Vegetable materials such as shredded hay or newspaper, grass clippings, sawdust, corn starch, or oatmeal, will work fine. Use your imagination. These materials release carbon relatively slowly. Fast release carbon sources include sodium carbonate, sodium bicarbonate and calcium carbonate. Possible sulfur sources: Once again use your imagination. Elemental sulfur, calcium sulfate, magnesium sulfate, raw or hard-boiled eggs, and cheese have all been used with success.
Continue to add water and soil, making a slurry until the column is about three fourths full.
Use a wash bottle to rinse excess mud from the container above the soil level and then add additional water to produce a water column (the pond). Leave some airspace above the surface of the water and cover the column with plastic wrap or parafilm. Be sure to cut a slit or two in the plastic wrap or parafilm to permit gas exchange.
Place the column near a window or tungsten lamp. Check to make sure that the column is not heated too much by the light. The temperature of the column should not be much above room temperature.
Column structure and physiology:
Figure 4. The column contains at least two steep gradients (oxygen and hydrogen sulfide).
The water column at the surface is in contact with the atmosphere and is therefore aerobic but it becomes increasingly anaerobic with depth. The surface layer of the column may produce an aerobic liquid air biofilm (pellicle) that can be sampled by dipping a coverslip into the column and lifting a portion of the film from the water.
In the highly anaerobic base of the column, decomposition and the activity of sulfate reducing bacteria results in the production of hydrogen sulfide gas. This hydrogen sulfide gradient decreases toward the top of the column. These two gradients (oxygen and hydrogen sulfide) acting in opposite directions, create a continuous range of habitats selective for a variety of microorganisms.
Figure 5. The column is illuminated by sunlight or by tungsten bulbs. In a perfectly uniform column one might expect a variety of photoautotrophs to be stratified in specific zones within the column, but such uniformity is rarely observed.
Typically the lower portions of the column are colonized by photoautotrophic green and purple sulfur bacteria. The aerobic surface of the column is occupied by oxygenic cyanobacteria. Just below the surface phototrophic purple non-sulfur bacteria predominate.
The majority of the bacteria are located in a thin film between the soil/mud substrate and the container wall. When using plastic containers such as two liter pop bottles, these bacteria can be sampled by inserting a needle through the container wall, or by freezing the column and cutting into the column with a utility knife and shears to expose the surface layer of the column.
Cylindrical plastic columns, such as those provided by Carolina Biological, can be frozen and the entire contents can be extruded under pressure.
Figure 6. A great variety of heterotrophs also can be found in these columns including obligate anaerobes such as clostridia and methanogenic bacteria.
Figure 7. Measuring the electrochemical potential of an established Winogradsky column.
ASSESSMENT / EVALUATION
FOLLOW-UP ACTIVITIES
Light effects - Have some students mask certain regions of the bottle so that light cannot penetrate (use aluminum foil or cardboard masking). Does this affect the appearance of the column?
More light effects - Have students explore the absorption spectra of the various types of phototrophs which grow in each region of the column by masking portions of the column with colored gels (consult with your theater department for colored gels used in lighting).
Recovery of phototrophic bacteria - Carolina Biological sells Winogradsky column kits (FA-70-3490). These use a cylindrical plastic column with a rubber stopper base. These kits are quite convenient and easy to set up. To recover phototrophic bacteria from a column, freeze the established column and then push out the frozen plug into a pan. Microorganisms for microscopic observation or further culturing may be obtained from the plug surface. This could also be done by cutting into a frozen column in a plastic 2 L soda bottle. Use a utility knife or a pair of heavy shears with care to expose the column surface.
Electrochemical potential – Cut two lengths of bell cord wire, one long enough to reach the bottom of the column and the other just long enough to touch the surface of the mud below the water layer. Strip the last cm of insulation from the ends of each wire. Place the long wire in the column so that the lower end rests at the bottom of the column. Place the short wire so that it just reaches the mud water interface. Bend both wires so that they hang over the top edge of the column. Connect the wires to a VOM (Volt Ohm Meter) set to measure voltage in mVolts. You might be able to borrow one of these from your Physics Department. What is the source of the electrical current? Is it chemical or photochemical? How could you decide? Could the world energy crisis be cured by drawing energy from mud flats and bogs?
ATTACHMENTS
REFERENCES
The electro-chemical gradient that develops within the column can be measured with a standard VOM (Volt Ohm Meter) see electrochemical potential under Follow-Up Activities.The voltage generated varies with time, but one Winogradsky column in a 20 L carboy generated between 0.3-0.5 volts continuously for three years without supplemental nutrient.The success of the column will be evident within a few weeks with the appearance of dramatically colored biofilms of phototrophic green and purple sulfur bacteria just under the glass or plastic layer of the column. At the top of the water column, green algae and cyanobacteria will appear.
Instructions for constructing Winogradsky columns can be found in many laboratory manuals and in informative Carolina Tips (Sept. 1, 1978).
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 0618744, and in part by the Waksman Foundation for Microbiology. Developed in collaboration with Dr. John Lennox , Penn State Altoona. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.©2002-2008 Center for Biofilm Engineering, http://www.biofilm.montana.edu
FORT LEE — In November, as the winter chill is setting in, General George Washington's army is retreating from the Palisades cliffs and into New Jersey, toward the Hackensack River.
An ambush from the British has forced them to abandon Fort Lee, and they're headed south, for Trenton. The wounded will go to Morristown.
Robert Sullivan, an author and journalist, is nearby, at a Starbucks, getting provisions and studying a map prepared by Robert Erskine, Washington's surveyor general, that he downloaded off the Internet.
"It's all still here," he says. "The landscape really has it. You don't need to make anything up, you don't have to dress up — though I'm not against dressing up — but the landscape already has it."
Sullivan is retreating, too. He'll follow the path the Continental Army took from Fort Lee into Leonia, around that "impassable swamp" of the Meadowlands and across the Hackensack. The author of several books about New York and New Jersey, his newest, "My American Revolution," probes the hidden history of the War of Independence in the region.
His works, among them 1998's "The Meadowlands," unravel the complicated relationship we have with the landscapes around us. He achieves this by exploring those landscapes, by car, by boat and most often, on foot. Today he is charting new territory, though. He's tweeting his retreat.
"First view of the Watchung Mountains & the Meadowlands!" he punches into his phone, a "dumb phone," as we walk down Fort Lee Road toward Leonia. "An ancient vista!"
Cross the Delaware in a boat in the winter? Doable. Cross Ivy Lane on Liberty Road in Teaneck on foot? Good luck! — Robert Sullivan (@RESullivanJr) November 14, 2012
"It turns out this is what Twitter was invented for," he says aloud, passing beneath the Route 46 overpass.
The path Washington's army took is as practical today as it was in 1776. He'll travel beneath 46, the New Jersey Turnpike and across Route 4 in Englewood, a route familiar to commuters and increasingly harrowing for pedestrians, and then head north, looping around the Meadowlands.
"When you're in a car, yeah you know there's a hill and stuff, but you really don't pay attention the way you do when you walk," Sullivan says. "When you walk, you really are one with that landscape. But you rarely see people walking these paths. There's never really anybody out. And the cops kind of circle you. I can't blame them."
Descending Fort Lee Road, he looks to those mountains in the distance, where the Americans will seek the refuge of high ground and the British will try to rout them out. This march is known as the Continental Army's "Retreat to Victory," and it happened right around this time 236 years ago, the same pre-dawn Morning Star hanging over General Washington and the writer who ambled after him.
This is a history we drive past every morning, headed over the George Washington Bridge into New York, but it's not entirely forgotten. This weekend, more than a dozen living history groups will recreate the British Invasion of New Jersey in the bridge's shadow. Costumed Continentals, militiamen, British soldiers and Hessions will do battle on the Palisades. Sullivan is decidedly pro-reenactment; they're an exciting way for people to engage with this history, he says.
"But here's this other idea: How about after the battle? Or before the battle, or after they're chased out of New York and Fort Lee and they run, they leave their cooking pots behind, and they march," he says. "So you sit there and you say, 'Wow, there's no HBO special on the boring trudge.' But it seems like that's the bulk of the war."
So he trudges.
Along the way, there are prompts. A sign in Fort Lee reads "Retreat Route 1776" with an arrow pointing westward. Outside the Presbyterian Church of Leonia, a marker, erected July 4, 1916, depicts the general on his horse. His men follow closely on foot.
But mostly, there are bus stops. There are crosswalks where cars pass quickly and pedestrians gamble with their lives. There's a 7-11. Several, actually.
This is why New York and New Jersey don't get their due. On the list of historical tourist destinations, the Turnpike overpass in Leonia, which crosses the old inland highway, English Neighborhood Road, does not rank high. Boston — with its tri-corner hats and its Freedom Trail — gets all the credit, Sullivan says.
"The war starts in New York City," he says. "Everybody talks about the Siege of Boston, you know, the Battle of Lexington and Concord. They did a great job, I'm not against that, but that was the siege. We had not yet declared war."
And the country the Continental Army traversed from the cliffs of the Palisades into the Watchung Mountains and onward is the same one we inhabit. Robert Erskine's "impassable swamp" has swallowed whole developments not far from where the American Dream project sits waiting in the Meadowlands. The Hudson River still swells in Edgewater, causing destructing during storms.
"The landscape is still dangerous to us the same ways," Sullivan says. "We still suffer from the same issues of flooding that they dealt with in 1776. The place is the same. The past helps us understand the future."
1st major strategic error in retracing Continental Army's evacuation of NYC: eating lunch in a bar in Hackensack. To the Passaic! — Robert Sullivan (@RESullivanJr) November 14, 2012
A fellow traveler, lost, crosses the street and we help him find his way. Sullivan is headed for Wallington, where Washington's troops will cross the Acquacknonk Bridge over the Passaic River, burning it down as they pass.
To get there, he'll head northward, up Grand Avenue, around Overpeck Creek and across the river. Mistakes will be made. The Continental Army's path is winding, and there aren't always markers along the way.
After we part near Route 4 in Englewood, he sends a text message: "As I think about it, guess I would say in general, history shows us where the landscape has hurt us and where it has saved us or helped us survive."
Onward, he marches, toward the Hackensack, toward the Passaic, toward victory.
Robert Sullivan's book, "My American Revolution," is published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. He'll read at the Morristown Library on Thursday, Nov. 15 at 7 p.m. He is not related to the reporter of this story, though they share an affinity for wandering around New Jersey.
It's hard to get a straight answer on the effects of the Gulf oil spill amid all of the headlines, hearsay, and word of mouth tidbits from a friend of a friend of a friend. But we managed to track down an expert who gave us not just one answer, but four detailed, honest responses to questions that we have all been wondering for nearly nine months now.
Dr. Sylvia Earle, world-renowned oceanographer, National Geographic Explorer-in-Residence and recipient of the 2009 TEDPrize, is currently leading an expedition to the northern Gulf of Mexico to study areas affected by the Deepwater Horizon spill. Her goal for this trip is to identify areas where the Gulf's ecosystem could recover what it lost. Dr. Earle took time out of her trip to answer some of The Huffington Post's questions in an exclusive interview:
Q. Eight and a half months later, tarballs are continuing to wash ashore Gulf beaches, and reports are still surfacing of areas fouled with oil from the spill. These are just the areas we can see easily -- is the situation similar or even worse in the depths of the waters, or has the ocean taken care of much of the pollution on its own?
A. The sudden release of five million barrels of oil, enormous quantities of methane and two million gallons of toxic dispersants into an already greatly stressed Gulf of Mexico will permanently alter the nature of the area. Certain microbes flourish in the presence of oil and methane-- this is good news for them, but bad news for the diverse, complex microbial systems that are killed by these toxic elements in both shallow and deep waters. Places change over time with or without oil spills, but humans are responsible for the Deepwater Horizon gusher -- and humans as well as the corals, fish and other creatures are suffering the consequences.
Q. Have the cleanup efforts been adequate, and if not, who should be considered responsible -- BP or the government?
A. There is no way to "adequately clean up" the consequences of the blowout any more than you can uncook an egg. Most of the efforts succeeded in magnifying, not diminishing the impacts.
In some ways, we are all responsible for this catastrophe. Our insatiable appetite for fossil fuels and the corporate mandate to maximize shareholder value encourages drilling without taking into account the costs to the ocean, even without major spills.
Nonetheless, the thousands of individuals who have done their best to protect areas that escaped oiling and have attempted to clean up areas damaged by the blowout of the Deepwater Horizon well deserve recognition. However, we need to hold accountable those who authorized massive applications of toxic dispersants, especially at 5,000 ft depth, as well as those who allowed beaches to be upended, scraped, bulldozed and otherwise altered to give the appearance that the oil magically disappeared. Deployment of hundreds of miles of booms did little to contain the oil but did succeed in creating hundreds of miles of oily trash now contaminating landfills.
Q. In your opinion, how devastating has the disaster been on marine life in the Gulf, and how likely is a recovery?
A. This is a difficult question to answer given that most of the Gulf of Mexico has never been seen, let alone explored or assessed concerning marine life. Additionally, decades of pollution, coastal manipulation, overfishing and use of highly destructive gear have already significantly stressed life in the Gulf.
A recent survey of all known records indicated the presence of more than 15,000 kinds of creatures living in the Gulf, but thousands more are likely to exist, especially in deep water, not counting microbial forms. Some of these creatures are more tolerant than others of the toxic elements in the oil, methane and dispersants. Yes, the Gulf is permanently altered, but recovery will come from designating large protected areas - or "hope spots" - that are known to be breeding, feeding, and nursery areas for fish, shrimp and other sea life, allowing creates to thrive. This includes fully protecting the drifting forests of Sargassum seaweed that provide safe havens for sea turtles and young fish, as well as seagrass meadows, deep water coral reefs and shallow oyster beds, and the range of mini-mountains crowned with coral that stretch along the northern Gulf 75 to 100 miles offshore.
Q. In light of the massive tragedy that is the Gulf oil spill, what is the biggest glimmer of hope you see in the region?
A. The greatest tragedy will be if we fail to learn from this disaster and to take seriously the need to find alternatives for fossil fuels.
But, there are several reasons for hope, starting with human ingenuity and spirit. We have the power to do things better, the will to go beyond just surviving and find solutions when motivated to do so.
Certainly the resilience of nature is a major reason for being optimistic. The Gulf will never again be the way it was before the spill, but life will prosper, with ecosystems and human societies morphing into another kind of the Gulf of Mexico.
I share with Jane Goodall these and another reason for hope, and that is the hope that comes from children, whose future depends on actions we take now. Children provide incentive to not waste this disaster, to recognize that it was preventable, not inevitable, and to change course accordingly. Humans are the only creatures with the ability to dive deep in the sea, fly high in the sky, send instant messages around the globe, reflect on the past, assess the present and imagine the future. Deep sea creatures may live as long as we do and some may know the world has changed since they were hatched, but they do not know why and they do not know what to do about it. We do. That's cause for hope.
--
TORONTO A man accused of plotting to attack a train between the U.S. and Canada waived his right to cross-examine a key witness Friday.
Chiheb Esseghaier, who has refused to recognize the jurisdiction of the court, sat motionless when the judge asked him if he had any questions for the undercover FBI agent.
The agent has spent the past two weeks testifying about his relationship with Esseghaier and co-accused, Raed Jaser, who face terror-related charges.
Court has heard extensive evidence of how the agent befriended Esseghaier and also about the alleged plot to attack the passenger train between New York and Toronto.
The trial has also heard hours of secret audio recordings of conversations the men had with the agent, who gained their trust while posing as a wealthy American businessman with radical views.
"I am going to lose my mind in happiness," Esseghaier says of the developing relationship in one intercepted conversation with the agent.
Esseghaier also sought romance advice from the agent related to potentially marrying a young woman at work.
At another point, Esseghaier explains his commitment to strict Islam, saying he wants to see Sharia law imposed everywhere.
"I am making my obligation of jihad," he tells the agent. "I believe in it, but not just by words, but also by action."
Wrapping up his examination in chief, the agent described Esseghaier, who was a doctoral student in Montreal, as struggling financially — someone with a small research stipend, a few shirts and a jacket, and no car.
I was watching TV last night when Twitter started blowing up with claims that MSNBC host Rachel Maddow had secured Trump's tax returns. But instead of cutting into regularly scheduled programming to drop this bombshell on the world MSNBC instead decided to wait and reveal them on Maddow's show.
For half a minute I considered switching over from a riveting film starring Bryan Cranston to check out what Maddow but I decided against it when I realized she likely had nothing and social media would no doubt relay the information the second it was available.
It turns out Maddow's "scoop" debunked what progressives have been claiming for months, namely, that Trump had paid no taxes in years due to creative accounting.
It turns out Trump made about 150 million dollars and paid 36.5 million in taxes. According to some reports, that's more than MSNBC, and it's parent company paid.
So, to boost ratings Maddow ends of blowing the controversy over Trump's tax rate and ends up with egg on her face. To save what little dignity she had left she spent the balance of her show speculating about where the $150 million came from and stoked the flames of another progressive conspiracy about Trump's ties with Russia.
Have ancient sites changed your life?
Do you feel your life has been changed from visiting an ancient site? Did you gain an insight that helped your life move forwards in a positive way? Have you shared a powerful group experience at a sacred site or powerful landscape location? if so why did it mean so much? I am interested to hear from anyone that has visited ancient sites and had interesting or spiritual experiences. Why is it that many of us feel called to ancient sites? Are they relevant today? I would argue that ancient sites can help give us an appreciation for our history and ancestors. Time away from home can also provide an opportunity to reflect on our own life and our impact on the world around us. It's common to have philosophical conversations on location with a group, a common discussion is the society we live in, the lack of care for the environment and each other, these subjects come up over and over again. Many people seem to be seeking inspiration on how they can contribute to a better world, myself included! Perhaps by sharing our most memorable stories, insights and experiences we can help each other move forwards.
All contributions are welcomed. Gary
I stumbled across Paintbox Soapworks a few months ago on Etsy and I've placed a few orders since then. I wanted to share my thoughts about the company and the products because I am totally and completely in love.
Paintbox Soapworks is run by an absolutely lovely woman named Hayley. I've contacted her several times with silly questions about product availability and whatnot, and her responses have always been prompt and friendly. Her prices and shipping costs are completely reasonable and TAT has been fantastic.
For my first purchase I got the Glycerin Soap Sample Pack ($6 for five sample size soaps) and a sample size lotion. I initially ordered a lotion that turned out to be sold out, so Hayley let me substitute a different scent and generously included a sugar scrub in the original scent.
Whiskers
Dry, soft sandalwood, soothing vanilla & a trace of fresh air clinging to warm fur
This was my second choice for the sample size lotion and I'm so glad I ended up with it. I liked it but it's not something I'd want to smell like all the time so I gave it to the boyfriend to try and we both fell in love with how it smells on him. It's definitely a sandalwood scent but sweet and light and wonderful. I've since ordered a solid scent balm in this scent.
Aquae Sulis
A crisp, reviving spa blend of bright citrus, cardamom & ancient minerals
This smells CLEAN. It's sharp and pretty and a great scent for early morning showers when you're not quite awake yet.
Big In Japan
A translucent green blend of matcha tea, crisp yuzu & serene sandalwood
This scent has been discontinued because of a supplier issue and is no longer available for purchase on Etsy but I would've felt bad leaving it out because of how much I love it. Whiskers wasn't my kind of sandalwood scent but this most definitely is. It's fresh and pretty and if Hayley ever brings it back or releases something similar I will probably buy all of it.
Little Paper Umbrellas
Luscious, ripe mango blended smooth with creamy lychee, lime, melon, red tea & a squirt of scarlet grenadine
This was probably my least favorite of the sample soaps but it's still nice. It's very fruity and very sweet and definitely a great summer scent.
Gingermilk
Warm, sweet milk & soothing, sparkling ginger
This was the lightest of the scents. Very unassuming overall with just a hint of sharp ginger. There's ground ginger root in it and I found that it lathers better than the other soap samples.
Avast!
A South Seas blend of fresh coconut milk & green cardamom, a scattering of coffee beans & below-decks musk, & all the gold in Araby…
Coconut. All I smell is coconut. And that's not a bad thing at all. It's not a super sweet coconut smell like you find in a lot of mainstream hair and body products. This one is warmer and easier. Of all the sample soaps the scent of this one lingered on my skin the most.
I've definitely been happy with everything I've received so far. I ordered a few other products that I'll review once I've had a chance to try them out, but I definitely recommend everything I've tried so far.
Advertisements
The phrase ‘Jewish terrorism' has come up frequently over the past week. But aren't the daily actions of the Israeli army also terrorism? And can radical settlers be considered terrorists if they share the convictions of the state?
I've recently tried to figure out the over-use of the phrase “Jewish terror” and as a good girl, I decided to Google it. According to Wikipedia, “Jewish terror” refers to terrorism carried out by Jews against Arabs since the establishment of the state, with some incidents here and there of Jews targeting other Jews.
So I asked our contemporary source of knowledge and wisdom: please teach me what was “Jewish terror before '48.” The Zionist Google machine spit out the answer, “Palestinian terror” as the first and second entries, followed by Jewish terror dating after the establishment of the state.
You don't argue with Wikipedia in Hebrew.
Under “Palestinian terror” were descriptions of Palestinian actions defined as terror, in contrast to the Jewish settlement movement in the time of the British mandate, at the time of the establishment of the State of Israel, and thereafter. “Terror activities were principally invasions into Jewish neighborhoods and settlements, murders of their residents, ambushes of vehicles, and the burning of Jewish-owned orchards and fields.”
Surely there must be a mistake here. This is exactly what settlers have been doing to Palestinians for quite some time, under the supervision of the army, even. For years we have heard and seen and witnessed instances of ransacking and harassment, burglary of land and property, vandalism, hostility, destruction of land, uprooting of trees and abuse of employees, imprisonment of Palestinians and control over their lives, destruction of houses, paving of roads and interruption of the West Bank in every direction. How do we call this form of terror? Ah, yes, “occupation.” Suddenly it made sense: Jewish occupation / Jewish terror.
I know that we're not going achieve peace through a discussion about who started with terrorism, and who gets to define terrorism, and whether resisting occupation is terrorism or not. Indeed, armed Jewish gangs in 1948 carried out acts against the Palestinian population that included everything mentioned above, and their war was called a “War of Independence,” not a “War of Terrorism.”
Nevertheless, I'll save you the nitpicking of who started what for less eventful days. When we have peace here and everything is good and well, and milk and honey flow from the River Jordan, then we can start the historical debate about who started what and keep ourselves busy for days on end.
But let's stay with the here and now. What's strange is that when Israel's leadership suddenly and publicly and unequivocally admitted that there is such a thing as “Jewish terrorism” last week, it felt the need to add that “there is terrorism on both sides.” And thus long lives the holy disparity between strong and weak, between armored and unarmed, between occupier and occupied. Don't go and think that there are Jews who are evil and who have hatred in their nature, they tell us, remember that there are also Arab terrorists.
What's surprising about the attack in Duma?
I have a feeling that the horror which took place in Duma is a crime that each and every one of us knew was coming. We all read the signs, we saw it cooking in the pressure cooker that is Netanyahu's government and his predecessors. The settlement cancer has spread, metastasizing hate as the occupation spreads in every direction, wasting all of our money in the name of the Torah and salvation — a salvation that can't be realized without an entrenched, armored villa, overblown security and a faithful and effective child-rearing machine.
The cruelty of the terrorist attack in Duma surprised Israelis a little, but not Palestinians, for whom occupation has become routine. Eliraz Fine, an extremist settler who surely represents only herself and not the peace-loving settler public, said: “I see it as a proper and appropriate action. Deal with that truth and ask yourself: what what is the Jewish interest in acting this way?” According to Fine, “In my view, it's very appropriate and honorable to damage Arab property.” “The defeatist approach of condemning such actions will only bring more senseless murders. To the Arabs, such actions make clear that the other is capable of unimaginable cruelty. That is exactly the way to stop and deter them.”
No matter how you approach it, we will always arrive back at the settlements, the occupation, settlers and the right-wing political camp that supports them. The settlements have one clear goal: to create facts on the ground, to once and for all bury all possible resolutions to the conflict, and to assassinate any shred of hope for peace.
The thugs who plundered Palestinian land did not act nicely, to say the least, and they aren't showing any signs of slowing down their rowdiness – and not because of the Iranian threat as far as we can tell. For 20 years this enterprise has grown and has been fed by unbridled power, endless financial resources, and promise for a license to expand without restraint. The government fattened the movement with a persecution narrative, “Itbah el-Yehud” (“slaughter the Jew” in Arabic), and that the land of Eretz Israel is for the nation of Israel.
It wasn't clear what the Israeli government's plan was regarding the Palestinians at that time. Maybe they expected them to disappear? That the land would swallow them up? Or that the ceaseless subjugation would make them “good,” lovers of and collaborators with Israel? That they would forget their vision for a Palestinian state and would accept the situation?
Jewish terror at the pool
With this new-old conception known as “Jewish terror” – a phrase that has stolen the spotlight of the occupation is another sad attempt to hide the sun with a piece of tattered cloth. Terror implies a radical and crazy act, or of a small group that does something disturbing, as a form of revenge or on an ideological basis. This description is not appropriate for people who are full of motivation, well armed, who declare their vision at every opportunity possible, and who essentially have the backing of the representatives and the State of Israel.
I see no difference between the soldiers who remove Palestinians from a pool in order to allow settlers to swim there comfortably, and the settlers who burn and uproot olive trees during harvest time under the supervision of the army, or the settler woman who spits and yells “whore” because she knows that there will be no price to be paid.
The “crazy ones” who murdered Muhammad Abu Khdeir, like those who torched the churches and the bilingual school, believe in their heart of hearts that this is the way to cleanse the Holy Land of its non-Jewish elements. They are one and the same with those who carried out the crime against Duma, who probably see in their actions some kind of heroism.
“The king of media” in this country probably doesn't read the responses to the last murder: how the horror is lauded on the Internet, and how it is shown as a legitimate way to prove to the Arabs who are the cruel masters in this land. His eminence still asserts that we're talking about a number of “wild weeds,” and a group of crazies whom we can label “Jewish terrorists.”
The only thing that might cause someone to really wake up could only occur if these “crazies” decide to act against the army, the policy, and the representatives of the so-called sanctified law. As long as they target Palestinians, though, the situation is described as “under control.”
We've arrived to the point at which anyone who stands in this camp must confront the reality that it has created and take into consideration all that this implies. I don't participate in the cry for “soul searching, prayer, shedding of tears, condemnation and shock in front of the press.” This policy of political survival of – “let's keep a low profile until the world forgets,” or, simply, to wait until an ISIL massacre distracts the public attention – simply doesn't work anymore.
Israel doesn't have many options. It will either take complete control and responsibility and will begin to return the land to its owners and make peace with its neighbors – or it will wait for the next Palestinian intifada. Maybe the Israeli army yearns for another round of bloodshed, but the people really don't. Maybe the armed forces will conquer Duma and Susiya and every Palestinian backwater with the occupation machine, but no cannon or checkpoint or racist law will hide the truth and justice from the people. Then, Netanyahu will stand in front of the world and try to explain how justified that war will be, and, again, no one will believe him.
This article was first published in Hebrew on Local Call. Read it here.
Even before the last of the big shipyards closed, Nantes, like many industrial cities in Western Europe, had lost many of the jobs that the postwar industrial boom had brought. At its peak, in 1975, about 60,000 workers earned their living in local industries, many building big ships or toiling in the agro-food industry. (LU, an iconic French cookie, is still produced on the outskirts of Nantes.)
As a result, the effect of the closure of the last big shipbuilder was to many residents more psychological than economic; by that time, the sector employed fewer than 2000 people. But the event was a turning point. Afterward, City Hall enacted a series of policies based on the belief that new jobs and a better quality of life could combine to bring new residents and keep old ones.
In the process of making the city more livable — by spending billions improving public transport, sprucing up parks and public spaces, and investing in public services — Nantes has become one of France's premier green cities. It was designated European Green Capital for 2013 by the European Commission.
Nantes's original industrial prowess was based on multiple sectors. When one type of business left town, others developed, according to Thierry Violland, the head of the city's agency for urbanism. Now that shipbuilding is gone, several industries, led by aviation (Airbus has a big factory in the region) and agro-food, have joined a strong research cluster in material science to replace some of the jobs lost.
Photo
Industrial jobs make up 11 percent of the metropolitan area's employment. Among secondary cities in France, this is an achievement. Nantes ranks third, after Lyon and Toulouse, whose employment in the industrial sector makes up 14 percent of jobs.
For the commission, which announces the Green Capital prize several years in advance, Nantes's sustainable public transport system was decisive. The city, the sixth largest in France, has the third-highest proportion of public transport users in the country, according to Florent Lardic, an adviser to the Nantes regional authority.
The city also has ambitious greenhouse gas reduction policies (besides the elephant, the Île de Nantes is also home to a large photovoltaic power plant), and every resident lives no more than 300 meters, or 1,000 feet, from the closest green space. The prize also celebrates the city's policy of urban densification, which aims to concentrate development in limited areas and build up rather than out, in an effort to stop encroachment on rural lands. Currently, the Nantes metropolitan area's population is 590,000, but the region expects that to grow by 100,000 by 2030.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
There is, of course, a technological component to the city's success. As early as 2001, the city initiated municipal services on Nantes.fr. Cultural calendars were posted online. People could sign up for free e-mail accounts, either from their home computers or from one of the 150 public terminals the city set up in municipal buildings, in cultural centers and on the streets. Such early investment in information technology led to a fierce following among residents but also means that the first generation of public portals is in the process of being replaced.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The city is currently working with the Nantes School of Design to come up with innovative ways to offer terminals to the public.
Mr. Ayrault, who has been mayor since 1989, insists that the greatest components of the city's recent success have been the changes that made Nantes a good place to live. While he does not deny the importance of employment, he says that schools and after-school programs, urban art and culture, for example, play an important role in making the city attractive.
“When you move to Nantes, you will find transportation, you will find employment, and you will find the answers for daily life,” he said. “It is equilibrium between economic, environmental and social infrastructure.”
Tax revenue from businesses and citizens, as well as support from the regional and national governments, funded Nantes's renaissance.
The wood-and-steel pachyderm, which cost €2.5 million, or $3.4 million, when it was constructed in 2007, received E.U. arts funding. It was built in a vast workshop and gallery space that now inhabits the old shipyard halls. Currently, the workshop is building mechanical sea monsters for an oversize carousel that will evoke Jules Verne, one of the city's most famous sons.
Though the 285,000 visitors who came to see and ride the creature last year did not significantly increase the city's bottom line, they do indicate that the city's investments in art and public spaces are attracting interest.
The city's urban development expert, Mr. Violland, said that in surveys asking residents what are the most important things about their city, three predominate: the Loire, the river that transects the city and once carried newly built ships toward the ocean; the castle of the dukes of Brittany, in which the Edict of Nantes, allowing religious freedom in France, was signed in 1598; and Les Machines de l'Île, the workshop where the wondrous wooden creatures are built.
Richard Branson has made some worrying revelations about Donald Trump
An insight into his "vindictive streak."
Billionaire and Virgin Group founder Richard Branson published a blog post today in which he addresses a meeting he had with Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Branson reveals that some years ago, he was invited by Donald Trump to a one-to-one meeting at his apartment in Manhattan. The invitation surprised Branson as he had never met Trump before.
"Even before the starters arrived he began telling me about how he had asked a number of people for help after his latest bankruptcy and how five of them were unwilling to help," Branson wrote.
"He told me he was going to spend the rest of his life destroying these five people.
"He didn't speak about anything else and I found it very bizarre. I told him I didn't think it was the best way of spending his life. I said it was going to eat him up, and do more damage to him than them.
"There must be more constructive ways to spend the rest of your life (Hopefully my advice didn't lead to him running for President!)
"I was baffled why he had invited me to lunch solely to tell me this. For a moment, I even wondered if he was going to ask me for financial help. If he had, I would have become the sixth person on his list! "
Branson then revealed how worried he is about the upcoming election and the "vindictive streak" of Donald Trump.
"I left the lunch feeling disturbed and saddened by what I'd heard. There are a lot of frightening things about this election; not least that policy has been pushed so far down the agenda.
"What concerns me most, based upon my personal experiences with Donald Trump, is his vindictive streak, which could be so dangerous if he got into the White House.
"For somebody who is running to be the leader of the free world to be so wrapped up in himself, rather than concerned with global issues, is very worrying."
But, at the moment, we're more concerned about the standard of his jokes.
Hillary Clinton speaks to voters in Wilton Manors, Fla., on Oct. 30. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Your enemies never hurt you the way your friends do. There couldn't be a better example of this adage than the position Hillary Clinton finds herself in today. She is in a public war with FBI Director James B. Comey, compliments of her own friends.
The blame for Clinton's current precarious situation starts with Clinton herself: her paranoid instincts, her matter-of-fact self-dealing and her complete disregard for rules and obligations. Blame can also be squarely laid at the feet of President Obama. While the liberals are all spun up about Comey talking about an investigation, he is not the one who started the discussion. Incredibly and needlessly, Obama declared Clinton innocent — more than once — long before the FBI's investigation was complete. This gratuitous intervention by the president obligated Comey to personally quash the notion he was following the president's lead. He had to protect the integrity of the FBI. And finally, it is appropriate to single out former president Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch. They had their “chance” very cozy private meeting on board a parked government airplane during the height of the FBI investigation. Not long after, Clinton campaign sources leaked that Hillary Clinton would consider keeping Lynch as attorney general in her administration. Since then, the attorney general has done nothing to dispel the idea that she would love to stick around during a Clinton presidency.
FBI Director James B. Comey told lawmakers on Nov. 6 that the bureau won't recommend charges against Hillary Clinton after reviewing newly discovered emails. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
So Comey is boxed in; he is surrounded by Clinton partisans. Does he get on board or act independently in defiance of his creators? He is faced with a president who doesn't seem to care about the facts and whose mind is made up and an attorney general who is compromised at best and completely in the tank for Clinton at worst. What's Comey supposed to do?
Meanwhile, there are steady rumors floating around that the FBI doesn't trust the Justice Department. The FBI views itself as a crimefighter, and many rank-and-file agents think of their political bosses at DOJ as social tinkerers who are obsessed with the Black Lives Matter movement, transgender bathroom breaks and the like; that they really don't “get” law enforcement. Given all this, there was no way Comey could have let the original investigation end with a benign written statement saying there were no grounds for an indictment or prosecution. One former agent told me that Comey was facing somewhat of an insurrection if he let the investigation be swept under the rug. So he had to publicly explain the bureau's work and defend the independence and credibility of America's premier law enforcement organization.
[Get ready for four more years of Clinton scandals]
Now that new information has come to light, Comey is compelled to speak in public to explain this development. There is likely no way he could trust that the Obama Justice Department would properly pursue the new lead if news of it weren't forced into the public. Does anyone think the Obama Justice Department would have been diligent in pursuing this lead if it had stayed under wraps?
So, the question is whether or not this new revelation finishes Clinton. The answer is “it depends on” — but it sure doesn't help. And as proof that the gods may be angry with Clinton, it turns out the emails were found not on a computer belonging to some anonymous bureaucrat but on a device the infamous Anthony Weiner shared with his now-estranged wife, longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin. More Clinton emails: useless. More Clinton emails tied to Weiner: priceless. It actually couldn't get any worse for the Clinton campaign.
Anyway, I've always said that if the election is about Donald Trump, he will lose, and if the election is about Hillary Clinton, she will lose. Well, the election is now about Clinton in a big way — unless Trump can't stand not being at the center of attention and somehow interrupts Clinton's sinking campaign. With his track record in this campaign cycle, his inability to stay out of the spotlight makes it probable.
All that said, a lot of Republicans are asking me if this means more Republicans and Republican leaders will vote for Trump. The answer is yes. This is just a bridge too far for many center-right American voters. Vice-presidential candidate Mike Pence's message that Republican voters need to “come home” is resonating. The latest Clinton scandal has given the nudge to Republican-leaners and independents, who needed some proof that their instincts were correct and that nothing could be worse than Clinton. If Trump doesn't blow it in the next eight days, a lot of new voters may coalesce around him, and that could make the difference on Nov. 8. As a friend of mine and a longtime pillar of the Tampa legal community (and someone who has voted for both Republican and Democratic presidential candidates) said to me after the news broke Friday: “I am voting for Trump primarily because I think Hillary is likely to cause more damage than he. Secondarily, I am voting for him because I don't want to see her rewarded for years of corruption and self-dealing.”
This race just got a lot closer, and the uncertainty that has gripped campaign 2016 in the past 48 hours doesn't lend itself to a quick conclusion. It is somewhere between pathetic and funny listening to Clinton and her running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), try to hide behind proper procedures and protocols for Justice Department announcements, but right now, that's all they've got. Team Clinton will have no choice but to attack Comey, declare that this was just a brief misunderstanding, say it's all over and there's nothing to see and that anyone who dwells on it is a racist, bigot or whatever. The Clinton camp may have to pretend to jettison Abedin, but what they are really hoping is that Trump will overreach and save them, just like he has been doing since July.
Late last year, when Barack Obama trounced the McCain-Palin ticket, a phrase kept crossing my mind: "No More Mister White Guy."
The signs and omens were all around for those who wished to interpret them. A clapped-out white war-hero and his ultra-white, know-nothing running-mate (who'd skinned enough wild beasts and shot enough wolves from her helicopter to be counted as an honorary white "man") had been defeated, indubitably and unanswerably, by a literal African-American, possessed of a Muslim moniker - not to mention a middle name he shared with a dictator who'd long loomed high in America's foreign-policy demonology over the previous decade. It could be argued that the single element that shot down McCain's hopes was the fact that he had attached his destiny and, not unimportantly, the nation's precarious and uncertain future, to a sub-literate toxic scold of a running-mate, a shrewd but breathtakingly ignorant woman who was happy to stir up the most loathsome, poisonous old ghosts in the American polity in order to rile up her white followers. Millions of moderate Republicans, who frankly should have noticed years earlier that their party had deserted them for the nuttiest fringes of the far-right, saw this as one bridge-to-nowhere too far - they could see that their own party, or the recrudescent Palin fringe thereof, now harbored voters content to call for the assassination, or worse, of the other nominee - and they voted in their droves for the black dude.
There were other signs - misleading, as it turned out - that America's long white-male nightmare might finally be drawing to a close, and not merely the statistical/demographic projection that, within 30 years, whites would merely be the majority-minority in America. White-themed shows like King of The Hill (RIP) and My Name is Earl (good riddance) were cancelled in the run-up to the November vote. Joe the Plumber couldn't open his mouth without sticking his steel toe-capped work-boot in there. Fox News's ratings were on the slide as their disgraced and tarnished hero Dubya sloped off to face the enormous condescension of posterity for the next few decades (of course, he thinks it'll all redound to his historical favor in about a century - good luck with that, G-money!).
And in the economic realm, all the many chickens of the last three decades of deregulation, foxes-guarding-the-henhouse and the use of the citizenry as a defenseless and exploitable resource for greedy corporations, banks and sundry species of middlemen, came flocking home to roost. The economy bottomed out in September, and McCain screwed the pooch by "suspending" his campaign, and suddenly everyone could see that this wanna-be emperor, festooned as he long had been with all the regalia of the war-hero (instead of the overpromoted third-generation hothead and hot dog flier he was in reality) was now walking the world clad only in his shredded undies. The result? An absolute rout for the Republicans, a defeat like none since 1964.
So with all that to savor, I found myself wondering, albeit only for a blessed short moment, if maybe we would now get a break from Mister White Guy for a while, from his endless conservative, hair-on-fire hysteria and hypocrisy, and his ability to be bamboozled and stampeded into a fearful incoherent, self-destroying rage by any cynical faux-grass roots organization ginned up by the corporate right. Perhaps, I dared to dream, we might now enter a halcyon new age of reason and common sense, of calm voices and measured tones, with an end to all the screaming and name-calling.
Boy, did I get it wrong.
Since almost the moment Obama entered office, the right-wing white-faced hysteria has been louder and coarser than ever. The Moderate Republican is a vanished species and the dwindling remnant, overseen by mouth-breathing hacks and procedural fanatics risen to prominence during the long dark Republican Night, has reconstituted itself as the Party of No. And their No means No, in no uncertain terms: no to healthcare reform, no to immigration reform, no to any of the desperately needed remedies for a country that has long been crying out for its own bout of glasnost and perestroika, but isn't about to get it, thanks to these fools.
Leading the charge this year were not the politicians but the media stars of the fever-swamp right-wing. Miss McConnell and John Boner were almost as anathema to these people as any differently-pigmented Democrat or "socialist" (a word that made an unlikely comeback this year, if only as a slur). First there was Palin herself, apparently shrewd enough to see that Obama would win and thus anxious to use the scrag-end of the election period to light a fire under the asses of her brain-dead constituency of GED-bereft white bozos, thus igniting a prairie-fire of support that would prove useful in any putative 2012 presidential bid or, more likely, provide her with a fanbase for future product, like her witless autobiography.
And so it has proved: almost nothing the woman does, be it resigning from the Alaska governorship because it looked too much like hard work, vomiting out her godawful worldview into the tape recorder of her ghost-hagiographer, or composing the single biggest political lie of 2009, the one about death panels, has been enough to raise the collective craw of her fan base. If you like Sarah Palin and her faux-folksy, mendacious, self-pitying bullshit, then there's a statistical likelihood that you will also see nothing wrong in depicting the new President with a bone through his nose or gazing hungrily into a cannibal cooking pot filled with white missionaries. They go together like chalk and cheese.
Like clowns stumbling out of a little car, the media ass pack suddenly seemed supercharged and hyper-emotional, whipping up their people with dark and scary scenarios about the president. They grew so increasingly parodic every day that it seemed anything was possible. Glenn Beck could have ridden onto his set on an elephant, showering the audience with peanuts, and no on would have been that surprised. In the mad prophet of the airwaves contest, he took the top prize because unlike Limbaugh - and kind of to his credit - he actually is nuts.
There was the jacked-up, dough-faced pudge-monster Glenn Beck, the boy who never grew up and never will, who became a cultural icon for the mad-as-hell Right despite having no qualifications bedsides a long and mediocre career as an itinerant drive-time shock-jock (i.e., as a professional attention-seeker, a role he has yet to shed). Somehow this guy hooked himself up to an audience of undereducated fools willing to take his every nutty conspiracy-theory (FEMA camps! Buy gold! Obama's a racist!) at face-value. And in fact, said audience, soon known to us as the Tea Party gerontocracy, was actually ginned up by Dick Armey - he of the Contract on America and other fine endeavors - and his pals at FreedomWorks, with the backing of the same Koch Industries heirs whose never-idle riches have inseminated half the excuse-making right-wing think-tanks of the last 30 years. It all had as much to do with anything truly grass-roots as Glenn Beck has to do with anything true at all. PT Barnum must be cackling in his grave right now, all his theories having been vindicated daily throughout '09 - and Father Coughlin, Joe McCarthy, and George Lincoln Rockwell are probably having a chuckle too.
And let's not forget the elder statesmen. The grand sages. Venerable old white men Anne Coulter, Sean Hannity, Bill O'Reilly and Rush Limbaugh all left their nauseating, fetid slime-trail all across this year, each vying for the prize for all-round achievement in bottom-dwelling scuzziness throughout '09. Limbaugh's great advantage over his competitors may be the fact that he is literally deaf, and hears nothing, possibly including the sound of his own increasingly ridiculous and reason-free voice. A national audience of ignorant hate-filled old men exactly like Limbaugh eats up anything the man says as he panders wholesale to their basest prejudices and dislike, and the best we can hope for is that said demographic is currently marching, steadily but inexorably, out of the nation's retirement homes and into its cemeteries.
And finally, their acolytes among the public, the men and women who called healthcare reform a variant of National Socialism, who blamed Obama for Dubya's Wall Street bailout, cursed the stimulus and refused to admit it saved a million jobs, who painted Hitler-mustaches on Obama's image and favored us with pictures of corpse-piles at Belsen and Auschwitz. These were the people so blind to their own interests that they got up at Healthcare town-halls and screamed down all others, then picked fights, often lost them, only to realize belatedly that they had no healthcare with which to treat their own well-deserved injuries!
So No More Mister White Guy, which seemed so ironclad a year ago as McCain flew back to Arizona in ignominy, no longer seems like such a tonic, timely phrase. This tendency, the apparently ineradicable Know-Nothing, John Birch Society strain of paranoia and unhinged loathing in the American political bloodstream is no deader now than when it was first diagnosed by Richard Hofstrader 45 years ago (his famous book, The Paranoid Style in American Politics - http://www.harpers.org/archive/2007/08/hbc-90000908 - published in 1964, still reads like it was written the day after tomorrow). It is stoked and fed by the most cynical, unpatriotic elements in our polity: think-tanks, astroturf groupings with serious money to spread around, grandstanding moral midgets like Beck and Limbaugh, and by a Republican Party under threat from both its vanishing moderate wing and its reckless, almost suicidal rightmost flank.
It's like the end of Terminator 2: as the monster dies it reenacts every last one of its stolen identities before it sinks into the vat of molten steel. But you gotta assume the thing will simply die in the end.
Houston Nutt appears to be interested in the UConn job. The former Ole Miss coach reportedly called a Connecticut high school coach unsolicited, seeking information about the high school landscape within the state.
“Houston wanted to know about the landscape of football in Connecticut and what kind of players we had, the skill-level, and the hot-beds for talent,” said the coach who spoke on the condition of anonymity. “I guess he's doing his research. I was taken by surprise a little bit. I'm not sure how he got my cell number.”
Nutt would be a “big name hire.” He would get people “interested in UConn football.” Though, it would be quite the culture shock. The furthest North and East Nutt has ever coached is Murray State in Kentucky. The school that hired a coach for his “character and integrity” in 2011 would be hiring oversigning's poster boy.
UConn is not an A-list job, but there should be ample competition. There are other experienced candidates who could be in play, including Greg Schiano and Mario Cristobal. Michigan State DC Pat Narduzzi is ready for a head coaching gig. UConn could also look at Towson coach (and former UConn OC) Rob Ambrose.
Related: College Football and Branding: Why Employing a Paul Pasqualoni is Untenable
[Photo via USA Today Sports]
CHILMARK, Mass. (Reuters) - Declaring he was tired of talking about Donald Trump, President Barack Obama urged Democrats on Monday not to grow too confident about their prospects in the 2016 election despite Hillary Clinton's strong position in the race for the White House.
U.S. President Barack Obama is joined by Democratic Nominee for President Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. July 27, 2016. REUTERS/Scott Audette
Obama, who is on a two-week vacation in Martha's Vineyard, an island off the coast of Massachusetts, took a short break from his relaxation time to raise money for Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee he hopes will succeed him when he leaves office in January.
Clinton leads Trump in opinion polls, and the Republican nominee's campaign has suffered following remarks he made denigrating the parents of a fallen Muslim American soldier and charging that Obama was the founder of the Islamic State militant group.
The president warned his party, however, to maintain a sense of urgency until the Nov. 8 election.
“If we are not running scared until the day after the election, we are going to be making a grave mistake,” Obama told some 60 donors who contributed $10,000 each to attend the fundraiser at a private home on the island.
“If we do our job, then Hillary will be elected president of the United States. But if we do not do our jobs, then it's still possible for her to lose.”
The remarks could foreshadow the president's role this fall in encouraging get-out-the-vote efforts for Clinton, his former secretary of state.
Obama has made clear his disdain for Trump, calling him unqualified for the White House. He told the donors he was tired of talking about Clinton's rival.
“I don't have to make the case against her opponent, because every time he talks he makes the case against his own candidacy,” Obama said.
The president is expected to campaign heavily for Clinton in October.
Last week, Amazon accepted final bids in the host city competition for its second headquarters. Over 200 cities applied across North America, with pitches that ranged from exhaustive too persuasive to seemingly stunt-based.
With the bidding period closed, the ball is now in Amazon's court. But how will the tech giant choose a winner?
For an informed answer, we asked six of our experts representing diverse fields — transportation, partnerships, technology, education, and leadership — to weigh in on the keys. The question was simple: What's the most underrated factor that will be essential to Amazon's decision?
Brooks Rainwater (Senior Executive and Director, Center for City Solutions)
One of the under-appreciated critical assets will be that the city selected reflects organic urbanism that can only be found in cities that have grown and morphed over generations rather than years.
Walkability is a necessity rather than an amenity — not a late addition to somewhere designed first for cars. Cobblestones and culture infuse the air, with universities creating an intellectual vitality that draws in talent from across the globe.
Subscribe to CitiesSpeak
Christy McFarland (Research Director)
Regional coordination. Amazon went so far as to request that metro areas “coordinate with relevant jurisdictions to submit one RFP for your MSA” because it is highly unlikely that one jurisdiction will have all assets needed to support 50,000 new jobs.
The RFP process may be a test case to see which places have the governance structure and political environment to be able to tackle large scale regional issues, like housing, traffic congestion and workforce training, that will directly affect Amazon's bottom-line.
Brittney Kohler (Director, Transportation & Infrastructure)
Amazon was clear that connectivity, both for people and by fiber, would set an application apart. Many cities' pain points come back to issues of connectivity – whether a huge highway divides a city or if limited transportation options force people into cars on already congested roads.
The competition for Amazon HQ2 should have every city asking how they make workers' commutes better today and take a deep dive into planning to make their transportation and fiber network ready for the next great company that comes knocking.
David Maloney (Director, Strategic Partnerships and Development)
Aside from the most obvious concerns, a big question is: How will Amazon approach the community?
It's entirely possible that they will parachute into a city and suddenly be a top 5 employer. Public perception will likely be mixed, so the type of corporate citizen they decide to be will be critical to building a lasting partnership. Prioritizing proactive engagement with community stakeholders, civic leaders, educational institutions, business and industry, and local government will likely be one of the most important decisions they make.
Michael Nelson (Program Manager, West Region and former mayor, Carrboro, NC)
The most underrated factor that people aren't talking about is transit. Cities that haven't invested in public transit infrastructure are at a serious disadvantage.
Let's face it. Amazon is looking to move 50,000 employees to and from work every day. Cities that rely primarily on roads and SOV vehicles have put themselves at a disadvantage for long-term economic develop opportunities like Amazon.
Dana D'Orazio (Program Manager, Postsecondary Education)
The biggest question is: Are cities utilizing their resources to ensure local talent is ready for the jobs of the future? Cities need to leverage their multi-sector partners to build pathways to these jobs.
This means providing meaningful training and related education; early exposure and connection to careers; and access to experiences that build not only in-demand skills but result in critical thinkers and life-learners. This will be the workforce that can navigate the unknown and set cities apart in terms of thriving economies.
Share this: Tweet
As cryptocurrencies grow in popularity, they will continue to threaten revenue streams of the traditional banking system, according to a new report from the British Banking Association (BBA).
A section of The Digital Disruption: UK Banking Report looks specifically at cryptocurrencies and the impact they have already had, and will continue to have, on people's perceptions of monetary transfer.
“Cryptocurrencies increasingly look like becoming ubiquitous challengers to more familiar, established currencies. And, as they grow in popularity, so too will the risks for banks,” the report reads.
It goes on to emphasise issues presented and faced by bitcoin, including its volatility, its perception as a haven for illegal payments activity and its relatively low market cap ($3.4bn at press time).
However, the report concedes that the risks presented to the banking system by bitcoin should not be ignored:
“Bitcoin users can handle many of their daily payments needs themselves, without the need for interaction with banks, and avoiding the need to incur bank fees. In the same way, value stored in PayPal accounts moves outside of the bank's payment systems, depriving banks of valuable payments revenue.”
The BBA believes it is important for banks to take action now, investing time and energy in understanding how best to use the technology behind bitcoin.
“Banks must accept that they are increasingly part of the broader ecosystems that customers are constructing around themselves. However, their place in these ecosystems is far from secure,” the report concludes.
The hearing seemed largely routine until a state prosecutor approached the lectern.
Deputy Atty. Gen. Kevin R. Vienna was there to urge three judges on the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals to uphold murder convictions against Johnny Baca for two 1995 killings in Riverside County. Other courts had already determined that prosecutors had presented false evidence in Baca's trial but upheld the verdicts anyway.
Vienna had barely started his argument when the pummeling began.
ESSENTIAL CALIFORNIA NEWSLETTER >> Get great stories delivered to your inbox
Judge Alex Kozinski asked Vienna if his boss, Atty. Gen. Kamala D. Harris, wanted to defend a conviction "obtained by lying prosecutors." If Harris did not back off the case, Kozinski warned, the court would "name names" in a ruling that would not be "very pretty."
Criticism of a state prosecutor begins around the 15:50 mark. Video via 9th Circuit Court of Appeals on YouTube. Criticism of a state prosecutor begins around the 15:50 mark. Video via 9th Circuit Court of Appeals on YouTube.
Judge Kim Wardlaw wanted to know why Riverside County prosecutors presented a murder-for-hire case against the killer but did not charge the man they said had arranged the killings.
"It looks terrible," said Judge William Fletcher.
The January hearing in Pasadena, posted online under new 9th Circuit policies, provided a rare and critical examination of a murder case in which prosecutors presented false evidence but were never investigated or disciplined.
The low-profile case probably would have gone unnoticed if not for the video, which attorneys emailed to other attorneys and debated on blogs.
The 9th Circuit keeps seeing this misconduct over and over again. This is one way they can really call attention to it. — Gerald Uelmen, of the Santa Clara University School of Law
In a series of searing questions, the three judges expressed frustration and anger that California state judges were not cracking down on prosecutorial misconduct. By law, federal judges are supposed to defer to the decisions of state court judges.
Prosecutors "got caught this time but they are going to keep doing it because they have state judges who are willing to look the other way," Kozinski said.
Santa Clara University law professor Gerald Uelmen said the judges' questions and tone showed they had lost patience with California courts. State judges are supposed to refer errant lawyers, including prosecutors, to the state bar for discipline, but they rarely do, Uelmen said.
"It is a cumulative type thing," Uelmen said. "The 9th Circuit keeps seeing this misconduct over and over again. This is one way they can really call attention to it."
A 2010 report by the Northern California Innocence Project cited 707 cases in which state courts found prosecutorial misconduct over 11 years. Only six of the prosecutors were disciplined, and the courts upheld 80% of the convictions in spite of the improprieties, the study found.
The case that sparked the court's recent outrage involved the killing of John Adair and his live-in partner, John Mix, two decades ago. Baca, a friend of Adair's adopted son, was working as a houseboy for the couple.
A jailhouse informant testified that Baca had confided the son planned the killing. The two were going to split Adair's inheritance, the informant said. Other witnesses testified that Adair was planning to disinherit his son, who was never charged in the case.
Baca was tried twice and found guilty both times. A state appeals court overturned the first verdict. The second withstood an appeal, even though the state court found the informant and a Riverside County prosecutor had given false testimony.
The informant falsely testified he had asked for and received no favors. The prosecutor falsely corroborated that on the stand, according to court records. Baca was sentenced to 70 years to life.
Patrick J. Hennessey Jr., who has represented Baca on appeal for nearly two decades, said he had never seen such an "egregious" case of prosecutorial misconduct.
"That is what bothered me," Hennessey said. "There was never a fair discussion of how serious the issue was."
A U.S. magistrate who next examined the case said Baca might not have been convicted of first-degree murder but for the false testimony. He said the federal court nevertheless was supposed to defer to the state courts.
"Sadly, this informant's lies were bolstered by a Deputy District Attorney, who also lied," wrote Magistrate Judge Patrick J. Walsh. "What is obvious … is that the Riverside County District Attorney's Office turned a blind eye to fundamental principles of justice to obtain a conviction."
Armed with the magistrate's report, the three judges on the 9th Circuit panel appeared incredulous about the facts of the case.
Wardlaw, a Clinton appointee, complained that California's courts were "condoning" prosecutorial misconduct by upholding verdicts, a rare public criticism of her fellow judges. She suggested that state judges, who must be approved by voters, fear inciting the public's wrath. Federal judges are appointed for life.
"I understand why they do that," Wardlaw said. "They are elected judges. They are not going to be reversing these things."
Fletcher, another Clinton appointee, observed that the state's attorney general had fought "tooth and nail" more than a decade ago to prevent a court from seeing a transcript that revealed the false evidence.
"It would look terrible in an opinion when we write it up and name names," Kozinski, a Reagan appointee, told the government lawyer. "Would your name be on?"
Vienna said he was not involved in the case at the time, but named others in the office.
Kozinski demanded to know why the informant and the testifying prosecutor were not charged with perjury. He suggested the state bar should pull the law license of the prosecutor who presented the evidence.
Retired Deputy Dist. Atty. Paul Vinegrad, who prosecuted Baca in both trials, said in an interview that he did not suspect deceit. He said he has since learned that his colleague who falsely testified — former Deputy Dist. Atty. Robert Spira — had memory problems and may have been confused. Spira, who no longer practices law, could not be reached for comment.
Vinegrad also said he believed in the murder-for-hire case he presented, but that there was not enough evidence to charge the son. The informant's testimony against the son would not have been admissible under legal rules at the time, Vinegrad said.
Kozinski, who in the past has spoken out about an "epidemic" of prosecutorial misconduct, asked Vienna whether Harris was aware of the case. Vienna indicated she probably was not. Kozinski told him to get her attention within 48 hours. Harris would need to take action if her office wanted to avoid an embarrassing ruling, Kozinski said.
The proposed Trans Pacific Partnership is likely to push up the price of medicines, stop some Australians from taking their medicines and make it harder to restrict the sale of tobacco and alcohol, a comprehensive review of the deal between Australia and 11 other nations including the US and Japan has found.
The so-called health impact statement, compiled by the Centre for Health Equity Training Research and Evaluation at the University of NSW relies on leaked texts of draft chapters of the agreement Australia is preparing to seal within weeks.
Although its stated aim is to bring down trade barriers and allow mutual recognition of standards, many of its provisions deal with medicines and make it difficult for member countries to move against foreign-owned corporations.
The health impact statement follows Commonwealth guidelines for such statements in place for more than a decade. Although such statements are not required for new projects in the same way as are environmental impact statements, they are an accepted procedure for establishing the impact of new proposals on health.
Starting today we're rolling out an update to the Android 8.1 developer preview, the last before the official launch to consumers in December. Android 8.1 adds targeted enhancements to the Oreo platform, including optimizations for Android Go (for devices with 1GB or less of memory) and a Neural Networks API to accelerate on-device machine intelligence. We've also included a few smaller enhancements to Oreo in response to user and developer feedback.
If you have a device enrolled in the Android Beta Program, you'll receive the update over the next few days. If you haven't enrolled yet, just visit the Android Beta site to enroll and get the update.
At the official release in December we'll bring Android 8.1 to all supported Pixel and Nexus devices worldwide -- including Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL, Pixel, Pixel XL, Pixel C, Nexus 5X, and Nexus 6P. Watch for announcements soon.
What's in this update?
This preview update includes near-final Android 8.1 system images for Pixel and Nexus devices, with official APIs (API level 27), the latest optimizations and bug fixes, and the November 2017 security patch updates. You can use the images for compatibility testing or to develop using new Android 8.1 features like the Neural Networks API and others.
The Neural Networks API provides accelerated computation and inference for on-device machine learning frameworks like TensorFlow Lite -- Google's cross-platform ML library for mobile -- as well as Caffe2 and others. TensorFlow Lite is now available to developers, so visit the TensorFlow Lite open source repo for downloads and docs. TensorFlow Lite works with the Neural Networks API to run models like MobileNets, Inception v3, and Smart Reply efficiently on your mobile device.
Also, for Pixel 2 users, the Android 8.1 update on these devices enables Pixel Visual Core -- Google's first custom-designed co-processor for image processing and ML -- through a new developer option. Once enabled, apps using Android Camera API can capture HDR+ shots through Pixel Visual Core. See the release notes for details.
Get your apps ready
With the consumer launch coming in December, it's important to test your current app now. This ensures that users transition seamlessly to Android 8.1 when it arrives on their devices.
Just enroll your eligible device in Android Beta to get the latest update, then install your app from Google Play and test. If you don't have a Pixel or Nexus device, you can set up an Android 8.1 emulator for testing instead. If you notice any issues, fix them and update your app in Google Play right away -- without changing the app's platform targeting.
When you're ready, take advantage of new features and APIs in Android 8.1. See the developer preview site, the API 27 diff report, and the updated API reference for details.
Speed your development with Android Studio
To build with Android 8.1, we recommend updating to Android Studio 3.0, which is now available from the stable channel. On top of the new app performance profiling tools, support for the Kotlin programming language, and Gradle build optimizations, Android Studio 3.0 makes it easier to develop with Android Oreo features like Instant Apps, XML Fonts, downloadable fonts, and adaptive icons.
We also recommend updating to the Android Support Library 27.0.0, which is available from Google's Maven repository. See the version notes for details on what's new.
Publish your updates to Google Play
Google Play is open for apps compiled against or targeting API 27. When you're ready, you can publish your APK updates in your alpha, beta, or production channels.
To make sure your app runs well on Android 8.1 as well as older versions, we recommend using Google Play's beta testing feature to run an alpha test on small group of users. Then run much open beta test on a much larger group of users. When you're ready to launch your update, you can use a staged rollout in your production channel. We're looking forward to seeing your app updates!
Give us your feedback
As always, your feedback is crucial, so please keep it coming!. We've set up different hotlists where you can report Android platform issues, app compatibility issues, and third-party SDKs and tools issues. We also have a dedicated hotlist for Neural Networks API issues.
You can also give us feedback through the Android Developer community or Android Beta community as we work towards the consumer release in December.
In May, as ISIS terrorists captured the Iraqi city of Ramadi and the Syrian city of Palmyra, and with the FBI warning of hundreds of radicalized sympathizers here in the U.S., the ABC, CBS and NBC broadcast evening newscasts devoted a combined 84.5 minutes to ISIS, compared to just under 40 minutes in April.
Yet even though the coverage doubled, evening news viewers last month heard virtually no criticism of President Obama's handling of ISIS — just 43 seconds in a pair of NBC Nightly News stories, or less than one percent of the coverage.
The networks aired a combined 48 news stories on ISIS, but none brought up the President's vow, made in a televised White House address last September 10, that the U.S. would “lead a broad coalition” whose objective was to to “destroy” ISIS “through a comprehensive and sustained counter-terrorism strategy.”
While some evening news stories second-guessed the U.S. strategy as ineffective, none attached President Obama personally to the failing policies. The only criticism of the President came for his “Baghdad Bob”-esque
claim that the war against ISIS was going well.
On the May 21 Nightly News, NBC's Richard Engel told anchor Lester Holt: “In an interview published today, the President said he does not think the U.S. is losing the war on ISIS and described the recent loss in Ramadi as, quote, ‘a tactical setback.' But, frankly, Lester, military analysts I've been speaking to, and military officials, say the current U.S. strategy just isn't working.”
Three days later, NBC White House correspondent Chris Jansing told viewers that “even Democrats” disputed Obama's rosy assertion: “Just last week, the President said ‘I don't think we're losing,' and called Ramadi ‘a tactical setback.' It's an assessment, though, even Democrats disputed today.”
Neither ABC nor CBS found time to tell their evening news viewers about Obama's optimistic claim. And, for the most part, the networks suggested criticism lay with the military itself, not the Commander-in-Chief who established the overall policy.
For example, a May 26 report by CBS News correspondent David Martin explained how the air campaign against ISIS was hurt by not having U.S. forces on the front lines to help with the targeting: “Pentagon officials acknowledge strikes flown with controllers would be more efficient, but they are not willing to put Americans on the frontlines of a battle the Iraqis have to win for themselves.”
Martin's report skipped over the fact that it was the President who in his September 10 speech insisted that the military advisors he was sending to Iraq “will not have a combat mission. We will not get dragged into another ground war in Iraq.”
As the New York Post pointed out in a May 23 editorial, Obama's policies have failed to blunt ISIS:
The week that was brought fresh evidence that President Obama has no actual strategy to defeat ISIS — just talking points, platitudes and gestures.
ISIS takes Ramadi in Iraq and Palmyra in Syria — each a city of great strategic, economic and symbolic value. The US response: Send Iraq 1,000 anti-tank missiles, downplay the victories and have the president intone, “I don't think we're losing.”
Reality check: In the nine months since Obama announced his anti-ISIS coalition, ISIS territory has grown 20 percent. Most of the coalition's 50 “members” have done nothing in the fight.
Even US forces have done far less than they might, flying far fewer bombing sorties than they could — and almost never bombing ISIS's capital or command facilities in Raqqa, Syria.
The broadcast networks certainly aren't hiding this dire news, but they're helpfully insulating President Obama from the consequences of his policy choices.
[Note: The statistics in this report reflect coverage from May 1 to May 31. In their June 8 broadcasts, ABC and CBS offered a skeptical take on President Obama's “amazing” and “startling” admission that the U.S. still had no “complete strategy” to confront ISIS. ABC's Terry Moran was the toughest: “It was an amazing admission from President Obama. He said the same thing last August, we have no strategy and now, it's been ten months since he sent American forces back into action in Iraq and today, he says the same thing: There is no strategy to win.”]
Considering the location of the 49ers' new Levi's Stadium (Santa Clara, in the heart of Silicon Valley) and its price tag ($1.2 billion), building a venue that was anything less than a technological wonderland would have constituted a treasonous act. So, the Niners anted up. Back in May, Tim Newcomb wrote about many of the stadium's impressive specs; more recently, news emerged that the team was developing an app that will facilitate concessions delivery to every seat and help fans find the shortest beer and bathroom lines.
Orchestrating all the techy efforts has been a team of front office execs with formidable Silicon Valley pedigrees. Niners president Gideon Yu was previously a SVP at Yahoo and CFO at both YouTube and Facebook. Dan Williams, who is working on the new stadium's network and infrastructure, and CTO Kunal Malik both came from Facebook. And Doug Garland, the team's General Manager of Stadium Experience and Technology, is a veteran of Google, Yahoo, and Shazam. With the start of the team's final season at Candlestick just two weeks away, we caught up with Garland to learn more about the technological horn o' plenty awaiting fans in 2015.
Extra Mustard: You guys are building this fancy new stadium, and soon you'll have an app to match. What goals did you have while developing it?
Doug Garland: On a meta level, we set out to make it so that the decision to come to a live game is less of a trade-off in terms of giving up some of the things that you can get in your home experience. The most common refrain we hear from our fans is that as exciting as it is to come to the venue, the competition from the home—with HD programming, commentary and replay, and your fridge right around the corner—is stiff. We want the venue experience to be the best experience, and every development on the stadium and app is being carried out with that in mind.
One aspect that deeply resonates with fans is the ability to access on-demand instant replay for every play from a variety of camera angles. We're going to encourage fans to bring their mobile devices -- tablets and smart phones -- and let that provide an “in the lap” experience. The replays will come from a live feed of the play-by-play, and we will also be updating statistics in real-time and providing critical updates, like the status of players' injuries. These are things that fans know right away when they watch on TV, but forego in the traditional stadium experience. We've also talked about incorporating NFL Red Zone, and though nothing is official, I'm fairly certain we'll do so.
Then there's in-seat food delivery, a utility to help fans navigate the stadium to find concessions stands or merchandise outlets with specific offerings, and mobile ticketing, which will enable fans to enter the stadium by scanning the barcode on their device, and allow season ticketholders to transfer their seats.
How far along is the app?
We're not on model 1.0, but we are early in the prototype stage. We have a build that simulates in-game activity—it's presently hooked up to a stand in Candlestick to test ordering for food, beverages and merchandise. We ran a trial of the app on a small scale with 49ers staff for our preseason game against the Broncos, and the technology worked even better than we thought it would. We were able to transmit food orders from mobile devices, and they were delivered to the seats.
I'm thinking about how long it takes to get food at games right now. With delivery orders added on top of that, it's easy to imagine concessioners getting bogged down. What's the target delivery time for in-seat orders?
We don't have specific targets yet, but you and I both know that if it takes, say, an hour to get your hot dog and soda, that's too long. We need to make sure that we have enough staff on hand to deliver food in a reasonable timeframe, and at the same time it's important that we create only a minimal disturbance to other fans sitting in the section. Many questions remain: What's the traffic going to be like for food runners? If you're sitting in the center of a section, what is the most effective way to get the food delivered to you? We're going to offer this service for every seat, not just prestige ones, and that's a big undertaking. There are smaller implementations of delivery at various venues, but I don't know anybody that is doing it for 70,000 people. It's a lot to consider.
What I can say is that when someone places an order, we'll let them know estimated time of delivery and then keep them updated on the progress. At the same time, some fans might not want in-seat delivery because they like to walk around. For them, we'll enable pre-paying for express pickups: You pay for your order ahead of time, and then identify yourself when you get there. No more waiting in long lines.
One especially appealing planned feature is the bathroom line monitor. How in the world does that work?
We're looking at a variety of solutions -- everything from manual processing to advanced technology that utilizes motion sensors. While there's always a tendency to leap towards the flashiest new technology, we want to make sure that we are providing the right level of service as opposed to deploying technology solely for technology's sake.
You're promising on-demand video for a stadium that will be filled with nearly 70,000 people. What kind of heavyweight Wi-FI system will you be installing to accommodate all that traffic?
We're going to use both a standard 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi band and a 5 GHz band that was recently allocated by the FCC for Wi-Fi usage. If you go back even just a handful of years, mobile devices didn't have the capability to work at 5 GHz. Now that they do; it's just a matter of setting up the stadium's antennas and chips in the appropriate way.
It can be a nightmare trying to get a cell phone reception in some stadiums. Moving much of the data load to Wi-Fi should help, but are you guys planning anything to help 4G users get a reliable signal?
The best option is going to be Wi-Fi. However, for those that are unable to access Wi-Fi, we are deploying a distributed antenna system -- DAS -- in the stadium that's going to allow phones to work more effectively with all the cellular operators.
What you're doing is more than just building an app—you're also creating the environment in which it will function. How has that flexibility impacted your plans?
Well, the challenge that existing venues have is that there are all these independent systems that work very well for their specific functions, but aren't tied together—they're islands of functionality or information. We are working to combine every aspect of the stadium into a robust, integrated network. The hardware to make all this work includes video boards, security cameras, our Wi-Fi system, and, eventually, motion sensors to track lines. The software-driven aspect will integrate ticketing and point-of-sale systems, video displays, and content production, and in order to provide instant replay we will have a system for ingesting, cutting, annotating, and encoding the video so it can be viewed by different devices.
The benefit of all this integration is twofold: Fans will be able to interact with these systems through the app, which will initially be available for iOS and Android, and the management will have enterprise software that helps us understand what's going on from transaction and fan experience standpoints. This will help us manage the operations more effectively.
Your plans would set a high bar as far as the stadium experience goes. Have other teams asked for advice on retrofitting?
There have been a few that I've spoken with, and it isn't just NFL teams or even American franchises. We'd love to see this experience go farther and will be very open with other teams about what's working, where we've learned lessons, and hopefully how we've gotten better. Of course, just as when you are building a new house, it is an advantage, from an infrastructure perspective, to know where to drill for the wiring. Though it's far from impossible for teams with older stadiums to improve their technological set-up, it would take a lot of doing.
The major hurdle in retrofitting would be from a Wi-Fi standpoint. Almost every venue out there has struggled with Wi-Fi. You need connectivity, and you need to do that physically. You have to deploy the access points. You have to connect the access points back into a network, and that means physically securing them in the right way and making sure that you can run the network connectivity back to a temple network room. If you're building into an older stadium, you have to work around some of the structures that are already in place as opposed to planning on all that.
From there, the software systems -- which, as I previously mentioned, are likely functioning independently -- would need to be integrated and designed to work along with the video production systems. This would all be very difficult, but it can be done.
Raising awareness of all these features is going to be an important part of improving the fan experience, especially for fans who aren't tech savvy. Has the team begun thinking about its approach to marketing?
Nothing specific yet, but as we understand things better, we'll get there. There's a lot that teams can do to more effectively relate to their fans. In many ways teams have been flying blind—they don't really understand fan behavior, and because of ticket resale, they may not even know how many games their fans even attend. Teams certainly aren't aware of the specific fans who spend more money on concessions and merchandise, in large part because the methods to get fan feedback have been sub-standard. That's something we want to leverage with the app for as well. We're still in the early days in terms of how professional sports teams are relating to their fans.
If you follow hundreds of people on Twitter, Ryan Glasspiegel should be one of them.
Katana is Microsoft's stand-alone implementation of OWIN, the Open Interface for .NET standard. It provides a lightweight alternative to IIS and System.Web when those features are not needed or desirable. With the release of version 3, Kanata is wholly to the asynchronous model offered by .NET 4.5.
Microsoft's deprecation of .NET 4.0 support in Katana is not surprising. Whilst .NET has had asynchronous support since NET 2.0's IAsyncResult model, Node.js appears to have gained all the mindshare. Microsoft may well be hoping to reverse the trend with .NET 4.5's async/await model.
Furthermore, Microsoft is trying to dramatically reduce its maintenance burden by moving developers off older versions .NET by early 2016. Making it clear that new APIs won't be offered for .NET 4.0 goes a long way to accomplishing that goal.
In terms of new functionality, mostly they concentrated on “enterprise grade authentication and claims based identity”. Vittorio Bertocci of the Katana 3 project mentioned these three protocols specifically:
WS-Federation
OpenId Connect (id_token and id_token+code, via form_post)
OAuth2 bearer token authentication for Web API
Vittorio also wrote,
This release includes fixes for issues related to Twitter and Google API changes. If you have an app using Google authentication and you are updating to Katana 3, please make sure you read this post!
Katana is available via NuGet. According to the Katana website, there are over 20 packages to choose from depending on which features you need. (Contrast this to classic ASP.NET where almost everything was crammed into one massive assembly.)
Michael Lind (Image via YouTube)
Michael Lind either misunderstands it or is intellectually dishonest.
If you would like to see everything that is wrong, shallow, and dishonest about our contemporary political discourse in one neat package, read Michael Lind's recent drive-by defamation of Bryan Caplan, “Libertarians' scary new star.”
Start with whoever writes the headlines over at Salon and that adjective, “new.” Professor Caplan has enjoyed some prominence for some time now, and, even accounting for the fact that the writers at Salon, to say nothing of the readers, don't seem to get out much, intellectually speaking, his work is not new to readers of, say, The New Yorker or Psychology Today. Professor Caplan is one of the few serious thinkers of his tendency who have managed to connect to some extent with audiences beyond the relatively narrow libertarian and conservative circles. The irony here is that one of his more famous ideas, the “ideological Turing test,” would be of great benefit to Mr. Lind, among others.
Advertisement
Advertisement
#ad#The ideological Turing test, modeled on Alan Turing's 1950 thought experiment for measuring the approximation of intelligence in computers, is relatively simple. It holds that a political partisan can be said to adequately understand opposing ideas if he is able to articulate them in such a way that his explanation would be indistinguishable from an explanation offered by a person holding those ideas when judged by a neutral panel. Judging from his piece on Professor Caplan, Mr. Lind has about as much a chance of clearing that hurdle as I do of dancing Coppélia with the Bolshoi Ballet.
Mr. Lind's piece contains no analysis. Like a great deal of what currently passes for commentary, it is mostly a half-organized swarm of insults out of which emerges the occasional tendentious misstatement of Professor Caplan's views and those of the libertarian thinkers with whom he is sometimes associated. Mr. Lind begins by bemoaning our alleged national descent into plutocracy and writes: “Some on the libertarian right have responded to this research by welcoming our new plutocratic overlords. Among This is Bryan Caplan.” Professor Caplan, author of The Myth of the Rational Voter, is a trenchant critic of electoral decision-making. Voters, he argues, suffer from specific, predictable biases — anti-market bias, anti-foreign bias, make-work bias, and pessimistic bias — that causes them to hold, and act on, untrue beliefs about the way the world works. Being an economist, Professor Caplan focuses on what voters believe about economics vs. what professional economists believe. He characterizes the typical American voter as a moderate national socialist who strongly supports state intervention in many areas, and remarks, “Given public opinion, the policies of First World democracies are surprisingly libertarian.”
Advertisement
There is a great deal of agreement among the poor, the middle class, and the rich on most political issues, but the rich are significantly more libertarian than are the poor. As Professor Caplan notes, the wealthy and the poor both support raising the minimum wage, but the poor much more strongly so. You might think that that is a question of narrow self-interest, but self-interest, counterintuitively, has little effect on public opinion. And the rich are more libertarian than the poor not only on economic issues but also on social issues. The poor are “much more anti-gay,” Professor Caplan writes. “They're much less opposed to restricting free speech to fight terrorism.” On the relatively few issues on which there is strong disagreement between the poor and the rich, the preferences of the rich have tended to prevail, and that pleases Professor Caplan, because that means that more libertarian policies are put into place than public opinion would suggest. “To avoid misinterpretation,” he writes, “this does not mean that American democracy has a strong tendency to supply the policies that most materially benefit the rich. It doesn't.” But there is no avoiding misinterpretation when the opposite side is committed to misinterpreting you. Professor Caplan celebrates the advance of gay rights, pushback against the surveillance state, and, regrettably (especially for the author of Selfish Reasons to Have More Kids), abortion rights, among other items on the progressive social agenda. Mr. Lind sees only a champion of plutocracy — because that is all he is inclined to see.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mr. Lind, who shares with fellow former conservative David Brock the convert's zeal, is something of a fanatic on the subject of libertarianism, and the bulk of his piece is dedicated to abominating every libertarian thinker he's ever heard of, making the case that the abominable Professor Caplan should fit right in. He starts with the predictable home-run swing (“you might be tempted to dismiss Bryan Caplan as just another Koch-funded libertarian hack . . . ” and follows up with “Koch-subsidized intelligentsia of the libertarian right,” “almost all of them are paid, directly or indirectly, by a handful of angry, arrogant rich guys,” “third-rate minds like Peter Thiel”), goes right into the shallow insults (“that near-oxymoron, libertarian thought”), and then proceeds to the greatest hits: “Ludwig von Mises praised Mussolini,” “Friedrich von Hayek” [NB: The Hayek family ceased being the “von Hayek” family in 1919, when Hayek was twenty, and he did not use the honorific himself, but that “von” sounds kind of Nazi-ish, so, there you have it] admired the military dictator Augusto Pinochet,” and closes out with moral preening: “Our squalid age of plutocratic democracy has found a thinker worthy of it.”
Advertisement
Is any of that true?
Advertisement
Advertisement
#page#Begin with the claim that “Ludwig von Mises praised Mussolini.” Mr. Lind cites a passage from Mises's The Foundations of Liberal Policy as evidence. Mussolini himself is not considered at all in the work, in which Mises describe fascism as “evil,” as an ideology that “cannot fail to give rise to an endless series of wars that must destroy all of modern civilization,” and argues that “fascism does nothing to combat [socialism] except to suppress socialist ideas and to persecute the people who spread them. If it wanted really to combat socialism, it would have to oppose it with ideas. There is, however, only one idea that can be effectively opposed to socialism, viz., that of liberalism.” Mises conclude that in the struggle against Communism, fascism was an “emergency makeshift. To view it as something more would be a fatal error.” That is not praise of Mussolini or his ideology.
Advertisement
#ad#This is not a matter of opinion or a question of interpretation. It is simply untrue to claim that Mises admired Mussolini or fascism. This is all in the same chapter that Mr. Lind cites; all he had to do was read it and to exercise some degree of intellectual honesty.
Advertisement
Hayek, like Milton Friedman, advised the Pinochet government, and I've always liked Friedman's response to those who criticized his doing so: “I gave them good advice.” He made identical presentations to the Communist government of China, which, unlike the Pinochet regime, did not have the good sense to follow some of Friedman's advice. Friedman was no mooncalf: “I have nothing good to say about the political regime that Pinochet imposed.” Hayek had more of a blind spot when it came to Chile and was privately rebuked by Margaret Thatcher for failing to fully take account of the abuses that were going on there. But is it true that Hayek personally admired General Pinochet? He repeatedly said that he believed the Pinochet regime to be an improvement on the Marxist strongman Salvador Allende. Whether you think that that is an indefensible position probably depends strongly on your views about Communism. Was Mises, writing in 1927, when the Third International had declared war on liberal government categorically and was carrying out armed insurgencies around the world, a crypto-fascist because he was pleased to see the Communists defeated? It is impossible to be even trivially familiar with his work and his beliefs to conclude that. The irony here is that Mr. Lind is the author of a book expounding the glories of one of Mussolini's main tenets: nationalism. Not to mention that he is the author of a love poem to Woodrow Wilson, the American president who most closely resembled Mussolini's ideal.
Many who were very pleased to see Francisco Franco triumph over the Communists in Spain were not closet Falangists, and many who wished victory for Chiang Kai-shek bore no brief for the Kuomintang. It is a very old, tired, and cheap rhetorical ploy to revisit a century of Communist insurrection around the world and to tar the anti-Communists with the crimes of ideologically distant forces that also opposed Communism. Strange that the American Left, which actively supported and still supports Communist regimes around the world, is rarely if ever associated with the 100 million–and-counting murders on that unhappy account. Pinochet or Allende? Thomas Jefferson was not available for duty in Chile.
Also, “third-rate mind like Peter Thiel”? Does anybody who can read (especially if they read verse) really believe that Michael Lind is in any sort of position to sit in intellectual judgment of Peter Thiel? Does any serious person think that the founder of PayPal and Palantir, a former federal appeals-court clerk, Stanford philosophy graduate, and rated chess master is a third-rate mind? Michael Lind could dedicate his entire life to trying to build something like Palantir and not make a dent. The New America Foundation, which employs Mr. Lind, is chaired by Google's Eric Schmidt. I wonder if he thinks that Peter Thiel's intellect is third-rate. But that sort of preposterous name-calling makes intellectual mediocrities — writers and their readers both — feel smart.
There is something interesting to say, though Mr. Lind probably is not capable of saying it, about Professor Caplan's views on the defects of democracy, which are in some ways very radical but in many ways very familiar. The belief that voters will often choose bad policies, support inhumane values, or do violence to national principles is hardly new — it is, for instance, why we have a Bill of Rights. It is true that poor Americans are more likely to support government censorship than are wealthy Americans — should we lament that the First Amendment still, a Senate Democrat or 40 notwithstanding, prevails?
I do not believe that Mr. Lind is intellectually capable of writing with honesty and insight about Professor Caplan or his ideas. But if I have learned anything from Bryan Caplan, it is to be open to the possibility that I am wrong. So I offer a challenge: If Michael Lind can pass Professor Caplan's ideological Turing test, I will publish the results here, send him my last bottle of 1982 Bordeaux with my compliments, and read his dopey Woodrow Wilson poem on an upcoming episode of Mad Dogs and Englishmen. He has nothing to lose — he'll have to go on being Michael Lind in either case. I look forward to his response.
— Kevin D. Williamson is roving correspondent for National Review.
Court United States District Court, Central District of California Full case name Claire Headley v. Church of Scientology International, et al.
Headley et al. v. Church of Scientology International et al. was a court case filed in 2009 by Claire and Marc Headley against the Church of Scientology International alleging that the organization had violated laws against human trafficking and violated their human rights during their time of employment in the Sea Org. The Federal District Court decided that ministerial exemption protected the Church of Scientology from litigation and dismissed the case. The Headleys appealed. In 2012, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the lower court's dismissal; it did not address the Constitutional issues of the trafficking and abuse claims (as had the lower court), but found the Headleys had produced little evidence for their claims.[1][2]
History [ edit ]
In 2009, Marc and Claire Headley sued the Church under the federal Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000. In response, Church lawyers argued that the First Amendment prohibited the courts from considering "a forced labor claim premised upon ... social and psychological factors", because they concern "the beliefs, the religious upbringing, the religious training, the religious practices, the religious lifestyle restraints of a religious order."[3]
Ruling [ edit ]
The Church acknowledged that the rules under which the Headleys lived included a ban on having children, censored mail, monitored phone calls, needing permission to have Internet access and being disciplined through manual labor. The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals noted in a ruling given in July 2012 that Marc Headley had been made to clean human excrement by hand from an aeration pond on the compound with no protective equipment, while Claire Headley was banned from the dining hall for up to eight months in 2002. She lost 30 pounds (14 kg) as a result of subsisting on protein bars and water. In addition, she had two abortions to comply with the Sea Org's no-children policy. The Headleys also experienced physical violence from Scientology executives and saw others being treated violently.[4]
The court found that the church enjoyed the protection of the free exercise of religion clause in the First Amendment, and that the "ministerial exemptions" in employment law prevented the government from interfering in the treatment of its ministers. The judge ruled that the First Amendment disallowed the courts from "examining church operations rooted in religious scripture". Bringing the Church to account for how it disciplined its members was "precisely the type of entanglement that the religion clauses prohibit."
Headley took the case to the US Court of Appeals, but the 9th Circuit agreed with the judgment of the lower court. The Court cited evidence that showed Headleys were fully informed of the requirements of the Sea Org, had multiple opportunities to leave and did not, and had no problem leaving when they did. The Court suggested that other claims might have withstood appellate review, had the Headleys brought them, such as assault, battery or "any of a number of other theories that might have better fit the evidence."[5]
As author of the Court's opinion, Judge Diarmuid F. O'Scannlain wrote:[2] "The act bars an employer from obtaining another's labor 'by means of' force, physical restraint, serious harm, threats or an improper scheme ... That text is a problem for the Headleys because the record contains little evidence that the defendants obtained the Headleys' labor 'by means of' serious harm, threats or other improper methods."[1]
The Court took note that the Headleys lived off base and had many opportunities to leave, but stayed of their own will.[1]
Tampa lawyer Greg W. Kehoe, a 25-year Justice Department veteran, stated, "Here is a court saying, albeit in a civil situation ... that there is nothing improper with this type of conduct and no ill motive can be imbued to the church."
An FBI investigation of similar complaints against the Church was dropped around the same time as the lower court ruling in the Headley case, possibly because of it.[3] Former U.S. federal prosecutor Michael Seigel said of the ruling, "It's very straightforward. It's sweeping. And (it) doesn't seem to leave much room for hope of success on a criminal prosecution."[3]
Odds of cancer from TSA scanners about the same as terrorist blowing up your plane
Arizona State University physics professor Peter Rez calculated the amount of radiation exposure a human is likely to receive in one of those newfangled Rapiscan porno-scanners the TSA is so fond of, and determined that exposure to be roughly one-fiftieth to one-hundredth the amount of a standard chest X-ray.
From an MSNBC report:
He calculated the risk of getting cancer from a single scan at about 1 in 30 million, "which puts it somewhat less than being killed by being struck by lightning in any one year," he told me. While the risk of getting a fatal cancer from the screening is minuscule, it's about equal to the probability that an airplane will get blown up by a terrorist, he added. "So my view is there is not a case to be made for deploying them to prevent such a low probability event."
And in that same MSNBC item,
A group of scientists at the University of California at San Francisco laid out their concerns in a letter to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, highlighting in particular the potential for the X-ray dose concentrated on the skin to pose a health concern for children and other vulnerable populations, such as people with HIV. "We are unanimous in believing that the potential health consequences need to be rigorously studied before these scanners are adopted. Modifications that reduce radiation exposure need to be explored as soon as possible," the letter said. Among the signers were David Agard, John Sedat (a professor emeritus) and Robert Stroud, all professors of biochemistry and biophysics; and Marc Shuman, professor of medicine.
A copy of that letter follows, below.
And the FDA's response is here.
Are airport X-ray scanners harmful? [MSNBC Cosmic Log, via BB Submitterator, thanks Shane]
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
Democratic National Committee chair Tom Perez would not say Friday whether the DNC would return all of its contributions from movie mogul Harvey Weinstein as he stands accused of decades of sexual harassment and assault.
Weinstein is a longtime Democratic donor who has given $300,000 to the DNC. However, the DNC announced last week it was only donating $30,000 of that money. Furthermore, the groups getting the cash were openly pro-Democratic organizations Higher Heights, Emily's List, and Emerge America.
After an event at the University of Wisconsin on Friday, Perez was asked by a tracker whether the DNC would return its contributions from Weinstein.
"You have a nice weekend, sir," Perez said without looking.
DNC vice-chair Keith Ellison (D., Minn.) similarly dodged the question when asked about the subject on Wednesday.
"I don't have any comments for you right now. I don't know you, and I don't take questions like this," Ellison said sharply.
Under Perez, the DNC has struggled in fundraising and was more than $4 million in debt as of an August fundraising report.
Weinstein's downfall in the aftermath of reports of his behavior has been swift. He has been fired from The Weinstein Company, and on Saturday the Oscar-winning producer was ousted from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Dozens of women have accused Weinstein of harassment and abuse in the wake of bombshell reports from the New York Times and New Yorker.
Weinstein has bundled or donated millions of dollars over the years for top Democrats, including Hillary Clinton, who have condemned his conduct and announced they are donating his contributions.
Scientists may steal a page from the oil industry's playbook to stop President Donald Trump rewriting the United States position on climate change, by relying on an obscure law meant to ensure federal agencies present accurate information.
The 2001 Information Quality Act, passed under Republican President George W Bush, has for years provided a way for companies and their lobbyists to challenge federal agencies' assumptions on issues ranging from the threats posed by global warming to the health effects of petrochemicals.
Reuters Newsagency report that now, as President Trump's leadership seeks to get the Environmental Protection Agency into line with the new administration's more pro-business and anti-regulation agenda, the Act could become a tool for rebellious scientists and climate advocates, legal experts said.
President Trump has expressed doubts about the science behind climate change, putting his administration on a collision course with an overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that human consumption of fossil fuels is warming the planet and triggering sea level rise and more frequent powerful storms.
A spokesman for President Trump's EPA said last week that the agency's website is under review, raising worries of a rewrite that could put the site at odds with EPA employees' own research.
Reuters reports President Trump's administration did not respond to a request for comment.
“Posting blatantly false information on the EPA's website would violate the Information Quality Act,” said Romany Webb, a climate law fellow at Columbia University.
“The guidelines clearly state that information disseminated to the public, including via a website, must be substantively accurate.”
Michael Halpern, deputy director for the Centre for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, a non-profit climate science advocacy group, said the Information Quality Act could be one of the options scientists consider using to ensure federal agencies match scientific research.
The Information Quality Act allows individuals who object to information presented by a federal agency to request a correction.
If the agency denies the request, the individual can appeal in a process overseen by an independent inspector general.
In the case of the EPA, the appeal would go to a panel of political appointees, who will likely be named after President Trump's pick to head the EPA, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, is confirmed.
The EPA's Inspector General, however, is already in place: Arthur Elkins, a former EPA lawyer appointed by President Barack Obama in 2010.
“We have discretionary authority to look at anything we think is important and valuable to the agency's activities,” Alan Larsen, counsel to the Inspector General, told Reuters.
“If employees were asked to do something improper they could bring that to the IG's office.”
The Washington Post reported this week that a member of President Trump's transition team had sent an email stating inspectors general across federal agencies were being held over on a “temporary basis.”
After some backlash, transition team members then sought to reassure the inspectors general they would not be forced out, the Washington Post reported.
There are other ways employees can flag their concerns, including by complaining to the agency's Scientific Integrity Officer.
The Scientific Integrity Office meets quarterly with the Inspector General's office to discuss complaints.
Industry's use of the Information Quality Act over the years has had mixed results.
Just five of the 20 requests for correction filed in 2014 ended up fully or partially corrected, according to a report to Congress.
Dr Halpern said, however, that he expected better results if scientists file complaints rather than industry.
Overruling a correction request brought by scientists within the agency, he said, could violate the EPA's scientific integrity policy, which states agency scientists have the right of last review over information that relies on their expertise.
“The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice,” reads the oft-quoted line from Martin Luther King.
I am a young trans woman. And I can attest to the “long” part, but I hope the bend toward justice will soon become more pronounced.
There's a lot of unfinished business when it comes to protecting civil rights for many people. That fight is visible in every story about activists pushing for comprehensive US immigration reform. It's obvious when protesters take to the streets after white police officers kill unarmed people of color and face few if any consequences, as in the recent cases of Michael Brown's death in Ferguson and Eric Garner's death in New York.
The fight for justice for the transgender community is largely invisible to our fellow citizens, despite the rampant systematic discrimination of trans people – those whose gender identity differs from the sex they were assigned at birth.
Unfortunately, it seems to me that when it comes to issues affecting the trans community, most people who are cisgender – a word describing those people whose gender identity is in alignment with the sex they were assigned at birth – focus too much on the administrative, legal and medical aspects of trans identity. Such a focus on these institutional definitions of gender is constricting, and too often it leads to difficult obstacles for most trans people.
Take something as basic as obtaining photo identification. Many people need photo ID for their workplace. You need one to drive, you often need one to vote – especially with many US states passing disenfranchising “voter ID” laws.
For many in the trans community, just applying for basic identification documents is a hostile experience. You're told you don't belong because you don't fit into one of the tiny boxes offered by the system. And for those of us in the military, this civil rights violation of trans people's basic identity is downright life-threatening.
In the United States, the UK and most of Europe, there are only two options available for gender designation on government-issued identification documents: male and female. As a result, trans people are assumed to have a gender that aligns with the sex they were assigned at birth – that is, male for trans women and female for trans men – and those not conforming to either of those choices are assumed not to exist. So trans people are forced to either use a document that does not reflect their identity or to spend the time, effort and money necessary to alter such records. Both situations are frustrating, embarrassing and can expose us to humiliation, ridicule and even violence.
Despite bureaucratic assumptions, we exist.
How can trans people change a system to which we don't even have access?
The challenges that trans people are forced to navigate – even in accessing identification, but in so much more – are the result of institutional bias that favors cisgender people and assumes that trans people are deviant. When your own government's policies send a message that you don't exist – or that you shouldn't – it's devastating. Despite ample evidence that trans people have existed in most cultures throughout history, and the medical consensus that trans people can live healthy, productive lives, many governments continue to impose barriers on trans people that can make it almost impossible to survive.
I filed a petition to change my name in January of this year. Even with some assistance from counsel, the petition took nearly four months to draft and file before I ever made it to a hearing before the court. The hearing and filings were public, and I had to pay fees for filing and posting a legal notice in a local newspaper costing me nearly $500. And, despite making it clear that I identify as female, and having two military psychiatrists recommend support for my transition, legally changing my name has no effect on the “legal” gender status that the government imposes upon me.
Photo identification isn't the only thing at stake for trans people. According to the National Center for Transgender Equality, one in five trans people in the US have been denied housing because of their gender identity. One in 10 have been evicted because of it.
We're banned from serving our country in the armed services unless we serve as trans people in secret, as I did.
Many trans people – especially low-income trans people of color – are also less likely to have access to legal counsel or healthcare because of discrimination. In situations like these, where civil rights are flaunted, the problem is not just inclusion or equal opportunities in institutions like government identification systems or voting – because such systems are inherently, if indirectly, biased to favor high income, straight, white, cisgender people. How can trans people change a system to which we don't even have access?
A doctor, a judge or a piece of paper shouldn't have the power to tell someone who he or she is. We should all have the absolute and inalienable right to define ourselves, in our own terms and in our own languages, and to be able to express our identity and perspectives without fear of consequences and retribution. We should all be able to live as human beings – and to be recognized as such by the societies we live in.
We shouldn't have to keep defending our right to exist.
This article is a follow-up article on the artist by the name of Markell Clay. You can read the full story on how I got to know the young artist here
About one month ago, I wrote an article on Mr. Clay. The article I wrote got a decent amount of views, and the reason it got the attention it did was because of how often Mr. Clay goes about scamming people. That's right, Mr. Clay is known for forging MTV documents, and using them to promise up and coming artists features on songs, in exchange for a 500$ deposit via MoneyGram. Once the money is sent however, Mr. Clay backs out and breaks all communication.
I wish that was the worse this man did however. No, Mr. Clay has an even sicker scheme that he uses alongside with the scam. I finally found out about this scheme on an August afternoon, in my living room, watching T.V.
I received the following email (Left), from a man who goes under the alias of Kevin Handwick. The email states that whom ever the sender is, is aware of Markell Clay, and is asking me to take down the previous article I wrote on him. The sender says and I quote “AMP demands that you immediately and permanently, and no later than (60) hours of this letter provide AMP with written assurance that you will cease and desist from the foregoing use of any association with the name Markell Clay.”
I'm not going to lie, when I first read this I got scared. I never thought that I could ever be sued! But then I remembered I'm not dealing with a respectable human being. NO, I'm dealing with a sick con-artist who will stop at nothing to steal, and rob Americans of their dreams, livelihood and Pursuit of Happiness .
Advertisement
I went straight to Google to find out as much information on “Kevin Handwick” as I could. To no surprise after a quick Google search, no results were found. This “lawyer” didn't even exist. Which then led me to my second discovery.
In the following screenshots you will see a Twitter account by the name of Kevin Handwick non-stop mentioning me. I had no choice but to put my twitter on private due to the harassment. You can actually go to his twitter here. He is not on private and you can read all of his tweets, some of which will be featured here.
Advertisement
As for the email, considering the fact that it is not a reputable lawyer sending it, he has forged an illegal cease and desist.
He also involved AMP Publishing and stated, and I quote “AMP publishing owns rights to pursue legal action involving anything associated with the name Markell Clay”
Advertisement
Kevin Handwick then sent me the first of MANY Twitter mentions. I was soon harassed with message after message, none of which I responded. This one in particular states clearly that he is a Lawyer, represented by @Khandwickfirm, and proof he has written the email, via the screenshot that he adds in his mention.
Advertisement
I finally got the ultimate evidence that he was a fraud when the real person picture in the profile of the screenshot, (left), sent a Twitter message to the account demanding he remove his picture.
To think that he would use an actual lawyer's screenshot for his fake lawyer Twitter. I couldn't believe it, but when I found out I was elated. The list of laws Mr. Clay is breaking piles up everyday.
He does actually change his picture and that's why if you go now you will see another fake picture. He doesn't change the name however.
Advertisement
Every picture he posts on the account is a fake and has been found. The current picture he's using can be found on the following article
http://thenordicfit.com/almost-friday
I know what you're asking yourself. Why would someone do this? What do they gain from going through all this effort? Well it all ties back to the first scam. This all started over him attempting to scare me into taking my article down. He knows he's a criminal and can't seek out legitimate legal advice, so he impersonates lawyers and tries to bully you into doing what he says. I can't stomach this human being. I've never once in my life been so harassed, bullied and threatened by someone before. He is afraid. He knows that the article that I wrote, is affecting his ability to scam, and thus why all the effort to get rid of it. But in the process of trying to cover up his scam, he broke even more laws and committed a variety of cyber crimes, including but not limited to, Cyberstalking and Cyberbullying. He lies, cheats, and steals without remorse and even the slightest amount of empathy.
Advertisement
What can you do?
You can share this article on Facebook and Twitter!
You can warn your friends, family and anyone important about him, so this doesn't happen to you.
Advertisement
And finally, you can visit his Twitter, check out on all the information! You can do some investigating yourself, and maybe uncover something I missed!
If you have information or anything you'd like to say, contact me on andrewtaranta@hotmail.com
Thank you for reading!
After appearing on CBS' Face the Nation on Sunday, Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) made headlines and spurred double-takes with her claim that it is the Republican party — not the Democratic party — that is fighting for women's rights.
“It is Republicans that have led the fight for women's equality,” she responded to a question about Republican opposition to equal pay. “Go back through history, and look at who was the first woman to ever vote, elected to office, go to Congress, four out of five governors.”
If we're going back through history as Blackburn implores us to do, she's right. Historically, the Republican party was the stronghold for women's activists in the early 20th century. But as the two parties essentially switched ideological places from 1970-1973, feminists lost favor with the Republican party. It's been downhill ever since.
For the first third of the 20th century, the Democratic party, a stronghold in the southern states, was a consistently stalwart foe of any sort of racial progress. The south had a virtual veto over the Democratic Presidential nominee because of the strict convention rules that required a two-thirds majority vote for any candidate.
It is also true that in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the Republican party was more welcoming for feminists.
Feminist scholar Jo Freeman has exhaustively documented the history of Republican feminists and their ultimate demise. The GOP endorsed the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) in 1940 (four years before the Democrats), only to back away from the endorsement four years later, but the first three American Presidents to endorse the ERA were all Republicans — Eisenhower, Nixon, and Ford.
But as the Democratic party slowly came to embrace the Civil Rights movement, the southern states essentially switched their collective allegiance to the Republican party, ushering in a more traditional, conservative Republican party than existed previously. The Republican Presidential nomination of Barry Goldwater in 1964, an ardent foe of Civil Rights and progressivism in the Republican party, marked a decisive shift in the trajectory of the two parties. 1964 also marked the first year that women were more likely to vote for the Democratic Presidential candidate, signaling the beginning of the pervading presidential gender gap in favor of the Democratic party. It has remained that way ever since the Ronald Reagan won the Presidency in 1980.
So what happened? Well, simply put, the New Right happened. Though initially the New Right was split on women's issues (some even favored abortion rights and the ERA), they quickly realized the political power of social conservatives who had abandoned the Democratic party as it moved towards racial and gender justice. In order to appeal to disenchanted conservative Democrats, the Republican party trapped itself in a self-imposed ideological jail of religious fundamentalism and extreme conservatism, one from which today's GOP cannot seem to escape.
Today's Republican party is basically the embarrassing fanatic uncle of the Republican party of the early 20th century. They have become overtaken by a rabid, radical fringe, one that opposes every single aspect of women's equality, from abortion and contraception access to equal pay, from access to affordable healthcare to a living wage.
What Rep. Marsha Blackburn and other Republicans are banking on by peddling the Republican past as indicative of their present is that no one bothers to pay any attention to the absolutely atrocious record of the Republican party on women's issues in recent memory, particularly in the last decade. Rather than attempting to beat back the Democratic claims of a “War on Women” by citing history, the Republican party would do well to actually enact some of the current policies they deceptively claim to champion.
There isn't a single women's rights issue that serves as a bragging right for today's GOP.
Equal pay? Nope. In 2009, only three Republicans in the House voted for the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which extends the time period under which women can sue their employers for pay discrimination. Earlier this month, Republicans in the Senate successfully filibustered the Paycheck Fairness Act, which makes it easier for women to sue their employers for discriminatory pay practices based on gender. Just this week, longtime conservative champion Phyllis Schlafly wrote an op-ed in defense of unequal pay, arguing that women will have a harder time finding a husband if they are paid fairly for their work.
Reproductive rights? Laughable. State legislatures dominated with Republicans have ushered in the most dramatic attack on reproductive rights that we've seen since abortion was legalized nationwide in 1973. From 2011-2013, 205 abortion restrictions were enacted in the U.S. The U.S. House of Representatives passed an unconstitutional 20 week abortion ban with 222 Republican votes and only 6 Democratic votes. At the same time, former Arkansas Governor and past Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee claims that access to free birth control indicates that women can't control their libidos and rely on “Uncle Sugar” to feed their addiction to contraception.
Ending domestic violence? Not a chance. In the House of Representatives, 160 Republicans voted against reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act, which was expanded to include Native American, immigrant, and LGBT victims of domestic violence. In the Senate, all 22 nays were cast by Republican men. Not a single Democrat in either chamber voted against it.
This is not to demonstrate that the Democrat party is flawless on women's rights, because they are absolutely not. But for the GOP to claim that it is the party of women's equality is not only utterly laughable — it's offensive to women's intelligence.
The GOP is playing a patronizing game of smoke-and-mirrors by harkening back to their progressive past while simultaneously stifling any sort of progress for American women in the 21st century, hoping that we won't notice. But women, especially women of color, do notice. A majority of Americans feel that the GOP is out of touch with and does not care for the concerns of American women, which is why Rep Marsha Blackburn has been sent out as the woman ambassador of her party to make this ludicrous claim in the first place.
The only way to honestly claim that the Republican party represents feminists who are dedicated to women's equality is to refuse to move past 1964. Unfortunately, that seems all too appropriate for today's GOP.
Lauren Rankin is a feminist writer and activist. Her work has appeared at publications such as Salon, RH Reality Check and TruthOut. Currently a graduate student in Women's and Gender Studies at Rutgers University, she focuses on reproductive politics and the political use of sexual shame. Follow her on Twitter at@laurenarankin.
Hundreds of Victorians died last week during the heatwave and there are fears the death toll could match or exceed the lives lost during the 2009 heatwave that occurred a week before the Black Saturday fires.
As doctors called for a review of how heatwaves are managed across the state, the Victorian Institute of Forensic Medicine said it had recorded 203 deaths between last Monday, January 13, and Sunday - double its historical weekly average of about 98. The institute works with the State Coroner to investigate reportable deaths.
The deaths, which so far amount to an average of 29 per day, far exceed the average of 19 per day recorded over two weeks during 2009's unprecedented heatwave, believed to have killed about 374 Victorians.
Director of the institute, Professor Stephen Cordner, said although it was difficult to know how many of the 203 deaths recorded last week were due to heat, many were elderly people and those vulnerable to heat-related illnesses, such as people with psychiatric and chronic diseases.
Story highlights Iraqi forces are about a mile from the center of Tikrit
A major offensive for the city was launched just over a week ago
Near Tikrit, Iraq (CNN) Iraqi forces are closing in on Tikrit and could be days away from retaking the city from ISIS fighters just over a week after launching a major offensive.
In the past three days, forces have progressed roughly 50 miles down one road toward the city and are now about a mile from its center.
The operation is part of a wide-scale offensive to retake Tikrit and Salahuddin province ordered by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on March 1.
Hadi Al-Amiri, the leader of the predominantly Shiite paramilitary force Hashd Al-Shaabi, said Monday he is confident his men can crush ISIS in Iraq without the help of the U.S.-led coalition.
"We don't need it and we won't need it," said Al-Amiri. "Anyone who puts faith in the international coalition to liberate Iraq is putting their faith on a mirage. The people of Iraq will liberate this country and put an end to ISIS."
Read More
Over the past few weeks, various media outlets have been awash with sensational stories of an alleged “sex jihad” taking place in parts of Syria controlled by the rebels.
Hundreds of Muslim women, notably from Tunisia, are reportedly going to Syria to offer themselves to jihadist fighters as a sign of their devotion to their cause.
While this certainly makes for a good story, it may all be a hoax.
The first mention of “sex jihad” dates back to December 2012, in a screen shot of a tweet by Saudi Sheikh Mohamed al-Arefe, which was widely circulated online.
This Salafist theologian is widely respected among jihadists, and is known for his strict sermons.
The tweet says: “Muslim women, from the age of 14, are authorised to marry a jihadist for a few hours, then marry other jihadists, in order to strengthen the fighters' morale and open the door to paradise.”
Such a message coming from someone such as al-Arefe would have the weight of a religious fatwa, if it were authentic.
However, something is not right: the tweet is 200 characters long, well over Twitter's 140-character limit.
Despite this anomaly, the “sex jihad” story gained traction and was taken up by several Arabicand Iranian television stations in 2012.
Sheikh al-Arefe was quick to deny being the author of the message, and explained that “no such fatwa has ever been posted on my official Facebook or Twitter accounts.”
This didn't stop the “sex jihad” story from continuing to spread across media and social networks.
The fatwa was no longer attributed to the sheikh, but to an “unknown source.”
Since January, television channels close to the Syrian regime have seized on this story.
They have even used images of Chechen fighters, filmed in Chechnya in December 2010, andpresented them as Tunisian women who had travelled to Syria to show their gratitude to the jihadists fighting there.
Some journalists tried to denounce this hoax. Reporter Malika Jebari said she resigned from the Lebanese television station al-Mayadeen because they were pushed to “completely make upthis ‘sex jihad' story.”
After a lull of several months, the “sex jihad” resurfaced again in September.
Videos of “witnesses' accounts” and the “rosters” of women supposedly taking part in it have been broadcast by different Syrian and Lebanese media.
But it was a speech by Tunisian interior minister Lotfi Ben Jeddou at the country's National Constituent Assembly on September 20 that propelled the “sex jihad” issue to the forefront.
The minister, who is in conflict with the ruling Islamist Ennahda party, did not provide any evidence to support his claims.
There has been no credible eyewitness account of this practice.
The latest report on the issue was broadcast on September 22 by the Syrian channel Al-Ikhbariya, in which a 16-year-old Syrian girl says she was a victim of incest by her father before she was sent to the jihadists.
The teenage girl describes in detail what she allegedly went through.
However, this channel supports the Syrian regime, and has been working daily to discredit the rebels.
[Image via Agence France-Presse]
$8,250 dollars for a skateboard? That's what they're asking for a skateboard deck that comes inside of a ‘purse company's' case. Wow! Louis Vuitton and skateboarding is not something I would've foreseen happening. This collab is super random, and we all know that the skateboard deck does not even cost 1/100th the price they're selling it there for.
I do admit the case looks pretty sweet though and I am sure that alone is worth a good amount. But the board looks pretty standard to me. On top of that, I'm assuming either the board has no griptape or the case inside is going to slowly get torn by the gritty surface.
Regardless of my thoughts, there are 3 of these Louis Vuitton skateboard sets and by now, they're probably already sold out. On top of this, 70 T-shirts were printed and are being sold for $250 a piece. Without question, they will probably sell out of those as well.
I assure you, the crazy skateboard collabs aren't going to stop any time soon. Skateboarding is and forever in our time will be known and recognized by society around us more than ever before. Plus, for many It's seen as a “cool” thing to do. Even if I had the $8,250 dollars to blow in the air, I still wouldn't buy one of these deck sets. But if Stephen Sprouse etched a skateboard purely out of gold and diamonds and put it up for sale, then we could talk.
Thank you so much! About a week or so ago, my bicycle had been stolen. I was very sad because it had been a gift from my parents, and I posted on reddit/r/universityofhouston and /houston, to see if anyone had seen anything. jsgates, or arbitrary001, as I first knew him, read the post, and got me the exact same model of bicycle, as well as a $20 e-gift card to Walmart. He was very kind, and had messaged me about my interests, because it turned out we are both into photography.
I went downstairs today to check my mail, and lo and behold, there was a huge box for me! Thankfully, 2 strangers helped me get the box to a cart, so I could get it up to my dorm room. :) I will do my best to protect my bike! :)
Edit I'll be getting a U shaped lock for it. :) Edit2 I also got a CD!!!! :) He must have looked on my Amazon wishlist, and he got me the Forget and not Slow Down album by Relient K!! Thanks Josh! :)
Getty Images
With the playoffs approaching and the chances to supplement rosters dwindling, the Denver Broncos have gone in search of additional help along the offensive line.
According to Mike Klis of 9News in Denver, the Broncos are signing guard Robert Myers off the Baltimore Ravens practice squad.
Myers will take the roster spot of defensive back Shaun Prater, who was waived on Tuesday.
Myers was a fifth-round pick of the Ravens back in May. He was released by Baltimore at the end of training camp and was signed to the Ravens practice squad after spending a week with the Indianapolis Colts.
Teams frequently raid the practice squads of others late in the season to add players to their rosters. It allows teams to add players to their rosters to evaluate for the final weeks of the season and get a head start on potential futures contracts heading into the offseason.
FORMER ABC chairman Maurice Newman claims ABC staff are biased and preach the global warming faith.
"A powerful group has captured the corporation, at least on climate change," he says. ABC managing director Mark Scott denied that last month, but I hope he heard his ABC hyping the Climate Commission's alarmist report this week.
Take ABC 24's interview with Climate Commissioner Will Steffen and retired admiral Chris Barrie. Host Virginia Trioli didn't ask why an admiral with no climate science qualifications was helping to launch its report.
Nor did she ask if Barrie was joking when he claimed there was an even chance no human would be left alive only 87 years from now if we didn't face "the climate change consequences and some other behaviours".
Blog with Andrew Bolt
"There's a one in two chance that by 2100 there'll be no human beings left on this planet," burbled Barrie, citing British scientist Lord Rees. In fact, Barrie misrepresented Rees, who was freaking over many dangers beyond warming, including terrorism, super-eruptions, engineered viruses and asteroids.
But neither Trioli nor Steffen questioned his end-of-the-world-is-nigh tosh.
The ABC's AM program was just as credulous with the two alarmists. This time Steffen cited weather as "convincing evidence" of dangerous global warming: "Heatwaves in Europe, heatwaves in Russia, heatwaves in the US during the last decade, heavy rainfall and more rain."
Steffen was cherry picking outrageously. Why did he not mention England just had its coldest spring in 50 years, or 122 years in many areas? Or that France had its coldest spring in 26 years? And why did Steffen not give the most obvious measure of warming, the temperature of the planet?
Check and you'll find no statistically significant warming of the atmosphere for more than 15 years.
Renowned climate scientist Judith Curry said this week debate "seems to be moving from the 15-17 year 'pause' to the cooling since 2002". Yes, cooling, which Curry said "provides a rationale for inferring a slight cooling trend over the next decade or so".
So why did the ABC not check the temperature? Why did it quote the unqualified Barrie but not one sceptical scientist? But the ABC rarely questions warming scares. It didn't question Chief Climate Commissioner Tim Flannery in 2007 when he said "even the rain that falls isn't actually going to fill our dams and our river systems". Nor did it question Steffen this week claiming warming was instead bringing us more of this "heavy rainfall" that's made Flannery look such a fool. No bias, Mr Scott?
Commissioner Rob Manfred sought to end the ongoing dispute between the Red Sox and Orioles on Wednesday, holding a conference call that included both managers, both general managers and MLB's chief baseball officer, Joe Torre.
Manfred warned both teams that he will impose discipline if the teams continue throwing at each other, Torre said.
Article continues below ...
Torre also indicated that Red Sox left-hander Chris Sale might be disciplined for throwing behind Orioles third baseman Manny Machado on Tuesday night. The discipline would not necessarily be a suspension; it could be a warning or fine.
Here are Torre's full remarks:
“One issue is the fact they've played each other so often. Once something happens, then it just seems to grow and fester and all that. Basically, in trying to keep score on who owes who what, we figured there was enough going on with both sides that we basically just had a phone call today to let them know we want to play baseball. We don't want to get anybody hurt.
“Players deserve to be on the field. We appreciate your passion but we certainly need to have the focus on playing games instead of trying to get even, if somebody thinks they need to get even.
“Sitting in an impartial seat, you look at it and realize enough is enough. I know if you wear a uniform, you're always feeling that you're on the short end of it. I understand that feeling. But the commissioner made his point, without going into specifics, just about getting down to baseball. If this stuff continues, there will be some discipline.”
On the decision not to issue pregame warnings:
“I just don't want guys walking on eggs. And I don't want the umpires walking on eggs. The umpires know the situation. They get heads-ups in these situations. We want them to go about doing their business. We just want the players to play ball.”
On the Red Sox's Sale:
“That's something we don't really tolerate, throwing behind somebody . . . that's something that's dangerous.
“It looked like it was intentional. Chris Sale is a great pitcher. When he throws the ball behind somebody, unless it's a rainy day, I don't see that being by mistake.”
On the Orioles' Machado:
“He's been very productive. He plays hard. The slide at second base, I know the Red Sox took exception. I thought it was a hard slide, a clean slide. Unfortunately, somebody got hurt.
“I go back to Frank Robinson's days. Do you realize how many times he got hit with a pitch? I just don't like that somebody thinks they need to hit somebody. Years ago, you hit somebody if somebody did it on purpose. Now I'm finding that even if it's not on purpose – and when I say not on purpose, I can watch games and I think I'm right in that regard about 90 percent of the time if it is or isn't – we always seem to need to retaliate if the situation really doesn't dictate it.
“That's a concern to me. A lot of managers feel they owe it to the players. That just runs into more problems. It seems to never be over. This thing was getting to the point where it was escalating. It can be dangerous when that happens.”
On Orioles right-hander Dylan Bundy, who hit the Red Sox's Mookie Betts on Monday night:
“Could it have been on purpose? I guess, knowing the circumstances. But knowing the situation in the game where it was 2-0 and you're bringing Hanley Ramirez, hot as a firecracker up to the plate. It didn't make sense in that regard.
“That's one, even though it makes no sense strategy-wise, I can't say for sure that it wasn't on purpose. Unfortunately, I'm seeing retaliation in a lot of cases take precedent over what makes sense. I can't tell you for sure. I don't think it was on purpose. But I can't swear to it.”
It's a saga that many have heard of, but not so many know the story behind it. It's the weird tale of the “Mowing Devil” – a strange legend that had its origins more than 300 years ago in England, and which has led to suggestions that Crop Circles have been with us for longer – far longer, actually – than many suspects. And it goes like this…
Jim Schnabel, Crop Circle researcher and author of the book Round in Circles, wrote that in 1989, Jenny Randles, a well-known British investigative writer on many things Fortean “…received a surprising piece of information from a local historian named Betty Puttick, from St. Albans, Hertfordshire [England]. Mrs. Puttick had just read Randles and [Paul] Fuller's Controversy of the Circles, and it had reminded her of a seventeenth-century woodcut she had come across in a recent book on Hertfordshire folklore.”
Schnabel added, somewhat significantly, that the woodcut in question “…depicted a small, black, horned figure, scything down oatstalks along a circular path, leaving what appeared to be flaming stalks in his wake.”
It was dated 1678, and titled The Mowing-Devil: Or, Strange News out of Hartford-Shire. Written in the distinct (and very odd, as you'll see!) style and spelling of the 1700s, it stated:
“In the said County lives a Rich industrious Farmer, who perceiving a small Crop of his (of about three Half-Acres of Land which he has sowed with Oats) to be Ripe and fit for Gathering, sent to a poor Neighbour whom he knew worked commonly in the Summer-time at Harvest Labour to agree with him about Mowing or Cutting the said Oats down.
“The poor man as it behoov'd [sic] Him endeavour'd [sic] to sell the Sweat of his Brows and Marrow of his Bones at as dear a Rate as reasonably he might, and therefore askt [sic] a good round Price for his Labour, which the farmer taking some exception at, bid him much more under the usual Rate than the poor Man askt [sic] for it: So that some sharp Words had past, when the Farmer told him he would Discourse with him no more about it.
“Whereupon the honest Mower recollecting with himself, that if he undertook not that little Spot of Work, he might thereby lose much more business which the Farmer had to imploy [sic] him in beside, ran after him, and told him that, rather than displease him, he would do it at what rate in Reason he pleas'd [sic]: and as an instance of his willingness to serve him, proposed to him a lower price, than he had Mowed for any time this Year before. The irretated [sic] Farmer with a stern look, and hasty gesture, told the poor man
“That the Devil himself should Mow his Oats before he should have anything to do with them, and upon this went his way, and left the sorrowful Yeoman, not a little troubled that he had disoblig'd [sic] one in whose Power it lay to do him many kindnesses.
“We will not attempt to fathom the cause, or reason of, Preternatural events: but certain we are, as the most Credible and General Relation can inform us, that same night this poor Mower and Farmer parted, his Field of Oats was publickly [sic] beheld by several Passengers to be all of a Flame, and so continued for some space, to the great consternation of those that beheld it.
“Which strange news being by several carried to the Farmer next morning, could not but give him a great curiosity to go and see what was become of his Crop of Oats, which he could not imagine, but was totally devour'd [sic] by those ravenous Flames which were observed to be so long resident on his Acre and a half of Ground.
“Certainly a reflection on his sudden and indiscreet expression (That the Devil should Mowe [sic] his Oats before the poor Man should have anything to do with them) could not but on this occasion come into his Memory. For if we will but allow our selves so much leisure, to consider how many hits of providence go to the production of one Crop of Corn, such as the aptitude of the Soyl [sic], the Seasonableness of Showers, Nourishing Solstices and Salubreous [sic] Winds, etc., we should rather welcome Maturity with Devout Acknowledgements than prevent our gathering of it by profuse wishes.
“But not to keep the curious Reader any longer in suspense, the inquisitive Farmer no sooner arriv'd [sic] at the place where his Oats grew, but to his admiration he found the Crop was cut down ready to his hands; and if the Devil had a mind to shew [sic] his dexterity in the art of Husbandry, and scorn'd [sic] to mow them after the usual manner, he cut them in round circles, and plac't [sic] every straw with that exactness that it would have taken up above an Age for any Man to perform what he did that one night: And the man that owns them is as yet afraid to remove them.”
Somewhat intriguingly, the reference to the field being “all of a Flame” the night before the curious formation was found in the field, was highly reminiscent of a similar incident from 1964 that occurred in the north of England. During the early part of 1995, while digging through a then-recently-declassified collection of British Ministry of Defense files on UFOs that were held at the National Archive at Kew, England, I was startled to find the following letter, submitted to the MoD, via the National Physical Laboratory at Teddington, on March 23, 1964. The subject matter was a curious, circular area of flattened ground found on land in the town of Penrith, Cumbria, England.
The Reverend T.E.T. Burbury – who took a personal interest in the affair – wrote:
“Does an apparent column of blue light about eight feet in diameter and about fifteen feet high which disappears and leaves a mark of very slightly disturbed earth, the same diameter, mean anything to you? I examined the ground which is about one hundred yards from the nearest building and there are no pylons near. There was no sign of burning, either by sight or smell; the grass growing between the exposed ground appeared quite normal. There were no signs of bird tracks or droppings: the ground simply appeared to have been lightly raked over in an almost perfect circle.”
For its part, records revealed to me, the Ministry of Defense dismissed the case as having no bearing on the defense or safety of the British Isles and wholly forgot about the matter. But, how notable, I thought: a Crop Circle-style formation that was believed to be the work of the Devil had appeared in southern England in 1678 – the night before which the field in question was seen to be “all of a flame” – and almost three hundred years later, something of a strikingly similar nature occurred in the north of England.
Maybe Crop Circles really are much older than many assume…
Antonio Banderas will star as a pirate in the "SpongeBob SquarePants 2" movie set to be filmed in Savannah and on Tybee Island in the coming weeks.
Officials involved in the movie told Tybee Island representatives Friday morning that Banderas would play a pirate in the movie, said Diane Schleicher, Tybee's city manager.
Banderas, who has been nominated three times for a Golden Globe, is best known for playing Zorro, according to IMDb.com. He has also played the voice of Puss in Boots in several of DreamWorks' "Shrek" films and El Mariachi in "Desperado" and "Once Upon a Time in Mexico."
The SpongeBob sequel will begin filming on Tybee Sept. 30 and in downtown Savannah Oct. 9.
The film will be the second featuring the Nickelodeon cable network favorite. The first SpongeBob movie, released in 2004, grossed more than $140 million.
The hustle never ends.
Over the last month, we've done a couple of experiments in publicity. Starship Rubicon was in the Bundle Stars Trinity 3 Bundle, we run a couple of Steam Visibility Rounds, started releasing Steam Coupons, participated in the Steam Exploration Sale, and put out a demo. My notes ended up being longer than I expected, so I've split things up a bit. Here's my take on how the bundle went:
– Bundle Stars –
We've gotten a handful of offers to be in bundles. For the most part, I see them as predatory not in our best interest.*
* I'm sure they're wonderful people; but the vibe I almost always get is a ravenous search for content. Now that the Humble Indie Bundle has gotten huge and its name bats one out of three (SR isn't a big enough game to be in their store, can you tell I'm a little bitter?), most bundle sites are forced to try to shovel out as much content as cheaply as possible to compete. The one notable exception I've seen has been Indie Royale. (edit: I had a good experience with them years ago, but it looks like it got bad near the end)
Christine Love said it best:
Please love yourself enough to not put your game on sale for 90% off, you can do better than that, I believe in you — Christine Love (@christinelove) November 26, 2015
Enter Bundle Stars.
The pricing I saw was almost literally insane. When they contacted us, they were currently running an 8-game bundle for $1.99 (96% off) and were proposing that Rubicon be part of a 10-game bundle for $2.49 (98% off) at a 70% royalty rate. Jon somewhat incredulously asked how many sales they expected at that price:
I was intrigued: it still seemed like an interesting experiment. What would it look like if I got Rubicon into the hands of 10,000 people (albeit for basically free)? I wasn't able to find any postmortems from devs who worked with them, but online traffic estimators put Bundle Star traffic between 100K and 1M views a month. So we bit, signed the contract, and handed over a buttload of Steam keys, and sat back.
– Results –
> Duration: The bundle ran for two weeks, from Oct 28 – November 11.
> Sales: ~6,500 bundles. I don't know what the deal with this was. They claimed that they expected to sell 12,000 – 20,000 units. Did they just egregiously overestimate? Was it as unexpected for them as it was for us to only move half of their lower bound? Disappointing, to say the least.
> Promotion: At some point, I realized it wasn't in my interest to talk about the fact that the bundle existed. The primary value in participating in it was to reach people I couldn't otherwise, and it would be better for me if anybody I could reach purchased the game for more than 16 cents.
I was hoping that getting it into a couple thousand more people's hands (remember, we've only sold a couple hundred so far) would get people talking about it in non-Steam forums, tweets, anything. So far? Literally nothing. I suspect that bundling with so many other games actually was harmful, and that any attention it gets from a customer was (literally) decimated by the nine other games.
What's more, of the few thousand that picked up the game, there was only a few-dozen-strong influx of actual players:
> Community: There was a small increase in the amount of tech support that cropped up on the Steam forums. People particularly seemed to demand better controller support, which up til that point wasn't something I had focused on.
It was a little galling to have a few aggressive demands for features when they'd picked the game up for pennies, but respecting the feedback has made the game stronger.
> Key “Redistribution”: I didn't know this, but apparently there's a healthy market for people to trade/give away Steam keys. Dunno how I feel about this. I guess there's not much of a difference between 16 cents and free, and I'd rather see somebody get the game and be enthusiastic about it (preferably somewhere publicly & searchable) than to see the key languish forever unplayed in somebody's library.
On the other hand, it definitely seems skeezy for sites pick up an unused key on the cheap and then turn around and sell it for a tidy profit. But I guess that'd be fine to do if they were physical copies? Like I said, I'm conflicted.
> Overall: I mean, it was nice to get a couple thousand more people playing the game. But this kind of “deep discount” bundle is not something I would choose take part in again, especially if I didn't have a day job.
I want to be clear that this isn't meant to be a castigation of Bundle Stars specifically; besides the overestimation, they have been prompt & professional in communication and payment. And hey, it was a quick bundle of cash. Almost made a month's rent.
…
That's it! Let me know on Twitter or in the comments if you have any other questions about the experience.
Edit: Some notable responses to this post. First, it was pointed out that there may have been some external factors in the lackluster bundle sales:
Trislar: Looking at it more closely, the game with the greatest pull (StarMade) was just bundled one month before (and at a $1 tier at that). Actually the response to that bundle was fairly positive overall. Missing or already bundled bigger/more known titles have stopped it from reaching a higher sale number I'd say. Those that were new to bundles were smaller, less/not known ones, while overall positively reviewed (though <50 reviews is extremely unreliable), did not stand out significantly for a wow effect. The (bundle) competition is most certainly very important too, and Humble had a major one running at the same time. Just with a glimpse on the games, manybig titles and new-to-bundles at that. Many more than usual have bought the more expensive tier 3. It sold 220k with an overall revenue of $1.2mil.
Secondly, seems that participating in a bundle this early in our game's lifespan is nonstandard (if you're being generous). It may have been better to tease things out with a number of independent sales first (though it's not conclusive that that's the best strategy — only time will tell if having been in the bundle helps or hurts us over the long run):
Trislar: My recommendation generally (if you have the luxury on not being dependent on the game making money, that is) is to always have some major sales first. Steadily increasing from 25/33% to 50% and then 75% over the course of around a year participating in the big seasonal sales with a new price drop and throwing in a daily or weekly deal in between. Then after having reached a 75 or 80% discount it is time to catch the remaining customers in a bundle. Preferably a Humble one, but they are picky.
(Pic: Demonstration of Dumbbell Stiff Leg Deadlifts)
Legs… they're the largest muscle group in your body and are vital for so many of your daily activities, from walking, running, jumping, playing with your kids, playing sports, etc. And yet they are the most neglected body part when it comes to working out. I know you've heard people ask, “how much do you bench?” But have you ever heard anyone ask, “how much do you squat?” Probably not, unless you're talking specifically about squats. This shows how non prioritized leg workouts are in our society. It's kind of funny to see the wide gamut of excuses that people employ for why they don't work their legs. I've heard so many, ranging from “My legs are big already” to “I run for my legs” to “I don't do legs because I won't be quick and flexible.” Well let me pull out my B.S. translator… hmmm let's see… it says these excuses are often used by people who are usually lazy or unmotivated to work legs because it takes so much effort… it also says that sometimes these excuses are used legitimately by people who really don't know any better.
It's important to realize that you can work your legs to accomplish many different goals, just like you can for your other muscles. If you want, you can train getting your legs big, muscular, and strong (e.g. power lifters, strength athletes). On the other hand, instead of focusing on getting super thick legs, you can work them to be functionally strong, quick, and flexible, like what sprinters and professional athletes who play football, soccer, basketball, etc. do. Actually, I'm one of those people whose goal for legs is not to necessarily become “Quadzilla” but to build functional strength, agility, and quickness for sports – naturally, these workouts come with size gains, which is great, but again, this is a somewhat secondary for me to athletic performance. And I accomplish this goal by combining hard leg workouts in the gym with actual game play (e.g. soccer, basketball) and plyometrics. The only challenge that I carefully manage is to plan my workouts and sporting activities so that I have plenty of time to recover from each activity and give my full attention to the next. For example, as I've gotten older, I definitely need at least 48 hours to recover from a soccer or basketball game, and I need even more days to recover from a hard leg workout. So what I do is play indoor soccer on Tuesday nights with my team, work my legs with weights on Thursdays, then play basketball on Sunday evenings. This allows me to recover from each activity to concentrate fully on the next. Now, you may ask the question whether intense, heavy leg workouts have hampered my speed and agility? Not at all, in fact, they have helped me become faster and more powerful. Frankly, I love the look on a defender's face after I burn the crap out of him all night to score a hat-trick or drive around him all day for easy layups… they simply don't expect a “beefy” guy to be faster and quicker than them. But hey, look at NFL running backs… they are some of the fastest, most powerful, and most agile people around, and those guys do serious squats, deadlifts, and legs in general, so obviously, these workouts help performance. The point I want to make is that having different goals for your leg development is totally acceptable – what's not acceptable is not training them because you're lazy, it takes too much effort, or you have some erroneous notion of intense leg workouts.
Below, I've summarized the primary reasons why, in my opinion, legs are the most critical body parts to work out in your entire body:
Releases more natural, anabolic hormones in your body than other exercises . Research shows that working legs releases more growth hormone and testosterone naturally in the body versus other exercises. As such, working your legs benefit your other body parts because of the increase in these natural bodily hormones. Ladies, there's no need to worry, as increased natural testosterone will help your workouts but won't make you more masculine, I promise 🙂 Burns the most calories and fat . Your legs are the largest muscle group in your body. As such, working your legs burns the highest amount of calories and fat. This is fantastic, especially if you are looking to get more toned or trying to lose weight/fat. Fundamental for all sports, athletics, and day-to-day activities . Can you think of many physical, day-to-day activities or sports that don't involve your legs? Whether you're carrying luggage, cleaning out your garage, running, jumping, or playing sports, your legs are essential for success. As such, you will see your athleticism improve as you continue to develop your legs. Achieve large strength and muscle gains EVERYWHERE on your body . The cool thing about working out your legs is that these exercises benefit many other parts of your body. For example, doing squats and deadlifts will not only strengthen your legs and butt, but they also strengthen your lower back, core, and upper body muscles (yes, it's true!). If you have never done weighted leg exercises before, I promise you that you will see huge increases, not only in legs, but also in other areas when you start working your legs. It's actually quite amazing. Symmetry (e.g. NO CHICKEN LEGS!) . Finally, you don't want to be the person that people laugh about at the gym… you know, the one people say should be walking on their hands as opposed to their legs? You want to make sure you have a good balance in your body, even for the sake of aesthetics alone! It gives you a sexy looking butt ! Seriously, it does! Many of you will now work your legs, just because of this, right? Oh well, whatever gets you to do it!
My 40-minute Leg Workout
I'll finish off this segment by sharing a 40-minute leg workout that I use quite frequently. Again, I change my workout around quite a bit, but when I'm pressed on time, this one works like magic. It's optimized to build general strength and power in your legs. Now, here are a few things to remember when you're working your legs:
Stretch and warm up your body well , especially your legs, knee joints & ligaments, and lower back. Leg workouts put tremendous strain on these body parts.
especially your legs, knee joints & ligaments, and lower back. Leg workouts put tremendous strain on these body parts. Use strict form and be particularly careful with your knees and lower back . These are very critical areas of your body, and injury to them can cause serious disruption to your life, work, and athletics. As such, it's especially important to use strict form and focus on safety.
These are very critical areas of your body, and injury to them can cause serious disruption to your life, work, and athletics. As such, it's especially important to use strict form and focus on safety. When you do Squats, do not go lower than “90 degrees” unless you are using much lighter weights . There is a bit of tradeoff between incremental growth by breaking 90 degrees (where your butt is almost touching the ground) versus the risk of serious knee injury – in my opinion, the very slight gain from going down all the way until your butt nearly touches the ground is not worth the dramatic increase in potential injury. I know many people who've sustained serious injuries from going down too deep in their squats, and they are never the same afterwards. As such, I espouse going down deep, but only until your thighs are parallel or close to parallel to the ground – I don't recommend you go down any lower than that, unless you are on a very specific program and you are using much lighter weights.
1. Squats: 5 total sets. Go down until your thighs are parallel or close to parallel to the ground. Don't go lower than that because the risk of injury outweighs any potential benefit. Also, keep a natural arch in your back and look up 45 degrees in the air while doing your sets, as this helps you keep the natural arch in your back. NEVER round your back, as this is a one-way ticket to injury.
Warm-up Set 1 (very light weights): 15 reps @ ~30% of 1RM (1-rep max). I use 135 lbs. Rest: 90 seconds afterwards.
(very light weights): (1-rep max). I use 135 lbs. Warm-up Set 2 (light weights): 10 reps @ ~50% of 1RM . I use 225~275 pounds. Rest: 90 seconds afterwards.
(light weights): . I use 225~275 pounds. Heavy Set 3: 5 reps @ ~85-90% of 1RM . Go to failure. I use 385~405 lbs. Rest: 2 ½ minutes afterwards.
. Go to failure. I use 385~405 lbs. Heavy Set 4: 5 reps @ 85-90% of 1RM . Go to failure. I use 385~405 lbs. Rest: 2 ½ minutes afterwards.
. Go to failure. I use 385~405 lbs. Burnout Set 5: 10~15+ reps @ ~65% 1RM . Go to failure within this range. I use 275~315 lbs. Rest: 2 ½ minutes afterwards. Go to your next workout station.
. Go to failure within this range. I use 275~315 lbs.
2. Leg Extensions: 3 total sets. Squeeze your quad muscles up at top and pause momentarily. Focus on getting a great contraction and pump.
Intermediate Warm-up Set 1: 15 reps . Don't go to failure but focus on feeling the pump and the contraction. Rest: 90 seconds afterwards.
. Don't go to failure but focus on feeling the pump and the contraction. Heavy Set 2: 6~10 reps . Go heavier. You should fail on your 8 th ~ 10 th rep. Rest: 90 seconds afterwards.
. Go heavier. You should fail on your 8 ~ 10 rep. Burnout Set 3: 10~15 reps to failure . Drop the weights to somewhere between your warm-up set and your heavy set. Target going to failure around the 10th ~ 15th rep. Rest: 2 minutes afterwards. Go to your next workout station.
. Drop the weights to somewhere between your warm-up set and your heavy set. Target going to failure around the 10th ~ 15th rep.
3. Stiff Leg Deadlifts: 4 total sets. Be careful of your lower back on this exercise. Keep a slight arch in your back at all times. Do NOT round your back. Be sure to keep the bar in contact with your legs while doing this exercise (e.g. slide the bar down your thighs and shins), which helps keep tension on your hamstrings and glutes, which is the objective of this exercise.
Warm-up Set 1 (very light weights): 15 reps @ ~30% of 1RM (1-rep max). I use 135 lbs. Rest: 90 seconds afterwards.
(very light weights): (1-rep max). I use 135 lbs. Warm-up Set 2 (light weights): 10 reps @ ~50% of 1RM . I use 225 pounds. Rest: 90 seconds afterwards.
(light weights): . I use 225 pounds. Heavy Set 3: 5 reps @ ~85-90% of 1RM . Go to failure. I use 315~335 lbs. Rest: 2 ½ minutes afterwards.
. Go to failure. I use 315~335 lbs. Burnout Set 4: 10~15+ reps @ ~65% 1RM . Go to failure within this range. I use ~235 lbs. Rest: 2 ½ minutes afterwards. Go to your next workout station.
. Go to failure within this range. I use ~235 lbs.
4. Leg Curls: 3 total sets. Squeeze your hamstrings at the top and pause momentarily. Focus on getting a great contraction and pump.
Intermediate Warm-up Set 1: 15 reps . Don't go to failure but focus on feeling the pump and the contraction. Rest: 90 seconds afterwards.
. Don't go to failure but focus on feeling the pump and the contraction. Heavy Set 2: 6~10 reps . Go heavier. You should fail on your 6 th ~ 10 th rep. Rest: 90 seconds afterwards.
. Go heavier. You should fail on your 6 ~ 10 rep. Burnout Set 3: 10~15 reps to failure . Drop the weights to somewhere between your warm-up set and your heavy set. Target going to failure around the 10th ~ 15th rep. Rest: 2 minutes afterwards. Go to your next workout station.
. Drop the weights to somewhere between your warm-up set and your heavy set. Target going to failure around the 10th ~ 15th rep.
5. Calf Raises: 3 total sets to failure. Go all the way down to stretch your calves, then go up and hold at the top of the movement. Don't just go through the motion, exhaust your muscles.
Set 1: Perform 10 reps to failure . Select weights where you fail around ~10 reps. Rest: 60 seconds afterwards.
Perform . Select weights where you fail around ~10 reps. Set 2: Perform 10 reps to failure . Select weights where you fail around ~10 reps. Rest: 60 seconds afterwards.
Perform . Select weights where you fail around ~10 reps. Burnout Set 3: Perform 15 ~20 reps to failure . Select weights where you fail around 15~20 reps.
Let me know what you think about this workout. And remember… don't neglect your legs because they're the most important muscles in your body to work out!
Advertisements
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google
Email
LinkedIn
More
Print
Reddit
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading... Related
What is it?
First and foremost, "The Innocent Badger Cookbook" will be an affordable vegan recipe booklet, bursting with full colour photos throughout its 64 A5 pages. It's a tough choice to decide which recipes are going in, as we have so many great ones - we've got over 30 tested and written up so far and we are taste testing many others every week.
We recognize that most people nowadays lead very busy lives and processed food and meals with fast preparation times are what people frequently eat, so we've favoured recipes that have short prep times and are fairly easy to make.
We aim to deliver a broad range of recipes, a couple of which will require ingredients that you will need to either look online to get or purchase from your nearest independent health food shop, but for the majority our benchmark is that they are not only are all recipes delicious, fairly quick and easy to make, but also the ingredients can be found in any town.
What else does the book cover?
Along with recipes we are going to put in a few pages covering several related topics like nutrition, the cattle industry's environmental impact, and some simple tips for people new to cooking, helping them speed up their food prep times - stuff like how to chop an onion quickly and with minimal tears! And a page on the various plant milks which will include how to make a cup of coffee without curdling.
It's already been confirmed via WikiLeaks that CNN, *the most trusted name in news*, is working hand-in-hand with the Democrat Party. For goodness sake, then-CNN contributor Donna Brazile was caught leaking debate questions to then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. And now that the network has been exposed, it looks like they have stopped even trying to be seen as objective and have openly joined the #ResistTrump movement.
On Tuesday, in maybe the silliest "report" we've seen from CNN yet—which is saying something—the network wrote up a piece about 12, yes 12, people on a beach in Maine writing out the word "RESIST" in the sand.
This is not a joke, look for yourself:
Twelve people worked together to spell "RESIST" in huge letters on a beach in Maine https://t.co/vES1NR4tnz pic.twitter.com/l7qKYL78c9 — CNN (@CNN) January 31, 2017
CNN "reports":
"A group of friends got together early Sunday morning at Sand Beach in Acadia National Park along the Maine coast. But they weren't there to frolic in the sand. The group wrote the word 'RESIST' in enormous letters in the sand at low tide, then took pictures before the ocean rose again and washed it away a couple of hours later."
"We went to the beach in darkness and 12 people showed up," said one of the Maine "RESIST" spellers. Wow! A whole 12 people, that's like one more person than a fielded soccer team!
Really, CNN?
I heard 12 guys in Texas bought Trump hats. Is that also a story? What about the eight brewistas rocking Bernie Sanders pins? This morning I traced the word "liar" in my oatmeal in honor of failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. When should I expect your cameras at my house?
As if this needs to be said, which apparently for CNN it does: 12 people writing the word "RESIST" in the sand is not a signal of some giant #ResistTrump movement, nor does it constitute a story from a major "objective" news network. Hell, this shouldn't even be news in the town paper where the "protest" took place.
Please, CNN, the American people would actually like a credible press to hold President Trump accountable, and stunts like this are not helping.
In TypeScript 2.0, it has become significantly easier to acquire type information for JavaScript libraries. There's no longer a need for additional tools such as typings or tsd. Instead, type declaration packages are directly available on npm.
Installing Type Declaration Packages from npm
Let's assume you want to use Lodash in one of your TypeScript projects:
npm install --save lodash
After running this command, Lodash is installed into the node_modules folder and is also listed as a dependency within your project's package.json file. However, there's no type information available for TypeScript because Lodash is written in JavaScript and doesn't ship with type declaration files.
Using npm again, you can now install the @types/lodash package which contains the corresponding type declarations that TypeScript needs:
Note how the type declaration package is named after the original npm package, prefixed with @types/ . Most packages should follow this convention, but you can always fall back to TypeSearch to find the name of the type declaration package for a given library.
The benefit of using npm for managing type information is that type declaration packages will be listed in your package.json alongside your other dependencies. In addition, they can be properly versioned, just like any other npm package. Plus, you only need a single package manager, npm, that is set up already anyway.
Where Do the Type Declaration Files Go?
Like any other npm package, the type declaration packages are installed in the node_modules folder. Within it, there's a @types folder which contains all typings. In the above example, it'll contain a lodash folder, within which you'll find the index.d.ts file with all the Lodash type information:
The TypeScript compiler understands this convention and will pick up type declarations within the @types folder automatically. There's no need to update the tsconfig.json or any other configuration file.
Who Creates the Type Declaration Packages?
Behind the scenes, the type declaration packages are automatically created by the types-publisher service. It publishes the contents of the DefinitelyTyped repository to npm. That way, typings contributed to DefinitelyTyped end up on npm, ready for consumption.
Greetings friends and fellows,
first would like to say again without you, CakeForge wouldn't exist. Thank you for your interest and support.
Developer process update has a lot of cool stuff in it, but I wanted to call special attention to few game assets that I am particularly curious how it will turn out – few things you can see in video. I think you'll like them too!
As well you can take look at screenshots in twitter. If you like see process of creating game assets and meet other game developers – in join Discord a small chat room 🙂.
More some Backpack 1 pictures, 2 pictures , 3 pictures .
To achieve detailed game assets I use “Wacom Intuos Comic” for drawing, and those who are interested about my gear I created my “Production Kit“.
(on and off from working on Ultima Landfall style desktop profile. Had problem with positioning UI design elements. Thanks to Discord chat community things are moving for Ultima Landfall style desktop profile)
Pictures: imgur
(Broadsword app concept design)
STAY AWESOME and see you next time!
(Note: New post will be available in next Friday / sometimes get delayed)
Thank you for spending your time!
Spread the 💚 if you enjoyed the art and my thoughts.
This will help me to know if to create
and write more of it!
Get the Most – Newsletter
What is CakeForge ? (video)
Editorial by S. Fred Singer, President, Science and Environmental Policy Project
ClimateGate Whitewash
There is now a desperate effort afoot by assorted climate alarmists to explain away the revelations of the incriminating e-mails leaked last year from the University of East Anglia (UAE). But the ongoing investigations so far have avoided the real problem, namely whether the reported warming is genuine or simply the manufactured result of manipulation of temperature data by scientists in England and the United States.
The latest report is by the British House of Commons' Science and Technology Committee, which largely absolved Philip Jones, head of UEA's Climate Research Unit and author of most of the e-mails. How can we tell that it's a whitewash? Here are some telltale signs:
It refers to the e-mails as “stolen”
It did not take direct testimony from scientifically competent skeptics
Yet it derives the conclusion that there is nothing wrong with the basic science and that warming is human caused – essentially endorsing the IPCC
None of the investigations have gone into any detail on how the data might have been manipulated. But this is really the most important task for any investigation, since it deals directly with the central issue: Is there an appreciable human influence on climate change in the past decades?
Instead, much of the attention of newspapers, and of the public, has focused on secondary issues: the melting of Himalayan glaciers, the possible inundation of the Netherlands, deforestation of the Amazon, crop failures in Africa, etc. While these issues demonstrate the sloppiness of the IPCC process, they don't tell anything about the cause of the warming: natural or anthropogenic.
So what do the e-mails really reveal? We know that Jones and his gang tried and largely succeeded in “hiding the decline” of temperature by using what he termed “Mike's [Mann] Nature trick.” Most people think it refers to CRU tree ring data after 1960, which do show a decline in temperature. However, I believe that it refers to Michael Mann's “trick” in hiding the fact that his multi-proxy data did not show the expected warming after 1979. So he abruptly cut off his analysis in 1979 and simply inserted the thermometer data supplied by Jones, which do claim a strong temperature increase. Hence the hockey-stick, suggesting a sudden major warming during the past century.
Only a thorough scientific investigation will be able to document that there was no strong warming after 1979, that the instrumented warming record is based on data manipulation, involving the selection of certain weather stations, [and the de-selection of others that showed no warming], plus applying insufficient corrections for local heating.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
