The 70th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), took place on March 23, 1998, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the show, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as Oscars) in 24 categories honoring films released in 1997. The ceremony, which was televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Gil Cates and directed by Louis J. Horvitz.[2][3] Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the sixth time.[4] He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990, and he had hosted the previous year's gala.[5] Nearly a month earlier in an event held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on February 28, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Ashley Judd.[6] Best Supporting Actress nominee Gloria Stuart was born in 1910, which made her the last female acting nominee to be born in the 1910's.
Titanic won a record-tying eleven awards including Best Director for James Cameron and Best Picture.[7][8] Other winners included As Good as It Gets, Good Will Hunting and L.A. Confidential with two awards, and The Full Monty, Geri's Game, Karakter, The Long Way Home, Visas and Virtue, Men in Black and A Story of Healing with one. The telecast garnered more than 57 million viewers in the United States, making it the most watched Oscars broadcast in history.[9]
Winners and nominees [ edit ]
The nominees for the 70th Academy Awards were announced on February 10, 1998, at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, California, by Robert Rehme, president of the Academy, and actress Geena Davis.[10] Titanic received the most nominations with a record-tying fourteen (1950's All About Eve, and later 2016's La La Land, also achieved this distinction); Good Will Hunting and L.A. Confidential came in second with nine apiece.[11][12]
The winners were announced during the awards ceremony on March 23, 1998. With eleven awards, Titanic tied with Ben-Hur for the most Academy Awards in Oscar history.[13] It also became the first film to win Best Picture without a screenwriting nomination since 1965's The Sound of Music.[14] Best Actress winner Helen Hunt became the first performer to win an Oscar while concurrently starring in a television series;[15] Jack Nicholson became the fourth performer to win at least three acting Oscars.[16] Both won for their roles in As Good as It Gets, making it the seventh film to win both lead acting awards.[17] Nominated for their performances as Rose DeWitt Bukater in Titanic, Best Actress nominee Kate Winslet and Best Supporting Actress nominee Gloria Stuart became the first pair of actresses nominated for portraying the same character in the same film.[18][19] At age 87, Stuart also became the oldest performer nominated for a competitive Oscar.[20]
Awards [ edit ]
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger ( ).[21]
Academy Honorary Award [ edit ]
Films with multiple nominations and awards [ edit ]
Presenters and performers [ edit ]
The following individuals presented awards or performed musical numbers.[23][24]
Presenters [ edit ]
Performers [ edit ]
Ceremony information [ edit ]
In December 1997, the Academy hired veteran Oscar telecast producer Gil Cates to oversee the 1998 ceremony.[26] "Gil has become the consummate Oscar show producer, consistently garnering top television ratings for the telecast," said AMPAS President Robert Rehme in a press release announcing the selection. "His shows are full of wit, charm and surprise."[26] A few days later, actor and comedian Billy Crystal was chosen to emcee the upcoming telecast. Cates explained his reason to bring back the veteran comedian saying, "Billy's performance last year was spectacular. There is nobody like him."[27] In an article published in USA Today he initially requested to Cates and AMPAS five months after the previous year's ceremony that he would like to take a break from hosting duties. However, pressure from the Academy, Cates, and several friends and family members made him reconsider his decision.[28] His sixth stint would make him second only to Bob Hope in number of ceremonies hosted.[29]
To commemorate the seventieth anniversary of the Academy Awards, 70 actors who have received both competitive and honorary awards appeared seated onstage together during a segment called Oscar's Family Album.[30] Each former winner was acknowledged by announcer Norman Rose with the films he or she won for. At the end of the segment newly minted winners Kim Bassinger, Helen Hunt, and Robin Williams joined them. This marked the largest gathering of former winners since the 50th ceremony held in 1978.[31]
Several others participated in the production of the ceremony. Bill Conti served as musical director for the telecast.[32] Dancer Daniel Ezralow choreographed a dance number showcasing the nominees for Best Original Comedy or Musical Score.[33] Bart the Bear made a surprise appearance during the presentation of the Best Sound Effects Editing award with Mike Myers.[34]
Box office performance of nominees [ edit ]
At the time of the nominations announcement on February 10, the combined gross of the five Best Picture nominees was $579 million with an average of $116 million per film.[35] Titanic was the highest earner among the Best Picture nominees with $338.7 million in domestic box office receipts.[35] The film was followed by As Good as It Gets ($92.6 million), Good Will Hunting ($68.9 million), L.A. Confidential ($39.7 million), and finally The Full Monty ($38.7 million).[35]
Of the top 50 grossing movies of the year, 40 nominations went to 15 films on the list. Only Titanic (1st), As Good as It Gets (16th), Good Will Hunting (20th), and In & Out (24th) were nominated for directing, acting, screenwriting, or Best Picture.[36] The other top 50 box office hits that earned nominations were Men in Black (2nd), The Lost World: Jurassic Park (3rd), Air Force One (5th), My Best Friends Wedding (7th), Face/Off (9th), Con Air (12th), Contact (13th), Hercules (14th), The Fifth Element (25th), Anastasia (30th), and Starship Troopers (34th).[36]
Critical response [ edit ]
The show received a positive reception from most media publications. Television critic Howard Rosenberg of the Los Angeles Times lauded Crystal's performance writing that he "would earn top billing as that unusual comedian as artful at doing musical comedy as jokes."[37] San Francisco Chronicle columnist John Carman raved,"It was the best Oscar show in two decades." He also gave high marks for the host, commenting, "But last night, Crystal was back in razor form."[38] The Seattle Times television editor Kay McFadden praised Crystal commenting that "he possesses nearly impeccable timing and judgment." In addition, she noted that while the ceremony dragged on, "Last night was one of television's smartest live ceremonies in recent memory."[39]
Some media outlets were more critical of the show. Ray Richmond of Variety complained that the ceremony proved to be a "Yawner of an Oscarcast." He added that Crystal's "off-the-cuff one-liners sank faster than the great ship herself."[40] Boston Globe television critic Matthew Gilbert bemoaned,"There was hardly a spontaneous moment during last night's Oscarcast."[41] Film critic Carrie Rickey from The Philadelphia Inquirer lamented that the inevitable Titanic sweep "sank a telecast loaded with montages of previous years' Oscar highlights."[42]
Ratings and reception [ edit ]
The popularity of Titanic greatly increased television ratings for the ceremony.[43] The American telecast on ABC drew in an average of 57.25 million people over its length, which was a 29% increase from the previous year's ceremony.[44] An estimated 87.50 million total viewers watched all or part of the awards.[45] The show also earned higher Nielsen ratings compared to the previous ceremony with 35.32% of households watching over a 55.77 share.[46] In addition, it garnered a higher 18–49 demo rating with a 24.90 rating over a 44.30 share among viewers in that demographic.[46] It was, and remains to date, the highest viewership for an Academy Award telecast since figures were compiled beginning with the 46th ceremony in 1974.[47][43]
In July 1998, the ceremony presentation received eight nominations at the 50th Primetime Emmys.[48] Two months later, the ceremony won five of those nominations for Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program (Billy Crystal), Outstanding Directing for a Variety or Music Program (Louis J Horvitz), Outstanding Lighting Direction (Electronic) for a Drama Series, Variety Series, Miniseries, or Movie (Bob Barnhart, Robert Dickinson, Matt Ford, Andy O'Reilly), Outstanding Music Direction (Bill Conti), and Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Variety Series or Special (Patrick Baltzell, Robert Douglass, Edward J. Greene, Tommy Vicari).[49][50]
In Memoriam [ edit ]
The annual In Memoriam tribute was presented by actress Whoopi Goldberg. The montage featured an excerpt of "Appassionata" from The Passage composed by Michael J. Lewis.[51]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Official websites
Analysis
You know CAPTCHA, that string of distorted characters that forces you to prove you're human? We hate it too. Which is why we were fascinated to find that a six-person startup called Vicarious was claiming it had cracked CAPTCHA altogether, fulfilling a 10-year ambition to create an algorithm able to think and identify characters as well as a living person. In the process, they are disrupting everything we know about machine intelligence.
advertisement
advertisement
The Secret Of Human Brains Is Pattern Recognition “We started off by using machine learning tools to create a model of what comprises individual letters–thereby training our system to recognize them,” says Dr. Dileep George, who with D. Scott Phoenix heads the team of AI researchers at Vicarious. That's not hard. But the next step was to make the system good at learning, even when there wasn't much data available to suggest a pattern–something much, much harder for a computer to do. Unlike normal machine learning algorithms, which use large datasets to learn patterns, Vicarious's algorithm was designed to operate on a tiny sample size, without long learning sessions beforehand. This effectively mimics the conditions people find in real world CAPTCHA tests. It's not that CAPTCHA is bulletproof–people have cracked it before in limited ways–but its small scope makes it perfect for demonstrating the Vicarious algorithm's power to learn on the spot. Normally, machine intelligence starts with long practice sessions in which the computer is shown thousands of different versions of an item (say, a chair) and is corrected by a human being when wrong. But that's a far cry from the abilities of real human beings, who can identify something after seeing only a couple of examples. “It is easy to create an illusion of intelligence by using large datasets,” Phoenix says. “It takes a child only a few dozen examples to learn the shapes of letters like ‘a' and ‘b'. This is because human brains are very good at generalizing from a few examples–the hallmark of intelligence,” he says. “Limiting the number of training examples is important because it shows that the algorithm is able to generalize like the human brain,” says Phoenix. To accurately recognize reCAPTCHAs, the Vicarious algorithm only requires between one and five training examples per letter. A Brief History Of CAPTCHA Standing for “Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart,” CAPTCHAs have been among the front line of anti-spam defense for years now. They help Gmail block automated spammers, let eBay screen its marketplace for bots from overloading the site with scams, and prevent Facebook hackers from creating fraudulent profiles. As with many technologies, the first few generations of CAPTCHAs were poorly designed–with each letter separated out in a way that was easy to solve using standard machine learning techniques or Optical Character Recognition (OCR). Other successful attempts to break individual CAPTCHAs similarly centered on learning to exploit specific bugs or idiosyncrasies within the image generation process.
advertisement
“If you look at the history of CAPTCHA, there have been a bunch of researchers who have solved one particular CAPTCHA, at one particular point in time, using one particular hack, that only works with that CAPTCHA,” says Phoenix. “For example, they might have taken Yahoo's CAPTCHA at a time when all of the letters were slanted at exactly 45 degrees, and when the noise that was added to the image had a certain specific set of properties. In other words, what they were creating wasn't an all-purpose solution.” Today, George points out, CAPTCHAs have become far more advanced, with letters crowded closely together in a way that can be difficult even for a person to read. With these new CAPTCHAs old solutions have a zero percent chance of solving them. “These are far more complex to solve because in order to separate out the letters, you need to actually understand what the letters are,” he says. “This is where state-of-the-art machine learning tools come in to play, because these are what is needed to understand segmented letters.” Implications For Security So what does Vicarious's work mean for anti-spam security in a world that is post-CAPTCHA? For now, website owners operating under this system can breathe a sigh of relief since Phoenix and George are not releasing the software publicly. But long-term security will have to improve. “How we distinguish between a human and a computer is going to have to change,” says George. “What people need to understand is that CAPTCHA is a temporary solution. People have got to start thinking beyond it, and to their credit many people are already doing that. Google, for example, has recently announced that it plans to track click patterns and other heuristics to try and filter out bots.” Building Intelligent Machines The real forward momentum of Vicarious's work, however, has nothing to do with anti-spam software and everything to do with artificial intelligence. “Understanding how the brain creates intelligence is the ultimate scientific challenge,” George continues. “Vicarious has a long-term strategy for developing human level artificial intelligence, and it starts with building a brain-like vision system. Modern CAPTCHAs provide a snapshot of the challenges of visual perception, and solving those in a general way required us to understand how the brain does it.” It is this breakthrough in image recognition that makes what would be simply a neat algorithm into an infinitely scalable solution. “In the real world when you're trying to recognize all of the objects in [a] particular scene that you're perceiving at any given moment, the objects aren't cleanly presented to you against a white background with none overlapping with the others,” Phoenix says. “Disambiguating which contours belong to which objects are an example of something that is very easy for our brains, but has historically been next to impossible for computers.” There is a whole world of textual data contained in images that computers are unable to understand, which could benefit from this work. It may be, for example, that this technology could allow for the intelligent automated reading of X-rays, where a computer could pick up on information that may otherwise be missed by doctors. “In the long run we're trying to create systems that can think and learn like the human brain,” Phoenix continues. “Anything that a brain can do, our system should be able to do as well.”
advertisement
Breaking CAPTCHA might initially sound like a minor computer science puzzle, but as Vicarious's founders point out, its implications are anything but small. Having received funding worth $16.1 million since May 2010, Vicarious could well be at the forefront of cutting-edge artificial intelligence work over the next several years. “We should be careful not to underestimate the significance of Vicarious crossing this milestone,” says Facebook cofounder Dustin Moskovitz, who serves as a board member at the startup. “This is an exciting time for artificial intelligence research, and [D. Scott Phoenix and Dr. Dileep George] are at the forefront of building the first truly intelligent machines.”
The first time and only time I've been to the United States was when I carried out a summer placement at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. To get there, I had to have an interview at the U.S. embassy, where when asked what I was going to do in the U.S. I said that I'd be making diamonds. My interviewer laughed at me. But it was true, that was the experiment I was going to help out with. And now, a research collaboration of scientists from all over the world have, for the first time, created "diamond rain" in the laboratory to mimic the conditions of the interiors of icy giant planets. Dominik Kraus, scientist at Helmholtz Zentrum Dresden-Rossendorf, described this work as "one of the best moments of my scientific career."
Icy giant planets like Neptune and Uranus in our solar system, are planets with a gaseous atmosphere and a rocky core surrounded by a dense slush of different ices. The ices are generally hydrocarbons made of heavier elements including oxygen, carbon, sulfur and nitrogen bonded to hydrogen. Under extremely high pressures, diamond rain can be seen deep inside their interiors. This occurs when the hydrogen and carbon are squeezed by extreme pressures to form solid diamonds. They then slowly sink towards the center of the icy giant forming a layer around the rocky core, just like rain sinks in our atmosphere towards the surface of Earth.
Researchers from Germany, Japan, the United States and the UK carried out experiments at the Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS) at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory to mimic the diamond rain within the interior of icy giant planets. This field of work which consists of recreating astrophysical environments is known as laboratory astrophysics. It is a way of simulating large astrophysical events on small spatial and temporal scales in the laboratory where parameters can be changed in order to learn more about the Universe we live in. "We can't go inside the planets and look at them, so these laboratory experiments complement satellite and telescope observations," says Kraus, lead author of the Nature Astronomy paper that describes this work.
The diamond rain was created in the laboratory by producing extreme conditions of high pressure and temperature in polystyrene, a plastic which was used to mimic methane, the element that leads to the unique blue color of Neptune. Methane is a hydrocarbon where each methane molecule comprises of four hydrogen atoms bonded to a single carbon atom. An intense optical laser at the Matter in Extreme Conditions (MEC) instrument at LCLS was used to generate a pair of shock waves in the polystyrene. The first smaller and slower shock was overtaken by a stronger second shock in order to create the perfect conditions for diamond formation.
The diamonds formed were only a few nanometers (hundreds of a millionth of a meter) in diameter and lived for about 50 femtoseconds, in other words, 50 quadrillionths of a second. Therefore, just like the flash of a camera is used to capture a moment in time, a short pulse of light is needed to capture a snapshot of this very fast reaction. The short pulses of light used were the short pulses of x-rays from "LCLS, [the] the brightest x-ray source in the world," says Siegfried Glenzer, professor of photon science at SLAC. Snapshots of the nanodiamonds were taken at different times during the diamond formation to obtain details of the reaction and the size of the diamonds.
Scientists have speculated that the diamonds formed on planets like Uranus and Neptune are possibly millions of carats in weight and form over thousands of years. As a result, this work paves the way for learning more about the interiors of icy giant planets. Planets are classified by their mass and radius, therefore, by understanding the interior processes of planets, the way planets are modelled and classified could change too. Moreover, being able to create nanodiamonds on Earth could potentially be useful for applications in medicine, electronics and scientific equipment.
VidCon prides itself on being a convention about “the love of online video,” but many are wondering how this seemingly progressive gathering dropped the ball and let a YouTuber's harasser into the front row.
VidCon is an annual multi-genre video convention that lets YouTubers as well as online creators come together and speak on panels. At last week's “Women Online” panel, however, two creators came together who weren't meant to. And Anita Sarkeesian, an activist and vlogger, came face to face with one of her biggest detractors.
I'm really having trouble believing a convention about "love of online video" didn't know about Gamergate, and didn't have policies in place https://t.co/aEl5DUVIUe — Cassandra (@ChrisWarcraft) June 27, 2017
Sarkeesian is known for her YouTube channel feministfrequency where she hosts an ongoing series of videos pointing out differences in gender representation in video games. Due to her outspoken channel, she's been a frequent target for harassment from men's rights activists.
During her panel, Sarkeesian was asked: “Why do we still have to talk about the harassment of women?”
She reportedly answered: “Because I think one of my biggest harassers is sitting in the front row.”
That would be Carl Benjamin. Known as Sargon of Akkad, Benjamin is an English YouTube commentator. His early YouTube videos concerned Gamergate and anti-feminism.
VidCon on Tuesday issued a statement about the event, acknowledging the mistake and saying that founder Hank Green had issued a personal apology to Sarkeesian for “not having been more aware of and active in understanding the situation before the event, which resulted in her being subjected to a hostile environment that she had not signed up for.”
The debrief went on: “[I]t is openly known that women on the internet are subject to far greater amounts (and intensity) of harassment and abuse than men. This is a pattern and it's pervasive. Running this event, we have to be aware when a creator has potentially dangerous harassers or stalkers, and our list for our female creators is a whole lot longer than the list for male creators.”
Sarkeesian wrote about the experience on her Feminist Frequency website:
When you have a history of harassing someone for years, and you show up in the front row at their panel with a camera and an entourage, that is not an act of good faith, to put it mildly. That is itself an act of harassment and intimidation. He and his companions were doing this not just to me but to other women as well, women like Kat Blaque and Franchesca Ramsey, so that we all are aware at VidCon that this man who has harassed us and whose hundreds of thousands of followers have attacked us online for years is here, watching us. It's a deliberate act to create an environment that feels hostile, to communicate to us that if and when we dare to show up in public to express the ideas that we express online, the harassment will follow us into the physical world as well.
Benjamin however, says Sarkeesian attacked him and he's awaiting an apology.
No, no apology for the abuse I suffered from a Vidcon panelist has been offered. https://t.co/wOKDuJMZNG — Sargon (@Sargon_of_Akkad) June 27, 2017
He even made a video about the event, telling his side of things. Benjamin says he attended the panel to “engage” with his digital adversary, and learn about how she “would like to be approached” in the futre. Rather than a riveting conversation, he says, a public calling out and subsequent online harassment from partisan fans. (Ironically, something he's inflicted upon Sarkeesian.)
It remains unclear what VidCon plans to do about preventing these types of YouTuber-on-YouTuber conflicts in the future.
More than 150 US federal, corporate, and nongovernmental organizations have announced new programs and commitments to sustainable water resources management. The 37-page list includes pledges of more than $1 billion in R&D from the private sector over 10 years, with General Electric alone committing to spend $500 million on new water technologies.
The announcements, made at a White House conference marking World Water Day on 22 March, were in response to a call to action on a sustainable water future issued by the Obama administration last December. The goals include reducing by two-thirds the cost and energy requirements of turning seawater or brackish water into freshwater and halving the amount of greenhouse gas emissions produced in the process.
In addition, nearly $4 billion in private capital investments have been committed to water infrastructure projects across the country over the next decade. Venture capital firm Ultra Capital committed to $1.5 billion in financing for decentralized, scalable water management solutions. A second firm, Sustainable Water, said it will invest $500 million to develop water reclamation and reuse systems.
The dozens of nongovernmental commitments came from academic institutions, companies, environmental organizations, industry groups, foundations, water utilities, and related collaborations. Many specified R&D programs, while others plan to promote and assist water technology commercialization efforts.
“The spillover benefits are huge when you invest in water innovation,” said Ali Zaidi, associate director of natural resources at the Office of Management and Budget. He cited an analysis that found 31% of water technology startups are profitable within 10 years, compared with 26% profitability for startups for all technologies.
Obama's fiscal year 2017 budget request proposes a 33% increase, to $300 million, for basic and early-stage R&D on water, Zaidi added.
A presidential memorandum issued the day before the conference directs federal agencies to assist state and local governments and Native American tribes with drought preparedness. The average American uses 2000 m3 of water annually, compared with an average usage of 800 m3 per person worldwide, noted White House Science adviser John Holdren. About 600 US public water systems exceed by at least three times the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) limit for lead, he added.
The new water investments by NSF include $20 million for multidisciplinary water research projects under the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research, which awards grants to research universities. Grantees will seek to determine when and where the impacts of extreme events cascade through the combined socio-ecological system. A new multiagency initiative will apply nanoscale materials to improve water delivery and water-use efficiency.
NASA announced formation of a new Western Water Applications Office, based at the agency's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. The new entity will support the use of satellite observations and airborne technologies to better respond to drought, flooding, declining snowpacks, and falling groundwater levels across the western US.
Kathryn Sullivan, administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), unveiled a new weather model that will dramatically improve the nation's river forecast capabilities. The system will provide forecasts for about 2.7 million locations, compared with the 4000 locations currently covered.
According to the White House, nearly $35 million in FY 2016 spending is devoted to water research grants in the budgets of the Department of Agriculture, EPA, NSF, and NOAA.
“We are facing a new normal,” said Alice Hill, senior director for resilience policy at the National Security Council. “We are looking down the barrel of a future where a warmer atmosphere will mean our historical norms—the 100-year flood or the 100-year drought—will no longer be a reliable method for predicting the future. New guides will be needed as we go forward.”
Hill pointed out several recent water crises: the worst drought in the Colorado River basin in 1200 years; the lead crisis in Flint, Michigan; and “sunny day flooding” from rising sea levels in Norfolk, Virginia, and Miami, Florida. She warned that “our collective well is running dry and now we have water spilling into places where we cannot contain it.”
I don't believe in Santa Claus. I don't believe in the Easter Bunny. I don't believe in the Tooth Fairy.
I believe in the Kansas City Chiefs' Playoff Curse.
I believe in an invisible, intangible beast that comes alive every winter, right after the Christmas lights get put away and just before the drugstore pulls out the Valentine's Day cards.
I believe in a monster that feasts on your wishes and hopes, riding a chariot pulled by January's nightmares.
I believe in an apparition that turns good coaches into fools, good defenses into frauds, and kickers into mush.
It's the only way to rationalize the inexplicable, the only way to come to terms with the unfathomable.
How else do you explain Chiefs running back Jamaal Charles, the best player on the field, getting knocked out of Saturday's AFC wild-card round game in Indianapolis six plays into the tilt?
Or the fact that his replacement, Knile Davis, had to leave in the fourth quarter?
How do you explain Brandon Flowers getting hurt? Or Donnie Avery? Or Justin freaking Houston?
Or a 38-10 third-quarter laugher turning into a 41-38 nail-biter with 10 minutes left?
Or Colts tailback Donald Brown getting the ball knocked free at the Chiefs' 2-yard line — only to have it land right in the arms of Andrew Luck, who then belly-flopped his 6-foot-4 frame into the end zone?
Or a fourth-and-11, do-or-die throw from Chiefs QB Alex Smith to Dwayne Bowe up the right boundary being on the money — only to end with Bowe failing to get two feet inbounds?
Or Colts 45, Chiefs 44?
The Curse, the Curse, the Curse, the Curse, the Curse, the Curse, the Curse, the Curse, the Curse.
It's bigger than Andy Reid. It's bigger than Alex Smith. It's bigger than John Dorsey. Together, those men helped to turn the S.S. Minnow, with Gilligan Pioli at the wheel, into a watertight battleship, more quickly and more demonstrably than almost anyone thought possible. They always will be the ones who transformed 2-14 into 11-5, the ones who brought back the pride and the noise and the fun, the ones who dared you to dream big again.
They're good men. All of them.
But the Curse doesn't care about good men.
It just destroys. Without logic, without conscience, without mercy.
Without a bloody soul.
The Chiefs have dropped eight postseason games in a row now, an NFL record, winless in the playoffs since Joe Montana had the reins back in 1993-94. Half of those losses were to the Colts.
And this one just might have been the most painful of all.
Because it was there. Right there. All of it.
The Chiefs and Colts combined for 1,049 yards and 58 first downs, both NFL single-game playoff records in regulation. They left it all out there. Blood. Sweat. Tears. Bodies.
Mostly bodies. With no Houston, no Flowers, it was only a matter of time before Luck stepped on the Andy Gang's collective hearts, floating a rainbow over safeties Kendrick Lewis and Quintin Demps and into the mitts of T.Y. Hilton for a 64-yard score with 4:21 left in the tilt. That tied the game at 44-all, and wiped out the earlier efforts of a Chiefs defense that had sacked Luck once and picked him off three times.
When Charles left the field, the rookie Davis (18 carries, 67 yards, one TD) did yeoman's work in his stead. Smith threw for 378 yards and four scores — a new single-game Chiefs record — while picking up 57 more yards on the ground. Bowe (8 catches, 150 yards) played like a man possessed, if not outright challenged. Reid and coordinators Doug Pederson (offense) and Bob Sutton (defense) brought in a good game plan, only to be forced to adjust on the fly as stars such as Charles, Flowers and Houston left the stage, one by one.
Kansas City led 17-7. Then 24-7. Then 31-10. Then 38-10. A date with Denver next weekend was so close, so tangible, you could almost smell the legalized marijuana.
But then this thing became a Chiefs playoff game again, in all the evil, cruel, nonsensical Chiefs-playoff-game ways.
And maybe none more cruel than the one with 10:45 or so left in the contest, and the Colts at the Chiefs' 2, down 41-31. Brown took a handoff and a step before the ball was knocked free. Surely, it was a repeat of the Buffalo game; surely, it was a turnover that would swing momentum back to the visitors.
Only Brown's fumble popped out with such ferocity that it somehow flew behind the first wave of Chiefs defenders and into the waiting lap of Luck, who then scooped it up, secured it, and fell forward for the disaster-turned-touchdown, cutting the Chiefs' lead to 41-37.
The Curse just laughed. Someday, Chiefs fans will, too. If only to keep from crying.
You can follow Sean Keeler on Twitter (@seankeeler) or email him at seanmkeeler@gmail.com.
Living in Israel, for me, meant mastering the art of feigning ignorance. “Ani lo mevin, ani lo mevin. Rak midaber englit v sfardit,” I would often say. “I don't understand, I don't understand. I only speak English and Spanish.”
But I always knew exactly what the stranger in the kibbutz cafeteria or the shop-owner in the shuk or the security guard by the bathroom was saying as he chuckled to himself and asked, “Atah ben o bat?” with eyebrows raised. His Hebrew translates to, “Are you a boy or a girl?” but really what he's getting at is, “Come on, really?” He's reminding me that I am a puzzle to be figured out for his amusement, and that because I am a puzzle (read: not a human), it is A-OK to ask me rude questions.
Throughout my stay in Israel, strangers and friends alike would ask me this question in an array of rude ways. And though I often felt hurt and disappointed by the ease with which those around me seemed to prioritize a few laughs and quick satiation of their curiosities over my well-being, as I look back at my stint in Israel, it's difficult for me to blame these perpetrators. As far as I, someone raised in America who lived in Israel for only six months and is and was far from culturally integrated into Israeli society, can tell, gender separation is the law of the land of Israel; it's as Israeli as hummus or yelling.
Upon an emotional visit to the Kotel, the Western Wall, arguably the most sacred site to the Jewish people and a prominent international symbol of Judaism, my many experiences of gender alienation in Israel fermented and constellated, and I became painfully aware of the pervasive nature of a binary gender system in Israel. I was skeptical of a Kotel visit, but the visit was on the itinerary of a seminar about tensions between the religious and the secular in Israeli society I was taking part in that weekend, so it felt imminent. I had been two years prior, seeking spiritual rebirth only to be severely disappointed by the realization upon arriving that it would not be safe for me to be on either side of the
mechitza
. Though as I arrived at the Kotel for my visit I deemed it safe to enter the men's side of the mechitza, I decided that I did not want to participate in and benefit from a structure that not only did many of my queer and trans* friends and siblings not have access to, but that seemed to serve as a critical aid to the subjugation of women and the denial of their right to freedom of religious expression. So I remained on the stairs above the wall, and cynically shook my head back and forth for a few minutes before I started to weep. This supposed scene of intense holiness was in reality an instrument of the most unholy of unholy: oppression. I felt like giving up on my Judaism. I had put so much energy and care into drawing meaning from that history and culture, but in that moment it felt like it was all for nothing. I had given so much to make Judaism and Jewish peoplehood “work” for me as someone at the margins of that culture and community, and it felt that all I had received in return was a reminder that I am unwanted and don't belong.
Things felt bleak for me in Israel as a trans* person. But that's not to say that being trans* and Jewish or trans* and in Israel is totally and unendingly disappointing. During my time in Israel, I met so, so many wonderful, open, and warm-hearted individuals committed to building an Israeli society and culture here rooted in a deep, deep sense of equality. Time and time again, I was reached out to in committed, meaningful ways by a variety of queer people, many of whom I was previously only peripherally connected to. These connections, these conversations were crucially rejuvenating and inspiring for me.
As I, a young adult, move further and further from my world of childhood and plunge into the wider reality of the planet, I see and feel how pervasively messed up most things here on earth are, and it often feels crippling. I fall into feeling that the actions I take to make this planet a hospitable place for everyone and everything it contains are meaningless, futile – just tiny, tiny drops in a large, large bucket. But as I reflect on the connections I forged with LGBTQ people and our allies in Israel, and I realize and appreciate how much more at home these people made me feel, I start to understand how these connections can mean the world to the folks involved. And though I still struggle to stomach the world around me, I feel less futile, and more inspired to keep reaching out and keep building just and whole communities for the sake of my health, the health of my loved ones, the health of my communities, and the health of the planet.
Kotel Your browser does not support the audio element. Pronounced: KOH-tell, Origin: Hebrew, Western Wall in Jerusalem, Judaism's holiest site.
An Indiegogo project that aims to deliver the first gadget capable of translating a dog's thoughts into the English language has reached its funding goal with 50 days left to go in the money-raising campaign, Fox News reports. The “No More Woof” (NMW) project developed by Scandinavian Nordic Society for Invention and Discovery (NSID) organization has surpassed its $10,000 funding goal by almost $5,000, and aims to deliver the first devices that will translate dogs' thoughts into English and other languages at some point in April.
The gadget developed by the NSID looks largely like a pair of headphones, although it's made of an electroencephalogram (EEG) element hooked up to a processing unit (a Raspberry PI computer) and a loudspeaker that helps the dog talk. Early on, the EEG unit will only detect a few thought patterns when placed on a dog's head, including tiredness, hunger and curiosity.
So far, the company has two NMW devices that will ship to backers, including a $65 NMW Micro that understands two to three dogs thought patterns and a $300 NMW Standard that can distinguish four or more thought patterns. The NMW-wearing dogs will speak English, although Mandarin, French and Spanish version will be available in the future.
The NMW Standard version will also support firmware upgrades in the future via microUSB as the NSID team conducts further research and adds support for new thought patterns.
Dashboard Confessional experienced a banner summer in 2015 when they co-headlined a tour with Third Eye Blind and frontman Chris Carrabba revealed that the band had plans for a new album. Now, as he readies to take the group back out on the road, headlining the Taste of Chaos tour with a lineup that includes Taking Back Sunday, Saves the Day, and Saosin, the 41-year-old music vet gives EW an update on what will be the group's seventh album: “I can say I am actively writing and recording new songs for Dashboard Confessional.”
But beyond that, the details are vague. “I don't have any idea of a release date or a worry about one for that matter,” he says. “But I'm really excited to be doing it because I don't think it's ever felt this much like the beginning again.”
Recording in his home studio, Carrabba clarifies: “No one's paying attention. No one's looking over my shoulder to see how the songs are going or when the record's coming out. There are no notes from anybody. I'm just quietly toiling away like I did on my first album [2000's The Swiss Army Romance].”
Carrabba notes the new Dashboard music stays true to the group's original sound — popularized in the pop-punk and emo genres — and teases the lyrical content of Dashboard's music has always been about honesty. “Something I've always written about is the challenging and joys of navigating your way through life.”
Carrabba has long put together Dashboard music on his own, but admits that he's been “messing around with some friends from our scene.” He says, “I wouldn't be surprised if they made it onto the album.”
Though Carrabba hasn't stopped putting out music — he last released an album with his other band Twin Forks in 2014 — this will be Dashboard's first album since 2009's Alter the Ending. The band's recent position back in the spotlight has been thanks to, in part, what fans and critics have dubbed the “emo revival.”
“We were revived so that term works for me,” Carrabba says. “We literally did go away.”
DENVER -- There have been plenty of mind-blowing choke jobs in the NFL playoffs over the past few decades, but not many can beat what happened at Sports Authority Field at Mile High on Saturday night.
On an evening when the Denver Broncos were one play away from clinching a spot in next Sunday's AFC Championship Game, they imploded in a manner that will be discussed for years to come. At worst, it could become the defining game of Peyton Manning's time in this town.
A dejected Peyton Manning leaves the field after committing three turnovers in a devastating loss. Chris Humphreys/USA TODAY Sports
The Baltimore Ravens offered plenty of great quotes about resolve and a relentless spirit, which was their right after their 38-35 victory in double overtime. But nobody outside of their fan base should buy into such bluster. The Ravens won because they hung around long enough to take advantage of the Broncos' critical errors. That's the only way to explain the way this AFC divisional playoff game played out.
There was an improbable last-minute touchdown pass from Joe Flacco to Jacoby Jones in regulation. There was the Broncos offense shriveling in the second half, Champ Bailey morphing into a liability and coach John Fox pulling out a severely conservative game plan in overtime. Finally, there were three huge turnovers by Manning, the last of which set up the Ravens' game-winning field goal.
As Manning said after the loss, "It's very disappointing because of all the work we've put into this season. We had planned on playing next week. Losing by a field goal in overtime is disappointing."
This loss was so alarming to watch that it's hard to even know where to start the criticism. This was a game that seemed to be in Denver's grasp from the beginning. Trindon Holliday opened the scoring with a 90-yard punt return for a touchdown and started the second half with a 104-yard kickoff return for another touchdown. It's difficult to lose with two touchdowns on special teams and Manning under center. It's like giving Usain Bolt a head start in a 100-meter dash.
The Ravens kept the game tight with big plays of their own in the first half -- wide receiver Torrey Smith burned Bailey for touchdown receptions of 59 and 32 yards, and cornerback Corey Graham returned an interception for a 39-yard score -- but the momentum favored Denver. The crowd was rocking. The temperature was dropping toward single digits. The feeling was that the faster the tempo, the more the Broncos would drift into a dangerous groove.
Manning goes down under an avalanche of Ravens defenders, one of the three sacks he surrendered. Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports
Maybe that was the problem for Denver as well. Maybe the Broncos felt so comfortable in their home stadium, riding an 11-game winning streak, that they forgot they were fully capable of screwing up. That's the best explanation that can be offered, because the Broncos weren't giving any reasonable ones. As they quietly dressed in their locker room and trudged to their cars, they carried the same dazed expressions that fighters display after walking into unforeseeable left hooks.
The first big blow to the Broncos' chances was the knee injury that shelved running back Knowshon Moreno for most of the second half. Suddenly, backups Jacob Hester and Ronnie Hillman were handling the ball way too often. Hester didn't offer much of a running threat, and Hillman clearly was a liability in pass protection. The end result was the Broncos offense turning into something far more simplistic and predictable, with Manning increasingly facing more pressure on every possession.
Big-play receivers Demaryius Thomas and Eric Decker vanished for long stretches. Baltimore seemed willing to let Manning throw to tight ends Joel Dreessen and Jacob Tamme all afternoon. What was also noticeable was the waning confidence of the Broncos. The longer this game went on, the more they played like a team hoping to avoid a big mistake.
Of course, that's exactly what Denver got in the end. It came with 41 seconds left, the Ravens trailing 35-28 and the ball at the Baltimore 30-yard line. Even the most inebriated fan in the stadium understood that Baltimore's only hope rested in a desperation heave. When Flacco unleashed a deep throw, he found Jones drifting behind safety Rahim Moore and cornerback Tony Carter for a 70-yard touchdown.
Moore later took all the blame for the loss -- "If I had made that play, we'd be in here rejoicing right now," he said in the locker room -- but he wasn't the only Bronco who needed to take heat. As hapless as that error was, Denver still had other opportunities to win this game. It's just that its players weren't mentally prepared to grab them. They didn't know what to do once the pressure became too intense.
Corey Graham capitalized on Manning's mistakes by intercepting two passes, including this one for a TD. Jeff Gross/Getty Images
Fox had two timeouts when the Broncos got the ball back at their 20-yard line with 31 seconds left in regulation. That was more than enough time to move into position for a long field goal attempt, but the Broncos opted instead to run out the clock. Denver was just as conservative in the first overtime. An assortment of short throws and even shorter runs reinforced the notion that Denver had lost its killer instinct.
By the time Manning threw his second interception, the game was no longer in doubt. It was bad enough that he rolled to his right and threw across his body before Graham snatched his errant pass. The play was eerily reminiscent of Brett Favre tossing a similar, game-changing interception in Minnesota's loss to New Orleans in the NFC title game three years ago. Manning later admitted that it was "a bad throw. I was trying to make a play, and I'd like to have it back."
The truth was that he had no other choice by then. Manning had to make a desperate move, because the Broncos had become a desperate bunch. The very things that turned them into the NFL's hottest team were the things that disappeared Saturday night. There was no confidence, no risk-taking and definitely a shortage of options. The Broncos had become a team very similar to what they were with Tim Tebow under center, one hoping to find a miracle in the middle of mediocrity.
That's a tough place to be when this postseason was filled with such high expectations. It will be even harder to accept once Denver is a few days removed from this debacle. The players displayed class and professionalism in their postgame comments, but they know exactly what happened here. Baltimore is moving on to the AFC Championship Game for only one reason -- because Denver gave them an unforgettable gift.
A post shared by Moderna Museet (@modernamuseet) on Mar 17, 2017 at 9:30am PDT
Loading...
What is modern art? It can be many things. As a man lying on the floor and screaming incessantly - for two and a half hours. It happened at the Museum of Modern Art on Friday.Right now the Serbian performance artist Marina Abramović has an exebition at the Museum of Modern Art in Stockholm.Abramovic's exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art is known as "The Cleaner," and contains more than 120 works from her most famous performance art of the past five decades.On Friday, the work "Freeing the Voice" was displayed, consisting of a man lying on a white mattress on the floor and screaming incessantly for 2.5 hours.- The performer screams until he loses his voice, writes the museum on Instagram.The performance is a part of the 'Freeing series' in which she tries to purify her body and mind and attempts to switch off her consciousness. Abramović created the performance in 1975 when she said goodbye to her background in Belgrade, the Museum of Modern Art writes.The museum has published a film of the artwork. By clicking on the film you can hear a man screaming and screaming and screaming and screaming.Duration: 2,5 h. Enjoy, lol!Comment below.
The National Labor Relations Board has found that the Capitol's food-service vendor likely violated labor laws when supervisors retaliated against workers who went on strike. In two separate cases, the NLRB found merit in allegations of retaliation, which included charges of interrogation and coercive statements. Workers in the Capitol Visitor Center and the Dirksen Senate Office Building filed unfair labor practice charges against Restaurant Associates in April and May, respectively, following an April 22 strike for higher wages and union representation.
After the cases were filed, the NLRB proceeded with an investigation, which included conducting confidential interviews with the workers involved. The NLRB found all but one of the charges, which was voluntarily withdrawn, had merit, and the parties involved reached a settlement on July 31.
In the CVC case, workers alleged their manager threatened their jobs; required them to work later "without reasonable or customary notice;" imposed more onerous duties on the workers who participated in the strike; stated the striking workers were unreliable; and ordered employees not to speak with representatives of Good Jobs Nation, a coalition of labor groups that has been organizing the federal worker strikes.
The Dirksen Senate Office Building case involved a worker whose supervisor allegedly questioned him about his involvement with the labor organizers, and made statements about what it would mean for the worker's family if he lost his job.
After the NLRB found merit in the charges, the parties agreed to a settlement. Restaurant Associates spokesman Sam Souccar wrote in a Monday email that the organization agreed to settle the case rather than go to trial.
"Restaurant Associates continues to respect all employee rights including the right to engage in or refrain from protected concerted activity," Souccar wrote. "Toward that end we have agreed to reassure employees of this long-standing policy rather than engage in contentious and prolonged litigation."
But for labor organizers and the workers, the settlement was an admission of guilt.
"It's ironic that Congress passed labor laws that they don't follow at the U.S. Capitol," said Joseph Geevarghese, deputy director of Change to Win, a coalition of unions backing the Good Jobs Nation campaign. Good Jobs Nation also filed the unfair labor practice charges on behalf of the Capitol workers.
"The Senate must guarantee that contractors uphold the right of workers to organize free from threats and intimidation," Geevarghese added, in an apparent nod to the Senate food service contract with Restaurant Associates that is currently being renegotiated.
According to the settlement documents obtained by CQ Roll Call, Restaurant Associates is required to post notices for 60 consecutive days in an area "where the Charged Party customarily posts notices to employees," such as a break room, and on the company's intranet.
Both notices for Dirksen and the CVC list workers' rights under federal law, which include forming, joining or assisting a union; choosing a bargaining representative; acting "together with other employees for your benefit and protection;" and choosing not to participate in the organizing activities.
The Dirksen notice includes four actions that Restaurant Associates "WILL NOT" take against employees who participate in the organizing activities, which include not asking about organizing activities and not telling workers they are more likely to get fired or lose pay or benefits for joining a union.
In the CVC, the notice includes eight actions the company will not take, including pledging not to interfere with conversations with Good Jobs Nation organizers during breaks; not refer to workers who went on strike as "the wrong crowd" or "unreliable;" and not to threaten employees with "unspecified reprisals."
Kellie Duckett, one of the CVC workers who filed the charges, said in a phone interview she was pleasantly surprised that the NLRB found that the allegations were true.
"I was happy," Duckett said. "I didn't think that it was going to go as we planned, but it turned [out] it went better than we planned.”
Duckett participated in the April strike, as well as a strike on July 22 , which included 40 Capitol workers (the highest number so far) who walked off their jobs. She said her manager did not retaliate against her after the most recent strike, but that the NLRB's findings bolster their cause.
"Since we did the [unfair labor practice] and everything, they've seen that what we're saying is in fact true," Duckett said. "That could be proof as of what needs to change.”
"The pay, for one, and then, two, we need a union," Duckett added. "We need to be able to have a voice."
Clarification 4:28 p.m. This article was updated to reflect more specific language regarding charges, per NLRB processes.
Office workers probably assume their boss can peek in on their corporate emails. But knowing — exactly — how long they've been sitting down on the job?
That's the purpose of the "connected caster," an innocent-looking, weight-sensitive wheel that can be affixed to the bottom of an office chair. It sends data back to a system that tracks just that.
Detroit-based Tome Inc. worked on the product with office furniture designer Humanscale — which makes a line of desks for standing up and working at.
Humanscale Founder and CEO, Robert King, says, "OfficeIQ is in line with our focus on
solutions that are inherently simple and easy to use, yet have a real impact on wellness in
the workplace. It can generate cost savings and help employers see real returns on their investments in developing healthier and happier places to work."
Using occupancy and height sensor technology it provides provides sit/stand data, calculates caloric
expenditure, and gives opt-in users real time feedback on their activity at workstations.
Humanscale says data on individual workers will be protected and employers receive only receive aggregated data.
The company says the office software "gamifies" the experience. Individuals can receive activity scores and alerts with smart sit/stand reminders, while companies can set up teams to create "friendly" competition between departments.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Family feeling closure after 2014 human remains identified as missing man Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved Video
Vi Nguyen - BLOOMINGTON, Ind. (WISH) -- Family members of a man reported missing two years ago in Bloomington said they are now feeling a sense of closure.
Police have confirmed human remains found three months after his disappearance in July 2014 belong to their loved one, 21-year-old Taz Hughes.
"We're just all hurt; lost for words," said April Hughes, Taz's sister. "We can't believe it, how somebody could do something like that to somebody."
The family said these past two years have been very slow and painful. April told 24-Hour News 8 she couldn't believe it when police called her last week with the outcome.
She and her father are looking back on the memories and the time they had together with Taz.
"He had a lot of friends, a lot of people who cared about him. We always went camping, we went to Indiana beach," April said. "We all had so much fun, his brother, his sisters we all did everything together and now we don't -- we can't."
Hughes said her brother had just moved back from Florida and was staying with friends in Bloomington. She and Taz would keep in touch through Facebook.
"He asked how me and my kids were doing and I told him, 'Good.' And then he just quit writing," said Hughes. "But he always checked in on everybody."
Hughes said her mother filed a missing person's report in July 2014.
Reports show he was at the Monroe County Fairgrounds with a friend. He was supposed to meet back up with a friend later that night, but he never showed up.
In October 2014, Bloomington Police launched an investigation after partial human remains were discovered in a lot of a mobile home park.
But forensic testing didn't come back until now.
"We're all mad and like two years is a lot. We don't know exactly why it took so long except for they had to do the DNA," she said.
April is pleading for answers.
"How could you do that to somebody?" she said. "That person has family, you know? My brother's gone and we can't do anything about it."
She wants to know who would hurt her brother and why.
"I just hope he or she gets what they deserve. Nobody deserves to be treated the way my brother was," she said. "It's a little messed up, but hopefully we find out who it was and the police do what they have to do."
Hughes' family is meeting with police to go over the case.
They are still waiting for the coroner's office to release his remains so they can cremate him.
Click here if you would like to help the family with the burial expenses.
Apple has just begun airing its first pair of TV ads for the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus in the U.K. But while they famously feature the voices of Justin Timberlake and Jimmy Fallon in the U.S., the ads are narrated by a different duo following their transatlantic translation.
As noted by Cult of Mac, the U.K. versions of Apple's “Duo” and “Health” ads for the new iPhones feature the voices of Richard Ayoade and Chris O'Dowd. Watch and listen:
If you can't see the video embedded above, please click here and here.
Ayoade, he of the English accent, and O'Dowd, he of the Irish brogue, co-star in the internationally syndicated British sitcom “The IT Crowd.”
Like Timberlake and Fallon before them, Ayoade and O'Dowd tout the larger screens of and the new Health app in the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus in “Duo” and “Health.”
The ads made their debut at Apple's special media event last month for the new iPhones. They were followed by another pair of ads, titled “Huge” and “Camera,” also featuring the voices of Timberlake and Fallon.
Whether Ayoade and O'Dowd will also rework “Huge” and “Camera” for the U.K. crowd remains to be seen and heard.
See also: People are buying iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units in record numbers, The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are set to arrive in 36 new countries, and Release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus led to record accessory sales.
Even as George W. Bush is honored at his new presidential library, the painful consequences of his disastrous eight years in office continue to be felt, both at home with high unemployment and overseas with unresolved wars, including a troubling spike in sectarian violence in Iraq, as ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar notes.
By Paul R. Pillar
The most prominent civil wars in recent years have not started with a clear, firing-on-Fort-Sumter beginning. Instead they have been slid into as protests grow, confrontations between the regime and an opposition become more physical, and the government's use of lethal force is increasingly matched by oppositionists firing back. This was the pattern in the civil war in Iraq unleashed by the U.S. invasion and later in Libya and Syria.
Now the same process may be occurring again in Iraq. A spurt of lethal violence this weekbetween the Shia-dominated regime and a Sunni resistance has featured such war-like encounters as helicopter-borne government troops firing on a Shia village. This is another stage in an escalating confrontation between the opposing sectarian forces in Iraq.
Again, there is no one point in the escalation at which anyone can declare that a civil war has now begun. But that does not mean one is not beginning.
Any new civil war in Iraq at this time would not really be altogether new but instead a resumption of the unresolved conflict that earlier reached a peak about six years ago. Resumption would be a reminder both of the overall results of the U.S. invasion and of the later surge of U.S. troops. We have known all along that the surge never led to the political reconciliation within Iraq that it was supposed to facilitate. Now we can say also that whatever improvement in security it fostered was temporary.
There are still two grounds for optimism that Iraq will not fall over the brink into a round of fighting anything like the earlier round. One is that unlike during Iraq's earlier political history that the U.S. invasion and subsequent fighting disrupted, and also unlike present-day Syria, the majority religious sect in the country is also the dominant sect in the regime. This is not a situation of a subjugated majority trying to get its day of dominance. A minority that sees itself as repressed can still cause quite a ruckus, but maybe there is less potential for full-blown civil war than when there is a clear disjunction between demographic patterns and patterns of political power.
The other possible reason for optimism concerns the extensive ethnic and sectarian cleansing that occurred in the earlier round of fighting. With the confessional communities now being more thoroughly sorted out and separated than before, there is less of the street-by-street hostile interface that feeds civil war at the retail level.
Even if Iraq does not go over the brink, its teetering on the brink needs to be included in any comprehensive balance sheet on the Iraq War. Rather like the heavy cost of caring for wounded American veterans, the sectarian violence and instability in Iraq is an open-ended cost that keeps adding up as the years go by.
The purpose of noting this should not be just to refight old policy wars over the Iraq War. It should be to try to learn a lesson applicable to other situations. Syria is the most obvious relevant current situation, but there are sure to be others in the future.
The basic lesson, briefly stated, is that where there is strong communal antagonism but a weak political culture for managing such antagonism, even a big effort by outsiders is unlikely to have a lasting beneficial effect on political stability.
Paul R. Pillar, in his 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to be one of the agency's top analysts. He is now a visiting professor at Georgetown University for security studies. (This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest's Web site. Reprinted with author's permission.)
Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images
Harry Kane has come out with a shock announcement that it is tough for any young man to make—he's a Belieber.
Yes, the in-form Tottenham striker says he likes Justin Bieber's music so much that he has even seen him in concert.
What's more, Kane said he is not the only Spurs player who likes the Canadian pop sensation's tunes, although he did admit that not everybody might be so willing to reveal their Belieber status.
The 21-year-old told The Sun (subscription required):
I like his music and have been to see him in concert. Me and my missus Katie went to see him and he was excellent. It was a really good night. I may get a bit of stick, but there are a few secret Justin Bieber fans in the dressing room. I'm not going to name names as it is up to them when they come out and admit it. But let's just say I am not the only one singing along when his music comes on before matches!
There might be some Tottenham fans shaking their heads at Kane's revelation, but if he keeps adding to the 10 goals he has scored already this season, we suspect they will forgive him.
[The Sun]
The Pittsburgh Steelers might be in need of another practice squad cornerback with Cortez Allen now out for the season and veteran Ike Taylor banged up following the win over the Cincinnati Bengals.
According to his agent, free agent cornerback Kevin Fogg is working out for the Steelers Tuesday.
Fogg, who spent time with the Miami Dolphins during training camp and the preseason after being signed as an undrafted free agent, was named All-Big South Conference First Team last year with Liberty where he recorded four interceptions, with one touchdown, seven pass breakups, and 44 tackles. He also served as the primary punt and kick returner for the team, averaging 8.5 yards per punt return and 18.9 yards per kick return.
During his March Pro Day, Fogg ran a 4.49 second 40-yard dash, had a vertical jump of 33-inches, and a broad jump of 10-feet, 4-inches. He measured in at 5094 and weighed 182 pounds.
ESPN's Sage Steele is back as co-host for the 2018 competition, set for a Sept. 10 broadcast on ABC.
Chris Harrison is returning as host of the Miss America competition.
Meanwhile, ESPN's Sage Steele will return as co-host for the event, which airs live on ABC at 9 p.m. ET/PT on Sunday, Sept. 10, from Atlantic City's Boardwalk Hall.
A total of 51 women, representing their home states and the District of Columbia, will compete for the title.
This is Harrison's ninth time hosting the event — his first time was in 2004. He also hosts ABC's Bachelor franchise, which includes The Bachelorette, currently in its 13th season, and Bachelor in Paradise, set to premiere in August.
"It's an honor to grace the Miss America stage as host for the ninth time," Harrison said. "I'm extremely happy to be sharing the hosting duties once again with my friend Sage Steele. Sage is a true professional whose quick wit and charisma lights up the stage and the show."
Steele is the lead host for SportsCenter on the Road and is the Monday-Thursday anchor for SportsCenter:AM.
Added Steele: "I can honestly say that co-hosting Miss America last year was one of the most memorable events I've been a part of in my 22 years in this business. These young women are so inspirational to millions across the country, including my own daughters, and yours truly."
Sam Haskell is executive chairman and CEO of the Miss America Organization, while Josh Randle is president.
Dick Clark Productions and the Miss America Organization will collaborate on all creative, marketing, sponsorship, licensing, ticketing and distribution elements of this year's show. Anthony Eaton and Tall Pony Productions will produce the event.
SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eric Lombrozo, co-CEO and Chief Technology Officer of Ciphrex, will lead a two-hour workshop on cryptocurrency security at the Inside Bitcoins NYC 2015 conference April 27 from 1 pm to 3 pm. Called “Bitcoin Security: A Practical Perspective,” the workshop will be taught in a format easy to understand for those new to and becoming accustomed to Bitcoin.
During the workshop, Lombrozo, who is one of the foremost experts in blockchain technology and cryptocurrency security, will provide an overview of best practices for securing bitcoins at both the individual and enterprise level. The session will cover practical guidelines that anyone at any level can put to use immediately with off-the-shelf components. Topics include secure key generation, key management, backups, policy definition and enforcement, multisignature transactions, offline signing, accountability, transparency, audits, and risk mitigation.
Lombrozo created mSIGNA, a product of Ciphrex and the most advanced, secure, user-friendly bitcoin wallet on the market. The first to support advanced features such as full control, scalable multisignature account management, mSIGNA is the safest option to store, send, and receive bitcoins. He also developed CoinSocket, a secure and scalable enterprise-grade application development platform. He has participated in several projects related to decentralized consensus protocols, contributing source code to multiple open source projects including Bitcoin, Ripple and Ethereum. He also is a founding member of the CryptoCurrency Security Standards Steering Committee, a committee formed to ensure the CryptoCurrency Security Standards (CCSS) remains up to date, neutral and relevant in establishing security standards in the fast changing world of cryptocurrencies.
A sought-after speaker on cryptocurrency security and blockchain technology worldwide, he has spoken at several Bitcoin conferences including Miami, Berlin and Austin, among others.
About Ciphrex
Ciphrex creates technologies to build the peer-to-peer payment network infrastructure required to securely store and transact in digital assets. The company's enterprise grade software is based on public-key cryptography and blockchain technology focusing on four key aspects: security, simplicity, speed and scalability. Ciphrex recently raised $500,000 in a fully-subscribed Series A stock issue and is on track for a Series B round offering.
NOTE: To schedule an interview with Eric Lombrozo, please contact Marisa Vallbona, Chief Communications Officer, Ciphrex, marisa@ciphrex.com, 619-708-7990.
Two students start training Brazilian jiu jitsu at the same time. One student attends class because that is what he or she thinks needs to be done. The other student shows up to the gym ready to train. While both students are attending class, the mindsets of these students are different - and their mindsets will determine their progress over the long haul.
Mindset Makes a Difference
The BJJ journey is filled with peaks and plateaus, sometimes even dips. Everyone goes through all of these periods. How you respond to adversity is the important part. Some of the top grapplers in the world talk about the struggles they had early in their BJJ lifespan. What makes them different from everyone else?
Some would argue natural talent. I agree talent helps. But it is not the most important factor. Mindset is. The best and most successful grapplers approach BJJ from a mental standpoint that is different. Some students just attend class. Others train.
Attending vs. Training Mindset
Attending class is important. There is no way to get better at BJJ without attending class. But some students do just that. Day after day, and sometimes year after year, they show up to class and go through the motions. Then they wonder why they are not getting any better.
Students of this mindset display a few distinct characteristics:
First they spend half of the time during drilling or technique talking with their partners. You can talk after. Your instructor just showed you a technique. Your job is to practice it then support your teammate when it's his or her turn.
Second, students with an attending mindset look at rolling or sparring at the end of class like a competition - keeping score in their heads or getting upset when they get submitted. In their eyes, they are competing and not training. I am not against hard training. It is needed especially for competitors. It's the mindset that makes the difference. One competitor gets upset every time he or she gets submitted. The other wants to know why he or she got submitted. In the long run, the competitor who looks at getting submitted as a learning opportunity is going to be better off in the long run.
Someone with a training mindset looks at every class as an opportunity to get better. His or her goal is to leave class better than when he or she walked in. That does not mean submitting everyone. We all have days where nothing is going our way. It's those days that are the most frustrating. Someone with a training mindset learns from the bad days instead of getting frustrated by them.
Students who show up to the academy to train have a goal in mind for each class. It may be something as simple as, “Every time I get in someone's closed guard, I am going to try and stand up to open it.” During training is a great time to practice weaknesses such as these without worry. Students are people who show up to train and do not care if they get submitted or swept by another student. If you are working on a new technique it is going to happen. When your ego gets in the way, then you will never try new, learn, or master techniques.
How to Change Your Mindset
I remember being at a team meeting years ago with the head instructor of New Breed Training Center, Mark Vives, and he asked the team what their game plans were. It was a simple question, but difficult to answer. Then he challenged the team to write down their game plans and bring them to class. It was a humbling experience.
A game plan does not have to be complex. Just write down two or three techniques you would like to do from every position. Then write down how you will link them together. When you write down your game plan, it is easy to see any missing pieces. Everyone wants to practice what they are good it. It's what you are not good at that is going to hurt you the most. Your game plan is going to change as you learn more techniques. When you learn a new technique that you like, then add it into your game plan.
Once your game plan is complete, it's what you do on a daily basis that is going to lead you closer or further from your goals. Based on your game plan, and more importantly your weaknesses, you can set goals for training. Pick two or three techniques and try them out every class during rolling. Then, after training, write down the things you want to work on next class.
By doing this your training time will be specific to your needs. Remember, the goal is not to leave the class as the best grappler in the world. It's to leave better than you were when you walked in.
Mindset Over Matter
It does not matter if you are young or old, male or female, athletic or non-athletic. You can do Brazilian jiu jitsu. What matters is your mindset. Over time with the right mindset people who once thought they had no athletic talent can turn themselves into grapplers who can hold their own against any athlete.
Photos 2 & 3 courtesy of Shutterstock.
Internet of Things
Watchdog: IT glitch at NASA led to fire
A security patch that shut down monitoring equipment in a large NASA engineering oven resulted in a fire that destroyed spacecraft hardware inside it. Since the computer reboot to accommodate the software upgrade also crippled fire alarm activation, the fire in the oven wasn't discovered for three and a half hours.
This is just one example of how a lack of coordination between IT and industrial control systems can wreak havoc, according to a Feb. 8 report from the space agency's inspector general.
NASA has been automating many of its isolated, manually controlled technologies in favor of more sophisticated and interconnected IT equipment. But the agency's approach to integrating cyber, IT and physical systems is still a work in progress, and gaps in standards, training and security best practices need to be remediated, according to the OIG.
In other words, NASA's approach to the security of interconnected control systems is "reflecting society at large," according to the report.
The details in the report show that NASA is suffering some of the same coordination problems and unintended side effects that have cropped up at companies and agencies mixing their manual operational technology for infrastructure systems with IT systems.
According to the OIG, 65 percent of the agency's critical infrastructure -- including environmental monitoring and control systems that control heating, cooling, ventilation, power, rocket propulsion testing systems, spacecraft and aircraft command and control systems -- are managed and supported by OT, or hybrid OT/IT systems.
Knowing which IT systems incorporate OT components is especially critical for NASA, it said, because applying traditional IT security practices to OT systems can cause underlying systems to malfunction.
NASA maintains a cybersecurity database to track traditional enterprise IT systems, but only a fraction of OT assets are identified in it. Of 397 systems listed in the database, 32 reported having OT components, the OIG said.
According to the report, even though OT is critical to its operations and has a "significant presence across the agency," NASA hasn't defined OT adequately, developed a centralized inventory of OT systems or established a standard protocol to protect systems that contain OT components.
In addition to the oven fire, the IG described two other unfortunate incidents at the agency involving interconnected OT systems and the unintended consequences of those interconnections.
Vulnerability scanning used to identify software flaws caused physical equipment to fail. That failure resulted in a communications blackout with an Earth science spacecraft during an orbital pass. As a result, the pass was rendered unusable and data could not be collected until the next pass.
Another incident involved a computer problem in a climate system in which a safety feature was disabled, causing the heat in a data center to jump 50 degrees in minutes, resulting in a shutdown of the center.
The report's list of NASA's OT shortcomings is probably familiar to IT managers at large organizations working to get a handle on the increasing number of internet-connected, or interconnected, devices and systems that were previously manually operated.
The list includes a lack of comprehensive best practices for OT, limited awareness of OT across the agency, policies that don't distinguish OT from IT and no training focused on protecting OT systems.
"As a result, NASA is not well-positioned to meet the security demands of an evolving OT environment and is assuming unnecessary risk for critical agency systems and facilities with OT components," it said.
Additionally, according to the OIG, the agency hasn't coordinated its physical security with the cybersecurity of its critical infrastructure with either agency stakeholders or with its Office of Strategic Infrastructure.
That "disjointed approach," it said, has led to duplicated effort and gaps in security plans.
The agency, according to the report, is taking steps to solve its issues, however.
When the OIG performed its audit of the systems, it noted that NASA was working with the Department of Homeland Security's Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation program contractor Booz Allen Hamilton to integrate information security tools for initial deployment.
Ultimately, said the report, CDM's success will depend on increased collaboration among NASA mission directorates, the Office of the CIO, Office of Protective Service and Office of Strategic Infrastructure to accurately identify critical assets and improve the security.
NASA mostly agreed with the IG recommendations, but said it has its own plans to put them into practice.
In reply comments, NASA outlined plans to establish an Industrial Control System Working Group led by NASA's Enterprise Protection Program, with representation from relevant agency components, to inventory area of technological interdependency and to come up with a set of practices to guard against problems like those described in the IG report.
Additionally, NASA will define and segment operational technology and industrial control systems from agency IT.
NASA expects improvements to be in place by Oct. 1, 2018.
A natural ally against global warming may provide far less aid than previously hoped.
Researchers estimate that the planet's soils will soak up about 40 percent less carbon by the end of the century than environmental simulations have predicted. That means the atmosphere in 2100 would hold an extra 4 ½ years' worth of carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel burning at current rates, the researchers report in the Sept. 23 Science.
“Future climate change may be underestimated,” says study coauthor Yujie He, a carbon cycle researcher at the University of California, Irvine. “Whatever mitigation we should do, we should do it faster.”
Soils are the largest land-based reservoir of organic carbon on the planet, storing around 1,500 billion metric tons of organic carbon — about twice the amount of carbon in the atmosphere. When a
Ukrainian Armed Forces: Separatists continue attacking demarcation line Monday, July 4, 2016 11:33:00 AM
As of the 3rd of July, the Press Center of the Ukrainian Armed Forces reported 22 cases of ceasefire violations by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine. According to the report, the separatists continue to shell along the demarcation line.
“Russian occupation troops used 122-mm artillery to carry out attacks towards the direction of Mariupol, and against our strongholds in Lebedinske and Talakivka. This type of artillery is prohibited under the Minsk Agreements. The town of Marinka also came under fire from 82-mm caliber mortars,” the report stated.
According to the report, the separatists used heavy weapons, which are also prohibited under the Minsk Agreements, to carry out attacks in the direction of Donetsk. “The enemy hit our fortifications in Nevelske, Mayorsk and Novogradske using 120-mm mortars. The Russian occupants also used heavy machine guns and grenade launchers to attack the defenders of Avdiivka. In addition, enemy snipers fired at our soldiers,” the report stated.
Ukraine has recorded violations of the “silence regime” by the pro-Russian separatists in the Luhansk region. “In Luhansk the enemy used heavy machine guns, grenade launchers and small firearms to attack areas near Novoaleksandrivka and Novotoshkivske,” the Ukrainian Armed Forces said.
On Sunday evening, the so-called Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) accused the Armed Forces of Ukraine of being responsible for 400 attacks in separatist-controlled Donetsk. The DPR also questioned Ukraine's alleged transfer of heavy equipment closer to the boundary line as this is prohibited by the Minsk Agreements.
The so-called Lugansk People's Republic (LPR) also reported 19 cases of shelling by the Ukrainian military.
Share
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
CHARSADDA: A suspected militant was killed when he blew up his suicide vest in a mosque, leaving four people injured on Friday night, police said.
SHO Shabqadar Waliat Shah said that acting on information about the presence of a suspect in Saro Klay police cordoned off the area. When police spotted the suspect and tried to capture him he ran into the mosque where Isha prayer was in progress and blew himself up, he added.
The SHO said the man was later identified as Qari Naeem, the prayer leader at the mosque.
The injured were identified as Saad Fazal Rahim, who was leading the prayer at the time of the blast, Ihsan, Subhanullah and Zabihullah. They were taken to the district headquarters hospital.
A case has been registered and investigation is in progress.
Published in Dawn, May 23rd, 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
On what he'd like to see out of the last game of a long road trip:
Try and finish the way we started. A little bump in the middle. Played good, and you're going to look at it at the end of the trip, not any other way. You've got to take it a game at a time, always, and see how you match up and see how you play.
On how not playing into the spring has affected the team this season:
Well, we're used to playing in the spring. There's not much other way around it. What has got overlooked a little bit around the league and certainly by our team last year is you've got to make the playoffs before you can play in the spring, and how difficult it is. Last year wasn't really an off year for our team. We had the same record as when we won the first cup. Just now with the division and with the way the games are set up, the alignment is not proper. If you look at it now, we're playing our 32nd game. So you play 29 games in your division. We've only played eight, so it really doesn't add up the way it all adds up. There's nothing we can do about it in terms of the balance.
On whether the Kings are “fresher” having had a longer off-season:
Well, they looked tired today. We're a younger team. Last year I remember coming to Toronto, and you couldn't ask any more of our team last year. It was just an older team, and you could see there was not much gas in the tank.
On roster turnover on defense and older veterans giving way to younger players:
I think that started after the first Cup, the changes then. If you look at our defense, a big change. Big change. Ehrhoff plays teen-minutes, but Marty's our next oldest guy and plays 20-something minutes, so it's a total change of our back end, basically.
On whether Trevor Lewis will play tonight:
You know what, I haven't even talked to him. … I mean, obviously, we've got to activate him first, so I'll talk to him.
On Michael Mersch's power play screen in Montreal, and his usage:
I think that's his game, is down low to tops of the circles, is what his game is. Just trying to give guys opportunities on the trip. It's no more than that. If they're having a good game, kids like that, get him out there for part of the power play is good for ‘em.
On how Mike Babcock's influence has impacted the Maple Leafs:
Work ethic, play as a team. I know the way it works. It reminds me of when I went to San Jose, very same. They started the year here, what, 1-7-2? So, everybody's going, ‘Oh, gee.' Now in their last 20 they're 9-6-5 and then in their last four, they've scored what, 14 goals? It's going in the right direction, and it's not just the influence of one person. I know that from being in that situation, too. It's got to do with veteran leadership in your locker room, and organization.
New Zealand spies teamed with National Security Agency hackers to break into a data link in the country's largest city, Auckland, as part of a secret plan to eavesdrop on Chinese diplomats, documents reveal.
The covert operation, reported Saturday by New Zealand's Herald on Sunday in collaboration with The Intercept, highlights the contrast between New Zealand's public and secret approaches to its relationship with China, its largest and most important trading partner.
The hacking project suggests that New Zealand's electronic surveillance agency, Government Communications Security Bureau, or GCSB, may have violated international treaties that prohibit the interception of diplomatic communications.
New Zealand has signed both the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, international treaties that protect the “inviolability” of diplomatic correspondance. The country's prime minister, John Key, said in a recent speech on security that New Zealand had an obligation to support the rule of law internationally, and was “known for its integrity, reliability and independence.”
Last year, Key said that New Zealand's relationship with China, worth an estimated $15 billion in annual two-way trade, had “never been stronger.” The relationship was not just about “purely trading,” he said. “It is so much broader and much deeper than that.”
In 2013, Key described a meeting with top Chinese officials in Beijing as “extremely warm” and told of how he was viewed as a “real friend” by the country's premier, Li Keqiang.
At the same time, as minister in charge of the GCSB, Key was overseeing spying against China — which included the top-secret planned operation in Auckland, aimed at the Chinese consulate.
The hacking project is outlined in documents obtained by The Intercept from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden.
A secret report called “NSA activities in progress 2013,” includes an item titled “New Zealand: Joint effort to exploit Chinese MFA [Ministry of Foreign Affairs] link.” The operation, according to another NSA document, had “identified an MFA data link between the Chinese consulate and Chinese Visa Office in Auckland,” two buildings about a five-minute walk apart on the city's busy Great South Road.
The document added that the New Zealand agency was “providing additional technical data” on the data link to the NSA's Tailored Access Operations, a powerful unit that hacks into computer systems and networks to intercept communications. The agencies had “verbally agreed to move forward with a cooperative passive and active effort against this link,” it said.
Passive surveillance refers to a method of eavesdropping on communications that intercepts them as they are flowing over Internet cables, between satellites, or across phone networks. Active surveillance is a more aggressive tactic that involves hacking into computers; in the case of the Auckland operation, active surveillance could have involved planting spyware in the Chinese government computers or routers connected via the consulate data link.
The documents do not reveal whether the operation was successfully completed, due to the timeframe that the records cover. In May 2013, Snowden left his Hawaii-based intelligence job and flew to Hong Kong carrying the cache of secret files. In April 2013, shortly before Snowden's departure, “formal coordination” on the hacking plan had begun between the NSA and its New Zealand counterpart, according to the documents.
More New Zealand operations targeting China appear to have been ongoing at that time. In another April 2013 NSA document describing the agency's relationship with New Zealand spies, under the heading “What partner provides to NSA,” the first item on the list is “collection on China.” New Zealand's GCSB surveillance agency “continues to be especially helpful in its ability to provide NSA ready access to areas and countries that are difficult for the United States to access,” the report said.
China intelligence is handled inside the New Zealand agency by a special section that focuses on economic analysis. According to sources with knowledge of the agency's operations, its economic section, known as the “IBE,” specialized in Japanese diplomatic communications from 1981 until the late 2000s. In recent years its focus has shifted to intercepted Chinese communications, the sources say.
In response to the revelations, a spokesperson for the Chinese Embassy in New Zealand told the Herald on Sunday that the country was “concerned” about the spying. “We attach great importance to the cybersecurity issue,” the spokesperson said, adding that “China proposes to settle disputes through dialogue and formulate codes to regulate cyberspace behaviors that are acceptable to all sides.”
China itself is known to be a major perpetrator of espionage on the global stage, and it has been repeatedly accused by the U.S. government of hacking into American computer networks. Last year, China was linked to an apparent intelligence-gathering hack on a powerful New Zealand supercomputer used to conduct weather and climate research.
But the Snowden documents have shown that countries in the so-called “Five Eyes” surveillance alliance — which includes New Zealand, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia — are also heavily involved in conducting aggressive spying and hacking operations across the world.
Previous revelations have detailed how agencies in the alliance have hacked law–abiding companies, foreign government computers, and designed technology to attack and destroy infrastructure using cyberwar techniques. Last year, The Intercept revealed how the NSA had developed the capability to deploy millions of malware “implants” to infect computers and steal data on a large scale.
The NSA, the GCSB and the New Zealand prime minister's office each declined to answer questions about this story.
GCSB's acting director, Una Jagose, said in an emailed statement that the agency “exists to protect New Zealand and New Zealanders.” She added: “We have a foreign intelligence mandate. We don't comment on speculation about matters that may or may not be operational. Everything we do is explicitly authorised and subject to independent oversight.”
Photo of New Zealand prime minister John Key, left, and Chinese premier Li Keqiang in Beijing, March 2014. (Feng Li/AP)
Trump versus the press: Canadian deja-vu
At the 2009 Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago, I recall a strong feeling of shame as I waited for then-Prime minister Stephen Harper and former President Barack Obama to emerge from a meeting.
I was the designated pool reporter with The Canadian Press, killing time with my Associated Press counterpart. I sheepishly admitted that reporters were forbidden from asking the prime minister an unscheduled question at an official event — on pain of being barred from future events.
“Why the hell would you put up with that?” was the general reaction from my American colleague, suggesting that the Washington press corps would never accept such restrictions on speech.
When the two men walked past us, I shot a question at Obama rather than my own prime minister, which the president answered.
Six years, one prime minister and a president later, it seems American journalists will be asked to put up with a lot of things.
It's not an overstatement to say the first few months of the Harper administration in 2006 were traumatic for the press gallery.
Scholars Jay Blumler and Michael Gurevitch talk about the “role relationship” between the media and government, and the traditional expectations of behavior each side has of the other. Periods of adversarialism and outrage arise when the role expectations are dashed.
In Ottawa, journalists went from weekly access to cabinet ministers, unfettered “scrums” of leading parliamentarians and frequent background briefings to nearly nothing. The flow of information was throttled. On one trip to Vietnam, we turned to Chinese officials for information about a meeting between their president and our own prime minister.
In his nearly decade in power, Harper only used the National Press Theatre (the equivalent to the White House briefing room), seven times — and none between 2010-15. Harper's people also thwarted the “first-come-first-served” tradition for reporters posing questions, instead requiring journalists to submit names in advance. This allowed Harper's office to pick who addressed him.
One image — that of the prime minister's staff erecting stanchions on the tundra to keep a handful of journalists away from him — summed up the attitude towards reporters quite well.
And then there was the odious ban on questions at photo ops. Reporters were threatened with being banned from future events if they dared to shoot a question at the prime minister at activities designated as “photo opportunities.” At one point, Harper's office attempted to bar a TV cameraman from traveling with the prime minister overseas because he had dared ask a question at a previous event. They blinked when the TV network threatened not to go at all.
So, what was the impact of this, over nearly 10 years?
The bad news first.
The constant hostility towards the media was a morale killer. Sure, you sign up for a healthy amount of confrontation as a political reporter — and even relish it sometimes — but you get weary of fighting for even small bits of information.
Without access, journalists become more suspicious, less trusting overall of the meager information that does come out. Every little misstep of the politician in power becomes amplified. Gotcha journalism comes with this territory.
Reporting becomes much more black and white, in a world that desperately needs more nuance. The damage that was done to the division of public and partisan inside the Canadian government will probably never be undone. We will never get back the era where bureaucrats will have unscripted conversations on the phone or quickly send along basic information without having it dressed up in talking points first.
With a prime minister who had such antipathy towards journalists and their profession, no serious policy discussions took place over a decade about the withering away of the industry and the impact that would have on a sense of common purpose and national identity in the long term.
The good news is that national reporters arguably became much more skilled over the Harper years.
With so few scheduled opportunities to talk to Harper and his ministers, members of the national media became experts in dealing with documents, either public ones or through access to information (our version of freedom of information). Media requests for records went up 210 percent between 2003 and 2013.
Montreal's La Presse newspaper hired a person at the capital whose job was to file document requests. Reporters turned increasingly to other sources, the kind that the administration couldn't control — lobbyists, academics, foreign governments, provincial governments and so on.
In that way, the conservatives deeply misunderstood what makes journalists tick. Journalists like things that are new, they're deeply curious, they like to poke around in dark corners, they like to challenge authority and they really like a scoop.
If you don't give them a news conference, they'll find something else to do. Chances are, the politicians won't like the result very much. One of the contributing factors to the decline of the conservative government was a spending scandal uncovered by enterprising journalists.
Reflecting on our experience here in Canada, it would have been good for the major news organizations to collectively explain to the public, perhaps through a national advertising blitz, why independent and well-funded journalism is critical to democracy.
And the news media could have been more courageous about skipping the leader's agenda from time to time. If there isn't going to be any access, why bother going on that trip overseas? Scarce journalistic resources can be used elsewhere, as others have noted.
I always hoped the parliamentary press gallery would show more solidarity and reject edicts that limited journalists from asking questions in any context. There were a few walkouts and plenty of letters and meetings over the years.
And yet, as soon as one or two media outlets show a willingness to bend their principles, it's very difficult for the others to reconcile themselves with any perceived competitive disadvantage. This was true even here, where the press gallery has the advantage of being an autonomous organization that controls its membership and thus access to the parliamentary precinct and the National Press Theatre.
The far more realistic and effective long-term strategy is to keep the quality of the journalism strong, with the public interest the driving force behind the work. Wobbly ethics and accuracy only hands the government more ammunition, allowing his or her team to dismiss the serious questions raised by journalists.
I worked for an organization that stood its ground on most principles — The Canadian Press would not agree to have its reporters submit to a government-vetted list of questioners during news conferences. It would not agree to restrictions during interviews, either on the nature of questions or who the questioner would be. Harper did not agree to an interview with the nearly 100-year-old national wire service for eight years. The Canadian Press focused on investigations and in-depth reporting in the meantime and kept its integrity intact.
In the spirit of solidarity with American colleagues, let me offer this French expression — il ne faut pas baisser les bras — don't let up. You were there before he arrived, and you'll be thereafter, too.
Jennifer Ditchburn is the editor-in-chief of Policy Options, a digital magazine published by the Institute for Research on Public Policy. For two decades, she covered Parliament Hill for The Canadian Press and for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC). She is the co-editor of The Harper Factor: Assessing a Prime Minister's Policy Legacy.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
Here are 20 things people over 20 should stop doing. And believe me, I've been guilty of most of them.
1. Playing video games instead of looking for a job.
Video games can be extremely fun, but those games can sure take up a lot of valuable time that could be spent on more important areas of life. There is nothing wrong with playing them, as long as you balance the time needed for school, work, and other important aspects of life.
2. Spending money you don't have.
Credit cards may seem like an easy way to pay for things you really want, but in the long run they could really hurt you if not properly used. Stick to cash, debit, or checks. This may seem old-school, but they will definitely help you manage your money.
3. Using the term “YOLO.”
Simple. Please stop using it.
4. Only going to church to find a relationship.
Not only will you hurt yourself in the long run, but you are also selfishly taking time away from a man or woman who is seeking after God's wisdom and guidance. You can definitely find a great relationship at church, but don't make that your only reason for attending.
5. Citing “-Google” on a college paper or work presentation.
It's not a valid citation, and it could get you in some trouble.
6. Thinking you know it all.
Nobody want's to spend time around a know-it-all. Walk in a posture of learning, and embrace every opportunity to gain new knowledge and wisdom.
7. Dating with no vision.
You're confusing your heart, and you're hurting the hearts of others.
8. Demanding respect before you've earned it.
Don't get prideful. Learn to scrub the floors before you ask to manage the building. Don't let self entitlement get the best of you.
9. Waiting until the last minute to do things.
Stop procrastinating! Teach yourself diligence in all circumstances. Not only will this help you in your day-to-day life, but it will always help you set yourself up for the future.
10. Getting in arguments over social media.
Nobody wants to see your drama on their news feed. Keep it to yourself and the people involved. Handle each situation in a mature and honorable manner.
11. Blaming others for your own mistakes
Drop your pride. Accept your failures. Learn from your mistakes. You will learn a lot from the process.
12. Relying on your mother and father to constantly bail you out of trouble.
Learn to take care of yourself instead of always relying on your mother and father. They aren't always going to be around to help you.
13. Calling off work for no reason.
You aren't doing anyone a favor by calling off. Learn to be responsible, and value that job someone else in the world wishes they had.
14. Ignoring wisdom from people who are older than you.
You don't know everything. Take time to learn from people who having been living longer than you.
15. Thinking minimum wage is worse than no job at all.
Don't believe the lie that money is everything. Any job is a good start. Give your full attention to any job, no matter the pay.
16. Pretending like you didn't know any better.
Purposeful ignorance will only get you so far. Own up to your mistakes and take each failure as an opportunity to learn.
17. Using the excuse, “I'm too young.”
You're never too young. There is always room for you to succeed when hope is on your side. Have faith in yourself and the gifts God has given you.
18. Living in the moment, and not planning for the future.
Be diligent, and plan for the future. Give yourself some goals, dreams, and future aspirations. Give yourself something to wake up for in the morning.
19. Giving up before you start. Stop making excuses!
Excuses won't get you anywhere! Better to try and fail than to regret never trying at all. At least you will learn something.
20. Being Passive.
If you don't stand for something, you'll eventually fall for anything.
No one is perfect, and these points are all things I myself have once struggled with or been witness of.
—Jarrid Wilson
___
What else should people over 20 stops doing? Leave a comment below!
After bowing out of the MLS Cup playoffs in the knockout round, the Revolution head into the off-season with more questions than answers. Come January, the club will look to answer some of these questions during the 2016 MLS SuperDraft, where it holds one pick in each of the first three rounds: 10th overall, 30th overall and 51st overall.
We take a way-too-early look at the draft board—and provide a little optimism ahead of the 2015 off-season. Whose name might the Revs call on draft day?
1. Jonathan Campbell, Defender, North Carolina
Accolades: Capital One Academic All-America First Team (2014), Second Team All-ACC (2013), All-South Region Third Team (2013)
After A.J. Soares elected to test his luck in Europe, Jay Heaps slotted former No. 1 pick Andrew Farrell into the center back spot. Heaps struggled to find a replacement for Farrell, however, cycling through a host of defenders: Darrius Barnes, Kevin Alston, London Woodberry, Jeremy Hall. Ahead of the 2016 season, the Revs need an MLS-ready defender—and Campbell just about fits the bill. The North Carolina native joined the Sounders U23 squad this summer and drew praise from scouts, who recognized his athleticism, strength and skill over the ball. A natural center back, Campbell would allow Farrell to move back into the right-back spot, should Heaps be willing to re-convert the converted outside back.
2. Brandon Vincent, Defender, Stanford
Accolades: MAC Hermann Trophy Watch List (2015), NSCAA/Continental Tire First Team All-American (2014), Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year (2014)
Vincent, a surefire first-round pick, offers the versatility to play centrally or on the left side. The California native anchored Stanford's back line as a freshman center back in 2012 and 2013 before switching to left back in 2014, where he developed into one of the top defenders in college soccer. Scouts have complimented his 1v1 defending, decision making and finishing ability (the left back has scored four goals thus far in 2015). Assuming Chris Tierney returns to the Revs in 2016, Vincent, a left-footed player, would likely play center back in Jay Heaps' system, again pushing Farrell out wide.
3. Patrick Hodan, Midfielder, Notre Dame
Accolades: MAC Hermann Trophy Watch List (2015), ACC Offensive Player of the Year (2014), Capital One Academic All-America First Team (2014)
Sometimes, you just have to pick the best player on the board. If Hodan happens to slip to number ten, the Revs could be enticed to opt for talent instead of need. Of course, if one (or several) of the club's attacking midfielders does not return in 2016, Hodan could easily fall into the "need" category. He offers the versatility to tuck underneath the target striker or play out wide, and, with 29 career goals and 18 career assists, has shown the ability to both score and create. Scouts have marveled at his growth during each of his collegiate seasons—meaning he seems far from his professional ceiling.
4. Neco Brett, Forward, Robert Morris
Accolades: MAC Hermann Trophy Watch List (2015), NSCAA All-Northeast Region First Team (2014), Northeast Conference Player of the Year (2014)
During his sophomore and junior seasons at Robert Morris, Brett scored 29 goals in 39 appearances. His pace seemed unsustainable. But in 16 matches this season, the Jamaican forward has scored 12 goals and contributed five assists, flashing top-tier speed and a consistent finishing ability. While the Revs don't necessarily need a forward—at least not at the moment—the opportunity to have Brett mature under Juan Agudelo and Charlie Davies presents obvious upside. Plus, this team could use a burner off the bench.
5. Zach Carroll, Defender, Michigan State
Accolades: Second-Team NSCAA All-Region (2014), ACC All-Tournament Team (2013), Starting center back at the U-17 World Cup (2011)
Though lacking some of the physical traits MLS scouts seek in a defender, Carroll could become a value pick in the latter stages of the draft. He started 22 matches at center back with Virgina (2012-2013)—recovering from an injury to guide the Cavaliers to the NCAA College Cup Semifinals—before transferring to Michigan State ahead of the 2014 season. Carroll hit the ground running with MSU, starting all 23 matches while showing strength over the ball, a nose for the goal and a knack for arriving on the end of set pieces. He doesn't appear as MLS-ready as the other defenders on our list, but has the potential to develop into a weekly contributor.
6. Joshua Yaro, Defender, Georgetown
Accolades: MAC Hermann Trophy Watch List (2015), MAC Hermann Trophy Semifinalist (2014), TopDrawerSoccer.com Player of the Year (2014)
Yaro will enter the 2016 SuperDraft as the most talented player on the board. The Revolution would need to move up in the draft to snag him (as they did with Andrew Farrell in 2013), though his skillset undeniably fits Heaps' system. According to scouts, he closes gaps quicker than any defender in college soccer, rarely makes mistakes and plays bigger than his 5-11 frame. And, to sweeten the deal, Yaro enters the draft as one of the most versatile players available, with the ability to feature as a center back, outside back or holding midfielder. Lose Jermaine Jones, and plug him into the midfield; slot Farrell wide, and drop him in front of Shuttleworth. Regardless of where he plays, Yaro would likely join the Starting XI on day one.
The 2016 MLS SuperDraft will be held January 14–16, 2016 in Baltimore, Md.
Follow @TheBentMusket
1 of 6 View Captions
Mark Havnes | The Salt Lake Tribune A petroglyph is chisled into archaeological site where scientists uncovered different periods Mark Havnes | The Salt Lake Tribune An example of some of the projectile points, on display at the Slot Canyons Inn, recovered fro Mark Havnes | The Salt Lake Tribune Pioneer autograph of Mary Alvey and image of American Indian on a horse are examples of histor Mark Havnes | The Salt Lake Tribune This replica of a Piute figurine found at the North Creek site is on display at the Slot Can BYU grad students Brad Newbold and Mark Bodily work in the North Creek Shelter Excavation in Escalante Valley in 2006. Courtesy BY BYU graduate student Brad Newbold works in the North Creek Shelter Excavation in Escalante Valley in 2006. Courtesy of BYU
What is the meaning of the 12 and 7 baskets left over from Christ's feeding of 5000 and 4000 in the Gospels? The Evangelists often omit details but they always specify the numbers in these episodes. Christ Himself asks them plainly:
“When I broke the five loaves for the five thousand, how many baskets full of broken pieces did you take up?” They said to him, “Twelve.” “And the seven for the four thousand, how many baskets full of broken pieces did you take up?” And they said to him, “Seven.” 21 And he said to them, “Do you not yet understand?” (St Mark 8:19-21)
Clearly Christ expects His apostles and us by extension to make an [obvious] conclusion about these numbers. But most of us cannot make a conclusion…because we do not know the Old Testament Scriptures!
Here are the numeric equations:
Feeds 5000 with
5 loaves
12 baskets left over
Feeds 4000 with
7 loaves
7 baskets left over
The interpretive key or secret here is the preceding story of Christ referring to “bread” being reserved only to the children of Israel (St Mark 7:24-30). The Gentile Syro-Phoenician woman then says, “Yes Lord, but even the dogs under the table eat the crumbs of the children.” Christ loves her answer! He just wanted someone to “get this.” The Apostles did not, but she did.
So this whole business about bread and baskets left over refers to bread for the nation of Israel and then bread for the Gentiles in their midst.
The first number is something God/Christ takes and the result is something yielded from the number. It's easier if we work backward:
The number 12 almost always refers to the 12 tribes of Israel. It is the national number of the People of God.
The number 7 can refer to the Sabbath (seventh day), holiness, or completion. It's also the number of the universe since the 7th day brought completion and peace to the creative act of God. The number 70 (7×10=70) is often used by Jews to describe the universal (Catholic) fulness of the Gentiles. Given the presence of the Syro-Phoenician woman, the number 7 here represents the seven Gentile nations that occupied the Promised Land during the time of Moses (see Deuteronomy 7:1 for the list). The Promised Land was occupied by the 12 Tribes of Israel and the competing 7 Nations of the Gentiles.
Here's how it signifies redemptive history:
Old Covenant: Christ first feeds people and yields the 12 baskets. This is God first establishing the People of Israel (12 tribes) in the Old Testament.
Christ first feeds people and yields the 12 baskets. This is God first establishing the People of Israel (12 tribes) in the Old Testament. New Covenant: Christ thereafter (literally “after three days” see Mark 8:2) feeds people and yields the 7 baskets. This is God next establishing the Catholic Church – the fulness of the Gentiles (7 nations) in covenant with God.
So that's how it works out. Christ is prompting His apostles to “get it” and see that the Gentiles are going to be brought into the basket “after three days” (Mark 8:2). My guess is that Saint Paul is later placed “in a basket” because He is the designated Apostle to the Gentiles.
God is amazing!
All this proves that you cannot really understand Christ and the New Testament unless you are deep into the Old Testament.
If you'd like to study Catholic theology with my online and earn a Certificate, please check out my New Saint Thomas Institute.
Please share this on Facebook.
Pentagon officials traveled last week to Fort Leavenworth in Kansas, home to the military's only domestic maximum-security prison, to evaluate it as a potential alternative to the detention facility at Guantánamo Bay, a Defense Department spokesman said Monday.
The Naval Consolidated Brig in Charleston, S.C., is the only other military base department officials are considering as they prepare to send Congress a detailed proposal to shutter Guantánamo, which the Obama administration has tried and failed to close since 2009. Non-military sites are also in play, but spokesman Navy Capt. Jeff Davis declined to provide specific locations.
The backlash from elected officials has been fierce as lawmakers jockey to keep detainees out of their states and districts.
Already, Kansas Republican Sen. Pat Roberts has threatened to hold up the nomination for the next Army secretary if the administration moves forward with any plans to move the detainees to Leavenworth. In 2009, Roberts held up the nomination of outgoing Army Secretary John M. McHugh amid similar concerns.
In an Aug. 14 letter to Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter, Roberts stressed that Kansas in general – and Leavenworth, in particular – are not ideal for a domestic detention facility.
“Fort Leavenworth is neither the ideal nor right location for moving Guantánamo detainees,” Roberts wrote to Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter. “The installation lies right on the Missouri River, providing terrorists with the possibility of covert travel underwater and attempting access to the detention facility.”
Additionally, Roberts wrote, the base's boundary line runs parallel to a public railroad.
“Because of these impediments, I expect your staff will find Fort Leavenworth unfeasible for housing Guantanamo terrorists,” he added.
The prison at Leavenworth, from which no one has ever escaped, has long been viewed as a potential site for the detainees. But after the administration nixed an Illinois site from its short list, political efforts to keep detainees out of Kansas have only ramped up.
The area has long been accustomed to holding serious offenders. In addition to the maximum-security military prison, the Leavenworth area also includes a state correctional facility and a medium-security federal prison, making prisons an important industry.
Nonetheless, Kansas Republican Rep. Lynn Jenkins, whose district includes Leavenworth, called any plans to relocate the detainees to the United States a “reckless proposal.”
“I will continue my work to keep these terrorists from being transferred to Fort Leavenworth or anywhere in the United States,” she said in a Friday statement.
Pentagon officials will travel next week to Charleston, where they will face similar political hurdles. South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham has already blasted efforts to put the detainees at the Brig, arguing in a statement last week to the Washington Post that the area is too heavily populated for such a dangerous mission.
Congress has used the annual defense authorization and appropriations bills to block not only Guantanamo's closure but also the construction of any facility within the United States to house the detainees.
The White House, however, has a rare – if still long – shot at selling Congress on closing the detention center. The Senate's version of the fiscal 2016 defense authorization bill (S 1376) requires the administration to submit a plan, subject to congressional approval, for transferring the remaining prisoners at the facility to a maximum security prison within the United States.
Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz., has said he would endorse the plan, and try to sell it to his colleagues, if he considers it credible. It must, for instance, include transferring the prisoners to a secure facility run by the Defense Department.
Under McCain's proposal, Guantánamo would close if Congress approves the plan. But if lawmakers reject the administration's proposal, the existing ban on domestic transfers would stay in place and heightened standards in the bill for foreign transfers would remain.
It's not yet clear whether House and Senate negotiators on the sprawling defense bill will sign off on McCain's language when they return to Washington next month.
The House-passed bill (HR 1735) does not contain a similar provision and includes more restrictive language on Guantánamo than the Senate measure.
In response to complaints about the quality of Duke's toilet paper, the University is switching to a two-ply model.
The era of one-ply toilet paper in Duke restrooms is coming to the end of its roll.
Duke is scheduled to begin switching out toilet paper products during Spring break, said Albert Scott, director of grounds, housekeeping, sanitation and recycling services. The University will finish the rest of its stockpile of one-ply paper and then replace it with a softer two-ply product. Numerous student have complained about the quality of the paper Duke currently uses, Scott noted.
“The move is being made because the current tissue is one-ply tissue,” Scott said. “Really, with the one-ply tissue, most people would have to double that up in order to use it.”
In addition to cost, a number of factors are taken into account when determining which toilet paper to purchase, Scott said. Chief among them are quality of texture and softness of the paper. Environmentally friendly products are also given preference.
Duke currently purchases its toilet paper from Brame Specialty Company Inc. and Diamond Paper Company, both of which are in the same price range as most other comparable brands, Scott said.
Scott said he had no explanation for why one-ply paper was being used and acknowledged the need for a change.
“I just know, where I came from, we would never consider one-ply tissue,” Scott said. “In terms of texture and in terms of feel and in terms of usability, very few people use one-ply tissue.”
Several students noted their dissatisfaction with the toilet paper currently used.
“[The toilet paper] gives more than it takes,” freshman Ethan Chang said.
Other students noted that the comfort of the toilet paper should not be the only variable involved.
“I would like my toilet paper to be of good quality,” junior Joi McLaughlin said. “I approve of them trying to fix the problem as long as it's good for the environment and not harmful in any other way.”
Still, some students have not noticed any problems with the current one-ply paper.
“I don't think it's that bad,” freshman William Kim said. “Sometimes [Housing, Dining and Residence Life] is not good at replacing toilet paper. But… I don't find any difficulties using it. I think it's fine.”
Scott says housekeeping is doing its best to replace all one-ply toilet paper as soon as possible.
“Students—and everyone—really deserve a quality tissue,” Scott said. “I wish I could change it out a lot quicker.”
Arsenal midfielder has not told anyone about the energy company for years
Mathieu Flamini is renowned for the abundance of energy he gives to his Arsenal team on the pitch but for the past seven years he has been creating energy off the pitch... and hasn't told a soul.
When environmentally-concerned Flamini left Arsenal for AC Milan in 2008, after his first spell in North London, he and his economics graduate, business partner Pasquale Granata founded the company 'GF Biochemicals' in the hope of revolutionising the energy industry.
Since then the 31-year-old has spent millions in research, trials, infrastructure and employee fees but this week Flamini announced that GF (standing for Granata-Flamini) had become the first company on the planet to mass produce Levulinic Acid (LA), which is said to be able to replace oil in all its forms.
Mathieu Flamini (left) and his business partner Pasquale Granata (right) created GF Biochemicals in 2008
Flamini employs around 80 people at his plant and around 400 workers make a living thanks to his company
Frenchman Flamini is renowned for the abundance of energy he gives to his Arsenal team on the pitch
Speaking to the Sun, Flamini said: 'We are pioneers. We are opening a new market and it's a market potentially worth £20billion.'
LA could be used in the pharmaceutical, cosmetic, plastic and food industries, amongst others, and the Frenchman stands to make a lot of money, in spite of the millions he has spent on getting his factory in Caserta, Italy up to scratch.
Flamini employs roughly 80 people in the plant and around 400 workers make a living thanks to his and Granata's endeavours, something the Gunner is particularly proud of given Italy's current job crisis - Italian youth unemployment rose to its highest level ever this summer.
Talking about how his risky experiment came to be, Flamini added: 'At the start we wanted the name of the company to be Green Futures. When I moved to Milan in 2008 I met Pasquale, who became a close friend and we always had in mind to do something together.
'I was always close to nature and concerned about environmental issues, climate change and global warming; he was on the same wavelength. We were looking how we could make a contribution to the problem.
'After a while we found out about Levulinic Acid: it's a molecule identified by the US Department of Energy as one of the 12 molecules with the potential to replace petrol in all its forms. Researchers told us LA is the future and by doing research in that field we could come up with a great discovery and success.'
When environmentally-concerned Flamini left Arsenal for AC Milan in 2008, he founded GF Biochemicals
In addition to his plant and laboratory in Caserta, he also has an office in Milan and another in Geleen, Holland, with an office also in the pipeline for the United States.
That's not to mention researchers, chemist and other scientists from five European countries, as well as Egypt.
And remarkably the combative midfielder - who has had a 12-year senior football career - has not mentioned his ventures to anyone for seven years, including his family, with his parents totally unaware until a year ago.
Flamini's old Milan team-mates are sure to have found out about GF at his 'Making Levulinic Acid Happen' launch in Italy this week, with Arsene Wenger and his Arsenal team-mates only likely to be made aware on Saturday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption James Reynolds reports on the video released by police
Anti-mafia police have released unprecedented footage of an initiation ritual filmed as part of an inquiry into the 'Ndrangheta crime syndicate.
Some 40 suspects were arrested as the authorities targeted mafia cells in northern Italy.
Three groups were under investigation, based north of Milan, in the provinces of Como and Lecco in Lombardy region.
Most of the arrests were in northern Italy, but some of the men were detained in Sicily.
The 'Ndrangheta is based in Calabria, in the far south "toe-end" of Italy.
Italian media said the investigation had involved phone intercepts as well as secret filming and the three groups at the ceremony came from small villages in Como and Lecco.
Mafia initiation rite - by James Reynolds, BBC News, Rome
The grainy pictures, filmed from a distance by a hidden police camera, show for the first time an initiation ceremony into the southern Italian mafia known as the 'Ndrangheta.
"Holy afternoon greetings to the devotees," says a man in a baseball cap to three men huddled around him on a terrace.
Image caption In the grainy footage, a new member is asked to swear to protect the honour of his "wise brothers"
A new member is asked to swear to his family's seventh generation to protect the honour of his wise brothers. Then the initiator gives him some rather forceful instructions.
"If you are careless," he warns, "there is a cyanide pill." Either this, or ensure you always leave one round in your gun for yourself, he adds.
The initiator ends with a final request: "If anyone asks you where you're from, you must answer: 'My father is the sun, my mother is the moon.'"
Answers that may not be particularly helpful for the mafia members now facing years in prison.
During the meeting, those present organised their hierarchy and allotted roles to each other. One of those sworn in was 17 years of age, officials said.
Milan anti-mafia prosecutor Ilda Boccassini, who led the investigation, said the video showed how "the force of tradition" enabled the 'Ndrangheta to survive.
The 'Ndrangheta are known to have distinctive initiation rites and an elite membership known as "Santa".
Those arrested by a special police unit were being held on suspicion of belonging to the mafia and extortion, as well as carrying unlicensed guns.
The government's £500bn bank rescue plan is examined by the Guardian's business team, in a special edition of our daily audio show with Jon Dennis
The prime minister, Gordon Brown, and the chancellor, Alistair Darling, today unveiled the government's plans to stabilise the banking system. It involves providing £50bn of taxpayers' money as capital - that's £2,000 for each taxpayer. They also need enough cash to be able to operate day to day. A further £200bn is being made available through the special liquidity scheme. And another £250bn is set aside to underwrite lending between banks.
The chancellor has been keen to stress the difference between the UK plan and that of Hank Paulson, the US treasury secretary. Nils Pratley, the Guardian's financial editor, says that - as with the Paulson plan - there are details that need to be explained. And there is still no guarantee for our savings.
Brown said it would be comprehensive and far reaching. Will it be enough? Deborah Hargreaves, the Guardian's business editior, believes it may have a profound effect on the way we live for a generation.
With a £50bn hole in public finances, it won't be long before the chancellor either raises taxes or cuts public spending. But Aditya Chakrabortty, the Guardian's economics leader writer, explains the benefit to UK taxpayers from the scheme.
The most important question of the 2016 presidential campaign was asked by an Indian-American doctor and poet named Amit Majmudar in a Democratic forum on March 13. It was so important that the moderator, Jake Tapper, had Dr. Majmudar repeat it to both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. The doctor said his family was afraid of Donald Trump. "I am going to have one mission heading to the ballot box, which is to keep him out of office," he announced. "Leaving aside the negative rhetoric and attack ads, none of which have worked so far, can you share with us three specific points of your anti-Trump game plan?"
Sanders' response was very Bernie: Trump was a pathological liar and a billionaire. But Clinton's was borderline weird, and now that she has reinforced her status as the likely Democratic nominee, it bears some scrutiny. She began with the spurious argument that she'd received 600,000 more votes than Trump in the primaries. Then she tried the victim-martyr route: "The Republicans have been after me for 25 years," she said to applause from the faithful. "And there isn't anything they haven't already said about me. And in the course of dealing with all of this incoming fire from them, I have developed a pretty thick skin." Then she made an oblique threat: that there were other arguments against Trump — the product of opposition research, she implied — that she was holding in reserve. "I'm not going to spill the beans right now," she said.
Her final Trump card was foreign policy experience. She said that leaders of other countries had contacted her privately to say they hoped she'd win — an argument with less than zero impact on most American voters. She concluded, more relevantly, by contrasting her knowledge of the world with Trump's bombast and inexperience.
I called Dr. Majmudar the next day and asked if he was satisfied with the response. He wasn't. He said both Sanders and Clinton were "hewing to political techniques that have been ineffectual so far." He said the idea that you could "expose" Trump was futile: "He gets exposed every few days, and it hasn't worked so far." And Clinton's notion that the support of foreign leaders would help her was laughably naive because "Trump's basic appeal is nativist." The American people couldn't depend on inspired leadership, he concluded. "We're going to have to do it ourselves."
Clinton seems particularly ill-equipped for the task. She is our very own quinoa and kale salad, nutritious but bland. Worse, she's the human embodiment of the Establishment that Trump has been running against. "I am not a natural politician," she has admitted, and Tapper asked her what she means by that. She said she couldn't speak "in poetry" the way her husband and Barack Obama can. True dat, but poetry is only the beginning of Clinton's deficiencies. Indeed, her real problem is that she's too much of a politician. She still speaks like politicians did 20 years ago, when her husband was President. This year, the candidates who have seemed the most appealing — Trump, Sanders, John Kasich — don't use the oratorical switchbacks that have been beaten to death since John F. Kennedy: "We need a uniter, not a divider." They also, sadly, don't take carefully nuanced positions. Asked about fracking in her Flint, Mich., debate with Sanders, Clinton split hairs with a microlaser, leaving everyone confused. Sanders simply said, "I do not support fracking."
Clinton no doubt assumes that Trump will come after her personally — and that her thick skin will protect her. But here's an easy one: What if Trump raises her husband's "deplorable" — Sanders' description— exploitation of Monica Lewinsky directly in a debate? Will she have the jujitsu cool to respond, "Deplorable? Hell, yeah. That's why he slept on the couch for six months"?
There is an odd new law of U.S. politics: You can lie, as Trump does all the time, egregiously, but you can't temporize. You can't avoid a position on the XL pipeline or the Trans-Pacific trade deal, as Clinton tried to do in the campaign. You can't try to please too many people too much of the time. Raising your voice to make a point — which Clinton does all the time, disastrously, because it seems such a conscious act — won't get you anywhere unless you're really angry.
In the end, I'm not at all certain that Clinton can beat Trump. He is free-form and anarchic and silly and devastating. She is rote. The answer to Dr. Majmudar's question may involve a simplicity that eludes her. To beat Trump, she is going to have to be patient, dignified, self-deprecating, utterly factual and brutally honest (about herself). Poetry isn't going to work this year.
The Federal Government is considering additional downsizing at its military bases across the United States. One state lawmaker wants to create a paid position for someone to campaign for Missouri's military bases in Washington D.C.
State Representative Charlie Davis has filed legislation that sets up an office for a military advocate to travel to the Pentagon to work with the Army on behalf of Missouri.
“We need to have somebody that is boots on the ground, that can give the elected officials, as well as everybody else, the information needed to fight for the bases that we have in Missouri,” said Davis.
Missouri's top elected officials recently voiced their concerns against proposed cuts at the Fort Leonard Wood Army base in Waynesville. The Army is planning to cut up to 5,400 military and civilian jobs there by 2020. Davis said Waynesville has bonding issues in which three new schools were built to accommodate the military base and the cuts would have a serious economic impact on the community.
“You're talking about 60-percent of the Waynesville school district children will be pulled up and leave,” said Davis. “That is going to decimate that school district, and if we could have been stepping up to the plate earlier, maybe make some changes earlier, maybe those numbers would not be so drastic.”
The position holder would be appointed by the Governor and subject to Senate confirmation. Davis proposes paying the individual around $80-thousand a year because the job would require a lot of travel and the high pay incentive would get qualified candidates to apply. Davis said it would be a non-partisan position.
“We want to make sure that this person that is appointed to this position is unbiased as far as political party goes,” said Davis. “We want to make that they are doing specifically the job of advocating for our military and our military bases.”
Davis will present the bill before a House committee Wednesday.
Howard Stern Strikes Again : The Shock Jock's Second Book Shoots to the Top--and It's Even Raunchier Than the First
For the Record Los Angeles Times Wednesday November 22, 1995 Home Edition Life & Style Part E Page 5 View Desk 2 inches; 43 words Type of Material: Correction Howard Stern--The Dec. 1 book signing of "Miss America" by shock jock/author Howard Stern will be held at noon at Borders Books & Music, 1360 Westwood Boulevard, Los Angeles; (310) 475-3444. Because of incorrect information supplied to The Times, a story in Monday's Life & Style gave an incorrect location.
"He's the Colin Powell of cross dressers," says David Rosenthal, publisher of Villard Books, a division of the former general's publisher, Random House.
None of the above. If you want to talk really big box office, nobody does it better than the outrageous Howard Stern. Here it is, "Miss America" (ReganBooks), Stern's second book on his favorite subject--Stern--featuring the shock jock coyly posed in eyeliner and falsies on the cover. After one week on the shelves, it crash-landed at the top of the Wall Street Journal and New York Times bestseller lists; the book debuted at No. 2 in Los Angeles on Sunday.
Nay, Stern is no mere military man in a pushup bra. In his editor's eyes, he's the William Shakespeare of cross dressers.
"I really think 'Miss America' is a piece of literature," says Judith Regan, president and publisher of ReganBooks, a HarperCollins imprint. "I don't feel there's a big difference between what Howard Stern says and what Shakespeare says in terms of reflecting their times. In 200 years, when people are studying late 20th-Century thought, they will read Howard Stern's book to understand how debased the culture has become."
A historical perspective was probably not the hot selling point for the thousands of Stern fans who lined up on "Miss America's" maiden day in stores Nov. 7. They boosted sales at Barnes & Noble, the country's largest bookseller, to a record-setting 33,000. At Book Soup in West Hollywood, 500 books bit the dust by 9 a.m. ReganBooks has already printed 1.4 million copies.
Doubtless more alluring to his admirers is the fact that the adored and reviled Stern has "no lid on his id," as Regan puts it.
"He does all these wicked things you might like to do but it would be completely inappropriate," says Dennis Rook, professor of clinical marketing at USC. "It's like a dirty joke. You can giggle and laugh."
Stern's id is so lidless that his mother called in to his national radio show last week to berate him for the first chapter, which explicitly describes his adventures in cyberporn.
"I would like something more on the style of 'Bridges of Madison County,' " she told "Entertainment Tonight."
Regan says, "I tell women if you want to understand the average heterosexual man in this country, read the first chapter. Then you won't be so offended by your husband's fantasies. Granted, Howard Stern is excessive."
Indeed. Stern, 41, who loudly proclaims his fidelity to his wife of two decades, nonetheless imagines her death in the book and lists the women he'd like to have sex with next.
Including Regan.
Stern's editor says that fantasy had her "on the floor laughing my head off." When she caught her breath she exercised her editorial prerogative to have him tone it down. "I don't need this aggravation," she told Stern.
That's not all the editing Regan did.
"He wrote 4,000 pages," she says. "He's a major overachiever. He wrote 4 1/2 books. He wrote 25,000 chapters. I said, 'Howard. Stop writing.' "
"Individuals who criticize the spread of Islamic Sharia law in Britain could be deemed to be racist and silenced…. Without precise legislative definitions, deciding what [is extremism] is subjective and therefore open to abuse now or by any future authoritarian government." — Keith Porteous Wood, Director, National Secular Society.
Trinity Christian School, a small independent school in Reading, is being downgraded and may even be closed for not inviting a Muslim imam to lead a chapel service.
"They made us feel threatened about our religion. They asked, 'Do you have friends from other religions?' They asked this many times until we answered what they wanted us to say." — Eleventh grade student at a Jewish Orthodox school for girls.
"Yes we need to combat the Islamist threat, but this is not the way to do it.... You can't protect democracy by undermining its very foundations…. Freedom of expression is essential freedom for any democratic society." — Colin Hart, Director, The Christian Institute.
The British government has unveiled a new proposal that would require Islamic extremists to have their social media posts pre-approved by the government.
The plan—which is aimed at curbing the spread of jihadist propaganda in Britain—is part of a wide-ranging effort to strengthen the government's counter-terrorism strategy ahead of general elections set for May 2015.
The new policy is so broad in scope, however, and the definition of "extremist" is so all-encompassing, that the government could ultimately silence anyone whose views are deemed to be politically incorrect, according to free speech activists.
The so-called Extremism Disruption Orders (EDOs) would prohibit any individual the government considers to be an "extremist" from appearing on radio and television, protesting in public or even posting messages on Facebook, Twitter or YouTube, without permission.
The new measure was announced in passing by British Home Secretary Theresa May in a speech focused almost entirely on Islamic terrorism, and delivered at the Conservative Party's annual conference on September 29.
May's proposal was roundly condemned by critics who warned that such "gagging orders" would amount to an unprecedented attack on the freedom of speech.
'Are you an extremist?' UK Home Secretary Theresa May has announced new "Extremism Disruption Orders" that will ban any person the government labels an "extremist" from appearing on radio or TV, protesting in public or even posting messages on Facebook, Twitter or YouTube, without permission.
The debate was reignited on October 31, when the Daily Telegraph obtained a copy of a letter written by George Osborne, a senior member of the British cabinet, in which he informed constituents that the EDOs would not be limited to fighting Islamic extremism.
The ultimate objective of the EDOs, Osborne wrote, would be to "eliminate extremism in all its forms" and they would be used to curtail the activities of all those who "spread hate but do not break laws."
Osborne added that that the new orders—which will be included in the Conservative Party's election manifesto—would extend to any activities that "justify hatred" against people on the grounds of religion, sexual orientation, gender or disability.
Osborne also revealed that anyone seek to challenge an EDO would have to go the High Court and file an appeal based on a question of law rather than a question of fact.
In an interview with the Telegraph, the director of the National Secular Society, Keith Porteous Wood, warned that individuals who criticize the spread of Islamic Sharia law in Britain could be deemed racist, and silenced through an EDO. He said:
"The Government should have every tool possible to tackle extremism and terrorism, but there is a huge arsenal of laws already in place and a much better case needs to be made for introducing draconian measures such as Extremism Disruption Orders, which are almost unchallengeable and deprive individuals of their liberties. "Without precise legislative definitions, deciding what are 'harmful activities of extremist individuals who spread hate' is subjective and therefore open to abuse now or by any future authoritarian government."
The Christian Institute, a group that works to protect religious liberty in Britain, warned that the government could use EDOs to suppress Christian viewpoints. The institute's director, Colin Hart, said:
"It's not hard to see how they could be misused against Christians who support traditional marriage or otherwise breach the tenets of the Equality Act. Where will it leave a minister who preaches that salvation is through Christ alone? "Alarmingly these proposals are even worse than Labour's notorious Religious Hatred Bill or Section 5 of the Public Order Act that were so detrimental to freedom of speech. "What's more, Theresa May's plans are unnecessary—there are already extensive anti-extremist powers available to the authorities. Yes we need to combat the Islamist threat, but this is not the way to do it. "In effect the plans set up State gagging orders which are maintained by the threat of prison. You can't protect democracy by undermining its very foundations. The Home Secretary's proposals fly in the face of her very public espousal of 'British values.' Freedom of expression is essential freedom for any democratic society."
In a statement, the institute's deputy director, Simon Calvert, added:
"Anyone who expresses an opinion that isn't regarded as totally compliant with the Equality Act could find themselves ranked alongside Anjem Choudary, Islamic State or Boko Haram. "How many times a day do intellectually lazy political activists accuse their opponents of 'spreading hatred'? The left does it, the right does it, liberals do it, conservatives do it, it is routine. "Hand a judge a file of a thousand Twitter postings accusing this atheist or that evangelical of 'spreading hatred' and they could easily rule that an EDO is needed. It's a crazy idea—the Conservatives need to drop this like a hot brick."
A spokesman for the Conservative Party rejected the criticism, saying, "We have never sought to restrict peaceful protest or free speech, provided it is within the law." He added:
"In Government, Conservatives have always tried to strike the right balance on freedom of expression, freedom of assembly, freedom to manifest one's religion, and the need to protect the public. "Our proposal to introduce Extremism Disruption Orders reflects the need to go further on challenging the threat from extremism and those who spread their hateful views so that we can keep that democratic society safe."
If the new proposal is enacted, it would not be the first time that the government has expanded the applicability of laws that were originally designed to crack down on Islamic extremism.
In October, Ofsted, the official agency for inspecting schools, downgraded a Jewish school for failing to promote "British values" as required by new regulations that were enacted in June.
The so-called "Trojan Horse" regulations came in response to an alleged plot by Muslim fundamentalists to Islamize state-funded schools in England and Wales. Subsequent inspections found that many schools had indeed come under the influence of Islamic radicals.
In response, then British Education Secretary Michael Gove announced that the government would require all 20,000 primary and secondary schools to "promote British values." These values include the primacy of British civil and criminal law, religious tolerance and opposition to gender segregation.
In an inspection report dated October 27, Ofsted downgraded the Beis Yaakov High School for girls in greater Manchester for failing to promote Islam and homosexual rights. The report states:
"There are major gaps in students' spiritual, moral, social and cultural development. Students are not provided with sufficient opportunities to learn about or understand people of other faiths or cultures. The school does not promote adequately students' awareness and tolerance of communities which are different to their own. As a result, the school does not prepare students adequately for life in modern Britain. This means that the school is failing to give its students an acceptable standard of education."
Separately, Ofsted inspectors who visited an Orthodox Jewish primary school in mid-October sparked outrage after they asked 13-year-old pupils whether they know how babies are made and whether they know any homosexuals.
According to the National Association of Jewish Orthodox Schools (NAJOS), one ninth-grade pupil said she felt "uncomfortable and upset" after inspectors told pupils that a "woman might choose to live with another woman and a man could choose to live with a man, it's up to them."
Another girl in eleventh-grade said: "They made us feel threatened about our religion. They asked 'Do you have friends from other religions?' They asked this many times until we answered what they wanted us to say."
In a statement, NAJOS said: "Ofsted inspectors have been asking pupils inappropriate and challenging questions, many of which fall outside the religious ethos and principles at orthodox Jewish faith schools."
NAJOS director Jonathan Rabson, added: "This confrontational approach by inspectors is a worrying trend that has never been seen before in the UK Jewish community. We fear it suggests a shift in policy towards faith schools."
Rabbi David Meyer, the director of Partnership for Jewish Schools (PaJeS), an educational oversight body, said:
"We are seeing a worrying trend of Ofsted inspectors showing a lack of respect for the values and traditions of our community. "Multiculturalism isn't about conforming to one standard, but celebrating differences of perspectives, and so long as they are founded on tolerance and mutual respect, should be valued and protected. "Rather than promoting the values, our schools are feeling that our ethos is being undermined and we are being treated in a very harsh fashion."
The Chief Operating Officer of Ofsted, Matthew Coffey, rejected the accusations of inappropriate questioning, saying:
"Inspectors must ask questions which probe the extent to which pupils are prepared for the next stage in their education, or employment, or for life in modern Britain. "I am sorry if these questions seemed insensitive or offensive. Inspectors use age-appropriate questions to test children's understanding and tolerance of lifestyles different to their own."
Meanwhile, Ofsted has warned the Trinity Christian School, a small independent school in Reading, that it is being downgraded and may even be closed for not inviting a Muslim imam to lead a chapel service. By refusing to do so, Ofsted says, the school, which caters to pupils up to the age of eight, is failing to "actively promote" harmony between different faiths.
SF Giants' roster - who won't be back in 2012? GIANTS Fans should expect more turnover this time around
-- In modern baseball, the stability of the Giants' roster from 2010 to 2011 was unique. Juan Uribe left for Los Angeles and Edgar Renteria for Cincinnati. Aside from that, the bulk of the World Series championship team returned.
This winter will be different. Though key players such as Matt Cain, Tim Lincecum, Brian Wilson, Aubrey Huff, Freddy Sanchez, Buster Posey and Pablo Sandoval are locked in, because they already have 2012 contracts or are not eligible to leave via free agency, some familiar and popular faces from the title team might not be back.
Nine regular-season home games remain, starting with tonight's matchup of Lincecum and the Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw.
"There are a lot of guys who are probably playing their last games here because they can't bring everybody back," said Jeremy Affeldt, one of eight potential free agents who might bid San Francisco adieu. That list also includes Carlos Beltran, Pat Burrell and postseason hero Cody Ross.
The Giants also have 13 players eligible for salary arbitration, led by Lincecum and Pablo Sandoval. This baker's dozen goes into the offseason under team control, but some will not be offered 2011 contracts - "non-tendered," in baseball parlance - because the Giants cannot afford to pay them all. Non-tendered players become free agents, able to negotiate with all 30 teams.
###Live Caption: San Francisco Giants general manager Brian Sabean watches batting practice before a baseball game against the Colorado Rockies in San Francisco, Friday, June 3, 2011. Florida Marlins rookie Scott Cousins has been receiving death threats despite repeatedlyapologizing for a collision with San Francisco Giants star Buster Posey. Sabean criticized Florida Marlins rookie Scott Cousins on his weekly radio show on KNBR this week, calling the play malicious and unnecessary. ###Caption History: San Francisco Giants general manager Brian Sabean watches batting practice before a baseball game against the Colorado Rockies in San Francisco, Friday, June 3, 2011. Florida Marlins rookie Scott Cousins has been receiving death threats despite repeatedly apologizing for a collision with San Francisco Giants star Buster Posey. Sabean criticized Florida Marlins rookie Scott Cousins on his weekly radio show on KNBR this week, calling the play malicious and unnecessary. (AP Photo-Jeff Chiu) ###Notes: Brian Sabean ###Special Instructions: <137><252> less San Francisco Giants general manager Brian Sabean watches batting practice before a baseball game against the Colorado Rockies in San Francisco, Friday, June 3, 2011. Florida Marlins rookie Scott Cousins has been receiving death threats despite repeatedly apologizing for a collision with San Francisco Giants star Buster Posey. Sabean criticized Florida Marlins rookie Scott Cousins on his weekly radio show on KNBR this week, calling the play malicious and unnecessary. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Ran on: 06-04-2011 Brian Sabean at AT&T Park on Friday. If he's calling Scott Cousins, he's not getting an answer. Ran on: 06-04-2011 Photo caption Dummy text goes here. Dummy text goes here. Dummy text goes here. Dummy text goes here. Dummy text goes here. Dummy text goes here. Dummy text goes here. Dummy text goes here.<137,1970-12-18-17-21-52,><252>###Photo: sabean04_PH_new<252>1306972800<252>AP<252> San Francisco Giants general manager Brian Sabean watches batting practice before a baseball game against the Colorado Rockies in San Francisco, Friday, June 3, 2011. Florida Marlins rookie Scott Cousins has ... more Photo: Jeff Chiu, AP Photo: Jeff Chiu, AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close SF Giants' roster - who won't be back in 2012? 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Health will play a role in some decisions.
Burrell signed for $1 million this year and could do so again. On the other hand, he might have to retire because of a rare and debilitating foot injury that one doctor told him occurs mostly in car accidents.
"I'm one of those guys, I'll play until they tell me I can't," Burrell said. "I just enjoy it so much. That being said, I've got some limitations with this, and I don't know if I'll be allowed to play with this foot thing."
DeRosa, playing again after wrist injuries derailed his career, hopes to strengthen his wrist further this winter and let teams know he can produce.
Otherwise, the decisions will come down to dollars and need. Winter trades and free-agent acquisitions also could impact these players. So view the following as one reporter's embryonic analysis of the 21 potential free agents and arbitration-eligible players, listed with their 2011 salaries:
Free agents
Carlos Beltran, $18.5 million: Times have changed since he signed his seven-year, $119 million deal with the Mets. Now 34, he will have to take less money. Still, he remains an elite hitter, agent Scott Boras is going to demand a lot of years, and nobody yet knows whether Beltran even wants to stay in San Francisco.
Cody Ross, $6.3 million: The popular outfielder might test the waters in his first bid at free agency. If he seeks a raise or long-term deal, it's hard to imagine the Giants biting, given his struggles.
Mark DeRosa, $5.5 million: He'll probably have to sign a minor-league deal ("I've done it before. I ain't too damn proud") and is hoping to get closer to his Atlanta home.
Jeremy Affeldt, $4.5 million: The Giants paid the left-hander top setup-man money for the past two seasons, but he has not approached his 2009 success. Still, the club almost certainly will take a run at this workhorse after they probably decline his $5 million option.
Javier Lopez, $2.38 million: Also a first-time free agent, Lopez is a valuable commodity as a lefty specialist, and for now the Giants have no other options.
Pat Burrell, $1 million: He can still take a walk and hit a home run, and he is motivated to be a Giant in 2012 if health allows.
Orlando Cabrera, $1 million: The Giants might want another stopgap at short until Brandon Crawford, Ehire Adrianza or Joe Panik is ready. But who knows? Maybe they'll take a run at Jimmy Rollins.
Guillermo Mota, $925,000: The long man has been extremely valuable, so why not bring him back?
Arbitration-eligible
Tim Lincecum, $13 million: Now that Lincecum has shown a commitment to preparation, it might be time to explore a long-term deal that buys out some free-agent years, which begin in 2013.
Jonathan Sanchez, $4.8 million: General manager Brian Sabean covets starting depth. Even so, given how high Sanchez's salary could go in arbitration, and how poor his 2011 season was, he is a non-tender candidate.
Andres Torres, $2.2 million: Given his 2011 downfall, and with Gary Brown on the horizon, the Giants would have to think hard before they offer Torres arbitration and give him a raise.
Jeff Keppinger, $2.3 million: Keppinger was a solid pickup. With Freddy Sanchez's health still in question, the team needs Keppinger, who at least can be a valuable backup who kills left-handed pitching.
Ramon Ramirez, $1.65 million: The right-hander has gotten the team out of some tough spots, but the Giants might feel they can slip rookie Steve Edlefsen into this slot and save at least $2 million.
Santiago Casilla, $1.3 million: With his arm and stuff, Casilla is valuable at double his 2011 salary. He seems like a keeper.
Mike Fontenot, $1.05 million: A guy who can play second, third and shortstop in a pinch is valuable. The team will have to weigh him against another arbitration-eligible infielder, Emmanuel Burriss.
Ryan Vogelsong, (estimated less than $1 million): If the Giants offered him a two-year deal to buy out his last year of arbitration and first free-agency year, Vogelsong, who has never had job security, might jump out of his shoes to accept.
Pablo Sandoval, $500,000: The Panda is going to get a huge, well-deserved raise in his first year of eligibility. Probably too early to talk long-term deal.
Sergio Romo, $450,000: A no-brainer. One of the league's best right-handed setup men gets a contract offer.
Nate Schierholtz, $432,500: Schierholtz finally took a big step toward everyday play in 2011. It's hard to imagine the Giants cutting him loose now.
Eli Whiteside, $425,000: Chris Stewart passed him on the depth chart, and with prospect Hector Sanchez's rise, Whiteside is a non-tender candidate.
Emmanuel Burriss, $420,000: See Fontenot above.
-- Player-by-player assessment. B5
Examining the roster Free-agent hitters Name G HR RBI AVG Carlos Beltran 25 2 10 .333 Cody Ross 114 12 47 .233 Pat Burrell 84 7 21 .233 Mark DeRosa 35 0 5 .233 Orlando Cabrera 32 0 12 .217 Free-agent pitchers Name G W-L SO-BB ERA Jeremy Affeldt* 67 3-2 54-24 2.63 Javier Lopez 64 5-2 38-26 2.70 Guillermo Mota 46 2-2 65-26 3.79 *If the Giants decline $5 million option Arbitration eligible Hitters Andres Torres Jeff Keppinger Mike Fontenot Pablo Sandoval Nate Schierholtz Eli Whiteside Emmanuel Burriss Pitchers Tim Lincecum Jonathan Sanchez Ramon Ramirez Santiago Casilla Sergio Romo Ryan Vogelsong
GIANTS ON DECK Tonight vs. Dodgers 7:15 p.m. Channel: 11 Kershaw (17-5) vs. Lincecum (12-12) Saturday vs. Dodgers 6:05 p.m. CSNBA Kuroda (11-15) vs. Vogelsong (10-6) Sunday vs. Dodgers 1:05 p.m. CSNBA Lilly (9-13) vs. Bumgarner (10-12)
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Talks surrounding Major League Soccer's 24th franchise are beginning to heat up considerably, as the mad scramble for a slice of MLS' pie is reaching fever-pitch.
With Atlanta set to be announced as MLS' 23rd franchise on Wednesday afternoon now other markets wanting to become the 24th franchise, which MLS Commissioner Don Garber previously said would be the limit for the foreseeable future, Minneapolis-St. Paul seems to be right at the front of the list.
According to reports out of the Twin Cities, the NFL's Minnesota Vikings are “stepping up” their bid to bring MLS to the land of 10,000 lakes.
The Vikings' vice president of public affairs, Lester Bagley, said the team are working to secure an MLS expansion franchise to play in their new downtown Minneapolis stadium, which is set to open in 2016.
“We've been stepping up our conversations with the MLS,” Bagley said. “There are definitely others interested in the market.”
Other interested parties include Bill McGuire, owner of the NASL's Minnesota United and the Minnesota Twins ownership group who have teamed up to try and bring MLS to Minnesota, in a separate bid to the one proposed by the Vikings.
However with New York City FC and Atlanta both expected to play in large venues scaled down for soccer, it seems as though having an MLS team play in the Vikings' new home wouldn't be an issue for the league.
The race for franchise number 24 is well and truly on and Minnesota looks to be way ahead of the rest.
Follow @JPW_NBCSports
The 1st of July will be a day that will shake the basketball world as we know it. Former franchise poster-boys will be testing the waters in search of the right team that can bring them the most fame, fortune and rings on their fingers. The crown jewel of the 2010 free agents is none other than The King; LeBron James. Where will his future destination be?
Now forget the rumor mill. Putting all speculation and bruits aside, yours truly will be weighing LeBron options based on concrete tangible facts not assumptions. Currently LeBron's top legitimate candidates to landing him are; Cleveland, Chicago, New York and New Jersey. However, there are dark horses that can woo James to join their organization for 2010.
Cleveland has been the home for LeBron James for virtually his entire life. Growing up in the city of Akron, Ohio LeBron is the adored home-town boy that runs the city. The Cavs are a team that has shown growth over his tenure but sadly have shown the inability to play successful playoff basketball. For this reason I think LeBron wants to look elsewhere for a team that can keep him in the NBA Playoffs deep into mid June. As grateful as LBJ is I feel he is looking for a new chapter in his basketball career in a new destination.
In the Windy City, the winning allure is fast returning as the Chicago Blackhawks recently just won the Stanley Cup. Across the street from the Mad House in Madison (Blackhawks Arena), the United Center is where the youthful and improving Bulls play their games. With a strong core already the Bulls can court LeBron and another maximum level player to join their team, attractive? LeBron seems to think so. However, Bulls owner Jerry Reinsdorf is known as quite a stingy owner and was even called a “cheapskate” by Time Magazine in 1995.
After winning six titles in the 90's Reinsdorf broke up the personnel from those teams including Michael Jordan and Phil Jackson. This is surely a concern of LeBron's. If Reinsdorf was hesitant to spend on keeping MJ and basketballs best coach, how will he treat LeBron James in the future? Another deterrent of LeBron going to Chicago is that copper statue outside the arena and those 6 NBA Championship banners hanging in the rafters….
New York is my personal preference for The King. He is vocal about being an athlete billionaire and winning titles. There is no better place to do it than in New York. Being the global marketing capital and Mecca of basketball, NY will give LeBron unlimited business opportunities to fulfill. LeBron is already being offered a TV network if he signs with the Knickerbockers and is set to meet with entrepreneur and music mogul Diddy to discuss business ventures if he signs. World renown Iron Chef Mario Battali told LeBron that if he joins the Knicks he will cook meals for him once a week for 20 of his closest friends. A group of stars in New York have also formed to attract LeBron to the city including; Spike Lee, Diddy, Alec Baldwin and Howard Stern amongst others. You think the money and star treatment is attractive? LeBron definitely has his eyes on New York.
Under new billionaire ownership and a promising team New Jersey can make a fair run at Mr. James. With a good nucleus of young players and an opportunity to seek 2 max players the Nets are a contender. Newark, NJ isn't the most aesthetically pleasing city in the world but billionaire owner Mikhail Prokhorov and Jay-Z are moving the team to Brooklyn. However the team isn't positioned to win yet and playing in Madison Square Garden is no more than an hour away so this can affect LeBron's decision.
My two sleepers to make an admirable run at LeBron James are the Clippers and the Mavericks. Both teams have the salary room to ink a premier level player and both teams have very solid teams already. The LA Clippers are historically a dreadful team, but they do have the 3rd biggest market in the NBA. LA is a great city to play in and this is a team that LeBron could make his own and create an identity. A starting lineup with Baron Davis, Eric Gordon, James, Blake Griffin and All Star Chris Kaman would make them as good as anybody. The appeal of LeBron constructing a legacy in Los Angeles is there, It's whether or not he wishes to pursue it.
Dallas is interesting as well. For one thing the organization has an owner that is willing to give everything up for winning. Mark Cuban is willing to spend, spend and spend some more to keep LeBron happy. The possible trio of LBJ, Jason Kidd and Dirk Nowitzki with additional complementary pieces is a team that can compete for the title. James and Jason Kidd are known to have a close relationship with each other and Kidd will be used as a recruitment tool by the Mavs. Additional food for thought would be playing twenty home games a year in the majestic Dallas Cowboys Stadium and the fact that there is no state income-tax in the “Lone Star State”…more pocket change for LeBron.
The reason why I don't consider Miami as a first tear contender is because LeBron is an alpha player in the NBA. He wants to be the main figure in the spotlight and the man to lead his team to victory. If he goes south to Miami he will potentially share the limelight with Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh. D-Wade runs the city of Miami and if LeBron steps in he cannot expect to be the consensus #1 basketball figure.
To see James and Wade (possibly Bosh) play together would be nothing short of palpable and every night would be the best show on earth. However, to have 2 or 3 players that demand that ball in clutch moments of the game wouldn't make sense from a team perspective. We all know LeBron wants to win but he can win elsewhere and be the complete focal point not only on the court, but in the city.
BUT if LeBron is willing to throw away records, recognition and ” hes-the-greatest-ever” debates about himself than he can form a dynasty with Wade and possibly Bosh that would change the complexity of the NBA forever.
Where do you think his destination will be?
CC
Now out of the harsh Western sanctions, Iran has hinted to India that it could lose out on Chabahar port and the associated railway line to Zahedan if there was further delay by New Delhi in providing monetary support for them.
Advertising
“A number of economic projects with Iran are required to be implemented at the earliest. The Iranian government has stressed to us at high levels the urgency to extend the necessary financial support for these projects without further delay,” India's foreign ministry informed the linked ministries last week.
While scheduling an inter-ministerial meeting — to be chaired by Foreign Secretary — later this week, the Ministry of External Affairs told the ministries to consider expediting the lines of credit under consideration as well as altering the existing payment mechanism for crude oil imports.
“Separately, the lifting of sanctions will require modifications in the existing arrangements for payment for India's oil imports from Iran,” it wrote. The agreement would need to be amended to allow Iranians to collect their entire payment in dollars as the existing one allows 45 per cent of the dues to be paid in rupees.
Advertising
India's urgency to arrive at a favourable response follows the planned visit of Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister for Asia & Pacific Ebrahim Rahimpour on February 4 to hold Foreign Office Consultations with the MEA.
Just days after the US lifted the sanctions, Iranian envoy Gholamreza Ansari said that India's Iran policy was marked by unnecessary caution and that New Delhi could not follow the policy of patient waiting any more in the changed circumstances.
“I feel private companies in India are keen to move ahead in the Chabahar port project but the government has not shown the same level of enthusiasm in the past,” he said.
Since last August, Iran has been asking for $345 million as credit for the steel/railway project and $150 million for equipment purchases for Chabahar port. However, these loans got delayed following India's Exim Bank's refusal to get directly involved during the tenure of western sanctions.
India, in principle, agreed to provide buyer's credit under the National Export Insurance Account (NEIA) for the steel/rail projects but that got stalled as Finance Ministry wanted more clarity on its “strategic importance” as well as the “Indian content” to make available concessional finance to Indian firms.
On Chabahar port, the Shipping Ministry moved a Cabinet note for providing $150 million as line of credit but that got held up as India wanted that the draft contract retain a reference to India content.
New Delhi has already delayed concluding the commercial contract for the port — considered both a strategic and an economic asset — set for November 5 last year as both governments signed an MoU last May setting a deadline for signing the detailed contract within six months.
‘India's Iran policy marked by unnecessary caution'
> India's urgency to arrive at a favourable response follows the planned visit of Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister for Asia & Pacific Ebrahim Rahimpour on February 4 to hold Foreign Office Consultations with
the MEA
> Just days after the US lifted the sanctions, Iranian envoy Gholamreza Ansari said that India's Iran policy was marked by unnecessary caution and that New Delhi could not follow the policy of patient waiting any more in the changed circumstances..
Advertising
> Since last August, Iran has been asking for $345 mn as credit for the steel/railway project and $150 m n for equipment purchases for Chabahar port. However, these loans got delayed following India's Exim Bank's refusal to get directly involved during the tenure of western sanctions
Most of this University of Miami recruiting class is already secured: Nine are enrolled, 16 others are orally committed. But after losing key commitments at cornerback (Nigel Bethel), running back (Brandon Powell) and defensive tackle (Michael Wyche, Travonte Valentine) in the past few weeks, the Hurricanes are trying to bolster a few positions before National Signing Day on Wednesday.
They picked up one new commitment moments ago when tight end David Njoku announced he is commiting to UM. Njoku, a 6-4, three-star prospect who can also play receiver, was also considering Connecticut, Temple and Oregon. Penn State and Rutgers also offered him, but Ohio State reportedly pulled his offer.
He caught 40 passes for 981 yards in 2013, averaging 24.5 yards per reception. In his high school career, he caught 76 passes, averaging 23.6 yards per reception.
UM had one tight end/H-back already committed (Christopher Herndon).
Some positions where is still looking for help:
### Defensive tackle: Hialeah Champagnat's Valentine, rated by Rivals.com as the nation's No. 3 defensive tackle and the 59th best player overall, is still considering Miami but isn't visiting this weekend because he wants to spend time with his family and has already been on UM's campus several times, according to our Manny Navarro.
Valentine said earlier this week he hasn't ruled out Miami but said his heart is with LSU. He said he likes the UM coaches but has bonded with players and recruits at LSU more than at UM. He also said LSU “fits my personality.” And Valentine told Manny he's the most comfortable playing at about 315 pounds, and UM wants him bigger than 320 so that he can play nose guard in a 3-4 (not his preference). Manny has more on Valentine on the UM blog, to be posted after 3 today.
… Stung by the loss of Wyche (who dropped his commitment because of an ACC rule requiring junior college transfers), UM has been exploring other options. North Carolina-based three-star Lamont Gaillard is visiting UM this weekend but calls himself a solid Georgia commitment.
### Quarterback: UM already has two firm commitments (Brad Kaaya and Malik Rosier), but is making a pitch to Booker T. Washington's Treon Harris, who's visiting this weekend.
Harris, an FSU oral commitment who threw for 28 touchdowns and four picks in 2013, has already visited UF and Auburn. He told a Birmingham, Ala. newspaper that he's “still solid” to FSU and “I'm just taking my visits, experiencing things I've never seen before in my life.” FSU remains the favorite.
### Running back: With only one committed (Miami Central's four-star 5-9, 177-pound Joseph Yearby, who's already enrolled), UM would love to add another back with more size and has targeted Louisiana-based two-star Kameron McKnight (6-2, 220 pounds) and Georgia-based three-star Tavon Ross (6-1, 196), a Missouri oral commitment.
Ross told rivals.com that his visit to UM last weekend “went pretty well” but his decision will hinge on how his trip to Missouri goes this weekend. McKnight will choose from among UM, Louisiana-Monroe, Louisiana Tech and Southern Mississippi.
The wild card here is five-star prospect Bo Scarbrough, who created a buzz by visiting UM last weekend and reportedly was due to return this weekend unless Alabama coaches could talk him out of it. Scarbrough, who has returned to Alabama after attending IMG Academy in Bradenton, is an Alabama oral commitment who said earlier this month that he was considering Mississippi but not Miami. UM has been trying to get him to change his mind.
### Cornerback: UM has only one in this class --- three-star Miami Northwestern prospect Ryan Mayes, who's already enrolled --- and covets Immokalee four-star prospect JC Jackson, whose finalists are UM and UF. Jackson's father is a Canes fan, and the lack of an impact cornerback in this UM class could help UM's chances. But this decision is a toss-up.
### Receivers: UM recruited three three-star receivers in the past week but appears unlikely to get any of the three. California-based Brayden Lenius (Kaaya's high school teammate) very likely won't choose Miami for geographic reasons even though he liked the idea of playing with Kaaya, his coach told me Friday.
Jacksonville-based Isaiah Ford canceled his Miami trip last week and is leaning toward Virginia Tech or Louisville, one of his coaches said. And South Dade's C.J. Worton declined an offer to visit Miami and is considering UM and West Virginia.
### Defensive end: UM is in good shape at this position (with Chad Thomas, Demetrius Jackson, Mike Smith, etc.) but has been trying to entice Dillard's Randy Ramsey to visit. Dillard coach Lorenzo Davis told me today that Ramsey still hasn't decided whether to visit UM this weekend. An Arkansas oral commitment, Ramsey had 23 sacks this past season.... UM also has been linked to Tampa three-star defensive end/linebacker Josh Black, who is considering numerous schools.
The French government released a report blaming the Syrian government for this month's chemical weapons incident.
The report states:
According to the intelligence obtained by the French services, the process of synthesizing sarin, developed by the Scientific Studies and Research Centre (SSRC) and employed by the Syrian armed forces and security services, involves the use of hexamine as a stabilizer. *** The presence of the same chemical compounds in the environmental samples collected during the attacks on Khan Sheikhoun on 4 April 2017 and on Saraqib on 29 April 2013 has therefore been formally confirmed by France. The sarin present in the munitions used on 4 April was produced using the same manufacturing process as that used during the sarin attack perpetrated by the Syrian regime in Saraqib. Moreover, the presence of hexamine indicates that this manufacturing process is that developed by the Scientific Studies and Research Centre for the Syrian regime.
Sounds convincing, right?
But the report falls apart upon closer scrutiny …
Specifically, the head of the United Nations' team investigating the possible use of chemical warfare in Syria (Åke Sellström) wrote an email to MIT rocket scientist Ted Postol in 2014 stating:
Hexamine … is a product simple to get hold of and in no way conclusively points to the [Syrian] government. In addition, hexamine found in samples may be derived from other sources for example, explosives.
(I blacked out Postol's email address to protect his privacy; as I did with personal information in the email below.)
This week, Washington's Blog wrote the following email to Dr. Sellström seeking confirmation:
The Washington Post quotes French officials as saying that analysis of sarin from Khan Sheikhoun shows the presence of hexamine, indicating that the sarin was produced by the Syrian government: https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/samples-from-syrias-deadly-sarin-attack-bear-assadssignature-says-france/2017/04/26/af5d47e0-2a5d-11e7-86b7-5d31b5fdc114_story.html?utm_term=.dc5df76866af However, my understanding is that it is easy to acquire hexamine, and so the presence of the substance does not indicate state-sponsored manufacture. I also understand that hexamine is a common byproduct from explosives. Is that right?
Dr. Sellström responded:
It is really a question of the meaning of the word indicating. The presence of hexamine could, indeed, indicate that the source is the government. Leaving out who actually used it. But it could also indicate a lot of other things, like someone using the same recipe for example
In other words, the lead UN investigator is saying that the presence of hexamine could prove that:
(1) The Syrian government did use sarin (2) The rebels got a hold of old stocks of government-produced sarin, and then used it themselves (3) Someone reverse-engineered the sarin formula previously used by the government and created their own new sarin (4) Something else altogether (e.g. that the hexamine came from every day explosives, was otherwise introduced from other sources, or perhaps the evidence was altogether fudged for political purposes)
The French report also claims:
France assesses that the theory of an attack by the armed [rebel] groups using a neurotoxic agent on 4 April is not credible. France has no information confirming the possession of sarin by these groups.
That's downright silly, given that it was long ago shown that the rebels do possess chemical weapons such as sarin.
The future of copyright amendments crowdsourced by the Finnish public appear to be in doubt. The citizen-drafted proposals, which received 50,000 signatures, seek to decriminalize file-sharing, but Finland's Education and Culture Committee now wants to reject the historic initiative.
In 2012, Finland introduced a modification to its national constitution which allowed the public to provide input into the kind of laws being put in place.
The changes, which allow citizens to put forward legislative proposals for Parliament to vote on, came at a time when restrictive copyright was already under the spotlight.
As a result the citizen-drafted ‘Common Sense for Copyright' initiative quickly gathered momentum. It was hoped that the proposals would influence updates to copyright law being prepared by Finland's Ministry of Education and Culture.
The draft, the brainchild of the Open Ministry nonprofit, calls for reduced penalties for copyright infringement and current penalties to be applied only in cases of a commercial scale. Fair Use provisions would also be expanded, alongside exemptions for those wishing to backup purchased media and time-shift commercial content.
In July 2013 the initiative made history after reaching the required 50,000 signatures. It was submitted to Parliament in November 2013 but now the future of the proposal is in serious doubt.
Much to the disappointment of its backers, the Finnish Parliament's Education and Culture Committee is recommending that Common Sense For Copyright should be rejected.
European Digital Rights (EDRi), a group which defends civil rights in the information society, reports that the Committee concluded its handling of the initiative yesterday as expected.
“In its report, the Committee notes that the initiative suggests several ambitious amendments, but that it considers it impossible to propose, based on the initiative, even partial changes to the existing copyright law,” EDRi notes.
“The report states that the initiative includes internal contradictions and that many of the amendments it suggests are too significantly incompatible with the current legislation.”
As late as last week, Electronic Frontier Finland (Effi), the Finnish Pirate Party and the Open Ministry submitted complaints to the Chancellor of Justice over the way the Education and Culture Committee has been handling changes to copyright law.
The complaints allege that drafting has been carried out in secret, contrary to the Committee's obligations under the Finnish Freedom of Information Act. Furthermore, the criteria to be applied in web-blocking cases had not been made available.
Parliament is expected to vote on the citizens' initiative next week but after the Education and Culture Committee's recommendations the odds are stacked against it.
Any rejection of the key points will come as a big disappointment to the 50,000+ citizens who supported the initiative. Many had signed following widespread outrage provoked by a police raid on the home of a then 9-year-old girl whose Winnie the Pooh laptop was confiscated after an allegation of file-sharing. The case was later settled for 300 euros.
A California woman known as Jane Doe, who accused Donald Trump of raping her 22 years ago when she was 13, canceled a press conference Wednesday night where she was to publicly tell her story for the first time.
Her attorney, Lisa Bloom, told a throng of reporters waiting for the press conference at her Woodland Hills, California, firm that the woman had received threats and was too scared to come forward.
“She is living in fear. She has decided that she's too afraid to show her face,” Bloom told reporters. “She's been here all day ready to do it. But unfortunately she's in terrible fear. So we're going to have to reschedule.”
The woman accused Trump and Jeffrey Epstein of raping her during several parties that Epstein hosted on the Upper East Side at 9 E. 71st St. during the summer of 1994.
She filed a lawsuit against both men this year.
“During this period, Plaintiff was a minor of age 13 and was legally incapable under New York law of consenting to sexual intercourse and the other sexual contacts detailed herein,” Jane Doe's lawsuit alleges.
Two witnesses to the alleged crimes have stepped forward: a former employee of Epstein's and a classmate of the plaintiff, according to the suit. Epstein, a wealthy financier, was convicted in 2008 of soliciting prostitution from an underage girl and is currently a registered sex offender.
At least a dozen women have accused the GOP nominee of inappropriate sexual contact.
Trump has maintained his innocence and said the women are either seeking fame or are trying to sabotage his White House bid.
Stoke have launched a shock move for former Liverpool defender Glen Johnson.
The right back is a free agent having left Anfield at the end of last month and is on the lookout for a new club.
Potters boss Mark Hughes wants to snap up Johnson, who has 54 England caps to his name.
Glen Johnson could be on the move to Stoke City after Mark Hughes made a bid to sign the right-back
Johnson is a free agent after being released by Liverpool at the end of last season
Talks between both parties are underway, with Stoke hopeful of concluding a deal in the coming days.
Johnson, 30, has attracted interest from across Europe with Besiktas and West Ham among the clubs who are keen.
Johnson in action for England against Italy at the World Cup finals in Brazil last summer
Mark Hughes has moved quickly to tempt Johnson to the Britannia Stadium
But it seems Hughes is in pole position to land the ex-Chelsea man.
Johnson has put himself under a strict training regime as he bides his time over his next destination.
He uploaded a number of training videos to social media last week.
VIDEO Transfer round-up
Lucas and Christopher Leonard, 19 and 17, were attacked during New York church ‘counseling session' in brutal beating that killed Lucas, police say
Two teenage brothers were brutally beaten in church – one of them fatally – in an effort by their parents, sister and other members of the congregation to force them to confess their sins and seek forgiveness, police said on Wednesday.
Police chief Michael Inserra said investigators are still looking into what the supposed sins were.
Lucas and Christopher Leonard, 19 and 17, were pounded with fists on Sunday at the Word of Life church when a “counseling session” meant to explore their spiritual state turned violent, Inserra said. They were beaten in the abdomen, genitals, back and thighs, authorities said.
Lucas died and his brother was hospitalized in serious condition. Six church members – including the brothers' parents and sister – have been arrested.
“Both brothers were subjected to physical punishment over the course of several hours, in hopes that each would confess to prior sins and ask for forgiveness,” Inserra said.
The parents, Bruce and Deborah Leonard, were charged with manslaughter in Lucas's death. Four other adults were charged with assault in the younger brother's beating, including Sarah Ferguson, 33, the victims' sister. All have pleaded not guilty.
Lawyers for the parents and the sister had no comment. Contact information for the other defendants' attorneys was not immediately available.
The church is a former elementary school where a Christian congregation has worshipped for as many as 30 years.
Neighbors in the once-thriving mill town of 22,000 people about 50 miles east of Syracuse said the congregation's secretive ways made them suspicious.
“I'm really afraid. In my heart I don't think this is the first incident,” said Eva Monaghan, who lives around the corner from the church. “Over all the years, I can't imagine this is the first thing. Maybe nothing as bad. Around town, it's considered a cult.”
Police said more arrests are expected as the investigation continues.
The investigation began about 12.30pm on Monday when family members brought Lucas Leonard to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead. Police surrounded the church and entered it. Several children were turned over to child welfare authorities.
Nancy Kneller, who works at a Catholic church nextdoor to Word of Life, described the congregation as a close-knit group.
“It's really sad. I think that people have always been so suspicious. Why are they so secretive? Why are there no kids out playing?” she said. Still, she said: “I think they're good people that made a bad decision.”
To start using Office 365 Message Encryption you need to follow three easy steps
Activate Azure Rights Management Setup Azure Rights Management for Exchange online Setup transport rules to enforce message encryption in Exchange online
Step 1. Activate Azure Rights Management
Open the Office 365 admin center and expand the “SERVICE SETTINGS” menu on the left side, then choose “Rights Management”
Now choose Enable to activate Rights Management.
You can also use PowerShell to activate Rights Management
Download and install the Azure Rights Management Administration Tool
This will install the Windows PowerShell module for Azure Rights Management.
Open a PowerShell session and run:
Connect-AadrmService 1 Connect-AadrmService
To activate Azure Rights Management service run:
Enable-Aadrm 1 Enable-Aadrm
Step 2. Setup Azure Rights Management for Exchange online
Connect to Exchange online with PowerShell (open PowerShell as Administrator)
Enter the following commands to Connect and import the session
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned $cred = Get-Credential $Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $cred -Authentication Basic –AllowRedirection Import-PSSession $Session 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned $cred = Get-Credential $Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft . Exchange -ConnectionUri https : / / outlook . Office 365 . com / powershell -liveid / -Credential $cred -Authentication Basic – AllowRedirection Import-PSSession $Session
Verify if your IRM isn't already configured using:
Get-IRMConfiguration 1 Get-IRMConfiguration
1. Configure RMS with the online key-sharing location; choose a location that best suites your environment. In my example I will be using Europe, a table of all locations is listed below.
Location RMS key sharing location North America https://sp-rms.na.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc European Union https://sp-rms.eu.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc Asia https://sp-rms.ap.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc South America https://sp-rms.sa.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc Office 365 for Government https://sp-rms.govus.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc
To configure the RMS online key sharing location for a customer in Europe you would use this command:
Set-IRMConfiguration -RMSOnlineKeySharingLocation "https://sp-rms.eu.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc" 1 Set -IRMConfiguration -RMSOnlineKeySharingLocation "https://sp-rms.eu.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc"
2. Run the following command to import the Trusted Publishing Domain (TPD) from RMS online:
Import-RMSTrustedPublishingDomain -RMSOnline -name "RMS Online" 1 Import-RMSTrustedPublishingDomain -RMSOnline -name "RMS Online"
3. Verify that you successfully configured IRM in Exchange Online by running this command:
Test-IRMConfiguration –sender admin@domain.com 1 Test-IRMConfiguration – sender admin @ domain . com
4. Run the following commands to disable IRM templates from being available in OWA and Outlook and then enable IRM for your cloud-based email organization to use IRM for Office 365 Message Encryption:
To disable IRM templates in OWA and Outlook:
Set-IRMConfiguration -ClientAccessServerEnabled $false 1 Set -IRMConfiguration -ClientAccessServerEnabled $false
To enable IRM for Office 365 Message Encryption:
Set-IRMConfiguration -InternalLicensingEnabled $true 1 Set -IRMConfiguration -InternalLicensingEnabled $true
View the IRM Configuration
Get-IRMConfiguration 1 Get-IRMConfiguration
3. Setup transport rules to enforce message encryption in Exchange online
Open the Office 365 Admin center https://portal.office.com
Open the Exchange Admin Center, and navigate to mail flow – rules
Click on the “+” symbol to create a new rule.
I will show two separate rules to give you an idea how you could use this in your organization.
The first rule will encrypt the message based on a trigger word in the subject or body of the message. In your organization you can agree on one or more specific and unique words that will trigger this rule. Using this method you could for example give the users a secondary email signature with at the bottom the trigger word and name the signature: “Encrypt message” for example. Then whenever this signature is selected the email message will be encrypted. In the below example I've use the trigger word: [secure-email] please note that the brackets are part of the trigger word to reduce the chance that a message is unintentionally encrypted with this rule.
Another example is to have all outbound messages that have an Office document attached automatically encrypted.
Test the rules by sending a message making sure the message content will trigger one of the rules.
The recipient will receive a message with instruction how to open en decrypt the message.
In a next blog I will show you how to customise encrypted messages and the viewing portal.
Related
I hope this was informative. For questions or comments you can always give a reaction in the comment section or contact me:
Bruce Jenner - Republican male who voted to allow gay men to die, who won Olympic medals as a white male then transitioned in his 60s - receives the Arthur Ashe Award for Courage, named after the ONLY black man to win three tennis Grad Slams and who died of AIDS. Jenner voted to let men like Ashe die, I'm so disgusted with this.
That's fucking repugnant.
Jenner's actions–and yes, it is an “action” to vote Republican, to donate republican, to photo-op with fucking Reagan may he roast in a special circle of hell–caused the death of hundreds of thousands of men like Ashe.
Jenner's got blood–literal, seeing as how his actions killed a woman, and figurative, seeing as how he eviscerated political support for gay men during a plague–on his hands but he stands up there and simpers and weeps daintily into a hankie because my gosh, what courage.
What fucking hypocrisy. The bravest people in that fucking room were the ones who didn't stand up.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
BBC journalist Nick Robinson sparked an impartiality row as he appeared to criticise Jeremy Corbyn after his first major campaign speech.
The Radio 4 Today programme presenter faced a barrage of criticism after posting a tweet in which he accused Labour's leader of being "long on passion and short on details".
“No-one should be surprised that @jeremycorbyn is running v the "Establishment" & is long on passion & short on details. Story of his life," Mr Robinson's tweet said.
It sparked an immediate backlash on social media, where Robinson was accused of breaching BBC rules on impartiality.
Labour activist Eoin Clarke slammed the presenter and told him: “Details here Nick. Please do try and be impartial.”
Journalist Gareth Davies, who works for the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, told Robinson on Twitter: “You may be right but is this an appropriate tweet for a prominent BBC journalist?”
Prominent University of East Anglia law lecturer Paul Bernal said: “Nothing makes me more sympathetic to Corbyn than seeing how @bbcLauraK and @BBCNickRobinson behave towards him. And I'm no Corbyn fan.”
Another Twitter user called Neil Macdougall added: “As a former president of Oxford Conservative Union he's never going to be impartial", referring to Mr Robinson's role as president of the Oxford University Conversative Association in 1985.
Others called for him to remove the tweet or stand down as a BBC presenter.
Journalist Peter Oborne sad: “If Nick Robinson wants to enter politics he should step down as presenter of the Today Programme.”
He added: “If Nick Robinson wants to retain a reputation as an impartial BBC Today programmer presenter he should take this tweet down.”
Another user called Paul Brooker said: “If you want to offer your personal political opinions on Twitter @BBCnickrobinson you should stand down from your BBC position. For shame.”
But Cheshire-born Robinson remained defiant and hit out at the backlash, saying: “Curiously this seems to have upset some. Don't think Jeremy would disagree with a word. Details may follow but never been his speaking style”.
He added: “Oh dear. Merely meant that people should expect Jeremy to do now what done his whole life – ie give passionate anti-establishment speech.”
The news man then posted a lengthy statement on Facebook by way of explanation of what had happened.
He said: "When I tweeted earlier that people should not be surprised by Jeremy Corbyn's approach as it was "the story of his life" some read it as being perjorative and evidence of that establishment sneering. I meant no such thing.
"My point was that the Labour leader is doing what he has done for decades and what brought him huge and unexpected success in his party. So no-one should expect him now to change his approach.
"I, on the other hand, will read my tweets twice to check they don't read as if I mean something I never intended. What's more I'll constantly remind myself that this campaign is likely to produce lots of moments where people cry 'that's not fair'."
A Labour source told the Standard: “He [Jeremy Corbyn] is the leader of the Labour Party, he can take it.”
Mr Corbyn gave his maiden speech of the campaign trail on Thursday morning and claimed he would “change the direction of this election”.
He vowed to bring power and money back into the hands of the majority and claimed Labour still had a chance.
The Standard has contacted the BBC for comment. The Labour Party declined to issue a statement.
Image courtesy of Ruby Room.
Bellevue's Ruby Room announced its annual fundraiser, Ruby Room Runway, will be held this year on October 9th and is showcasing three local fashion designers. Their fabulous fashions will then be auctioned off with all proceeds benefiting the Ruby Room.
What's the Ruby Room?
In 2002, the Ruby Room was founded on the belief that everyone should be able to attend proms, homecoming, formals, all those big HS events, regardless of their ability to pay. Their idea was to "level the dance floor." Relying on local donations and gifts, Ruby Room collects formalwear throughout the year, and then gifts it to young women who are unable to purchase their own dance attire. Each girl is paired with a personal shopper volunteer (a little bit like a fairy godmother) who assists her in picking out the perfect gown and accessories.
What's the fundraiser all about?
The Ruby Room Runway will have the three designers using the dress inventory as inspiration as well as supplemental fabric, for the construction of their looks. Each designer has four looks to complete, for a total of 12 looks that will then be auctioned off. The designers are as well competing for a grand prize of $1000.
The designers for this year's fashion show are Deyonte' Weather, Carlisia Minnis and Jeanette Svensk Li. Weather is a Chicago native, living and designing in Seattle with a knack for creating beautiful, unique and "saucy" designs. His garments are hip, edgy, and glamorous, and Ruby Room says, "Women love the way they look and more importantly the way the feel in his garments."
Calrisia Minnis is local designer who founded and designs for MAC Fashion House. The MAC collection has appeared in magazines, shows, videos and even after-parties for entertainers like Erykah Baduh and Maxwell. Minnis describe her style as “a little fearlessness with a little elegance. After 14 years strong, I'm still producing garments with lots of colors, prints, and textures. This gives women the feeling of being sexy, sensual, and sassy, while my guys are walking around proud, handsome, and feeling GQ.”
Mercer Island-based designer Jeanette Svensk Li originally hails from Sweden, and is behind the label is Cute Like Mad. Her designs were also a part of IDRS in 2015, and she tends to lean Scandinavian: cool and sleek minimalism. Svensk Li says: “I get inspiration from architecture and museums. I love to imagine how I can turn garments, which were constructed and designed a long time ago, into something current and modern. Music is also important to me—I always listen to music when I work.”
The bottom line details?
The event will be Sunday, October 9th and tickets start at $65 for general admission and go up to $125 for Ultra VIP. There will be special student pricing available. To purchase or find out more about Ruby Room, visit their website at RubyRoomSeattle.org.
Vice President Joe Biden reached out to the park ranger who was chewed out by a Republican congressman on Wednesday at the World War II memorial in Washington.
“I'm proud of you,” Biden told the ranger over the phone. The call was announced on the vice president's official Twitter feed.
“I'm proud of you,” VP called to tell the Park Ranger who was chastised by a GOP Rep today at the WWII Memorial. — Office of VP Biden (@VP) October 3, 2013
Rep. Randy Neugebauer (R-TX) tried to shame the park ranger over the closure of the memorial, a result of the government shutdown that Republicans have sought to exploit.
The congressman asked the woman how she can deny World War II veterans access to the memorial.
“It's difficult,” she responded.
“Well, it should be difficult,” a testy Neugebauer fired back.
“It is difficult,” the ranger said. “I'm sorry sir.”
“The Park Service should be ashamed of themselves,” Neugebauer said.
“I'm not ashamed,” the Ranger said.
A man who identified himself as a furloughed federal worker eventually intervened and defended the ranger.
How Remix OS will Mix Things Up — Interview with David Ko, Co-Founder of Jide
An Interview with Jide Technology
Remix OS has become a bit of a darling in the Android community. In a sea of broken promises, Jide Technology has delivered quality products that have lived up to our expectations. For a time, only users on select devices had the opportunity to use Remix OS, while others looked on in envy.
Last month, however, Jide Technology opened up the floodgates and allowed PCs onto the Remix OS boat. Swamped by overwhelming demand for the product, Jide partnered with XDA to host their forums. A month has passed since the release of Remix OS for PC, and with Mobile World Congress just around the corner, where will Jide Technology take the product in the future? To find out, I sat down with David Ko, co-founder of Jide Technology.
In order to better understand where Jide is headed with Remix OS, it's important to know how Remix OS came about.
XDA: As you might know, the Android-x86 project began in 2009, so the idea to bring Android to computers has existed for some time. You mention in your Kickstarter that the idea for Remix OS was born in October of 2013. What inspired you to create Remix OS?
Mr. Ko: In 2013, Jeremy Chau, one of the co-founders of Jide bought a modern laptop PC for his father, a lifelong computer engineer who taught Jeremy how to code when he was only 8 years old. He asked his dad the next day to see how he was liking his new laptop. The response was, “I can't seem to figure out how to turn it off.” It took them another 10 minutes to find the power switch and in that time, Jeremy realized that there had to be a better way. The more he looked into the PC market at the time, the more he was sure that Android was the key and would be the operating system of the future. That's the origin story behind why Remix OS exists.
XDA: In your company's About Page, Mr. Chau, Mr. Luk, and yourself are all noted to have previously worked at Google. How has working at Google influenced the creation of Remix OS, if at all?
Mr. Ko: Even now, we still hold that Google is one of the best companies to work for in the world. Larry Page constantly emphasized to us to always keep the long term vision in mind, and this is something we've brought into the creation of Remix OS. Our co-founder David Ko had the privilege of working on projects aimed at emerging markets and the mobile space. Part of the vision that we have at Jide, is that the next billion people online will be from emerging markets. For most of these folks, Android and its ecosystem will be their first computing experience. We build with Android to make sure we can keep that Google principle: plan, work and build for the long term vision and how it will impact people 5-10 years from now.
As the vanguards of introducing Remix OS to the market, the Remix Ultratablet and Remix Mini were pivotal to Remix OS's initial crowdfunding success. We wanted to know why and how Jide settled on launching these two products to showcase Remix OS.
XDA: In your Kickstarter page for the Jide Remix Ultratablet, you mentioned your intentions to ship a Remix device to backers from any tier. At the time, what made you decide to launch a Kickstarter for the Ultratablet rather than releasing Remix OS?
Mr. Ko: We really buy into what Alan Kay once said, “People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware.” In developing the Ultratablet, we had to work on all layers of software and in doing so, we were able to accelerate and optimize the development of Remix OS. Kickstarter was exactly where we needed to go to find our earliest community of users. Kickstarter community members are adventurous, curious and willing to be open minded to the visions of the creators. As a company no one had ever heard of, this was a global platform that could let us tell our story to as wide of an audience as we could. The ones who responded to our message would be the ones who shared our vision, and who we hoped would engage with us in a community and help us build towards the vision we have.
XDA: How did you decide on a price-point for both the Ultratablet and the Mini?
Mr. Ko: We had one goal with both: to bring down barriers of access to modern technology as much as we could. We want to affect as many as we can and ask our earliest adopters to help us continue to build and develop better products.
XDA: Did you have to make any compromises on the hardware?
Mr. Ko: No, actually hardware consideration for us is, and always will be, in relationship to what the software needs. Thanks to our lightweight operating system, even lower specification hardware, such as that found in the Mini, brings a great experience.
XDA: If you were to release a second generation Ultratablet and Mini, what improvements would we most likely see?
Mr. Ko: We constantly aim to push the boundaries of Android and our goal is to always pair the software with the right hardware. If we were to release new hardware, we'd be sure to listen closely to our community and hear what they wanted most from it.
What drew people to Remix OS was its productivity-focused design. Android was designed for smartphone use, and left a lot to be desired when used on larger screen sizes. Although Android N could alleviate some of these concerns, Remix OS filled the void for a lot of people. What went into the decisions behind why Jide is designed the way it is?
XDA: In the Remix OS builds for the Ultratablet, the status bar was located on the top of the screen – much like a traditional Android tablet. However, in later versions of Remix OS, the status bar was merged with the navigation bar – much like Android Honeycomb. What caused this change?
Mr. Ko: This is why we keep bringing up our user community. We are able to work and iterate effectively by listening to their feedback, keeping our ear to the conversations that go on between community members as much as the direct contact they have with us. While we keep true to our internal vision, it's just as important that the process of reaching our goals involves contribution from our users. In your example, this is something that our users seemed to prefer.
XDA: Did you design Remix OS with touch screen tablets/laptops in mind and add keyboard and mouse afterwards, or was it your intention to target both use cases from the beginning?
Mr. Ko: For the way we imagine Android PCs, keyboard and mouse optimization is a major component of the end-product. While Android was originally developed for touchscreens, PC productivity features rely heavily on the habits and shortcuts benefitted by keyboard and mouse input. Remix OS has always had the intention of merging the best of mobile with the best of traditional PC computing.
XDA: In what ways can Remix OS improves to further bridge the gap between Android's mobile design and the traditional computer workflow?
Mr. Ko: Our focus is always to keep looking for ways to improve the user experience on Remix OS, and continuing to improve the keyboard & mouse optimization. As well as other features that an Android PC really needs to thrive such as device compatibility and improvement to the app ecosystem.
XDA: Do you feel that Remix OS has a place on desktop computers?
Mr. Ko: Absolutely. Remix OS is the expression of what we see as Android PCs. It's really not even about the OS; it's what you can do on the platform. Taking the Android ecosystem and bringing it together with the familiarity of PC and multitasking habits should allow users to do more and do them more effectively.
XDA: What kinds of users do you feel will most enjoy using Remix OS?
Mr. Ko: We do think that the folks who'll get us right away are Android fans and developers. But we also think that casual computer users will enjoy using Remix OS. All the apps you use in your daily life are probably available on Android. Again, it's really about what you can do on the platform you're using. At the end of the day, that's what computer users really need.
No software solution is complete without support, especially among Android enthusiasts who crave all the latest updates. Jide Technology's support for Remix OS doesn't end on release, but patience is a virtue when it comes to getting the latest goodies.
XDA: Now that the Android-x86 project has moved onto Android 6.0 Marshmallow, how long should we expect Remix OS to incorporate the Marshmallow update?
Mr. Ko: We'll always stay in step with the direction that Android is going in and we'll be working on migrating to Android 6.0 very soon. When we have something to announce we'll definitely share it with everyone.
XDA: What new features should we expect?
Mr. Ko: We're certainly working on a few things but I'm afraid we can't spoil the surprise just yet. You'll have to wait and see!
XDA: Now that you've released Remix OS for PCs, how much support will be given to this project?
Mr. Ko: We support all of our products by making sure our resources are focused on Remix OS. It is the common thread between our products and whichever product you're using from us will reflect the development work we do on Remix OS.
Remix OS on every device sounds nice, but how does Jide plan on expanding to capture the market? The coming year will be crucial to Jide's success.
XDA: Tell me about your decision to make Remix OS free for licensing. How will you benefit from your licensing partnerships?
Mr. Ko: We're squarely focused on improving the experience our users have with Remix OS. The bigger our community of users grows, the more feedback we get, the more effective we can get at developing Remix OS. For us, it's all about growing our user community and working with key partners will only help this aim.
XDA: You recently partnered with Tecno Mobile in Africa. Do you expect most of your growth to come from emerging markets, or will you be focusing on already-established technology markets?
Mr. Ko: Our aim is to positively affect as many people as possible, and that includes helping to connect the next billion people. Whether it's through local partners like Tecno Mobile in Africa, or through well-established, global partners.
XDA: What are your plans for further growth in China?
Mr. Ko: We are based in China, so clearly it's an important market to us. We do develop a localized version of our products here for the Chinese market and work on building an engaged community here as well. Simply put, our plans in China are relatively the same as our aims in other markets: to build simple and efficient tools for the mind and grow our community one member at a time.
XDA: How will Jide tackle education? What area of the education market do you feel Remix OS can make a difference in?
Mr. Ko: Education is a huge part of how we got to where we are, and being able to bring down costs and accessibility to modern technology is how we want to give back. Making Remix OS free for licensing as well as to the end user is our way of enabling affordable, modern computing to educators and students who absolutely need it.
XDA: In the Ultratablet Kickstarter, you mentioned that you want Remix to play a role in the growing Internet of Things (IoT) market. How will Remix play a role in the IoT space?
Mr. Ko: Android's reach is growing and can be found everywhere. Communication between devices and things will continue to increase. We believe Android will play a big role in this future and we want to do our part in this exciting market.
XDA: Do you plan on selling more devices in the future, or will you shift focus entirely to licensing your OS?
Mr. Ko: We'll continue to build our own products to push the boundaries of what Android and Android PCs can be. Our partnerships help us reach a bigger audience than we could alone. Though it has its challenges, building our own devices while also working with other companies only help to make both stronger and better.
XDA: What is the biggest obstacle facing Remix OS adoption on PCs?
Mr. Ko: Our biggest obstacle is getting the word out to all the people who could stand to benefit from Remix OS. As a young company with relatively limited resources and a small brand, we need more people to just know about Remix OS and what it can do for people.
XDA: What are your company's goals for 2016?
Mr. Ko: 2016 is going to be an exciting year for us because we think Remix OS is going to get so much better and reach more and more people. We have exciting news and announcements planned and we feel good about working with our community to get Remix OS to where we want it to be.
That's all for the interview. We hope you've gained some further insight into Remix OS and Jide's future plans with the software. Perhaps you've even become interested in trying it out? If so, check out our Remix OS forums and leave a comment below about your experiences with Remix OS.
As many of you may know, there was the plan to have the European Common Lisp Meeting happen in Berlin in October 2014. I was part of the organizing team, and we've tried our best to find high-quality speakers to make the event be at least as good as the previous ECLMs.Unfortunately, and you've determined that already from the title and the previous wording, we've failed. We simply did not find enough interesting commercial projects that have not been presented on one of the previous ECLMs. As we do not want to compromise on the content, we thus have decided that there will be no ECLM this year . We hope to learn about new and exciting developments in the course of this year so that we can have an ECLM in 2015.
Are you looking for more information on the Barbarians (miniseries)? If so, you have come to the right place. Read on and I will tell you all about it.
Do you love Greco-Roman history?
Are you one of those people who enjoy epic Greco-Roman movies like 300 and Alexander?
If you do, and have access to History®, then you are in for a great treat this year because History® has commissioned an 8-part docu-drama chronicling the 700-year struggle to bring about the fall of the Roman Empire and will be airing it this year.
The name of the series?
Barbarians Rising.
Barbarians Rising is set to premier on different dates across the world.
Find the full premiere schedule in this post, and be sure not to miss this epic docu-drama about the rise of the Barbarians.
Where will you be able to watch the Barbarians (miniseries)?
You'll be able to watch Barbarians Rising anywhere in the more than 185 territories where History® airs.
You can also now buy Season 1 online.
What is Barbarians Rising about?
Barbarians Rising tells the story of the rise and fall of the Roman Empire from the perspective of the barbarian rebel leaders.
It is a visceral journey into the heart of a wave of rebellions against absolute power.
The Roman Empire called them “barbarians"—tribes the Romans viewed beyond the fringe of civilization that lived a brutish and violent existence.
However, these were also men and women who launched epic struggles that shaped the world to come.
Barbarians Rising chronicles the rise of the Barbarians.
What characters can you expect to see in Barbarians Rising?
Barbarians Rising features nine of history's greatest warriors:
Hannibal, who vowed a blood oath at the age of nine;
Spartacus, the slave-turned-rebel who led a barbarian revolt;
Boudica, the Celtic warrior Queen;
Arminius, the stolen son of Germany;
Attila, scourge of the east;
The Goths, a fierce fighting people betrayed by the empire; and
The Vandals, the wandering raiders who dealt Rome's final death blow.
These monumental tales tell the story of how one of the world's greatest empires is undone by their aggressive quest for expansion.
Who is the talent behind Barbarians Rising?
Barbarians Rising is produced for HISTORY® by October Films.
Executive producers for HISTORY® are Kristen Burns and Russ McCarroll.
Adam Bullmore is the executive producer, Simon George (HISTORY®'s World War II From Space) is executive director, and Michael Waterhouse (HISTORY®'s The Bible) is the series producer for October Films.
Barbarians Rising Premiere Dates
The Barbarians (miniseries) will premiere on different dates across the world.
Here is the full Barbarians Rising premiere schedule:
Territory Premiere Date US & Canada June 6 Southeast Asia June 7 Africa June 20 United Kingdom June 22 Romania June 26 Poland June 28 Australia & Italy July 4 Europe July 17 India July Latin America August German-speaking Germany, Austria and Switzerland September 9-12 Japan Fall 2016 Spain/Portugal Fall 2016
If this is the sort of thing you are into, then keep your eyes open for the Barbarians (miniseries) this year.
In the meantime, check out the trailer below.
Barbarians Rising Trailer
READ ALSO: HISTORY® Channel to Air a New Roots Miniseries
What are you most looking forward to learning about the rise of the Barbarians?
Which of the warriors mentioned above are you most looking forward to learning more about in Barbarians Rising?
Let me know by leaving me a comment below.
Until the next time,
Biche.
P.S. If you enjoyed this post, please share it with your friends and followers on social media. Haven't subscribed to Chick About Town yet? You can go ahead and do that here.
Photo Credit: deadline.com, PlayBuzz, The Wall Street Journal
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE:
Like this: Like Loading...
Tennessee state Sen. Mark Green, former nominee for Army secretary. GOPAC Education Fund/YouTube
On Friday, President Donald Trump's embattled Army secretary pick, Mark Green, withdrew his nomination for the position. He is the second person to remove his name from consideration for the post. Green was opposed by a growing coalition of progressive groups for his extreme positions on LGBTQ equality, Muslims, Latinos, and immigrants. He had called transgender identity “a disease,” blasted public schools that teach students about Islam, and pushed legislation to allow businesses, therapists, and teachers to discriminate against LGBTQ people with impunity.
Green, who currently serves as a Republican Tennessee state senator, was so outside the mainstream that even military officers and stalwart conservatives in Congress were leery of supporting him. Sen. John McCain called Green's past comments “very concerning” because of “a broad variety [of remarks] concerning the Muslim faith, concerning the LGBT community, [and] other issues.”
His withdrawal, then, was a victory not just for the Trump resistance but for the broader view that the 21st-century military must be led by people capable of respecting a truly multicultural fighting force.
Green may have gotten out just in time. The latest of a barrage of criticism of his past positions surfaced Thursday when reports emerged that the Tennessee state senator had opposed government support for health care because it could lead people away from God. Green, who is also a doctor, said that he views “government-based assistance [as] taking God out of the picture.” People who are “in need,” he explained, “look to the government for the answer, not God.”
Coming just one day after House Republicans voted to yank away health insurance from 24 million people, Green's withdrawal allows both the Army and the GOP to dodge a bullet. But progressives shouldn't let the country forget what President Trump and his party tried—and failed—to do.
CHATHAM — Police say they expect no charges to be laid following an investigation into a small Southwestern Ontario First Nation's powwow that was flagged in an audit demanded by angry band members.
Last summer's powwow in Leamington by the Caldwell First Nation priced out at just under $600,000, much of the spending on which wasn't backed up, the forensic audit found.
Tuesday, the OPP in Essex County said they investigated alleged financial crimes within the First Nation — two separate allegation were reported over the powwow organized by the band council.
Both the force's Leamingington OPP major crime unit and its anti-rackets branch “have concluded their investigations and charges are not anticipated,” the OPP said in a news release.
One Caldwell band member, Theresa Lewis, said she's shocked no charges have been laid.
The audit report raised a concern about 99 $50 bills that were missing from a powwow bank deposit.
If that was one of the things the OPP investigated, Lewis said answers are needed.
“I'm surprised and I'm upset by it,” she said. “Who . . . did it, unless they found the bank guilty?”
Controversy has swirled around last summer's powwow, which racked up $576,111 in expenses, including nearly $290,000 in, as the auditors put it, “unsupported” spending.
Of that, nearly $250,000 was for prize money for dance and singing/drummer competitors.
The audit was ordered as outrage erupted among some members of the band about a lack of information about the event, held to celebrate the band's $105-million federal land claim settlement in 2011.
For years landless, the Leamginton-based band is now able to assemble land for a future home.
The fallout over the powwow flared at a weekend band membership meeting to go over the audit findings by London-based Matson Driscoll & Damico Ltd. During the meeting the band council held a closed session and removed Chief Louise Hillier and Coun. Lonnie Dodge from office.
I'm surprised and I'm upset by it
Hillier and Dodge haven't been available for comment.
Lewis said she believes Hillier will be held accountable in the band for other details cited in the audit.
The actions of the two ousted council members in relation to a $190,000 untendered contract awarded to Hillier's son, David Hillier, owner of Mocassin Media, to video the two-day powwow and tell the Caldwell story, raised concerns with the auditors.
They recommended a legal opinion be sought about a potential conflict of interest with Hillier, who obtained a $60,000 bank draft for a portion of the payment for Mocassin Media, without approval from any other councillor.
Auditors also recommended a legal opinion be sought whether Dodge, who signed the contract with Mocassin Media on behalf of the Caldwell First Nation, breached his fiduciary duty by acting outside the conventions of council.
Allen Deleary, the Caldwell band's operations director, said a general election will be called in 90 days to fill the two now-vacant positions on the band council, with the election likely to be held in January.
— Chatham Daily News
Pennsylvania Enacts 4-Foot Passing Law, Nabs Violator on First Day
Currently 20 states have laws on the books requiring motorists to give cyclists a three-foot berth when passing. Pennsylvania was the latest state to join the club this week, and did so with a flourish.
The commonwealth upped the ante by enacting a four-foot passing requirement. One of the common criticisms of laws like this one is that they aren't enforced. But Pennsylvania didn't waste any time, according to this report from Richard Masoner at Network blog Cyclelicious:
Pennsylvania's 4 foot bicycle passing law went into effect on Monday this week. The law claimed it's first hapless victim on Monday afternoon, when a 17 year old driver was ticketed for failing to pass with four feet after he rear ended a cyclist on the Fahy Bridge in Bethlehem, PA. The bike was mangled in the collision and cyclist Frank Pavlick was bruised and scraped. Pavlick runs the Coalition for Appropriate Transportation's Bethlehem Bicycle Cooperative. Bicycle advocates in Bethlehem have petitioned for “Bikes May Use Full Lane” signs on the narrow lanes of the bridge since cyclist Patrick Ytsma was struck and killed last December.
The driver (who is not named in this news report) tried to leave the scene of his crime and was charged with attempting to flee. A bus driver saw the crash and maneuvered his bus to stop the driver from leaving, while another car driver parked his car behind the criminal scofflaw to prevent him from backing out.
Nice to read about a cyclist getting justice for a change. Great job to all the people who had a hand in making this happen in PA!
Elsewhere on the Network today: How We Drive searches for truth in the “waiting in traffic to get to the gym” meme. Alex Block reports that, in a major new trend, sprawling suburbs are becoming dominated by renters. And Transport Nexus notes that even disasters like the I-35 bridge collapse in Minneapolis and the levee breach in New Orleans don't seem to be inspiring America to repair its infrastructure.
NEAR ABRAM — A U.S. Border Patrol agent apparently committed suicide after kidnapping and assaulting an immigrant family that illegally crossed the border Wednesday evening, investigators said.
Border Patrol agent Esteban Manzanares, 32, sexually assaulted and slashed a woman, her 14-year-old daughter and another 14-year-old girl with a knife Wednesday afternoon, leaving the mother and one daughter behind before he took the other teen with him, three law enforcement officials unauthorized to speak to the media confirmed.
Manzanares' ex-wife, Susana, said she had just learned of Esteban's suicide from an FBI agent.
"I didn't know anything, just that he killed himself," she said. "That's the only thing that they told me.
The FBI and U.S. Customs and Border Protection have made brief statements Thursday acknowledging the agent's death and that the three victims were kidnapped, but have provided few details about what actually happened and have not said whether a motive has been identified in the case.
The FBI confirmed an active investigation into the kidnapping and assault of three unauthorized immigrants, saying a Border Patrol agent is the focus of the probe and that his body was found in his residence. The agency is working with Homeland Security Investigations, Mission police and the Hidalgo County Sheriff's Office.
In its statement, CBP said it was working a “search and recovery operation following the encountering of an injured adult female during regular CBP operations who provided information that she and two other females had been assaulted by a male subject.”
Law enforcement officers working and briefed on the case described a grisly series of events that led to the agent's suicide early Thursday morning.
The agent encountered the group Wednesday afternoon near Abram in a brushy area not far from the Rio Grande, where he raped the woman and then slashed her wrists, an investigator familiar with the case said.
Soon after and while still in the general area, the agent raped the woman's 14-year-old daughter and tried to break her neck, causing her to pass out, the official said.
The agent then took the other 14-year-old girl and drove her to his apartment on the 4300 block of South Shary Road, where he tied her up and stuffed a sock in her mouth so she could not cry for help.
The agent then went back to work to finish his shift. Afterward, just before midnight Thursday, he went home and sexually assaulted the girl, two law enforcement officials confirmed.
The woman, who is believed to have been an unauthorized immigrant from Honduras, told authorities that the man that had taken her girl was wearing a green uniform — Border Patrol's color, one of the law enforcement officials said.
Shortly after, agents found the second victim and searched for the third one.
When authorities arrived at the agent's apartment just before midnight, they heard a gunshot and waited for a Mission Police SWAT team to enter into the building, two law enforcement officials said.
“Overnight, the Mission Police Department entered into the personal residence of a Border Patrol agent after further information was obtained. Upon entry, Mission PD Department, together with CBP and other law enforcement entities, found the agent deceased and discovered the third female,” the agency said in their prepared statement
Hidalgo County Sheriff Lupe Treviño said the FBI is leading the investigation into the events, with his office providing assistance.
Treviño said his crime scene investigators were working the scene, but that he would not comment on the details of their work or the case itself.
“We will continue to work to ensure that incidents like this to not occur in the future,” the CBP statement reads. “CBP takes this incident extremely seriously and we are fully cooperating with the investigation. CBP holds its employees to the highest ethical standards. We stand ready to take any additional action necessary, pending the investigation.”
Fans of dungeon crawling roguelikes, especially those with a retro vibe, have another release to look forward to on both the Wii U and 3DS eShop. Quest of Dungeons is the work of Upfall Studios, with the developer confirming to us that it's now in development in-house for both of Nintendo's current-gen systems.
Previously released on PC / Mac / Linux and Xbox One, this one has the choice of four character classes, with the key challenge being to tackle randomly generated dungeons, accumulate loot and then boost your abilities. The following description is from its Steam (PC) page.
By playing as either a Warrior, a Wizard, a Assassin or a Shaman you have to traverse dungeons, defeat enemies and loot everything you can in order to survive. You can learn new skills in Tomes you find along the way and buy/sell items at shops.
The entire game is procedural so you won't find items/enemies in the same place each time you play.
Features
Procedural dungeons
Procedural weapons
Boss encounters
Quests
3 Difficulty levels
Permadeath - Once you die, game over man, game over!
Shop - buy and sell items/weapons
Leaderboards - compare your Adventure points with the community
There's no estimated release date yet, but the man behind Upfall Studios - David Amador - has provided some concept screenshots; these are shots of the relevant versions running (albeit imposed onto hardware templates) so give you an idea of how it'll look.
Below is the Xbox One trailer from its release last year. Is this a project you'll be following closely for Wii U and 3DS?
Image credit: Getty Images
An ancient stone temple in Guatemala suffered significant damage from "end of the word" party goers earlier this month.
Tikal, where the temple is located, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and, according to AFP, "the largest archaeological site and urban center of the Mayan civilization."
"Sadly, many tourists climbed Temple II and caused damage," said Osvaldo Gomez, a technical adviser at the site told AFP. It is forbidden to climb the temples. The nature of the damage was not described, but Gomez said it's "irreparable."
RELATED: The Best End of the World Memes
Friday, Dec 21 was believed by some to be the end of the world, coinciding with the end of the Mayan calendar. More than 7,000 people visited the Tikal site on that day, said the AFP. Mayan priests held ceremonies at the site.
"We are fine with the celebration, but (the tourists) should be more aware because this is a (UNESCO) World Heritage Site," Gomez reportedly told local media.
The site is about 340 miles north of Guatemala City.
The end of the Mayan calendar was anticipated around the world. Click here to see photos of how people from Spain to Mexico to Honduras to China awaited the end of the world event that never happened.
Bourbon hotel theft suspect 101815.jpg
New Orleans police on Tuesday released a photo of a woman known as "Holly," and said she is suspected of taking $10,000 worth of watches and $800 in cash from a man's room Sunday (Oct. 18) inside the Bourbon Orleans Hotel.
(NOPD photo)
It's a somewhat familiar tale in New Orleans' French Quarter: Boy meets girl; boy takes girl to hotel room; boy wakes up to find girl gone -- along with his valuables.
New Orleans police on Tuesday released a photo of one such girl, and said she is suspected of taking $10,000 worth of watches and $800 in cash from a man's room Sunday (Oct. 18) inside the Bourbon Orleans Hotel.
The man told investigators that the woman told him her name was "Holly," police said in a news release. He took her back to his room at the hotel, 717 Orleans St., and woke up at 5 a.m. to find "Holly" gone.
He also noticed that his $8,000 Rolex watch, his $2,000 Tag Heur watch and $800 in cash were also missing, police said.
The case is similar to another incident this past summer in which a man told police he met a woman named "Ashley" in the French Quarter, and invited her to his apartment for a drink. He told police she probably put something in his drink, because he passed out and awoke later to find "Ashley" gone and his gold Rolex missing.
NOPD later identified "Ashley" as 32-year-old Jodi Lynn Parker, though it was not immediately know Tuesday whether she was ever arrested.
Anyone with information about "Holly" should contact NOPD 8th District detectives at 504-658-6080, or Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111.
When we got our first look at Jared Leto 's Joker a few weeks ago, the internet was torn asunder by rabid conversation. The bulk of the dialogue was about those tattoos and whether or not Batman's arch-nemesis would ever get inked in the first place. Truth be told, it is hard to imagine a psychotic clown villain chilling in a Gotham City tattoo parlor for a few hours while he gets “Disturbed” inked on his skin. However, a newly leaked image reveals a potential origin for those tattoos and gives us another look at Margot Robbie 's Harley Quinn.
As you can see in the image below, the ever-loyal Harley is wielding a tattoo gun and putting the finishing touches on her crazy boyfriend's latest piece of body art:
Well, that certainly makes sense. If the new Joker is going to have a bunch of tattoos (and he does, so let's start getting over that right now), of course his dedicated, total lunatic of a love interest would be the one who inks them. It's easy to imagine those two hiding out in some secret lair, with her touching up the latest tattoo while he plans his next crusade against Batman.
This looks to be an unused outtake from the original photo shoot that spawned that first Joker photo. Though, until we see an official version of this image, we have to take it with a grain of salt. This could be a very well-executed fake. However, this look at Harley certainly aligns with all of those set photos that have been arriving over the past few days, so take from that what you will.
The Joker and Harley Quinn will make their debut in Suicide Squad , which is set to arrive on August 6, 2016.
Check Out 100 Movie Facts You Might Not Know
The bridge springs from the headstones of a forsaken graveyard, dumped unceremoniously into the Delaware River. The sunken stones at the base of the bridge came from Monument Cemetery, once located two miles from City Hall. Monument Cemetery, established in 1839, was the second Victorian garden style cemetery in Philadelphia, after Laurel Hill, now a protected historic landmark. Monument was modeled after the Pere Lachaise in Paris, and was created to function both as a final resting place for the dead as well as a green respite from the surrounding urban environment.
The Betsy Ross Bridge in Philadelphia seems like any other. It doesn't have the grace of the Golden Gate or the history of the Brooklyn Bridge, nor does it draw any acolytes wanting to make the trek across. The structure exists primarily to move people, and this it does well, helping connect Pennsylvania to New Jersey. Most commuters, however, are surely unaware of what the bridge's foundation is actually built on: a cemetery.
Photo credit: K. Scott Kreider
By the 1950s, the cemetery had fallen into disrepair. Buried on the grounds were 28,000 bodies filling the plots to capacity. With no new burials since the late 1920's, the cemetery owners had barely enough money for routine maintenance. According to some interests in the neighborhood, the land had become an attractive place for thieves and degenerates to congregate. But it would be the rise of the automobile and real estate values, and, more specifically, a land grab by neighboring Temple University that was to seal the cemetery's fate.
Photo credit: K. Scott Kreider
Looking to expand and for ways to attract commuter students, Temple saw opportunity to mold the disheveled graveyard into what it really needed, namely, a parking lot. The university tried repeatedly to purchase the land from the owners but was repeatedly rebuffed; apparently the price offered was too low. As a solution, Temple appealed to the City to condemn the cemetery, which it did, and in 1956 the University became the owner of 15 acres with 28,000 dead bodies interred there. A notice was sent out to families and other interested parties that the cemetery was going to be moved. Only around 8,000 bodies were claimed, the rest were dumped into an unmarked grave in Lawnview Cemetery in Northeast Philadelphia.
Less problematic for the University was the removal of the headstones. At the time the Betsy Ross Bridge was under construction and needed limestone and granite for use in the foundation and riprap. The University saw a happy coincidence and sold the headstones to the contractor in charge of the project as rubble to be used for those purposes. Thousands of headstones were discarded into the Delaware, as rubble from a demolition. Today, at low tide, some of the headstones are still visible, no longer a testament to a person beneath, but to the uniquely American habit of turning anything, paradise or cemetery, into a parking lot.
Photo credit: K. Scott Kreider
This post originally appeared on Architizer, an Atlantic partner site.
by James Corbett
TheInternationalForecaster.com
January 27, 2016
HSBC is the world's fourth largest bank by assets and a sanctions busting, money laundering bank for terrorists and drug dealers, so it should be no surprise that they have just hired unconvicted war criminal Henry Kissinger to help advise them on fleeing the UK.
You see, HSBC isn't happy with the current banking environment in the UK. After “suffering” through the outrageous wrist slap of its drug money laundering settlement (equivalent to five weeks of income for the bank), HSBC began a temper tantrum over the UK's bank levy, a bank tax that was instituted in 2011. Accordingly, last summer the UK government started the phase out of the levy exactly as requested, but added a surcharge on bank profits. This is evidently too much for the banksters, who are now threatening to move their racket to Canada or maybe Hong Kong or somewhere else entirely.
So it's only logical for them to turn to Heinz Kissinger, a man who has run from investigators in France, Spain, Chile and Argentina to help advise them on how to flee the country. (Ig)Nobel Peace Prize winner Kissinger is notorious for the war crimes he committed during his tenure as Secretary of State and National Security Advisor under Nixon and Ford. During that time he participated in Operation Condor, drafted a plan for food control genocide, orchestrated the 1973 oil crisis, illegally bombed Cambodia, neo-colonized China and generally acted as a good minion for the New World Order he's constantly pimping. After all, who else would better understand how to help the HSBC banksters escape the suggestion that they might face the tiniest of consequences for their crimes?
Sadly for the people of the UK, HSBC's threats to move may just be a bargaining strategy they're using to wring yet more concessions out of the British government. They are expected to come to a decision early this year and have reportedly brought in other international advisers along with Kissinger to discuss the potential geopolitical ramifications of such a move.
Whatever the case, the situation is best summed up by former Corbett Report guest Derrick Broze of The Conscious Resistance:
“Without a doubt Henry Kissinger and the decision makers at HSBC are responsible for a number of horrible atrocities around the world. This partnership in hell cannot signal anything positive for the free people of Earth. It's time for the free hearts and minds of the world to confront Kissinger, HSBC executives, and all the people in positions of “authority” who are seeking to control our lives. Let them know we are here, they are not welcome, and freedom is coming.”
Filed in: Articles
Sometimes you just have to be in the right place at the right time. One of our readers, friends and the organizer of WusteFest, Brandon Chasin was out doing a site visit at Las Vegas Speedway yesterday and spotted two Golf 7 GTI's. While Volkswagen has shown them in concept form already, the actual production models won't be officially unveiled till the Geneva Auto Show next month. Brandon asked the film crews what they were doing and was told they were filming a commercial for Volkswagen in Germany and that it is being directed by Paul W.S. Anderson, the director of Death Race.
As you can see in the photos, the production cars are virtually identical to the concept version. We are assuming the GTI without the license plate is being used as a camera vehicle (the GTI badges on the sides are also removed). In Germany there will be two primary versions, one with 210hp and one with the 230hp. The 230hp version also includes an all-new electronically controlled mechanical locking differential. Torque is also up a whopping 52 lbs-ft. more at 258 lbs-ft. Combined with upwards of 200lbs weight reduction, the new GTI should have surprisingly strong performance against recent competitors like the Ford Focus ST. What is a bit of a head-scratcher is that the existing Mk6 GTI is only .3 of a second slower 0-60mph (according to Car and Driver testing) than the Ford Focus ST despite the GTI having 52hp less. With the Mk7 GTI having even less weight and more power it should perform very well against competitors.
We'll have official photos of the new GTI in the upcoming weeks as well as a first drive report of the Mk7 GTI sometime in late April.
Brandon's website can be found at www.getyourvw.com and information on this year's WusteFest can be found at www.wuste.com
Click the photos below for larger versions…
CARACAS (Reuters) - Car-friendly Venezuela, where gasoline is almost free and troublesome highway rules rarely imposed, has suspended a bus driver from the roads for a year in the first case of a suspended license in the OPEC nation.
Police stopped Ramon Parra, 41, for driving at excessive speed in a large, overladen passenger bus that was missing one of its rear wheels.
The bus was packed with more passengers than legally permitted and one of its six wheels was wedged in an aisle inside, national police chief Luis Fernandez told reporters.
“It is important to emphasize that this is a totally new act; for the first time in Venezuela we are suspending a driving license, for 12 consecutive months,” Fernandez said.
South America's top oil producer places a strong emphasis on the rights of drivers. Gas costs about 12 cents a U.S. gallon and prices have not been raised in years, meaning it is economical to operate gas-guzzling sport utility vehicles and 1970s muscle cars like Ford Mustangs.
Testing of drunk drivers is virtually unknown, and traveling on pot-holed interstate highways is a hair-raising experience, as automobiles, buses and trucks weave in and out of lanes at speeds up to 100 miles an hour.
One Caracas mayor attempted to cut crippling traffic jams by preventing car owners from driving one day a week, a policy that has been successful in other Latin American cities. The plan was overturned in the courts for violating citizens' rights of free transit.
The first law allowing authorities to suspend drivers' licenses was introduced in 2008 but had not been used until now, Fernandez said. The maximum suspension is for five years, for killing someone.
To win the European Cup, latterly the Champions League , is something that brings a comprehensive enhancement of status, changes the way a club is perceived, and how it perceives itself.
You can spend as much money as you want, have as big a fan base as possible, but until you have won this most prestigious of trophies, you are not truly a member of football's aristocracy.
By winning in Munich, Chelsea would become the 22nd member of club football's most exclusive club. For Roberto di Matteo, it is the biggest game of his career as player and coach, and an opportunity to add his own name to the list of coaches who have won this trophy.
“In European club football it's the biggest trophy,” he said.“It is second only to the World Cup. It certainly adds to the image of the club if you win a European Cup. It's the biggest trophy you can win, as a club footballer. To be able to join an elite group of clubs, that would mean a lot to us.”
Di Matteo also watched the final in 2008, when Chelsea were beaten by Manchester United on penalties in Moscow. For Petr Cech, Ashley Cole, Michael Essien, Didier Drogba, Florent Malouda and Frank Lampard, all of whom started that night, this is a second chance to make history.
If Chelsea is in pursuit of a long-term legacy, the short term consequences will also be intriguing. Victory would have a contradictory effect on their recruitment of a new manager.
As European champions it would be much easier to lure a big name coach and the best players. Defeat would leave the club with the loss of a hugely valuable income stream.
Yet if Chelsea won, surely Roberto di Matteo would be given a chance to show that they do not need a big name coach, that he is capable of sustaining the success of these last two months into next season.
The challenges of taking the team into a fresh campaign are more complicated and demanding but Di Matteo has clearly won over the disenchanted sections of the Chelsea dressing room.
Under Di Matteo, Lampard and Drogba have flourished. In the absence of John Terry the leadership and experience of that pair will be essential in the raucous atmosphere of the Allianz Arena.
Others, like Jose Bosingwa and Salomon Kalou, were thought to be finished at Stamford Bridge but have exceeded expectations under the new manager and will have key roles to play on Saturday.
Perhaps the most radical transformation under Di Matteo has been that of John Obi Mikel. The Nigerian holding midfielder has often been a source of frustration to Chelsea fans and back in November, after his mistake gifted Liverpool a goal in home defeat, Andre Villas-Boas also lost patience with him.
He only started two of the next 22 games. His Chelsea career appeared to be going only one way.
“From the start of this season I was one of the key players in the team,” he said. “There were a few rotations early on and it was difficult. You think you play a game well and the manager then brings you out. You don't know the reason why. Things like this went on through everyone's head, not just me. Nobody knew what was happening.
“You come into training and think 'should I train well?' because I don't know if I'm going to be playing at the weekend. Things like that just went on and on but now we are more stable and have a manager that understands the game. He's played the game and speaks to everyone exactly the same. That's why all of us feel together.”
Di Matteo brought Mikel into the team for his first game in charge, against Birmingham, and he has been a key component of Chelsea's strong finish to the season.
Mikel's role is crucial: he must screen the Chelsea back four from Bayern's dangerous forward players. He must be hyper-aware of the way Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery cut in from the flanks and how Thomas Muller attacks the penalty area from midfield.
How to cope with Bayern's fast-interchanging attacking play will be one of the things Di Matteo drills into his players at Cobham this week.
The Italian attended the German Cup final to scout Bayern on Saturday night and will be in the unusual position of having a clear week to prepare his players.
Sunday afternoon's game against Blackburn will be his 20th game since taking charge at the beginning of March, a schedule of unremitting intensity.
It is on the fields of Cobham that the suspended quartet - Terry, Ramires, Raul Meireles and Branislav Ivanovic - can make their contribution. Di Matteo sees them playing an important role in the preparations.
“They'll be there supporting and pushing their team-mates, driving them,” he said.
The Chelsea dressing room did not always appear the most harmonious of places in the first half of the season but the strong bonds of team spirit have clearly been forged in this season's heroic run to Munich.
Again, Mikel is interesting on this subject, explaining how the players decided amongst themselves that they needed to rescue something in the aftermath of Villas-Boas' sacking.
“Straight after [the sacking] the senior players in the team had a chat: we had to improve our game, had to make sure we get something out of this season.
“This is how we are now, one week away from the greatest win ever for this club and we want to make history for this club and be legends for this club. It is the biggest game of our life.” For Mikel, for Di Matteo and for Chelsea.
BALTIMORE (CN) – Baltimore police beat up a woman and smashed her camera for filming them beating up a man, telling her: “You want to film something bitch? Film this!” the woman claims in court.
Makia Smith sued the Baltimore Police Department, Police Commissioner Anthony Batts and police Officers Nathan Church, William Pilkerton, Jr., Nathan Ulmer and Kenneth Campbell in Federal Court.
Smith claims she was stuck in stand-still rush hour traffic in northern Baltimore when she saw the defendant officers beating up and arresting a young man.
She says pulled out her camera, stood on her car's door sill and filmed the beating.
“Officer Church saw plaintiff filming the beating and ran at her,” the complaint states. “He scared her and she sat back in her vehicle. As he ran at her, he yelled, ‘You want to film something bitch? Film this!'
“Officer Church reached into plaintiff's car and grabbed her telephone-camera out of her hand, threw it to the ground and destroyed it by smashing it with his foot.
“Officer Church pulled plaintiff out of her car by her hair and beat her. Officers Pilkerton, Ulmer, and Campbell then ran to plaintiff's car and joined Officer Church in beating plaintiff and arrested her using excessive force. At all times described herein, plaintiff's two year old daughter witnessed her mother's beating and arrest by the Officers, as did others.”
Smith claims the cops taunted her and threatened to take her daughter away. She says they refused to call her mother to her toddler.
“The officers, despite the pleas of plaintiff, refused to call plaintiff's mother. Instead, the officers tormented plaintiff by telling her that her daughter would be taken from her and sent to Social Services. Seeing plaintiff's distressful reaction to these tormenting threats, they continued,” the complaint states.
Smith says claims she was arrested and taken to jail on bogus charges that she assaulted Church and resisted arrest.
She claims Church failed to appear for her trial – twice, and prosecutors dropped the charges, but she had to hire a lawyer and spend more money recovering her impounded car.
She claims Baltimore police have a history of illegally seizing and destroying recording devices.
She seeks $1.5 million in compensatory and punitive damages for civil rights violations, conversion and infliction of emotional distress.
She is represented by Christopher Lyon, with Astrachan Gunst Thomas.
Police departments around the country have been accused of similar responses to citizens filming them abusing other people.
Like this: Like Loading...
Surprise! Okay, so it's probably not that surprising to any observer with at least an ounce of intellectual honesty. If you hadn't already heard, let me be the one who breaks the news to you.
On Friday, the media began reporting that the Obama administration had narrowed their list of Supreme Court nominees to five federal judges. That the President was planning on pushing forward with his plan to nominate a Justice to replace the recently passed Antonin Scalia was no surprise; what was surprising was the fact that the Obama team would be so nakedly corrupt. Where is the corruption you ask?
Well, apparently, 4 out of the 5 judges being considered are… Obama donors!
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
From the Washington Free Beacon:
The five federal judges who will be interviewed by the White House for the nomination are federal judges Sri Srinivasan (who has donated $4,250 to Obama), Jane Kelly ($1,500 to Obama), Paul Watford ($1,000 to Obama), Ketanji Brown Jackson ($450 to Obama), and Merrick Garland, who has not donated to Obama. None of the judges are major political donors and the contributions made to Obama account for the majority of each judge's political giving. The donation from Jackson is the only federal political contribution she made that was large enough to be included in election filings. Jackson's contribution could be explained by the fact that she worked as a lawyer for Obama's 2008 campaign. On her official questionnaire filed with the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee she disclosed that she “was an election poll monitor for both the primary and general elections on behalf of Lawyers for Change, Obama for America Presidential Campaign.”
Imagine, if you will, that President Obama was a Republican seeking to ram a Supreme Court Justice through in the final months of his presidency. Would the media sit idly by and allow him to only vet possible nominees who were so blatantly biased towards his own political philosophy? No, if Obama were a Republican, the media would be howling at the injustice of it all. However, since Obama is not a Republican but the most liberal Democrat to ever serve as President, the media has chosen to be silent on this travesty of justice (literally).
As disappointed as I am, I'm not at all surprised as liberal corruption and media silence have become par for the course in America these days.
Article reposted with permission by Eagle Rising.
Thornton Niven Wilder (April 17, 1897 – December 7, 1975) was an American playwright and novelist. He won three Pulitzer Prizes—for the novel The Bridge of San Luis Rey, and for the plays Our Town and The Skin of Our Teeth — and a U.S. National Book Award for the novel The Eighth Day.
Early years [ edit ]
Thornton Wilder with his two sisters and their father Amos at family cottage in Maple Bluff, Wisconsin (1900)
Wilder was born in Madison, Wisconsin, the son of Amos Parker Wilder, a newspaper editor[1] and U.S. diplomat, and Isabella Thornton Niven. All of the Wilder children spent part of their childhood in China. His older brother, Amos Niven Wilder, became Hollis Professor of Divinity at the Harvard Divinity School, was a noted poet, and was instrumental in developing the field of theopoetics. His sister, Isabel, was an accomplished writer. Both of his other sisters, Charlotte Wilder, a poet, and Janet Wilder Dakin, a zoologist, attended Mount Holyoke College.[2]
Education [ edit ]
Wilder began writing plays while at The Thacher School in Ojai, California, where he did not fit in and was teased by classmates as overly intellectual. According to a classmate, "We left him alone, just left him alone. And he would retire at the library, his hideaway, learning to distance himself from humiliation and indifference." His family lived for a time in China, where his sister Janet was born in 1910. He attended the English China Inland Mission Chefoo School at Yantai but returned with his mother and siblings to California in 1912 because of the unstable political conditions in China at the time.[3] Thornton also attended Creekside Middle School in Berkeley, and graduated from Berkeley High School in 1915.[4]
After having served a three-month enlistment in the Army's Coast Artillery Corps at Fort Adams, Rhode Island, in World War I (rising to the rank of corporal), he attended Oberlin College before earning his Bachelor of Arts degree at Yale University in 1920, where he refined his writing skills as a member of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity, a literary society. He earned his Master of Arts degree in French literature from Princeton University in 1926.[5]
Career [ edit ]
After graduating, Wilder studied archaeology and Italian in Rome (1920–21), and then taught French at the Lawrenceville School in Lawrenceville, New Jersey beginning in 1921.[6] His first novel, The Cabala, was published in 1926. In 1927, The Bridge of San Luis Rey brought him commercial success, and his first Pulitzer Prize (1928).[7] He resigned from the Lawrenceville School in 1928. From 1930 to 1937 he taught at the University of Chicago, during which time he published his translation of André Obey's own adaptation of the tale, "Le Viol de Lucrece" (1931) under the title "Lucrece" (Longmans Green, 1933).[8] In 1938 he won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for his play Our Town, and he won the prize again in 1943 for his play The Skin of Our Teeth.[9]
World War II saw him rise to the rank of lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army Air Force Intelligence, first in Africa, then in Italy until 1945. He received several awards for his military service.[fn 1] He went on to be a visiting professor at Harvard University, where he served for a year as the Charles Eliot Norton professor. Though he considered himself a teacher first and a writer second, he continued to write all his life, receiving the Peace Prize of the German Book Trade in 1957 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1963. In 1968 he won the National Book Award for his novel The Eighth Day.[10]
Being proficient in four languages,[6] Wilder translated plays by André Obey and Jean-Paul Sartre, and wrote the libretti to two operas, The Long Christmas Dinner, composed by Paul Hindemith, and The Alcestiad, composed by Louise Talma and based on his own play. Also, Alfred Hitchcock, whom he admired, asked him to write the screenplay to his thriller, Shadow of a Doubt.[11] He completed the first draft of the screenplay for Hitchcock.[6]
The Bridge of San Luis Rey (1927) tells the story of several unrelated people who happen to be on a bridge in Peru when it collapses, killing them. Philosophically, the book explores the question of why unfortunate events occur to people who seem "innocent" or "undeserving". It won the Pulitzer Prize[1] in 1928, and in 1998 it was selected by the editorial board of the American Modern Library as one of the 100 best novels of the twentieth century. The book was quoted by British Prime Minister Tony Blair during the memorial service for victims of the September 11 attacks in 2001.[12] Since then its popularity has grown enormously. The book is the progenitor of the modern disaster epic in literature and film-making, where a single disaster intertwines the victims, whose lives are then explored by means of flashbacks to events before the disaster.[citation needed]
Wilder wrote Our Town, a popular play (and later film) set in fictional Grover's Corners, New Hampshire. It was inspired by his friend Gertrude Stein's novel The Making of Americans, and many elements of Stein's modernist style can be found in the play. Wilder suffered from writer's block while writing the final act. Our Town employs a choric narrator called the Stage Manager and a minimalist set to underscore the human experience. Wilder played the Stage Manager on Broadway for two weeks and later in summer stock productions. Following the daily lives of the Gibbs and Webb families, as well as the other inhabitants of Grover's Corners, the play illustrates the importance of the universality of the simple, yet meaningful lives of all people in the world in order to demonstrate the value of appreciating life. The play won the 1938 Pulitzer Prize.[13]
The Skin of Our Teeth, 1948 Wilder than Mr. Antrobus in, 1948
In 1938, Max Reinhardt directed a Broadway production of The Merchant of Yonkers, which Wilder had adapted from Austrian playwright Johann Nestroy's Einen Jux will er sich machen (1842). It was a failure, closing after 39 performances.[14]
His play The Skin of Our Teeth opened in New York on November 18, 1942, featuring Fredric March and Tallulah Bankhead. Again, the themes are familiar – the timeless human condition; history as progressive, cyclical, or entropic; literature, philosophy, and religion as the touchstones of civilization. Three acts dramatize the travails of the Antrobus family, allegorizing the alternate history of mankind. It was claimed by Joseph Campbell and Henry Morton Robinson, authors of A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake, that much of the play was the result of unacknowledged borrowing from James Joyce's last work.[fn 2][15]
In his novel, The Ides of March (1948), dedicated to an anti-fascist Italian writer, Lauro De Bosis, Wilder reflected on parallels between Benito Mussolini and Julius Caesar. He had met Jean-Paul Sartre on a U.S. lecture tour after the war, and was under the influence of existentialism, although rejecting its atheist implications.[16]
In 1954, Tyrone Guthrie encouraged Wilder to rework The Merchant of Yonkers into The Matchmaker. This time the play opened in 1955 and enjoyed a healthy Broadway run of 486 performances with Ruth Gordon in the title role, winning a Tony Award for Guthrie, its director. It became the basis for the hit 1964 musical Hello, Dolly!, with a book by Michael Stewart and score by Jerry Herman.[17]
In 1962 and 1963, Wilder lived twenty months in the small town of Douglas, Arizona, apart from family and friends. There he started his longest novel, The Eighth Day, which went on to win the National Book Award.[10] According to Harold Augenbraum in 2009, it "attack[ed] the big questions head on, ... [embedded] in the story of small-town America".[18]
His last novel, Theophilus North, was published in 1973, and made into the film Mr. North in 1988.[19]
The Library of America republished all of Wilder's plays in 2007, together with some of his writings on the theater and the screenplay of Shadow of a Doubt.[20] In 2009, a second volume was released, containing his first five novels, six early stories, and four essays on fiction.[21] Finally, the third and final volume in the Library of America series on Wilder was released in 2011, containing his last two novels The Eighth Day and Theophilus North, as well as four autobiographical sketches.[22]
Personal life [ edit ]
Although Wilder never discussed being homosexual publicly or in his writings, Samuel Steward wrote in his autobiography that he had sexual relations with him.[23][24] Wilder was introduced to Steward by Gertrude Stein, who at the time regularly corresponded with both of them. The third act of Our Town was allegedly drafted after a long walk, during a brief affair with Steward in Zürich, Switzerland.[25]
In Penelope Niven's biography, Thornton Wilder: A Life, she provides considerable epistolary evidence that the third act of "Our Town" was not written in response to any walk, conversation or affair with Samuel Steward but was begun before Wilder ever met Steward and was not finished until several months afterward. Niven also raises doubts about Steward's uncorroborated and unsubstantiated claims of having been Wilder's lover.[26]
Wilder had a wide circle of friends,[1] including writers Ernest Hemingway and Willa Cather, pianist and harpsichordist Gavin Williamson, actor Montgomery Clift and industrialist Russel Wright.[citation needed]
Death [ edit ]
From the earnings of The Bridge of San Luis Rey, in 1930 Wilder built a house for his family in Hamden, Connecticut. His sister Isabel lived there for the rest of her life. This became his home base, although he traveled extensively and lived away for significant periods. He died in that house on December 7, 1975, of heart failure.[6] He was interred at Mount Carmel Cemetery, Hamden, Connecticut.[27]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Plays [ edit ]
Films [ edit ]
Novels [ edit ]
Collections [ edit ]
Wilder, Thornton (2007). McClatchy, J. D., ed. Thornton Wilder, Collected Plays and Writings on Theater . Library of America. 172 . New York: Library of America. ISBN 978-1-59853-003-2.
Wilder, Thornton (2009). McClatchy, J. D., ed. Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey and Other Novels 1926–1948 . Library of America. 194 . New York: Library of America. ISBN 978-1-59853-045-2.
Wilder, Thornton (2011). McClatchy, J. D., ed. Thornton Wilder, The Eighth Day, Theophilus North, Autobiographical Writings. Library of America. 222. New York: Library of America. ISBN 978-1-59853-146-6.
Further reading [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Microsoft is closing the London office that was home to part of its Skype development, causing the loss of 220 jobs. A further 300 people are losing their jobs in Redmond as Microsoft makes cuts that were previously announced in July. In a statement, the company said:
Microsoft is consolidating offices across London, moving employees to Microsoft's new office at Paddington. As part of this effort, Microsoft reviewed some London-based roles and made the decision to unify some engineering positions, potentially putting at risk a number of globally focused Skype and Yammer roles. We are deeply committed to doing everything we can to help those impacted through this process. Microsoft will be entering into a consultation process and offer new opportunities, where possible.
Sources close to the matter tell us that another factor may have been influential in the decision to shut down the London Skype office. Currently, the company has the traditional Windows desktop app; the new Universal Windows Platform app for Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile, Xbox, and Skype; the Skype Web client; and a Web-based standalone app for Linux (which apparently has internal builds that run on Windows, too). Skype also has mobile apps for iOS and Android in addition to a macOS client.
This is an excessive number of clients, and what we're hearing is that Microsoft's solution is to develop yet another client, codenamed "Skype for Life." This one client will be cross-platform, covering not just Windows but Linux, macOS, iOS, and Android, built using JavaScript and the React framework.
The new client, along with Skype for Business (formerly Lync) and the new Slack-like Skype Teams feature that's being developed, is being built at the company's headquarters in Redmond. With this client being the primary focus, other clients are moving into maintenance mode, making the teams that build them, including many of Skype's London staff, redundant.
Moving Skype development to the US also demonstrates Microsoft's continued change of attitude toward Skype. When Microsoft bought Skype for $8.5 billion in 2011, the company said that it would run the communications firm as its own independent division, leaving Skype management substantially in place. The intent was to avoid a painful and destructive integration effort of the kind that destroyed smartphone company Danger. That approach has now been fully reversed, with major development now occurring stateside. A former employee told the Financial Times that "one of the things that was always a big issue for Microsoft was that big decisions at Skype would usually always be made in Europe, not in Redmond. Now, it's a Microsoft-led company rather than an independent Skype."
French scientists say it might be Europe's best set of dinosaur tracks
French fossil hunters have discovered huge dinosaur footprints, said to be among the biggest in the world.
The footprints were made about 150 million years ago by sauropods - long-necked herbivores - in chalky sediment in the Jura plateau of eastern France.
The depressions are about 1.5m (4.9ft) wide, corresponding to animals that were more than 25m long and weighed about 30 tonnes.
French experts say the find at Plagne, near Switzerland, is "exceptional".
"The tracks formed by the footprints extend over dozens, even hundreds, of metres," the National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) said.
The 30-tonne dinosaurs may have looked like this
"Further digs will be carried out in the coming years and they may reveal that the site at Plagne is one of the biggest of its kind in the world."
The footprints, from the Upper Jurassic era, were found in April this year by a pair of amateur fossil hunters, but have only now been authenticated by scientists.
Another layer of sediment, now rock-hard, had preserved the footprints. They were revealed when local tree-felling exposed the earth underneath, French media report.
The region was near a shallow, warm sea at the time the sauropods lived there.
You're going to get Xenoblade Chronicles X at Best Buy anyway. Why not get $10 in free e-Pizza cash, too?
Attention: Game night is now on. If it sounds too good to be true, don't worry, it's not.
Here's how to make it happen.
1. Pre-order Xenoblade Chronicles X for Wii U (excluding Collector's Edition) by Dec. 3, 2015. Make sure to purchase it by Dec. 10. Limit one pre-order per person. Limited quantities and no rain checks.
2. One code for $10 in e-Pizza cash per game will be provided and must be entered at XCXPizzaCash.com by Jan. 14, 2016, to receive a virtual prepaid MasterCard valid for $10 toward purchasing pizza.
4. Cards are valid through Jan. 31 anywhere MasterCard is accepted. Cards are not reloadable or redeemable for cash and aren't for resale. No cash back will be given, and any remaining balance after the redemption period are forfeited.
Deal with the Bandits
Required Yes Start Talk to Eramir Objective Kill or side with the bandits. Completion Talk to Eramir Boss Kraityn
Alira
Oak
Key Item Kraityn's Amulet Kraityn's Amulet While this artefact resonates with power,
it is simply a piece in a larger puzzle.
Alira's Amulet Alira's Amulet Segregated by treachery, this artefact
longs to be reunited with her sisters.
Oak's Amulet Oak's Amulet A relic of a sundered relationship,
it awaits reconciliation with its kin.
Walkthrough
This quest is given to you by Eramir in the Forest Encampment after you complete Through Sacred Ground or talk with any of the bandit leaders. There are three different bandit leaders. You can either side with one of them (and kill the other two) to get the respective reward or you can kill all of them to get the reward from Eramir.
Whether you've sided with one of the bandit lords or killed them all, completion of this quest will provide you with the quest item The ApexThe ApexThough its power has been shared, there
is still more the Apex might unlock. which you will use on the Dark Altar (entrance located in The Northern Forest → The Caverns → Ancient Pyramid).
Static reward
The Bandit Lord Oak The Bandit Lord Alira The Bandit Lord Kraityn Kill All Bandits 1% of Life Regenerated per second
2% additional Physical Damage Reduction
20% increased Physical Damage 5 Mana Regenerated per second
+20% to Global Critical Strike Multiplier
+15% to all Elemental Resistances 6% increased Attack and Cast Speed
3% chance to Dodge Attacks
6% increased Movement Speed 2 Passive Skill Points
Careful consideration should be taken when choosing a reward, as changing to a different reward is expensive.
Quest reward change
It is possible to change your Bandit choice. To do this, use one of the following Vendor Recipes to obtain the Book of Reform for the bandit you want to help, then use it. A confirmation window will pop up informing you of which rewards you will gain and lose. In order to find out which bandit you helped you can use /passives or talk to Eramir, the bandit you helped will turn up as a conversation option.
Any Book of Reform may be vendored to reclaim the 20 Orbs of RegretOrb of RegretStack Size: 40Grants a passive skill refund pointRight click on this item to use it.
Shift click to unstack. used to make it. However, the amulet will be lost.
Quest rewards
Vendor rewards
Class → Witch Shadow Ranger Duelist Marauder Templar Scion Quest ↓
Version History
TELECOMS OUTFIT BT has issued a profit warning for the next two years after financial irregularities were discovered in its Italian operating arm.
The Italian operation is part of BT's Global Services division and provides network services to businesses. It was created by an acquisition of local companies and until 2005 was run as a joint venture between BT and local providers, including Mediaset, which is controlled by former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi.
In September, BT began an internal investigation along with KPMG into accounting issues at the division and on Tuesday it announced that "the extent and complexity of inappropriate behaviour in the Italian business were far greater than previously identified".
As a result of its investigation, BT upped its estimated losses from "improper accounting practices" at the division from £145m to £530m. At the same time, it issued a profit warning, saying that gross earnings for 2017 and 2018 in the core business are likely to be down £175m for each year.
BT suspended two senior executives in its Italian division last year as it the internal investigation into false accounting practices began. New executives have since been appointed to replace them.The telecoms giant has warned that the irregularities may not be an isolated case and says it is carrying out investigations in other divisions.
"We are deeply disappointed with the improper practices which we have found in our Italian business," said BT CEO Gavin Patterson.
"We have undertaken extensive investigations into that business and are committed to ensuring the highest standards across the whole of BT for the benefit of our customers, shareholders, employees and all other stakeholders."
The news shocked the markets on Tuesday, knocking 20 per cent - or about £8bn - off the value of BT's shares.
The Italian accounting scandal is not the only reason for the lower estimated profits. BT has also factored in the probability of major customers not renewing their contracts in a stagnant marketplace. BT, which last year spent £12.5bn acquiring EE, also faces a large a pension deficit and has been forced to spend money defending itself against calls that it should be broken up. µ
A blistering letter signed by 50 Republican national security officials states that not one of them will vote for Donald Trump come November, declaring the GOP nominee "lacks the character, values, and experience to be President."
The letter describes Trump's lack of knowledge of the Constitution and U.S. laws and lambastes the candidate for appearing to have "no interest in educating himself."
Among those who signed the letter are former Deputy Attorney General Donald Ayer, former Deputy National Security Adviser for Strategic Planning Robert Blackwill and former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff.
"A president must be disciplined, control emotions, and act only after reflection and careful deliberation," the letter states. "In our judgment, Mr. Trump has none of these critical qualities ... We are convinced that in the Oval Office, he would be the most reckless President in American history."
A weekend fight involving nearly every member of the Palin family was actually started by the infamous politician and her brood, this according to numerous eyewitnesses.
The Palin pack apparently had a run-in with Connor Cleary, an ex-boyfriend of Willow, 20, at a birthday party on Saturday evening, and that was when all hell broke loose.
According to multiple witnesses at the party, oldest Palin son Track, 25, traded blows with his sister's ex on the front lawn of the party, and when Cleary's father Steve tried to break the boys up, Todd Palin began to choke him.
Todd ended up walking away with a bloody nose.
Scroll down for video
Happy birthday: The Palin family was at the birthday party of a family friend, and celebrating the birthday of patriarch Todd, when they started a fight with one of Willow's ex-boyfriends, Connor Cleary
Victim: Willow's ex Connor Cleary (above)
The gang's all here: Sarah Palin (above with family) apparently was trying to crawl over people to get involved in a fight over the weekend
Then, Sarah, 50, tried to get involved.
Birthday boy: The Palin family was celebrating the birthday of family friend Marc McKenna
A source said the failed vice-presidential candidate was 'nearly crawling on top of people' to get involved in the fight.
The party, meanwhile, was not for Todd, who did turn 50 on Saturday, but rather for twins Matt and Marc McKenna, who are close friends of the Palin family.
Once the fight finally broke up, Willow and big sister Bristol, 23, who apparently spent the entire evening wearing sunglasses as they strolled around the party, tried to start things up all over again, by going after Conner's mother, Melissa.
'They were on a b-line, coming straight at Melissa,' said partygoer Eric Thompson.
They were stopped by the host of the party however, Korey Klingenmeyer, who politely asked them to leave.
So Bristol started punching him in the face. Repeatedly.
Thompson told political blogger Amanda Coyne Bristol 'stood straight up, brought her arm back and cold-cocked [Klingenmeyer] right in the face.'
She did this six more times before Klingenmeyer was able to push her off him.
'I was thoroughly amazed at the restraint Korey showed. He's a total gentleman,' Thompson said.
Sister sister: Willow (left) and Bristol Palin (right) apparently tried to go after the mother of Willow's ex-boyfriend
A victim and a gentleman: Host Korey Klingenmeyer (above) was punched in the face seven times by Bristol when he politely asked her to leave the party
Then, Sarah got involved all over again and began to scream profanities at everyone.
This morning, Thompson told Good Morning America, 'I heard Sarah Palin scream out, "You know who we are, don't you?"'
Finally, to cap it all off, Track stood out in front of the house with his shirt off and his middle finger raised at those who were leaving
Shortly after this the fighting stopped, and the Palins got in their car for the evening, a stretch Hummer, and left.
No sooner had the Palins left then the police showed up to take statements from some of the remaining guests.
Thompson believes it was the Palins who called the police.
Scene of the crime: The home of Klingenmeyer in Anchorage, Alaska
'It was a really nice, mellow party,' he said.
'Then it turned into the Jerry Springer show.'
Thompson, an employee at McKenna Bros. Paving, the company owned by birthday boys Marc and Matt, has apparently been fired from his job for speaking to the press.
He has hired legal counsel according to the Alaska Dispatch News.
Police spokesperson Jennifer Castro said of the events, ‘At the time of the incident, none of the involved parties wanted to press charges and no arrests were made.
She then added, ‘Alcohol was believed to have been a factor in the incident. Some of the Palin family members were in attendance at the party.'
Oddly enough, it seems Sarah may be trying to distance herself from this story, despite numerous eyewitness reports, as she implied on her Facebook she did not see her family Saturday.
'I was traveling yesterday, so I'm posting Todd's 50th birthday greeting a day late, which is fine because the handsome guy barely looks a day over 50,' she wrote on Sunday evening.
Michael "Micky" Cordiviola has been identified as the St. Petersburg Police officer who was shot and injured Sunday in a confrontation with a troubled teen.
In a news conference Monday morning, St. Petersburg Police Chief Tony Holloway said Cordiviola grabbed a garden hose and used it to make a tourniquet around his leg. He is expected to recover.
Two other officers, Matthew Enhoffer and Brian Lynch, were involved in the shooting, which left 18-year-old Austin Goodner dead. Police said Goodner had been hiding in the yard of his house near Northeast High School. Because of his past — which included two Baker Acts and multiple arrests for battery — the police department had flagged the home as one where officers should "use caution."
When the officers spotted Goodner, Enhoffer told him to drop his weapon. Instead Goodner raised a 9 mm, Holloway said. Enhoffer fired twice. Cordiviola also fired four shots.
Lynch, the chief said, pulled the injured Cordiviola from the line of fire.
READ THE FULL STORY...
We are happy to announce that The Qt Company has joined as a contributor member to the Khronos Group. The Khronos Group is a not for profit industry consortium with over 100 member companies working together with open standards for the authoring and acceleration of parallel computing, graphics, dynamic media, computer vision and sensor processing on a wide variety of platforms and devices. Khronos members are able to contribute to the development of Khronos API specifications and have early access to specification drafts and conformance tests. As a member we are able to work even closer with Khronos and its members to make sure Qt is a spearhead implementation of the most relevant Khronos APIs.
From Qt perspective the most prominent Khronos standard has been OpenGL, which provides a powerful, low-level interface between software and acceleration hardware, and it is operating system and window system independent and therefore it has been a good foundation for a cross-platform development framework. For a long time Qt has offered and easy way to integrate OpenGL content to the applications and starting from Qt version 5.0 OpenGL has been the foundation of Qt graphics architecture. Qt has been also actively developing technologies on top of other Khronos standards such as WebGL for a Javascript API for rendering 3D and glTF for streamlining the 3D content loading especially in embedded devices and OpenCL for parallel programming.
Today Khronos has announced a new API called Vulkan which is a low-overhead, cross-platform 3D graphics and compute API for modern GPUs. As we expect that Vulkan will quickly gain strong foothold and driver support we are actively working on implementing the Qt support for Vulkan together with the Qt community, our partners and other members of the Khronos Group.
Do you like this? Share it
VLADIMIR Putin is on the brink of leaking top secret satellite images of the 9/11 attack that could topple the US government, it has been claimed.
GETTY REVELATION: Truth seekers believe Putin's evidence proves the 9/11 attack was an inside job
Conspiracy theorists claim the Russian president has collected a body of evidence which proves the US government and intelligence services were involved in plotting the atrocity. Terrorist group al-Qaida were officially held responsible for crashing a plane into the World Trade Center's Twin Towers, killing nearly 3,000 people and injuring more than 6,000 others. But truth seekers believe then president George Bush's administration was behind the horrific attack, claiming Osama Bin Laden's henchmen were just pawns. Despite staunch claims the towers were brought down by a “controlled explosion”, there is no concrete evidence to suggest the US government had any involvement. However, Russian political website Pravda reported Putin is on the verge of releasing “authoritative evidence” which proves “beyond any doubt” that the White House was directly involved.
GETTY EVIDENCE: Conspiracy theorists claim the towers were brought down intentionally
The report was published on 7 February 2015 by the Russian political newspaper, which sold millions of copies a day at the height of the Soviet Union. The article reads: “Putin is going to hit once, but he's going to hit hard. “Russia is preparing the release of evidence of the involvement of the US government and intelligence services in the September 11 attacks. The list of evidence includes satellite images. “Published material can prove the US government complicity in the 9/11 attacks and the successful manipulation of public opinion. “The attack was planned by the US government, but exercised using her proxy, so that an attack on America and the people of the United States looked like an act of aggression by international terrorist organisations.”
GETTY LEVERAGE: Putin could be using the images as political ammunition
“Putin is going to hit once, but he's going to hit hard.” Pravda The article goes on to claim Putin's alleged motive is to “expose the US government's secret terrorist policies”. US analysts apparently told Pravda that the disclosure would bring about mass protests and ultimately lead to an uprising. Skeptics have raised concerns over the validity of the report as Pravda is associated with the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. According to reports, Putin has said on record that he thinks an inside job would have been impossible. Some believe the claims are merely rumour, while others are convinced Russia has been saving the evidence as political ammunition.
9/11 Survivors: where are they now? Here are some of the survivors from the attacks on the World Trade Center twin towers which took place on September 11th 2001 in New York City. 1 / 11 AFP/Getty Images Edward Fine covers his mouth as he walks through the debris after the collapse of one of the towers
YOUTUBE FILMED: Charge explosions were apparently filmed below the crash site on the upper floors
CLOSE Din Kossova, of Sky Valley, built a monument to President Woodrow Wilson in the desert behind his own. Three years later, he discovered he actually built it within Joshua Tree National Park. By Brett Kelman, The Desert Sun
Buy Photo Din Kossova, of Sky Valley, stands atop the monument he unknowingly built just inside Joshua Tree National Park. Kossova was fined $9,000, and the monument will be destroyed. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)Buy Photo
SKY VALLEY, Calif. – Din Kossova stood on a sunny hillside, leaning against a 20-foot tower made of rocks and concrete. The desert floor stretched out below him, dotted with palm trees and trailer parks. Over his head, at the tower's peak, an American flag flapped in a constant wind.
"I built this without knowing it was in a park,” Kossova said, dejected. “I thought it was nobody's land.”
Kossova, 64, an Albanian immigrant who has lived in the Coachella Valley for 40 years, built the tower by hand after carrying supplies up a steep, shade-less trail into the empty desert. He finished the tower in 2012, then dedicated it to President Woodrow Wilson, who has been a hero in Albania since he argued for the nation's independence at the end of World War I. Many Albanians have adored Wilson ever since. Kossova is no different.
Earlier this year, however, Kossova discovered that his monument to Wilson was not welcome. Federal investigators told Kossova he had actually built his tower inside Joshua Tree National Park, where terrain is fiercely protected and construction is outright forbidden.
Last Friday, a federal judge fined him $9,000. The National Park Service will use most of that money to remove the monument. In court, park rangers and attorneys were heard discussing that explosives will likely be necessary.
Buy Photo Din Kossova, an Albania immigrant, hikes to his monument with a homemade walking stick. Kossova built the monument to honor President Woodrow Wilson, a hero to many Albanians. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
David T. Bristol, a federal magistrate judge who oversaw the case, had mixed feelings about punishing Kossova, but he said the law left him little choice. Bristol said building the monument was “a commendable thing to do.”
“Unfortunately, you did it in a national park,” Bristol told Kossova at his court hearing on Friday.
“I didn't know,” Kossova answered.
“I know,” the judge responded, “and I'm sorry for that.”
Prosecutors were less sympathetic. Before the hearing, Assistant U.S. Attorney Sharon McCasslen rebuffed a public defender who tried to explain that Kossova had hiked into the park accidentally, and didn't know he was building on federal property.
“Well, he should have paid more attention then,” McCasslen said sharply.
Buy Photo Din Kossova, of Sky Valley, stands near the monument that he unknowingly built to just inside Joshua Tree National Park. The Park Service plans to tear the monument down. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
Paying attention might not have helped. Joshua Tree National Park spans more than 1,200 square miles and much of the boundary is unmarked. Kossova insists he didn't see any boundary signs while he was constructing his monument, and park officials have confirmed it is possible the area was unmarked at that time. New signs were posted near Sky Valley earlier this year to keep out off-road vehicles.
Joshua Tree Superintendent David Smith said the construction of the monument has had a negative impact on the park, "regardless of the good intentions of the builder." The park plans to remove the monument as soon as possible, but the task will be difficult because the tower is large and remote.
JOSHUA TREE: See the park through the years
"It has been my experience that with any type of memorialization – whether it is tagging, graffiti, or a monument in this case – the longer it stays in place, the more likely we are to experience 'copycat' incidents," Smith wrote in an email to The Desert Sun.
Kossova began work on his monument in 2011 during one of his daily walks into the mountainous desert near his home. He was sitting in his favorite spot – a gorgeous vista that overlooks the Coachella Valley – when he had an epiphany.
“I should build something here,” he told himself. And so he did.
Kossova began hauling supplies into the desert in a backpack. He practiced his block-laying skills by building a fireplace at his home. After more than 100 hikes and about a year of work, the tower was finished just in time for the 100th anniversary of Albanian Independence.
Buy Photo Din Kossova's monument was built to honor President Woodrow Wilson, who argued for Albanian independence after World War I. Today, Wilson remains a hero to many Albanians (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
Since then, many hikers have visited. Few know much about Albania or Wilson, Kossova admits, but the's proud the monument gives anyone an excuse to escape into the wilderness.
“People see it on the hill and they want to go,” Kossova said. “I think I'm doing some good, ya know?”
Others have thought so too. A notebook left at the monument for hikers to sign is filled with praise.
MORE PARKS: Unique Joshua Tree didn't become a national park easily
"Maybe the most heartfelt monument I have been to," wrote a hiker from Oregon in 2014.
"Great hike," wrote a Pittsburgh family earlier this year. "Half of us saw 8 bighorn sheep. The other half were too slow."
The monument stood without issue until last winter, when a back-country ranger stumbled upon the tower during a patrol. Rangers then traced the monument to Kossova, who admitted proudly that he had built it. Suddenly, Kossova was looking at five citations and a summons to federal court.
The case was handled in federal court because Joshua Tree is federal property, and therefore any crime that happens in the park – no matter how small – is a federal crime. But there is no federal courthouse near Joshua Tree, so park crimes are tackled by little-known court proceedings held in the Black Rock Canyon Ranger Station every few months. Bristol, a federal judge from Riverside, sat in a folding table in front of a stone fireplace instead of a judge's bench. Two big-horned sheep skulls hung on the wall behind him.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Climate Point: California newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong An occasional email with a California focus on water, energy and climate change, curated by reporter Janet Wilson. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-834-6052. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Climate Point: California Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Kossova was sentenced to three years of probation and ordered to pay $8,930 in restitution, plus about $70 in court fees.
Prosecutors did not ask for jail time or any punitive fines, both of which were allowed by law.
"The fact that we did not seek any period of incarceration – even for a day – indicates our view of this case," said Thom Mrozek, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Los Angeles. "This defendant is relatively cooperative, and we anticipate he will make the restitution and make things right."
Reporter Brett Kelman can be reached by phone at (760) 778-4642, by email at brett.kelman@desertsun.com, or on Twitter @TDSbrettkelman.
Read or Share this story: http://desert.sn/2eaVaLO
Officials expect new power plant rules will be a challenge.
Buy Photo Construction is under way at the LG&E Cane Run Generating Plant as the less eco-friendly coal plant is replaced with a natural gas plant. The completion is planned for Spring 2015. (Photo: Marty Pearl/Special to The CJ)Buy Photo Story Highlights Coal industry and its political supporters are predicting economic calamity.
Kentucky may already be more than halfway toward achieving its targets under the power plant rules.
EPA's goal for Kentucky is substantially less stringent than had been proposed by environmentalists.
Judging by the howls of protests, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's first limits on heat-trapping gases from power plants could deal a fatal blow to the economies of coal-dependent states like Kentucky and Indiana.
"We cannot afford to have rolling blackouts and brownouts that could endanger human lives," warns Kentucky state Rep. Jim Gooch, D-Providence, and chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee, which deals with mining issues.
But Kentucky and Indiana may actually have a leg up on meeting the newly proposed regulations on greenhouse gases from power plants, the single largest source of carbon pollution in the country. Each state's carbon dioxide emissions are already declining, and the rules were written to take into account their historic reliance on coal and manufacturing.
As a result, some experts are concluding that the EPA's Clean Power Plan unveiled June 2 won't be nearly as onerous as some industries and political leaders suggest, even as state regulators charged with enforcing them and electric utilities are still trying to determine their impact.
WATCHDOG EARTH: New law limits state response to carbon rules
"The political reality (of coal-dependence) has actually been heard by the agency and has been reflected in the rule," said Tim Profeta, a professor and director of the nonpartisan Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions at Duke University.
In fact, Kentucky officials acknowledge the Bluegrass State may already be more than halfway toward achieving its targets under the proposal — rules that give states up to 16 years to meet them.
CLOSE Construction continues on the Cane Run natural gas power plant construction site. Marty Pearl, Special to The Courier-Journal
PREVIOUSLY: EPA seeks 30 percent cut in greenhouse gases by 2030
SENATE 2014: McConnell, Grimes decry proposed coal rules
To be sure, the outcry is also about loss of coal mining jobs, which have already plummeted in Kentucky from 18,000 in 2011 to 12,000 last year. But the EPA has said it still expects coal to provide 30 percent of the nation's electricity in 2030, down from about 38 percent now.
EPA also said the rule will create even more energy efficiency jobs, while not detailing what states will gain or lose employment.
"The rhetoric we are hearing (from critics) ... is far outpacing reality," said Bill Becker, executive director of the National Association of Clean Air Agencies, whose members include state and local air pollution regulators from across the country, including some in Kentucky and Indiana. He said that membership has not been "screaming about this rule (or) reacting terribly to it."
One reason, Becker said, is EPA made "an enormous concession" when it decided to use 2005 as its baseline for seeking an overall 30 percent reduction in climate pollution from the nation's fleet of 1,000 fossil fuel power plants.
That allows states to get credit for some carbon dioxide emission reductions that have already occurred, Becker said.
Another reason, he said, is that each state's goals were tailored to their energy and economic circumstances, thus avoiding "huge heavy lifting" while still seeking to get "meaningful" cuts.
Art Williams, the retired director of the Louisville Metro Air Pollution Control District, took it a step further.
There is a "plausible argument" that even if the EPA rule were not put in place, the states and nation would meet EPA's goals as a result of already occurring changes in the energy sector of the nation's economy.
Coal is getting more expensive, natural gas has become cheaper and renewable forms of energy such as wind and solar are also competing better, said Williams, who has closely followed climate change policy internationally and in Kentucky.
"You have to wonder how much this rule is really going to affect the marketplace," Williams said. "My guess is not as much as all the wailing and gnashing of teeth. We may be a hair away from that victory over a 16-year period, even in Kentucky," he said.
Indiana is also making headway.
"There are things that Indiana is doing today or will be doing in the next few years, in terms of retrofitting of coal plants to burning natural gas, that will move us in that direction," said Douglas J. Gotham of the State Utility Forecasting Group, a state funded Purdue University research group. "How far it moves us, I don't know."
Modern natural gas plants produce about half as much carbon dioxide as coal plants.
"War on coal"
Still, the rules have been very controversial in Kentucky and Indiana, where a "war on coal" battle cry has been sounded by Republicans and Democrats alike.
For instance, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, a Republican, has called the regulations "devastating for Hoosier workers and families."
Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell, a Republican, described the EPA's action as a "dagger to the heart of the American middle class," while his Democratic challenger, Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes , defended coal with an industry slogan — "coal keeps the lights on" — and also promised to fight them in the Senate, if elected.
Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear took a more nuanced approach, saying he appreciated that the EPA recognized "that differences do exist among manufacturing states and in states that produce the nation's energy."
But he said he is "extremely concerned that (the EPA proposal) does not provide adequate flexibility or attainable goals."
While the political rhetoric has been flying, regulators and analysts in both states are scrutinizing the voluminous documents that make up the regulations, saying it's too soon to predict what impact they might have or how they might craft a compliance plan.
"We are just starting to look at the documents," said Dan Goldblatt, spokesman for the Indiana Department of Environmental Management.
Kentucky has "a whole team of people, including legal, technical and policy folks, looking at various aspects" of the proposal, said John Lyons, assistant secretary for climate policy in the Kentucky Energy and Environment Cabinet.
Electric utilities are also combing through the proposal in preparation for submitting public comments to EPA.
"We are beginning to find some inconsistencies," said John Voyles, vice president of transmission and generation services for LG&E and KU Energy.
For example, he said the company is not sure how much credit, if any, it can get for efforts it has already taken to diversify its energy mix. "We are trying to sort it out, get back with the EPA technical people, and trying to figure out what they meant," Voyles said.
"There will be some cost impacts to the consumers," he said. "We don't know what that will be."
Nationally, average monthly electricity bills are anticipated to increase by roughly 3 percent by 2020, but decline by roughly 9 percent by 2030 because increased energy efficiency will lead to reduced usage, according to EPA.
How it works
The rules are based on achieving that national 30 percent reduction in the amount of power plant emissions of carbon dioxide, a type of pollution blamed for causing global warming.
But to get there EPA uses a different measurement — a rate of pounds of carbon dioxide per kilowatt hour of energy produced, a reflection of carbon intensity. EPA has proposed a unique emission rate target for each state, and to make matters confusing, EPA uses 2012 as a baseline for calculating those targets.
EPA says that if every state meets its emission rate reduction goals, the nation as a whole should achieve the 30 percent goal.
States that burn a lot of coal and have a lot of manufacturing, like Kentucky and Indiana, don't have to reduce their emission rates as much as other states, reflecting their roles in the nation's economy.
It all comes down to the numbers.
If the proposal isn't changed, Kentucky will need to go from a rate of 2,158 pounds carbon dioxide per megawatt hour in 2012, to 1,763 pounds per megawatt hour in 2030. That's a reduction of 18 percent. Indiana has to drop from 1,923 to 1,531 pounds per megawatt hour over 16 years, a decline of 20 percent.
Even at 2030, both states are still projected to be among the national leaders in carbon dioxide emissions.
Lyons said state officials have estimated that Kentucky since 2012 has already dropped to 1,951 pounds of carbon dioxide per megawatt hour, a decline of 10 percent from the EPA's emission-rate 2012 baseline. That's mainly due to the retirement of older, less-efficient coal-fired power plants that were not compliant with new, tighter rules on mercury and other pollutants, state officials said.
Indiana has yet to make a similar calculation, Goldblatt said.
But for Kentucky, the estimates show that the state is more than halfway to its goal, right out of the starting gate.
And some other power plant conversions to natural gas are in the works, such as Louisville's Cane Run power plant, that officials predict would bring Kentucky even closer, to nearly 11 percent of the 18 percent reduction goal.
"We have a couple of hundred pounds to go," Lyons said. "I am telling you, that will be a challenge."
It could have been more difficult. EPA chose a goal for Kentucky that was substantially less stringent than had been proposed by environmentalists, and had been feared and analyzed by state regulators. That proposal would have sought a 45 percent reduction in the Kentucky's carbon dioxide emission rate.
The EPA, Lyons acknowledged, "landed somewhere in the middle."
Profeta, the Duke professor, credited the Beshear administration with getting its message across to the EPA in advance of the carbon rule roll out
"The leadership in Kentucky did a very effective job engaging the federal government and sort of bringing to them the challenge the state has in reducing greenhouse gases, and the economic situation in Kentucky, and the importance of low-cost power to Kentucky's manufacturing economy," said Profeta.
He also acknowledged the regulations by themselves won't solve the global climate change problem, which will also require international cooperation. Many scientists have argued for much deeper global cuts, in the range of 70 percent by midcentury.
"The intent of this rule is to change the investment paradigm in the energy sector and to make investment flow to the right technologies, to begin to shift the direction," Profeta said.
Optional approaches
Beshear and Energy and Environment Cabinet Secretary Len Peters had pressed the EPA for as much flexibility as possible, arguing against slapping mandatory cuts at each power plant in favor of an approach that allows for reductions to be made through energy efficiency and other means.
Under the EPA plan, states can achieve their goals by using a range of strategies, including embracing alternative energy — such as solar, wind or hydro power.
They can develop better programs to help homes and businesses use electricity more efficiently, such as programs that reduce demand by offering rebates on appliances.
LG&E and KU, for example, already has a home energy rebate program that offers $50 to $750 for qualifying items. More than 44,000 customers have participated since the program started in 2011.
EPA says utilities can also make changes in their power plants to burn coal more efficiently, estimating a typical plant could become 6 percent more efficient.
"I don't know what the realistic number is," Voyles countered. "I would tell you 1 percent or less."
Lyons said it would take a "plant-by-plant" assessment to determine what's possible.
States also could join other states in regional "cap and trade" programs, in which utilities that cut pollution could sell credits to those who don't.
Lyons questioned whether cap-and-trade would benefit Kentucky, saying the state likely would only be able to buy pollution credits, and that would make electric rates climb.
Williams and Profeta, however, disagreed. Kentucky has so much energy waste that "it could become a place where others invest in reductions," even without a formal cap-and-trade program, Profeta said.
For example, industries that are not already capturing waste heat can begin to do so, and use it to boil water and make electricity, said Jesse Kharbanda, executive director of the Hoosier Environmental Council.
But by all accounts, the EPA effort will face continued opposition. Gov. Pence has promised as much, as has Gooch, who denied any climate threat from power plants, saying "carbon dioxide is plant food."
Once a rule is final, officials said both Kentucky and Indiana are likely to develop their plans for compliance, even as lawsuits are expected to challenge it, and Kentucky will get a new governor.
The ultimate incentive is that if states don't draft their own plans, the EPA will step in and write one for them, said attorney Tom FitzGerald with the Kentucky Resources Council.
Elected officials, he said, will probably dislike that even more.
Reach reporter James Bruggers at (502) 582-4645 or on Twitter @jbruggers.
Getting there
Kentucky, Pounds of carbon dioxide per megawatt hour
2012 — 2,158
2014 — 1,951
2030 — 1,763
Source: U.S. EPA and Kentucky Energy and Environment Cabinet
What's next
• Four-month public comment period.
• Four public hearings during the week of July 28 in Denver; Atlanta; Washington, D.C.; and Pittsburgh.
• Final standards to be issued June 2015.
• States get 1 to 3 years to develop a compliance plan.
• States must meet interim goal by 2020 and final goal by 2030.
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/1hMjvIh
The record-long streak without an Atlantic Basin Category 5 hurricane reached nine years over Labor Day weekend while Hermine was pestering the East Coast .
Since Hurricane Felix plowed into Nicaragua on Sept. 5, 2007, not one Atlantic hurricane has reached elite Category 5 status (maximum sustained winds of 157 mph or higher), according to Dr. Phil Klotzbach , Colorado State University tropical scientist.
Dating to 1950, this is by far the longest such streak, topping the previous record spanning virtually the entire presidency of Ronald Reagan in the 1980s, after Hurricane Allen until Hurricane Gilbert.
Record Cat. 5-Less Atlantic Streaks
(Data: Adam Dean/The Weather Channel) Streak Begin/End Dates Cat. 5 Begin/End Hurricanes Length Sep. 4, 2007 - ?? Felix (2007) - ?? 3,286 days (as of Sep. 5, 2016) Aug. 10, 1980 - Sep. 12, 1988 Allen (1980) - Gilbert (1988) 2957 days Aug. 25, 1992 - Oct. 25, 1998 Andrew (1992) - Mitch (1998) 2254 days Sep. 10, 1971 - Aug. 31, 1977 Edith (1971) - Anita (1977) 2184 days Nov. 1, 1961 - Sep. 18, 1967 Hattie (1961) - Beulah (1967) 2145.5 days
Seventy Atlantic hurricanes, from Humberto in 2007 through Hermine in 2016, have all failed to attain Category 5 status.
(MORE: Category 5 Atlantic Hurricane History )
That's not to say there haven't been strong hurricanes the past nine years.
Of those 70 hurricanes during the streak, 13 of those reached Category 4 intensity, most recently Hurricane Joaquin in early October 2015.
A large number of these weakened or curled north, then northeastward in the Atlantic Ocean.
However, a few of these did eventually strike land at various intensities, including a pair of 2008 Gulf Coast landfalls - Gustav and Ike, a pair of 2008 Caribbean landfalls - Omar and Paloma, as well as 2014's Gonzalo in Bermuda.
Why This is Long Streak
As we discussed earlier, multi-year streaks without a Category 5 Atlantic hurricane aren't unusual.
Looking at segments where Atlantic hurricanes have reached Category 5 status, it happens most often in the Caribbean Sea, Gulf of Mexico, or the southwest Atlantic Ocean.
Unlike the Pacific Ocean, the Atlantic Basin is typically invaded by plumes of dry air from the Sahara Desert, Saharan Air Layers (SALs), that frequently squelch or put a lid on tropical cyclone intensity in the central or eastern Atlantic Ocean.
(FLASHBACK: Saharan Dust Reaches Texas Gulf Coast in July )
One other factor that likely helped keep these Atlantic hurricanes from Category 5 status was wind shear, the change in wind speed and/or direction with height.
This is an inihibiting factor for tropical cyclones in that it either tilts the core convection, dispersing the heat driving the engine of the tropical cyclone, or, if strong enough, simply blows thunderstorms away from the center of circulation.
From 2008 through 2015, wind shear, particularly the past three-plus hurricane seasons, has been greater than normal, especially near the U.S. and over the Caribbean Sea.
This tendency for stronger westerly winds aloft has weakened or even ripped apart several intense hurricane wanna-bes, and also helped to steer some of the Category 4 hurricanes mentioned earlier away from the U.S. coast.
Unfortunately, it doesn't take a "major" (Category 3 or stronger) hurricane to be deadly or destructive.
(MORE: 10 Reasons the U.S. Major Hurricane Drought is Misleading )
Ike, Irene, Isaac, Sandy, Arthur and Hermine were all testament to that.
For now, this is a streak we hope continues for a while.
In a roughly four-year span from September 2003-2007, eight Category 5 hurricanes ravaged the Atlantic Basin. Two of those, hurricanes Dean and Felix in 2007, made landfall at Category 5 strength.
MORE ON WEATHER.COM: Retired Atlantic Tropical Cyclones
Windows 10 is fast approaching and AMD has just released a new graphics driver with the Catalyst 15.7. The newest version of the Radeon drivers feature several new functions, performance gains, and most importantly : support for Windows 10.
With Catalyst 15.7, AMD provides an unified driver for its Radeon graphics cards and supports the recently launched Radeon R9 and R7 300 as well the Radeon R9 X Fury and Fury versions of the upcoming series in addition to the existing Radeon graphics cards. This driver enables control of frame rate on older generation Radeon cards including the Radeon R9 200 and Radeon HD 7800/7900 and also adds extended support for VSR or Virtual Super Resolution which allows rendering a game in a higher than the screen resolution ( also called downsampling ). This mode is available for both the new Fury and Radeon R9/R7 300 series along with the older Radeon R9/R7 200 and Radeon HD 7800/7900 series. These new drivers enable FreeSync on Crossfire configurations with games using DirectX 10 or higher. AMD also reported GPU performance gains with Windows 7 including 8.1% for Far Cry 4 and Radeon R7 or R9 200 series (and newer cards). With the same cards, AMD also reported a 10% gain in performance on Tomb Raider. Crossfire users benefit from several improvements to recent games like The Witcher 3, Dying Light Project CARS GTA V or via profiles updated. As for Windows 10 support, AMD says it has a DirectX 12 driver supports WDDM 2.0 for its architecture cards Graphic Core Next (Radeon HD 7000 and later) but this driver is still considered a preview
Highlights for the Catalyst 15.7 driver :
Ability to stream content at the highest resolutions (4K and beyond) thanks to hardware-based HEVC decoder(1)
Activating Microsoft® DirectX® 12 and AMD's Freesync Technology will help make your games look great on your AMD-based PC running Windows® 10
Responsive resume times powered by AMD and Windows® 10 let you spend less time waiting and more time doing because your PC wakes up from sleep quickly.
Window Display Driver Model (WDDM) 2.0 works with Windows® 10 to reduce the driver workload on graphics hardware. Display modes can be changed quickly and without the bothersome flicker that Windows users had to endure in the past
Frame Rate Target Control (FRTC) enables fine-tuning your graphics card for more stable and consistent performance in games with real-time frame rate control limiting the maximum frame rate during gameplay — and delivers the benefits of reduced system/GPU power consumption, lower system temps, and lower fan speeds for quieter operation. Now supporting AMD Radeon R7 260 and above GPUS
Virtual Super Resolution (VSR) provides image quality enhancement to gamers and Windows desktop users (renders at high resolution then down-scales; giving effective Super Sample Anti-Aliasing): VSR support has now been extended to the following products:
AMD Radeon™ R9 Fury Series AMD Radeon™ R9 280 Series ​ AMD Radeon™ R9 390 Series AMD Radeon™ R9 270 Series AMD Radeon™ R9 380 Series ​ AMD Radeon™ R7 260 Series AMD Radeon™ R7 370 Series ​ AMD Radeon™ HD 7900 Series ​ AMD Radeon™ R7 360 Series ​ AMD Radeon™ HD 7800 Series AMD Radeon™ R9 295X2 ​ AMD Radeon™ HD 7790 Series ​​​ A MD Radeon™ R9 290 Series Desktop A-Series 7400K APUs and above Below is a list of supported resolutions: ​Target Display Timing Supported VSR Modes​ ​ 1366 X 768 @ 60Hz ​ 1600 X 900
1920 X 1080 ​ 1600 X 900 @ 60Hz ​ 1920 X 1080 ​ 1920 X 1080 @ 60Hz 2560 X 1440
3200 X 1800
3840 X 2160 (AMD Radeon™ R9 285, AMD Radeon™ R9 Fury Series ) ​ 1920 X 1200 @ 60Hz ​ 2048 X 1536
2560 X 1600
3840 X 2400 (AMD Radeon™ R9 285, AMD Radeon™ R9 Fury Series ) ​ ​ 2560 X 1440 @ 60Hz ​ 3200 X 1800 ​ 1920 X 1080 @ 120Hz ​ 1920 X 1200 @ 120Hz
2048 X 1536 @ 120Hz ​
AMD FreeSync Technology eliminates screen tearing without lag and latency. And now it works in Crossfire mode! You just need a FreeSync capable AMD component and a FreeSync compatible monitor. The full list of announced monitors can he found here.
AMD Product Compatibility
The AMD Catalyst™ 15.7 driver ​is compatible with the following AMD products. AMD Desktop Product Family Compatibility ​​ ​ AMD Radeon™ R9 Fury Series ​ ​ ​ AMD Radeon™ R5 230 Series ​ AMD Radeon™ R9 300 Series AMD Radeon™ HD 8000 Series ​ AMD Radeon™ R9 200 Series AMD Radeon™ HD 7000 Series ​ ​ AMD Radeon™ R7 300 Se ries ​ AMD Radeon™ HD 6000 Series ​ AMD Radeon™ R7 200 Series ​ ATI Radeon™ HD 5000 Series AMD All-In-One Desktop Product Family Compatibility AMD Radeon™ HD 7600A Series AMD Radeon™ HD 6600A Series AMD Radeon™ HD 7450A Series AMD Radeon™ HD 6350A Series AMD APU Product Family Compatibility “Kaveri”, “Godavari”, and “Carrizo” series APUs are only supported by AMD Catalyst™ 15.7 on Windows® 7 (32 & 64-bit) and Windows® 8.1 64-bit. AMD APU Product Family Compatibility Desktop Mobile A-Series with AMD Radeon™ R7 Graphics AMD Radeon™ HD 8000D Series A-Series with AMD Radeon™ R6 Graphics AMD Radeon™ HD 7000D Series A-Series with AMD Radeon™ R5 Graphics AMD Radeon™ HD 6000D Series ​A-Series with AMD Radeon™ R4 Graphics ​ AMD Radeon™ HD 8000G Series A-Series with AMD Radeon™ R3 Graphics AMD Radeon™ HD 7000G Series ​FX-8800P with AMD Radeon ™ ​ R7 Graphics ​ AMD Radeon™ HD 6000G Series E-Series AMD with Radeon™ R2 Graphics AMD Mobility Radeon™ Family Compatibility AMD Catalyst™ Mobility is a notebook reference graphics driver with limited support for system vendor specific features. AMD Mobility Product Family Compatibility AMD Radeon™ R9 M200 Series AMD Radeon™ HD 7000M Series AMD Radeon™ R7 M200 Series AMD Radeon™ HD 6000M Series AMD Radeon™ R5 M200 Series ATI Mobility Radeon™ HD 5000 Series AMD Radeon™ HD 8000M Series
AMD CrossFire™ Profile Enhancements
AMD Catalyst™ 15.7 includes enhancement for the following games since AMD Catalyst™ Omega:
Battlefield: Hardline
Evolve
Far Cry® 4
Lords of the Fallen
Project CARS
Total War: Attila
Alien: Isolation™
Assassin's Creed® Unity
Civilization®: Beyond Earth™
FIFA 2015
GRID Autosport
Ryse: Son of Rome
Talos Principle
The Crew
Grand Theft Auto V
Dying Light
The Witcher® 3: Wild Hunt
Download Catalyst 15.7 drivers for Windows x64 8.1
Download Catalyst 15.7 drivers for Windows x86 8.1
Download Catalyst 15.7 drivers for Windows 10 x64
Download drivers Catalyst 15.7 Windows 10 x86
“We are thrilled to deliver our latest driver upgrade, making customer experiences with Windows® 10 and AMD even more entertaining and intuitive than ever,” said Ari Rauch, corporate VP, Software Development for AMD. “The AMD Catalyst 15.7 driver enables a refined user experience, with better gaming, better streaming and video quality, and incredible efficiency, taking AMD's Graphics Core Next (GCN) state-of-the-art architecture to the next level.” Complete Release Notes : LINK
A resolution put before state lawmakers in Utah could see the Beehive state legitimize Bitcoin as a legal payment method.
H.C.R. 6, the “Concurrent Resolution on Payment Options for State Services” introduced by Republican Marc K. Roberts:
“[P]roposes the creation of the Council on Payment Options for State Services to study whether and how the state could accept bitcoin as a valid form of payment.”
Consideration of such a resolution at state level means Utah joins several US states taking an active stance towards Bitcoin's role in the local economy. One of these is New York, which is in the final stages of preparation of its controversial BitLicense scheme. California meanwhile, as the first state of openly legalize use of Bitcoin, has seen infrastructure related to it expand dramatically.
In-depth details regarding the plans in Utah have so far not been released, and discussion of Roberts' proposals is yet to take place. Nonetheless, optimism surrounding the move is growing, with community members considering the state's pro-business orientation as a potential aid to the popularity of Bitcoin adoption. Flagship Bitcoin-accepting business Overstock.com has its headquarters in Salt Lake City, and lawmakers could well be eyeing the success of California, which is home to many Bitcoin startups, when considering the financial benefits of adopting an open official stance to digital currency.
While the wording of the resolution itself does not include specific content regarding private enterprise, mention of “[encouragement of] the expanded use of bitcoin in the state” is included.
Provisions are also made for “certain persons” being on board the Council on Payment Options for State Services, and that “certain issues” should be specifically explored by it once in existence.
It is worth noting that a similar think-tank on cryptocurrencies, albeit closely related to the banking sector, arrived at proposals for nationwide regulation similar to New York's Bitlicense. In New Hampshire, the idea of state acceptance of Bitcoin as payment is already coming under fire in the media.
Meanwhile however, California Governor candidate Gavin Newsom is the latest US politician to feature Bitcoin prominently in an election campaign. His campaign website features a Bitcoin donation link as its default payment option.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The products affected by the court order include Nurofen Back Pain, Nurofen Period Pain, Nurofen Migraine Pain and Nurofen Tension Headache
The UK maker of the Nurofen "specific pain" range of products has defended their packaging, after an Australian court ordered the products off shelves.
The court said the UK-based Reckitt Benckiser had misled consumers.
It said products marketed to treat specific pains, such as migraine, were identical to one another.
Nurofen said the products had been "designed to help the consumer easily navigate our range", particularly in groceries where there was no pharmacy.
"Consumer research indicates that 9 in 10 people (88%) look for pain relief for a specific type of pain (eg headache, migraine, back pain) and 7 in 10 (71%) say pain-specific packs help them decide which product is best for their needs," said Dr Aomesh Bhatt, regulatory and medical affairs director for Nurofen.
"How to pick the best painkiller"
Active ingredient
The products affected by the Australian court order include Nurofen Back Pain, Nurofen Period Pain, Nurofen Migraine Pain and Nurofen Tension Headache.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) watchdog had brought the matter to court earlier this year.
The ACCC said the court had found that the firm had "engaged in misleading conduct in contravention of the Australian consumer law by representing that its Nurofen Specific Pain products were each formulated to treat a specific type of pain, when the products are identical".
Each product contained the same active ingredient, ibuprofen lysine 342mg.
The ACCC said the products were found to be "no more effective at treating the type of pain described on its packaging than any of the other Nurofen specific pain products".
The comission's research also found that in Australia the products were sold for almost double the price of Nurofen's standard product.
The retail price for each of the pain-specific products was also found to be "significantly higher" than other comparable products, the ACCC added.
No UK changes
Manufacturer Reckitt Benckiser said the case related only to Australia, and that it was continuing to work with regulators there "to ensure Nurofen packaging continues to be fully aligned with all guidelines and requirements".
It said the ruling would not be applicable in other countries, including the UK, where it sells Nurofen Migraine Pain and Nurofen Tension Headache in caplets, as well as Nurofen Express Period Pain in soft capsules.
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption The ACCC said the cost of Nurofen's pain-specific products was significantly higher than comparable products
"As such all Nurofen products remain available and there will be no changes to packaging," the company added.
The Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) is responsible for ensuring the quality, safety, and efficacy of medicines including over-the-counter painkillers in the UK.
It said: "For over-the-counter medicines informative names are permitted to help patients select an appropriate product without input from a healthcare professional."
It added, that, with regard to '"informative names" - they are allowed as "an aid for patients to select the appropriate product without input from a doctor or pharmacist but they can't make misleading medical claims".
Richard Headland, editor of Which?, said: "Our research shows many painkilling medicines have exactly the same active ingredients, despite vastly different marketing, packaging and pricing. Our advice to people is to buy cheaper generic medicines wherever possible and, if in doubt, ask a pharmacist."
Court costs
The Federal Court of Australia said the products must be taken off Australian shelves within three months.
Reckitt Benckiser said that it would comply with the Australian court order and that it "did not set out to mislead consumers".
Reckitt Benckiser makes a vast range of household products, including Nurofen, Dettol and Harpic, among others.
It has been ordered to publish correction notices in newspapers and on its website and to pay the ACCC's court costs.
This story has been amended to clarify that the products in question were different from the standard Nurofen product.
Who are the real criminals in NSA case? Whistle-blower Edward Snowden was simply doing what the government said: "If you see something, say something"
Permanent Washington's reactions to the Guardian's ongoing revelations about the Obama administration's unprecedented mass surveillance system have been at once boringly predictable and incredibly revealing. They are so revealing, in fact, that we are left with a troubling question that a civilized society should never even have to ask: Namely, who are the true criminals -- those who violate the law, or those, like 29-year-old Edward Snowden, who blow the whistle on the violations?
Before getting to that monumental query, let's first review officialdom's reactions to the NSA story that are leading to it.
Advertisement:
There was the claim by Obama officials that the NSA spying system has made us safer by thwarting the New York subway bombing plot. Such a talking point is designed to halt the conversation about civil liberties entirely by insisting that any action that makes us safer is laudable, even if it runs roughshod over the Fourth Amendment. In addition to the argument's generally questionable logic, though, the problem for the White House was that the specific claims were thoroughly debunked by news organizations and Intelligence Committee member Sen. Mark Udall, D-Colo., within a few days.
There has also been the attempt to marginalize the messengers -- and thus marginalize the message -- via the cheap smear. We've seen this a lot lately, most grotesquely, as Rolling Stone's Matt Taibbi points out, in the chumpbait that has defined the coverage of Bradley Manning. In the NSA spying case, it's much the same thing.
For instance, there were the declarations by one of the most prominent Obama officials-turned-corporate-mouthpieces, Tommy Vietor. Using the same xenophobic tactic that famously saw John Kerry derided as French, the president's former National Security spokesman derided the Guardian America as a "foreign" organization (which, by the way, it isn't). There was also a horrifying report from the Atlantic's Steve Clemons of intelligence officials reportedly discussing the idea of "disappearing" Guardian reporter Glenn Greenwald and his source as retribution for the disclosures.
Meanwhile, the New York Times issued a damning-with-faint-praise profile of Greenwald. As Yves Smith notes, the Times loaded it up with vapid ad hominem rhetoric from Greenwald's ideological opponents -- and, as important, made sure to focus far more on scrutinizing the journalist than on either evaluating the implications of the news he broke, or even whether the NSA program ever should have been secret in the first place. No doubt, the Guardian's source, Snowden, will be treated in much the same way.
Finally, and most illustrative of all, there was also the attempt to shift the focus of outrage away from the potentially major crimes against the Constitution's Fourth Amendment and to channel the outrage instead at the affront to the Obama administration's political interests.
We've seen, for example, news from the New York Times that the NSA whistle-blowing is "expected to attract an investigation from the Justice Department." Reuters followed that up with a report that "a U.S. intelligence agency formally requested a criminal probe (of) the leak." Vietor chimed in by declaring his shock that "people aren't more concerned about the systematic leaking of Top Secret U.S. national security information." Government contractor Booz Allen Hamilton, which employed Snowden, said the disclosure is "a grave violation of the code of conduct and core values of our firm." And, of course, President Obama's Director of National Intelligence James Clapper issued the obligatory tough-talking statement calling the revelations "reprehensible."
Advertisement:
Here is where the entire definition of crime starts becoming blurry.
Notice that, according to the Times and Reuters, the Justice Department and the unnamed national security agency are pursuing an investigation into the whistle-blowing but not into the potential crimes against the Constitution. Same thing for Booz Allen Hamilton: The company declared that the "grave violation" of its "core values" is the disclosure of the potentially unconstitutional mass surveillance, not the mass surveillance itself. Same thing for Clapper; what's "reprehensible" to him is the disclosure, not the NSA's potential crimes. Notice, too, that neither Clapper nor Justice officials are calling for an investigation into Clapper committing one of recent history's most explicit acts of perjury when answering congressional questions about surveillance (and yes, perjury before Congress is a criminal act).
In other words, the only acts being discussed in a criminal context are those that expose the Obama administration's possible crimes, not the administration's possible crimes themselves. In this distorted worldview, Edward Snowden's decision to expose the NSA's potentially unconstitutional behavior is somehow presented as a bigger crime than the NSA's behavior itself.
In forwarding such a skewed criminal justice ideology, the Obama administration is, first and foremost, violating its pledge to voters. After all, in 2008, Obama ran for president promising to respect whistle-blowers. Back then, he declared that "often the best source of information about waste, fraud, and abuse in government is an existing government employee committed to public integrity and willing to speak out." He added that "such acts of courage and patriotism, which can sometimes save lives and often save taxpayer dollars, should be encouraged rather than stifled."
Advertisement:
But there's more than just hypocrisy at work here. To construct such an Orwellian definition of crime -- one in which crime-exposers are depicted as the most dangerous criminals -- the administration and Permanent Washington are employing a marvelously deceptive double standard about information itself. Whether it is the WikiLeaks cables, disclosures about unlawful torture or the recent NSA revelations, those who reveal facts that are inconvenient to the national security establishment are now portrayed as criminal "leakers" requiring prosecution. Yet, whether publicly promoting its cyber-warfare operations, selectively disclosing skewed (and factually inaccurate) information about torture to sympathetic filmmakers, or providing top-secret "kill list" information to help the New York Times publish election year hagiography, the same national security establishment is regularly disclosing classified information that serve its political and ideological interests.
For those of us who believe information should be as free as possible in a democratic society, the latter kind of disclosures aren't necessarily objectionable unto themselves because even if they are politically skewed, they at least offer a bit more governmental transparency. What's objectionable is the double standard whereby we hear calls to prosecute politically inconvenient whistle-blowers like Manning, John Kiriakou and Snowden, but don't hear the same kind of superheated rhetoric aimed at, say, those like Leon Panetta or any of the officials quoted in the Times "kill list" story. It is objectionable because it suggests that the Obama administration isn't respecting the fundamental American notion of equal protection under the law; it is instead applying different standards to its political enemies and its political friends.
"The reality is the Obama administration has either authorized or acquiesced to the leak of information that is deemed politically beneficial, while relentlessly investigating and prosecuting those who reveal information that reflects poorly on his administration and the U.S. government," says American University professor Jeff Bachman.
Advertisement:
To see this double standard in action, go back to Vietor's statements about the NSA snooping. Because that disclosure embarrasses his old boss, he derides "the systematic leaking of Top Secret U.S. national security information." Yet, while he was the White House's national security spokesman, he was part of the administration's communications apparatus that orchestrated the systematic leaking of top-secret U.S. national security information to the New York Times to help that paper publishes its "kill list" encomium about Obama the War President. He was also in the government when the administration was leaking information to the director of "Zero Dark Thirty."
Where's Vietor's worry about those latter leaks, you ask? It's nowhere, because the new definition of crime and wrongdoing has less to do with a dispassionate analysis of the Constitution than it does with a political vendetta against ideological opponents.
In his writeup of the Manning trial, Taibbi sums up what is really at stake in the reaction to all of these information disclosures.
Advertisement:
"If you can be punished for making public a crime, then the government doing the punishing is itself criminal," he writes. "Who's the right kind of person to be let in the know about the fact that we systematically turned academics and other 'suspects' over to the Iraqi military to be tortured? We want people who will, what, sit on this stuff? Apparently the idea is to hire the kind of person who will cheerfully help us keep this sort of thing hidden from ourselves."
The same can be asked about the NSA surveillance revelations. Do we really want to criminalize public officials who expose possible violations of the Fourth Amendment? Do we really want those public officials to witness such crimes and say nothing? Doesn't that make them complicit in crimes that are far bigger than the alleged crime of blowing the whistle?
The answers are, of course, obvious; after all, our own government tells us that "if you see something, say something." Doesn't that principle apply to those like Snowden and others when they believe they're witnessing crimes against the Constitution?
Drew Brees: Saints/Patriots Practice Day 1
New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees (9) throws during joint practice with the New Orleans Saints and New England Patriots at Gillette Stadium in Foxboro, MA on Tuesday, August 9, 2016. (Photo by Michael DeMocker, NOLA.com| The Times-Picayune)
(Michael DeMocker)
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. - The death of Drew Brees has been greatly exaggerated.
Three days after a four-interception practice, the Saints veteran quarterback responded with an impressive performance during intra-squad workouts against the New England Patriots on Tuesday at the Gillette Stadium practice complex.
Brees matched Tom Brady throw for throw throughout the day and masterfully executed a successful two-minute drive during situational team drills. Brees are clearly the most efficient quarterback on the field.
Afterward, Saints veterans Zach Strief and Luke McCown both told me unsolicited that Brees was having one of the best camps of his career.
He looked as good as ever during the two-minute drill, calmly completing passes and marching the Saints in the red zone, then capping the drive with a touchdown pass to Brandin Cooks, who beat Patriots star corner Malcolm Butler in single coverage.
It was one of the clear highlights for the Saints.
Brady, meanwhile, was intercepted by Saints rookie Sheldon Rankins on the second snap of team drills and failed to earn a first down against the Saints' first-team defense in his turn in the two-minute offense.
--It's obviously impossible to make a full evaluation after one practice but Michael Thomas looks like a bona fide playmaker. The rookie from Ohio State already has earned the complete trust of every quarterback on the roster and has become a go-to receiver in key situations. That's heady stuff and a positive sign for a rookie two weeks into his first NFL training camp.
--Rookie Sheldon Rankins flashed the athleticism that attracted the Saints to him during the NFL Draft. On the second snap of team drills, the burly defensive tackle intercepted Brady on a screen pass at the line of scrimmage and then rambled down the sideline for an apparent score. The hand-eye coordination required to make the pick was impressive.
--Patriots coach Bill Belichick is sending a clear message to everyone that there will be no quarterback controversy here regardless of how well Jimmy Garoppolo performs as starter during the first four games of the season. Brady is listed No. 1 on the depth chart and received the bulk of the reps with the first-team offense. Garappolo will start in Weeks 1-4 but the clear No. 1 is Brady. Case closed.
--It's been well documented how well young cornerbacks P.J. Williams, Ken Crawley and De'Vante Harris are playing and the trio flashed again on Tuesday. Harris made a nice diving interception of Garoppolo when he outfought Aaron Dobson for the ball on a crossing route. Crawley had a couple of nice pass break-ups and showed a nose for the ball. What's more, all three play with the swagger necessary for the position.
--Thomas Morstead is going to have a big year. Morstead's 45.6-yard average last season was the second lowest of his career but he's healthy again and it showed on Tuesday when he boomed several monster punts with impressive hang time.
--Sean Payton was unhappy with the competitiveness of his perimeter corps at the line of scrimmage versus Patriots defensive backs. More often than not, he said the Patriots disrupted the timing of the Saints' passing attack because they were able to successfully tie up his receivers in press coverage. As a result, Brees and Luke McCown were forced to check down their passes to running backs out of the backfield.
--Hardly earth-shattering news here, but Garrett Grayson is a distant third on the quarterback depth chart. Grayson has improved from his rookie season but at this point is not a threat to veteran McCown, who has a stranglehold on the backup spot behind Brees.
--The most interesting thing Belichick said during his pre-practice press conference was his admission that he encourages his quarterbacks to take more chances in practice than they do in games. He prods his QBs to try to fit passes into tight windows or throw balls into crowds that they might not during games. Obviously, he said, it's better for a player to discover what he can and can't do during practice than to make those mistakes when it counts.
--The mutual respect between the two organizations was evident throughout the day. The competition was physical and intense but both sides maintained discipline. Only one minor confrontation developed, a brief stand-off between Saints cornerback Reggie Bell and Patriots cornerback Justin Coleman, there was little trash-talking. Reflective of their respective head coaches, a business-like atmosphere prevailed.
--To that end, the Patriots clearly wanted to make the Saints feel welcome. Two of the first songs played on the p.a. system during pre-practice stretching were Saints' staples: "Boys of Fall," by Kenny Chesney; and "Halftime: Stand Up and Get Crunk," by Ying Yang Twins.
Written by Eric Ward and Garrett French, and published by Entrepreneur Press, The Ultimate Guide To Link Building continues to rank among Amazon's top titles in the field.
Still Available Via
||
Already read the book? Subscribe to LinkMoses Private, Eric's monthly linking strategy report/newsletter and receive the latest advice, tips, techniques, live video Q/As, and PLAs (Publicity/Link/Awareness Alerts). LinkMoses Private newsletter has subscribers in over 20 countries.
“Essential reading for anyone looking to work for me in the Link Development arena. My own staff included”
– Dixon Jones, Founder of Receptional, UK-based internet marketing consultants
Learn How To:
Increase and improve your link prospecting
Reach out to people to build links without begging
to build links without begging Analyze linkworthy content in your industry and learn from it
Identify your industry's key influencers and build rapport with them
and build rapport with them Strengthen relationships to protect your hard-earned links from competitors
Bonus Content – 100 Hand Picked Link Building Resources
Below, book authors Eric Ward and Garrett French have curated a link collection of 100+ link building related resources, tools, news and more. This page is not intended to be all-inclusive, but rather to showcase a variety of high caliber linking resources available on the web. Know of one we should consider? Find a broken one? Contact us. And for monthly linking strategy advice, subscribe to Eric's newsletter LinkMoses Private.
Recently Added Link Building Resources
Discover the Secret to Earning HUGE Backlinks Without Hiring an Agency (outstanding ebook from Matt LaClear)
Marketing School from Neil Patel (10 minute daily podcast is fantastic)
Table of Twitter Advanced Search Operators
cognitiveSEO – Recommended! (link building section)
30 White Hat Creative Link Building Techniques
The Advanced Guide to Link Building
Link Building News
SearchEngineLand.com (link building section)
SearchEngineWatch.com (link building section)
SearchEngineJournal.com (link building section)
clickz.com (link building section)
WebProNews.com (link building section)
SEORoundtable.com
Link Building Blogs
citationlabs.com/blog/
linkspiel.com
yoast.com
pointblankseo
clickz.com/category/search/search-marketing
linkbuildr.com
rosshudgens.com
stonetemple.com
seo-theory.com/?s=link+building
linkfishmedia.com/blog
toprankblog.com/category/seo/link-building/
wolf-howl.com
verticalmeasures.com
wiep.net
ninebyblue.com
seosmarty.com
SEERintertactive.com
davidmihm.com/blog/category/local-seo/local-interest/
Link Building Strategies
Link Building Strategies  The Complete List
SEOTheory Premium
Link Building Strategies: 2013 Edition (slideshare)
131 (Legitimate) Link Building Strategies
LinkMoses Private
Linking Data Tools
cognitiveSEO – Recommended!
opensiteexplorer.org
majesticseo.com
ahrefs.com
linkdiagnosis.com
commoncrawl.org
wholinkstome.com
linkdetective.com
linkresearchtools.com
linkdetox.com
From The Engines
Google Webmaster Tools
Bing Webmaster Central
seoblog.blekko.com
Yandex Webmaster
Link Builders on Twitter
https://twitter.com/ericward/linkbuildingexperts
https://twitter.com/wiep/link-building
https://twitter.com/momentum/link-builders
https://twitter.com/dannysullivan/searchmarketing
https://twitter.com/wilreynolds
https://twitter.com/leeodden/search-marketing
http://www.searchenginepeople.com/blog/1504-link-building-experts-twitter.html
Link Building Tweets
https://twitter.com/search?q=link%20building
Link Builders on Google+
https://plus.google.com/u/0/s/link%20building/communities
Linking Process Mgt
buzzstream.com/link-building
Microsoft Excel for SEOs
linkresearchtools.com
raventools.com
advancedlinkmanager.com
Research/Prospecting
linkprospector.citationlabs.com
wordtracker.com/linkbuilder
soloseo.com/tools/
buzzstream.com
ontolo.com
Link-Prospecting-Using-Google-Search
Local Link/Citation Growth
getlisted.org
whitespark.ca/local-citation-finder
Guest Blogging
myblogguest.com
Free Link Analysis Tools
Screamingfrog SEO Spider Tool
Xenu Link Sleuth (still useful after all these years)
Extensions and Add-Ons: Firefox
yoast.com/tools/seo/link-analysis/
tools.seobook.com/firefox/seo-for-firefox.html
http://tools.seobook.com/link-tools/
seoquake.com
seomoz.org/seo-toolbar
quirk.biz/searchstatus/
addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/search-everywhere/
Extensions and Add-Ons: Chrome
chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/linkclump/
chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/check-my-links/
chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/copy-link-address/
chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/multilink/
seoquake.com
seomoz.org/seo-toolbar
Linking Training Courses
linkingmatters.com
http://www.alliance-link.com/debra-mastaler/
seomoz.org/blog/category/whiteboard-friday
training.seobook.com/link-building
searchenginecollege.com/link-building-course/
www.cemper.com/l/advanced-link-building-training/
ericward.com/onsite.html
Interviews, Experts, and Compilations
sugarrae.com/link-development/link-building-experts-2012/
searchengineland.com/2012-our-best-link-building-posts-of-the-year
kaiserthesage.com/link-building-posts-2012/
Link Building Writers
searchengineland.com/author/erin-everhart
searchengineland.com/author/julie-joyce
searchengineland.com/author/debra-mastaler
searchengineland.com/author/eric-ward
searchenginewatch.com/author/1852/garrett-french
searchenginewatch.com/author/1900/ken-mcgaffin
searchenginewatch.com/author/1804/eric-enge
searchenginewatch.com/author/1855/peter-van-der-graaf
www.seo-theory.com/?s=link+building (Michael Martinez)
searchengineland.com/author/shari-thurow
wiep.net/link-building-articles/
rimmkaufman.com/blog/author/audette/ (Adam Audette)
rosshudgens.com/best-of/
Other Linking Tools Roundups
http://www.stateofdigital.com/24-link-building-tools/
Testimonials:
Practical. Professional. Probably your last link book bought, ever.
–Ruud Hein, Toronto SEO with Search Engine People
If you are at all serious about link building, this book is a must-have for your library. Designed to be a true link building guide, it provides a step-by-step approach in a unique, organized manner. I just loved the ‘preciprocation' concept, I think you will too.
– Arnie Kuenn, Founder and President of Vertical Measures Link Building Company
Reviews for The Ultimate Guide to Link Building Book
…“The Ultimate Guide To Link Building is pure gold. With its incredibly valuable link building information, The Ultimate Guide To Link Building is the only book you'll ever need to read. If you're a beginner you'll be taught everything you need to know. If you're pretty good at link building then this will take you to the next level. If you're an expert you'll have an excellent reference work. I highly recommend The Ultimate Guide To Link Building to anyone interested in SEO.
– Jeroen Van Gils, Recent Reviews.
…“This book really is excellent. Eric gets away from the approach of so many who just try to exploit tips and tricks that have short term focus only. The Ultimate Guide to Link Building gives a rock solid basis of how to build a long-term high authority foundation of links. I am a subscriber to his Link Moses private email, and without question he is one of the few who really have “been there” and “done that” at the highest levels. He breaks down what works and doesn't, and more importantly why.
-Brian Mayo, http://www.talktotucker.com/brian.mayo
…“Eric's book dispels all the myths about link building and will teach you how to do it the right way! This is hands down the best book that I have found on link building. It gives you step-by-step instructions and tools to help you find and acquire the best links for your business.
-Nathan K. Smith, AustinTenantAdvisors.com
…“designed and marketed websites professionally since 2001, and for me Eric Ward has been on my radar as a world link building authority for most of that time, but he's been an authority for a lot longer. Along with Garrett French this is a great match up. This book has got something in it for everyone, from the beginner to the expert. Yes, there are loads of free information written on the web about link building every day, but the opportunity to have all the very best link building advice available in one book shouldn't be missed.
-Mark Reynolds, Owner & Founder – Blazen Web Marketing
…“As a subscriber to Eric Ward's private link building forum, his expertise in the field of link building made purchasing the book a given. I've been with the Kindle version of the book for a couple of weeks now, and can I say it takes Eric's authority on the topic to another level. The book is concise and clear, yet goes into a great deal of detail on aspects of link building I haven't seen covered anywhere before. I found myself reading back over chapters two or three times to make sure I'm not missing anything. If you have an interest in the field of SEO and in particular link building, you must have this book. Its an authoritative reference you'll find yourself going back to over and over again. You wont find a better SEO related book anywhere!
– David Metcalf, BirdBrain Logic
…“Eric Ward and Garrett Ward have decades of experience helping clients improve their businesses. And in the Ultimate Guide to Link Building, they have distilled this experience into lessons that anyone can follow. The work they prescribe is tedious, but the rewards for doing things the right way will be well worth your trouble. If you are interested in creating an authoritative website with high quality, link worthy content, this book is the perfect guide.
–Tim S Huntley, CEO at Centervention
…“Eric really tells you step by step how to build long lasting links. The book is a must not only for newcomers but also for seasoned link builders, especially after the arrival of Panda and Penguin updates. His approach is natural and logical, in that every tip he gives makes a lot of sense.
– Stefano Sandano, PC Dcotor New York
…“I am always looking for ways make sense of large data structures. I have finally found a resource book that fits my thinking, lays open the world of content and links in a fascinating manner and has planted seeds in my business model for literally years of future research, exploration, study and growth. Thank you Eric and Garrett for putting into writing the definitive word on the underlying structure of the Internet.
– Joe Hayden, Joe Hayden Real Estate
…“This is the bible on link building. If you want to know how to market your website on the Internet, you should check out this book. What I love the most about this book is that it doesn't just focus on linking but forming relationships with businesses in your industry. The books walk you through a number of different techniques to locate link prospects. It starts out with the basics and every chapter builds on previous chapters. I find myself constantly referring to Chapter 8 which is entitled “Link Prospecting.”
– Randall Joseph, ToyBuzz
…“I like about Eric as he states in the beginning of this book is that link building starts with great content and is a natural progression from it. The book and Eric's information has made me re-think my whole outlook on SEO. Looking forward to creating valuable content with my sites and using Eric's link building tips to build them up.
– Davin Paul, davinpaul.com
…“have been following Eric Ward now for about a year now and he gives excellent link building advice. This book is full of useful advice that is easy to follow for beginners but is also really useful for SEO professionals. I would say it is a definate read for anyone wanting to build backlinks to their website in a correct and white hat manner.
– John Hinds, www.lojix.co.uk
…“a member of Link Moses Private Newsletters I've been looking forward to the release of this book since we heard it was due to be printed. It's the level of detail and processes within the book that helps me to understand how to deliver ethical SEO for clients when conducting link building / content linking campaigns. It's my go-to guide everyday, I'd be lost without it!
– Farky Rafiq, liquid-silver-marketing.co.uk
…“this holistic approach to link building plus all of the ingenius methods that Eric Ward and Garrett French cover is well worth the price of the book. This really isn't a book but more of a manual – one to be highlighted, marked up, dog eared and within arms reach if you are serious about link building.
– Chris Gregory, DAGMAR Marketing
…“Ultimate Guide to Link Building does a wonderful job reducing the daunting job of link building into a set of smaller, identifiable tasks. You familiarize yourself with each task, make appropriate annotations throughout the book, and simply follow the instructions, advancing from one task to the next. This highly structured approach makes the book equally useful to an accomplished SEO professional, to a webmaster in charge of maintaining clients website, or a to a small business owner trying to establish a simple web presence.
-Michael Dorf, learncomputer.com
Ultimate Guide to Link Building: How to Build Backlinks, Authority and Credibility for Your Website, and Increase Click Traffic and Search Ranking
By Eric Ward and Garret French (Entrepreneur Press Ultimate Series)
Order The Book Now Via
||
MOBILE, Ala. — How did the Alabama Crimson Tide not find a way to use tight end O.J. Howard more often? Even he doesn't know.
“I have no idea, honestly man,” Howard said at the Senior Bowl. “It was kind of a question mark my whole career about that, but I've never been able to give an answer to this day.”
Howard came to Alabama as the top tight end recruit in the nation and a consensus five-star prospect, but finished his career with just seven touchdown receptions. His only two games with more than 100 receiving yards were his pair of national championship performances against Clemson.
“I can be a guy like that every game,” Howard said. “Being able to make those plays in big moments is huge, but I feel like I'm the type of player who can do that consistently.
“It was a little bit that the game plan was different and a little bit just being able to make plays -- in the right place at the right time and having the opportunities. I was thankful for those games, I got the opportunity to show off the ability that I have in those last two games on a big stage.”
In the two games against Clemson, Howard racked up nine receptions, 314 receiving yards and three touchdowns. In his other 55 games, Howard had just four touchdowns and averaged 2.1 receptions and 25.1 yards.
The reality is that tight end hasn't been a position used much during Nick Saban's era of dominance as head coach of the Crimson Tide. Howard's 33 receptions in 2015 were the most ever for a tight end during Saban's time at Alabama, and he topped that number with 45 receptions in 2016.
"O.J., quite honestly, should have been more involved all year long," Saban said last January after the Crimson Tide beat Clemson, 45-40. "Sometimes he was open and we didn't get him the ball. But I think the last two games have been breakout games for him in terms of what he's capable of and what he can do. I would say it's bad coaching on my part that he didn't have the opportunity to do that all year long."
Yet, Howard had even fewer receiving yards as a senior.
“[NFL scouts] ask me sometimes how did I stay focused and I told them that I'm the type of person if I get so disappointed and frustrated about that, it shows on the field,” Howard said. “So I had to stay focused and do what's best for myself and my future. That's how I stayed positive through the process.”
On the practice field in Mobile, Howard has looked like every bit like the player who shined on the national championship stage.
Just too easy for O.J. Howard pic.twitter.com/gqCqAdHzny — Marcus Mosher (@Marcus_Mosher) January 25, 2017
“All of these guys are really good, but one guy who kind of shocked me was O.J. Howard,” South Team quarterback Antonio Pipkin of Division II Tiffin University said. “I threw him a vertical today on a touchdown and he really went to go get it. I didn't think he was going to get to it, but he picked up speed to get there and I was shocked to see a tight end go that fast.”
NFL Network's Mike Mayock said that he believes Howard could be the first player from the Senior Bowl to go off the board in the 2017 NFL Draft.
“You can see he's really worked on his blocking and has improved in that area,” Mayock said, via NFL.com. “He has a perfect combination of height, weight, speed, toughness, and athletic ability. The comparison I have for him is Greg Olsen. If you have a chance to draft a Greg Olsen, you go get him.”
Why Alabama seemingly had no use of a Greg Olsen-type tight end is a question with no good answer. But Howard's ready to put up numbers in the NFL that he never had the chance to in college.
"When we visited with Tim Cook, he said that walking down streets in China one sees people speaking into their phones sending voice rather than text messages. Porting this capability to the watch makes sense as it is easier to send a voice message from a device already on the wrist than pulling out a phone. It also could aid penetration of China, which Cook said has a ways to go."
UBS analyst Steve Milunovich recently had a chance to meet up with Tim Cook, as detailed in a new note Milunovich sent to investors on Tuesday (via Fortune ). During the meeting, Cook reportedly touched on the subject of voice messaging and based on Cook's comments, Milunovich is predicting a voice messaging app as a key feature of Apple's upcoming iWatch.Cook's comments on voice messaging were likely in relation to a new feature built into Messages in iOS 8, which allows users to record and send audio messages. In iOS 8, the Messages app has a new Microphone icon located to the right of the text box, which can be held down to record a quick voice message.It is not known if Apple has plans to build a similar feature into the iWatch, but it is not out of the realm of possibility. Rumors have previously suggested Siri's voice-recognition capabilities might play an important role on the device given its limited screen size, and voice messages may be another natural fit.Apple's iWatch is said to be entering production in the near future, in preparation for a possible October launch . The device, which is expected to run a version of iOS 8 , is believed to be reliant on existing iOS devices for some of its core Phone and Messages functionality. Current rumors suggest it may have multiple screen sizes up to 2.5-inches in size , a range of health-related sensors, and a multitude of designs to suit different fashion tastes.
OKTOBERFEST LONDON was cancelled today
The booze-filled event, which is London's very own answer to Munich's annual OktoberFest, was called off today after organisers were unable to cope with the huge crowds of revellers that turned up for the opening night, according to reports. The announcement was made today by Tobacco Dock London in Canary Wharf, just 20 minutes before the first session was due to kick off there at 12pm.
They tweeted: "Due to operational issues identified last night the decision has been made to cancel all further @OktoberFestLDN sessions. "All ticket holders should contact @OktoberFestLDN for refunds details will be posted on their website." Confirming the news, the official OktoberFest London was taken down today and replaced with the following statement: "Due to unforeseen circumstances the OktoberFest London event has been cancelled. "The ticket holders are requested to keep hold of their tickets for the event, and the company will inform all ticket holders of the procedure for claiming a refund as soon as possible."
OKTOBERFEST LONDON The event is London's own version of the popular Munich attraction
GETTY Thousands of pints were to be imported for the booze-filled event
Tickets for the event started at £10 but soared up to £1,000 for special VIP tables. James Potter, a surveyor from Esher, Surrey, had a VIP table for 10 booked which is said to have cost £600 for the afternoon OktoberFest session.
I am hugely p***** off James Potter
The 44-year-old said he was "hugely p***** off" after receiving a notification that the event had been cancelled at 11:22am - minutes before the session was due to start at 12pm. He told The Evening Standard: “I am now standing here at Wapping tube station and all my friends are en route. Some have come from Nottingham for this. "We have a table for 10 VIP places booked and it has just been cancelled with no explanation. It cost us £600. It is unbelievable. Totally unbelievable. I am hugely p***** off.” Angry and left disappointedly sober following the news, others hoping to attend the event soon took to Twitter to express their disappointment.
@TobaccoDockLon gutted to hear Oktoberfest London has been cancelled. Could you please tell me how to get a refund? Thanks. — Nina Evans (@ninaevans22) October 9, 2015
OktoberFest London cancelled half an hour before it's due to open. wut. — Josh (@jo55_hhh) October 9, 2015
So Oktoberfest London is cancelled with twenty mins to go...What that saying about a p*ss up in a brewery...??? — Sharon Mumby (@MumbySharon) October 9, 2015
On its website, organisers promised: “Over four days you can experience everything that makes Oktoberfest, held in the wooden halls of Tobacco Dock. "We'll have live music, full Oktoberfest decoration and thousands of people going crazy for the authentic Oktoberfest experience. "Along with steins, you'll get the best German food catered by the award-winning Herman Ze German.” Last month it was reported that Germany could face a beer shortage as a record number of pints were to be shipped in for OktoberFest London. This year more than 200,000 pints of traditional German lager were to be imported specially for the event.
Update: Comixology has said it made a mistake in its interpretation of Apple's policies and that the comic will be available through its app soon.
Two "postage stamp-sized images of gay sex" have led Apple to ban an acclaimed new comic by Brian K Vaughan, the award-winning author has announced.
Vaughan, who has won multiple prizes from the comic book industry for his work on series including Ex Machina and Y: The Last Man, has issued a statement condemning Apple's treatment of the latest issue of Saga. Pitched by its publisher, Image Comics, as "for mature readers", the science fiction series follows the adventures of new parents Marko and Alana as they struggle to raise their child during a never-ending galactic war. Out this week, the new issue features two small images of gay sex – or, as Locke and Key author Joe Hill described them, "an image of a man with a TV set for a head, and a picture on that TV set of a man giving a blow job" – which can be seen on the Comic Book Resources website..
"As has hopefully been clear from the first page of our first issue, Saga is a series for the proverbial 'mature reader'. Unfortunately, because of two postage stamp-sized images of gay sex, Apple is banning tomorrow's Saga #12 from being sold through any iOS apps," said Vaughan on his publisher's website.
"This is a drag, especially because our book has featured what I would consider much more graphic imagery in the past, but there you go.
"Fiona [Staples, the comic's artist] and I could always edit the images in question, but everything we put into the book is there to advance our story, not [just] to shock or titillate, so we're not changing shit."
The ban is being vehemently opposed by the books industry. Hill called it "bullshit", while Neuromancer author William Gibson described the move as "homophobic adult comic-banning embarrassment", adding on Twitter: "What a sad place for such a supposedly smart firm to find itself, in 2013."
"This is shitty and wrong and Apple's AppStore needs to get out of the censorship business. I don't need help figuring out what is and isn't appropriate for me to read; I'm capable of doing that myself. Thanks, though," wrote Hill on his blog. "Let's also note that this is all about the sex in question being of the gay variety. There's plenty of similar heterosexual content schmeered all over the app store and the iTunes music store … But this microscopic image of a dude giving a blow? Apple ain't having it. And they've decided you aren't either."
Charlie Jane Anders at science fiction site io9 said that most issues of Saga featured "some intense stuff, including straight sex, bloody violence, and childbirth. There are bare breasts, surreal images, and things like child prostitution. And despite some mental images that might freak you out a bit, that's why Saga is such a great and popular comic – it depicts a future that feels real".
"If you have to choose between Saga's gritty, insane view of the future and Apple's sterile, mindless version – and Apple is making you choose – pick Saga's, every time. It's the version that feels like one you could actually live in," wrote Anders.
Vaughan suggested readers either visit their "friendly neighbourhood comics shop" to pick up a physical copy of the issue instead – it is out today – or download it directly through sites such as Image Comics, or to non-Apple devices. "If all else fails, you might be able to find Saga #12 in Apple's iBookstore, which apparently sometimes allows more adult material to be sold than through its apps. Crazy, right?" he said.
The comic is, however, not currently available through the iBookstore, and Apple has not responded to a request for comment.
Last year Apple starred out the title of Naomi Wolf's Vagina, while Salwa Al Neimi's erotic novel The Proof of the Honey was pulled from the Apple Store because it featured a naked bottom on the cover.
It is now on sale in the store after publisher Europa Editions kicked up a fuss. And . In 2010 a comic book version of Ulysses was ruled too racy for Apple, but the company later changed its mind about allowing a naked Buck Mulligan to be shown in an iPad application, and the complete version of Ulysses Seen is also now available.
“When you have insurance reforms without requiring everyone to participate, it becomes a sickness fund, not an insurance system,” said Karen Ignagni, president of America's Health Insurance Plans, the national trade association representing the health insurance industry.
Mitt Romney , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, favors repeal of the law. He said last week that he would preserve coverage for people with pre-existing conditions, but only if they had been insured before and lost coverage when they were laid off or changed jobs, a more limited protection than the current law provides. He did not explain how he would get insurers to cover such people.
Some experts argue that even if the mandate is struck down, along with protections for people with pre-existing conditions, there are still options that could lift them to a more secure place.
States would still have regulatory powers, said Sara Rosenbaum, a professor of health law and policy at George Washington University , and the law contains tools to encourage voluntary participation. The penalty for people who do not participate is so weak, she added, that even with the mandate, enrollment was expected to be low at first anyway.
It is people like Eric Richter and his wife, Dani — uninsured and living in the unstable space between poverty and the middle class — that the law was intended to help. They earned too much to qualify for government-sponsored health care, but worked in jobs that did not come with health benefits.
Under the law, about half the newly insured would be covered by Medicaid , which would extend to individuals earning less than $15,400. The other half, the working poor, individuals with incomes up to $44,600, would receive subsidies.
According to a subsidy calculator provided by the Kaiser Family Foundation, the Richters' insurance premium would be $165 a month under the new law, a sum they said they would eagerly pay. The small stone drilling firm where Mr. Richter works offers no health coverage, and the family could not afford the more than $600 a month it would have cost to buy it on their own.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's hard to pay for the unknown, when you're struggling to cover the known,” said Mr. Richter, who is 39. “I know it sounds irresponsible, but that's just the way it was. It's a game of roulette you hope you're going to win.”
After he got the tumor on his leg, the couple said, Mr. Richter tried to better his odds. He cut out sugar and ate beets he grew in his garden because he heard that might help. But the bump kept growing. His wife sewed him special pants to accommodate its size, as big as a melon. He started standing in church. Driving was excruciating.
When they found he had cancer, the family struggled with how they would pay for his care. Once he was turned away from a scan because he did not have insurance. Eventually a doctor took him under his wing, and insisted he be treated.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In late May, Mr. Richter had surgery. He is waiting for the bill. He has not been able to work as he recuperates.
But a piece of bad luck may solve the family's insurance problem, at least for now. Mrs. Richter lost her job at an electronic records firm. A hospital financial adviser told them that with their income effectively zero and the medical bills mounting, they might qualify for Medicaid. They are waiting to hear.
“We're back to crossing our fingers,” Mrs. Richter said.
The Richters would benefit from the law, but in a sign of how poorly it is understood, they said their impression was that it would force people to pay for something they cannot afford. “That's not going to go over well,” Mr. Richter said. The law includes an exemption for people who cannot afford the premium even with the subsidy.
Currently, uninsured people with pre-existing conditions often end up getting care, but at tremendous cost to the public, hospitals, and themselves. Some divorce to have household incomes small enough to qualify for Medicaid. Others get help from hospital charities. Still others rack up large bills that go to debt collection agencies.
JoAnna Hanson, a mother of three in Lincoln, Neb., who works the night shift at a Walmart , said she tried for years to get health insurance, but because of a rare kidney ailment did not succeed. When a cyst burst in an ovary several years ago and she was rushed to the hospital, her bill was sent to a collection agency. A total of $330 a month is now sliced from her and her husband's paychecks, more than a tenth of their income.
“The thing we worry about most is, do we pay the rent or do we feed our kids?” said Ms. Hanson, who is 34. They have not paid rent on their trailer's lot in three months.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Still, though the law would benefit her, she does not like it.
“I don't think it's right because you can't force someone to buy something when they can't afford it,” she said.
But some of those already benefiting from the law like it. Pamela Garland, a retired corrections officer in Lincoln, Neb., found herself uninsured with a cancer diagnosis in February. No one would cover her, and after 44 years of marriage, she and her husband, Norman, even considered divorce so Mrs. Garland, who is 63, could qualify for Medicaid.
One night in April, up late in the hospital computer center, Mr. Garland found a better solution: The Pre-existing Condition Insurance Plan, financed through the new law, would take his wife despite her tumor. The plan offers subsidized coverage under the Affordable Care Act. The $421 monthly premium was based on her age, not her illness.
“It was the best thing that our government has done for us in many, many years,” he said, sitting in the small apartment they rent since selling their house to help pay medical bills.
Without that coverage, Mr. Garland said, his wife probably would not have gotten the quality of care she later received — a new high-tech radiation treatment that stopped the tumor growth near her spine and cost about $107,000. The plan, intended as a bridge, is set to expire on Jan. 1, 2014, when major provisions of the law are scheduled to take effect.
With the law's fate uncertain, participants in the plan are worried, like Maryann Kaine, 52, a music store owner in Fredricksburg, Va., who signed up for the program after she was shut out of her family's policy because she had had surgery on her back.
“I can't imagine that they'll just dump all of us back out into the world of no coverage,” she said.
Today is the first in a new series of posts where I share a review of random unappreciated stuff.
I stumbled across Experimenter while doing my nightly Netflix surf. Anything above a four-star rating usually catches my eye, begging further attention in the form of a synopsis reading or in extreme circumstances, an internet search. I must have read the synopsis for Experimenter on no less than five separate occasions before I finally caved and decided to watch it, each time resulting in a knowing nod followed by “Ohhhhh, that guy from those experiments from Psych 101.”
For anyone who didn't take Psychology 101 in undergrad, Stanley Milgram, played perfectly by Peter Sarsgaard (a buried treasure in his own right), conducted a number of psychological experiments revolving around obedience in the 1960's. I'm not going to go into what the experiments entail as the movie largely revolves around them and describes them better than I ever could. Suffice it to say the methodology and results of Dr. Milgram's experiments are quite shocking in a way that still influences social psychology to this day and the movie conveys both in a way that makes it hard not to reflect on your own agentic status.
The conveyance of this rich and sometimes complicated subject matter is aided by one of my favorite conventions – breaking the fourth wall. Whether its Frank Underwood showing us that he is just as sinister as we think he is, Wade Wilson cracking wise, or Jared Vennett guiding us through a mortgage bubble, speaking directly to the audience has come back into style. Breaking the fourth wall can serve to lighten the burden of expository material that is too cumbersome for conventional storytelling and at times can be used to draw the audience closer to the speaker, making it seem like you're somehow in cahoots or in the know. Experimenter marries both of these uses to bring you closer to both the psychology behind the experiments and the man behind the experiments.
This photo of John Unger, of Bayfield, Wis., swimming in Lake Superior with his dog, Schoep, has been seen around the world. Photo by Hannah Stonehouse Hudson.
A SAD UPDATE from the Duluth News Tribune: Schoep, the Bayfield dog tenderly photographed with his owner, died Wednesday at age 20. Schoep and John Unger became Internet celebrities last year as the photograph of the pair in the waters of Lake Superior went viral. The news was announced Thursday on the Facebook page for Schoep and Unger. There was no immediate word on the circumstances of Schoep's death. The News Tribune also had reported that for his birthday last month, the shepherd mix received more than 1,000 cards wishing him well.
Original post: Anyone who has swum in the chilly water of Lake Superior knows that it could wake Rip Van Winkle. Maybe that's why a photo of a Bayfield, Wisc., man swimming with his dog, who appears to be asleep in the man's arms, has charmed so many people.
The photo shows John Unger and his 19-year-old shepherd mix, Schoep. And sure enough, cold water or not, Schoep appears to be asleep. Turns out, according to a story in the Duluth News Tribune, that Schoep, who suffers from arthritis, finds the buoyancy of the water so relaxing and therapeutic that it often lulls him to sleep.
The moment was captured on July 31 by wedding photographer Hannah Stonehouse Hudson. She posted it to her Facebook page, where it so far has been "liked" by more than 192,000 people. It has drawn more than 22,000 comments. A news story said it had been viewed more than 1.8 million times. And, says Julie McGarvie, of Penumbra Theater in St. Paul, who is married to Unger's brother, Stonehouse and Unger have received thousands of emails.
Unger and his ex-wife adopted Schoep as a puppy 18 years ago from an Ozaukee County human society. Adding poignancy to the story is that Unger recently took Schoep to the vet for various ailments. Unger told the Duluth paper he was uncertain how many more times he would be able to take his dog for a swim.
Release News
Joomla! 3.7.2 Release
Joomla! 3.7.2 is now available. This is a bug fix release for the 3.x series of Joomla. This release fixes some bugs in file mime checks, module page filtering as well as some other bugs and several other minor improvements.
This release only contains bug fixes that were inadvertently introduced in recent version and is focused on stabilising the 3.7 series by rectifying them.
What's in 3.7.2?
Joomla! 3.7.2 fixes some issues found in Joomla! 3.7.1 as well as introducing some improvements.
Bug Fixes
Fix mime checks #16091
Clear cache with more operations #15606
Setting week numbers to display per default #16117
Fix Page filtering in the Modules manager #16118
Fix Copy Reference to Target issue #16178
Allow multiple values for the integer field #16153
Visit GitHub for the full list of bug fixes.
Please see the documentation wiki for FAQ's regarding the 3.7.2 release.
Download
Upgrade Packages
Joomla! 3 upgrade packages Note: Please read the update instructions before updating. Please remember to backup your site before updating and to clear your site, administrator and browser cache after updating.
If you find a bug in Joomla! 3.7.2 please report it on the Joomla! Issue Tracker.
How can you help Joomla! development?
There are a variety of ways in which you can get actively involved with Joomla. It doesn't matter if you are a coder, an integrator, or a user of Joomla. You can contact anyone in the Production Department, to get more information, or if you are ready you can jump right into the Joomla! Bug Squad.
The Joomla! Bug Squad is always looking for people (not just developers) that can help with sorting bug reports, coding patches and testing solutions. It's a great way for increasing your working knowledge of Joomla, and also a great way to meet new people from all around the world. If you are interested, please read about us on the Joomla! Documentation Wiki and, if you wish to join, email The Bug Squad Coordinator.
You can also help Joomla! development by thanking those involved in the many areas of the process.
A Huge Thank You to Our Volunteers!
A big thank-you goes out to everyone that contributed to the 3.7.2 release.
Spread the Joomla! Love
Has Joomla! helped you do your job better, saved you money, allowed you to do more with your web site? You can help others experience the same results and find out about this great Open Source Content Management System by telling others.
Share the news!
Don't forget to visit the Joomla! 3.7 Landing Page to get an overview of the new features, to download our wide range of imagery, publicly available at Joomla 3.7 Imagery page. You can also find the Joomla! 3.7 video on our YouTube channel, already available in 30 languages.
We would love you to spread the Joomla! love and get the word out to your network.
Are you a journalist, blogger or evangelist?
Please feel free to get in touch with the email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. for interviews and other content.
Make the next Joomla! release even better
Joomla! 3.8, 3.9 and 4.0 are already in the works. If you would like to help improve them you can make a direct difference. Join the Joomla! Volunteer community and contribute your skills and time to help Joomla! grow even more.
If you've ever had a table at a convention, or had your work in a gallery, you've experienced the sharp sting of a stranger's silent judgement. “How are you enjoying the show?” you ask as they walk by. They look down at your work and scowl, moving on wordlessly to buy some crappy fan art from the next table over. Your soul wilts. Now you can experience that virtually to, with Passpartout, a simulation of the French art world.
You play as a painter, struggling to strike a balance between authenticity and paying your bills (rent, wine, baguettes). You start by painting a self-portrait and putting it up in your gallery. Guests come in, either to rudely comment, or make a purchase—in my case it was a rude comment 90 percent of the time.
an emphasis on the performativity of the whole art scene
“Too overworked,” says a guest. So you go abstract and simple, four squares in bright colors. “I want something calmer than this,” says another guest, so you paint a bunch of squiggly blue lines in different shades, which they walk by without a glance. “My three year old puts more effort in than this,” says yet another guest. Then the canvas that you literally just threw a single red line on catches his eye. “Perfect for my man cave!” he exclaims, handing you some euros and walking away with the painting you were certain was the worst.
Of course, if you work hard, make enough art, and are better at painting with a mouse than I am, you could make it as a proper artist in this game. With diligence, you can do more than just make rent and buy baguettes, you can get bigger, fancier galleries to work in and house your art. So more people can come by and tell you something you don't know about art.
Passpartout has an emphasis on the performativity of the whole art scene, opening the game with red curtains, and having the scene set with a cut away building, and cardboard props out front. The characters are all made to look like puppets, and their lines repeat each other in a way that feels purposeful. You may want to yell, “None of you know what you're talking about! That's a piece of bacon with a baseball cap! It's not ‘exquisite!'” But that's the point. They're just pretending to know. But to play this game, you'll have to play theirs.
Learn more about Passpartout here. You can get access to the alpha version on its website.
The Government Pension Fund of Norway comprises two entirely separate sovereign wealth funds owned by the government of Norway. The Government Pension Fund Global, also known as the Oil Fund, was established in 1990 to invest the surplus revenues of the Norwegian petroleum sector. It has over US$1 trillion in assets, including 1.3% of global stocks and shares, making it the world's largest sovereign wealth fund.[1] In May 2018 it was worth about $195,000 per Norwegian citizen.[2] It also holds portfolios of real estate and fixed-income investments. Many companies are excluded by the fund on ethical grounds. The Government Pension Fund Norway is smaller and was established in 1967 as a type of national insurance fund. It is managed separately from the Oil Fund and is limited to domestic and Scandinavian investments and is therefore a key stockholder in many large Norwegian companies, predominantly via the Oslo Stock Exchange. Contents
Government Pension Fund Global Edit
Relationship to sovereignty Edit
The rise of globalization as the predominant political-economic system has had several key effects on states, especially in regards to interdependence and sovereignty. The erosion of fully independent socioeconomic structures has provoked new questions regarding the role of the state and its ability to project its sovereignty on a set of global economic systems that seem largely out of reach both legally and pragmatically for most states.[19] Sovereign wealth funds are an inherently nationalist type of investment vehicle, and there exists potential for their use as a mitigating force to the supranational forces of globalization.[19] The issue with this is that such practices may lead to a general increase in protectionism as nations attempt to wrestle back control of their economies from external forces, an outcome that most economic intergovernmental organizations, such as the International Monetary Fund, would like to see avoided.[20] Some commentators, like Professor Gordon L. Clark of the University of Oxford, express concerns regarding non-profit considerations motivating the practices of the GPG-G, especially in regards to its ethical concerns and how these considerations may be used as a means of exerting Norwegian standards on foreign firms.[19] On the other hand, the OECD has stated that sovereign wealth funds have had a stabilizing influence on international markets due to their ability to provide capital during times of domestic investor pessimism.[21] The OECD has taken steps to minimize the possibilities of economic protectionism by instituting the Freedom of Investment project, where participating states agree upon guiding sets of principles that seek to boost transparency and transnational investment, while also advising states on how to best handle issues of foreign investment in the sphere of national security.[21] Debate Edit As a result of the large size of the fund relative to the low number of people living in Norway (5.2 million people in 2017), the Oil Fund has become a hot political issue, dominated by three main issues: Whether the country should use more of the petroleum revenues for the state budget instead of saving the funds for the future. The main matter of debate is to what degree increased government spending would increase inflation.
Whether the high level of exposure (around 65 percent in 2017) to the highly volatile stock market is financially safe. Others claim that the high diversification and extreme long-term nature of the investments will dilute the risk and that the state is losing considerable amounts of money because of the low investment percentage in the stock market.
Whether the investment policy of the Petroleum Fund is ethical.
Concerns and potential outcomes Edit
Government Pension Fund – Norway Edit
The Government Pension Fund – Norway (Norwegian: Statens pensjonsfond Norge, SPN) was established by the National Insurance Act (Folketrygdloven) in 1967 under the name National Insurance Scheme Fund (Norwegian: Folketrygdfondet). The name was changed at the same time as the former Petroleum Fund, on 1 January 2006. It continues to be managed by a separate board and separate government entity, still named Folketrygdfondet. The Government Pension Fund – Norway had a value of NOK 240.2 billion at the end of 2017. Unlike the Global division, it is required to limit its investments to companies in the Norwegian, Swedish, Danish and Finnish stock markets, predominantly on the Oslo Stock Exchange. Thus, it is a key stock owner in many large Norwegian companies.
Notes Edit
a b c d e f g [33] The total divestment from the seven companies Alliant Techsystems Inc, EADS Co (European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company), General Dynamics Corporation, L3 Communications Holdings Inc, Lockheed Martin Corp, Raytheon Co and Thales SA was approx. $340 million. a b c d e f g 500 million USD.[35] The total divestment from the seven companies BAE Systems Plc, Boeing Co., Finmeccanica S.p.A., Honeywell International Inc., Northrop Grumman Corp., Safran SA and United Technologies Corp was apx. ^ EADS was initially excluded because it produced cluster munitions components, but the company later stopped such production. The exclusion was upheld because of the company's production of nuclear missiles.
See also Edit
When the Los Angeles Dodgers made a trade this past week with the Atlanta Braves, it came as a bit of a surprise that the team designated one of the players acquired for assignment once the deal was complete.
Left-hander Eric Stults was one of four players heading to the Dodgers in exchange for Juan Uribe and Chris Withrow, but the team immediately designated him for assignment. Dodgers president of baseball operations Andrew Friedman said the team would like to keep him if he cleared waivers. On Monday morning, that became a reality and Stults is still in the organization.
According to Chris Cotillo of MLB Daily Dish, the 35-year-old will join one of the Dodgers minor-league affiliates:
Source: Eric Stults staying with #Dodgers organization by accepting outright assignment to AA Tulsa. LA gets depth they wanted in trade. — Chris Cotillo (@ChrisCotillo) June 1, 2015
With the Braves in 2015, Stults was 1-5 with a 5.85 ERA in nine games (eight starts) before being traded. He signed with the team in February after spending the last three seasons with the San Diego Padres. This is Stults' second stint with the Dodgers after being drafted by them in 2002 and spending four years in Los Angeles from 2006-2009.
Stults becomes the latest depth piece in the never-ending search for pitching depth by Friedman and general manager Farhan Zaidi. The left-hander could build up some innings at Double-A before possibly moving up to Triple-A and if needed, the big leagues. The Dodgers have a five-man rotation as of now after Mike Bolsinger and Carlos Frias earned their roles; however, the team has already lost two starters for the year and Stults could very well find himself on the mound for the Dodgers.
[divide]
Alberto Callaspo Accepts Trade To Dodgers
Sexual reproduction in eukaryotes involves the fusion of haploid nuclei from both gametes. But the transmission of mitochondria and chloroplasts typically is limited to one of the gametes [1–3]. This pattern of uniparental inheritance (UPI) is nearly universal across eukaryotes, from isogamous protists with equal-sized gametes to animals and plants with extreme gamete-size asymmetry (i.e. oogamy and diminutive sperm). UPI is believed to facilitate purifying selection against deleterious mutations [4, 5], restrict intergenomic conflicts [6, 7] and limit heteroplasmy [8]. Cytoplasmic mixing, in contrast, reduces variation [5], impeding the efficacy of selection against defective organelles or selfish genetic elements [9, 10].
In isogamous organisms, nuclear genes restrict organelle transmission. Control can be “maternal” or “paternal”. Under “maternal” control, nuclear genes in one mating type destroy the mitochondria in the other mating type's gamete at or after fertilization. In multicellular organisms, such maternal control is equivalent to the targeting and elimination of paternal mitochondria from sperm within the zygote after fertilization. In contrast, under “paternal” control, nuclear genes in one mating type destroy their own mitochondria during gametogenesis, which is equivalent to the exclusion or disabling of mitochondria during spermatogenesis (before entering the oocyte) in multicellular organisms. Under these definitions, the mating type that contributes the greater number of mitochondria to the next generation is maternal, and the mating type contributing less is paternal. Multiple attempts at modelling the evolution of asymmetric organelle inheritance have concluded that paternally controlled organelle destruction is precluded because of the lack of long-term linkage between the paternal nuclear genotype and its own mitochondria, as the cytoplasm is exclusively maternally inherited [3, 11–13]. For simplicity, these theoretical studies modelled the evolution of asymmetric inheritance in isogamous organisms [11–13]. But the conclusion holds true for multicellular organisms with anisogamy, as the same problem remains — a paternal nuclear gene that causes the exclusion of sperm mitochondria cannot build up linkage with maternally inherited organelles, as this relationship is re-set every generation.
Previous theoretical work suggests that maternally controlled elimination of paternal mitochondria should dominate in nature. Some empirical observations are consistent with this. In Ascidian tunicates, for instance, male organelles are prevented from entering the oocyte [14], and in the fungal plant pathogen Ustilago maydis, lga2 and rga2 genes expressed in mating type a2 are responsible for the selective elimination of the opposite mating type's mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) after fusion, at the same time protecting the mtDNA of the mating type a2 [15]. In other cases, however, paternal mtDNA is eliminated without any involvement of the maternal mating type. For instance, paternal control of cytoplasmic inheritance operates in Drosophila melanogaster, where mtDNA is actively degraded during spermatogenesis [16]. Similar elimination of mtDNA during spermatogenesis has been reported in fish and mice [17, 18]. Furthermore, in several cases the control of mitochondrial inheritance involves both parents. For instance, mitochondria in bovine and primate sperm are modified with ubiquitin during spermatogenesis, which serves as a signal for selective degradation after gamete fusion [19], and in the isogamous basidiomycete Cryptococcus neoformans, SXI1α in MATα and SXI2a in MATa are both required for the UPI of MATa mitochondria [20]. In these cases, it appears that one mating type is responsible for tagging and the other for recognition and selective degradation of paternal organelles. A further example is maternally controlled autophagy that eliminates paternal mitochondria after fertilization in Caenorhadbitis elegans [21, 22], which has recently been demonstrated to be augmented by degradation of sperm mitochondria through paternal expression of the cps-6 mitochondrial endonuclease during spermatogenesis [23].
These examples make it clear that paternal or dual control mechanisms are a common feature of spermatogenesis. They point to a glaring inconsistency in the current theoretical view that cannot explain paternal involvement in mtDNA transmission. The striking diversity of maternal and paternal mechanisms involved in restricting paternal transmission of mitochondria indicates repeated evolutionary turnover [1–3]. This presents an additional puzzle, given that current theory points to a universal advantage of organelle transmission from one sex. A further challenge to current theoretical views has come with the advent of next-generation sequencing, demonstrating that paternal leakage of mitochondria and persistent heteroplasmy are not as rare as traditionally thought [24–26]. Some degree of biparental inheritance (BPI) has been documented in diverse groups of animals, including mammals, arthropods, fish and birds, involving both interspecific [27, 28] and intraspecific matings [29–35]. These observations show that mechanisms preventing the inheritance of paternal mtDNA might be leaky at best or prone to evasion and failure. While biparental transmission in hybrid crosses could be explained by incompatibilities in molecular organelle tagging and recognition machineries, it is not clear whether paternal leakage within populations is a breach of a strict rule or is adaptive in its own right. The enigmatic case of doubly uniparental inheritance (DUI) in bivalve molluscs, where heteroplasmy in male somatic tissues is common, points towards the latter [36], but a theoretical explanation is lacking.
To understand the evolution of paternal control, turnover in mechanisms of control and the high prevalence of paternal transmission of mitochondria, we consider a model of a unicellular species with isogamy in which either mating type can control mitochondrial inheritance. We assume that purifying selection against mitochondrial mutations is the major force selecting for biased transmission of mitochondria [5]. In contrast to previous work, we assume that paternal leakage of mitochondria is a continuous evolvable trait and use an adaptive dynamics approach to specify the conditions under which strict UPI or varying degrees of paternal leakage are evolutionarily stable. We show that mitochondrial mixing can be selected under paternal control of cytoplasmic transmission and negative epistasis. The work provides the first theoretical explanation for the prevalence of paternal leakage, heteroplasmy and the repeated evolution of diverse mechanisms of UPI.
Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis could be set for a Celebrity Big Brother comeback this summer.
The pair first appeared in last January's series where they hooked up before things quickly turned very messy on the outside.
The former couple, who are currently embroiled in a paternity dispute over Stephanie's new born baby Caben-Albi, could be set for a reunion on Celebrity Big Brother.
According to The Sun newspaper, the pair are 'top of the wishlist' for celebrities on this summer's new Celebrity Big Brother series.
Stephanie and Jeremy.
It's expected that the new run will again be an Star special, supposedly titled 'Summer Legends' to celebrate the 20th series.
A source spilled to The Sun newspaper: "Jeremy really enjoyed Celebrity Big Brother the first time round and would love to be a part of the Summer Legends series.
“A lot has happened since he last appeared on the show between him and Stephanie, but he knows them both joining the line-up would make incredible telly, and he's keen to keep his profile up."
The insider added: “They aren't on speaking terms at the moment but going back to where it all started for them in the Big Brother house may be exactly what they need to move forward – and viewers would love it.”
A spokesperson for Celebrity Big Brother told the publication: “We never comment on speculation around future housemates.”
In December Stephanie revealed she had been asked to take part in the most recent Celebrity Big Brother series which started in January.
Stephanie.
She explained: "I was asked to return to the show but I'll be at home focusing on being the best mum I can be, that's for sure.
"I thank CBB for so much though and for the journey it put me on. If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't have my son."
Celebrity Big Brother will return to Channel 5 in the summer.
The Catholic archdiocese of Dublin is close to a "state of financial collapse", according to a leaked consultation document from its Council of Priests.
The document blames a decrease in collections and declining participation at mass.
It also cites the cost of settlements made to clerical abuse victims.
The document, published by the Irish Catholic, says cash reserves built up by the diocese have been spent.
It suggested that all central administration posts must be assessed and pay cuts, in line with Irish public service pay reductions, must be considered by diocesan agencies and parish workers.
The document proposed the possibility of a parish based levy on Catholic families, which could raise up to 3m euros (£2.6m) a year.
A spokeswoman for the archdiocese confirmed the existence of the document. She said it was aimed at addressing the economic realities facing the archdiocese.
She said to make no changes would have serious financial consequences.
It is understood that members of the Council of Priests, which advises the archdiocese, are considering the document and will speak with priests at parish level and report back on their findings at a meeting in September.
Abstract
Ethnopharmacological relevance Food is medicine and vice versa. In Hindu and Ayurvedic medicine, and among human cultures of the Indian subcontinent in general, the perception of the food-medicine continuum is especially well established. The preparation of the exhilarating, gold-coloured Soma, Amrita or Ambrosia, the elixir and food of the ‘immortals'–the Hindu pantheon–by the ancient Indo-Aryans, is described in the Rigveda in poetic hymns. Different theories regarding the botanical identity of Soma circulate, but no pharmacologically and historically convincing theory exists to date. We intend to contribute to the botanical, chemical and pharmacological characterisation of Soma through an analysis of two historical Amrita recipes recorded in the Bower Manuscript. The recipes are referred therein as panaceas (clarified butter) and also as a medicine to treat nervous diseases (oil), while no exhilarating properties are mentioned. Notwithstanding this, we hypothesise, that these recipes are related to the ca. 1800 years older Rigvedic Soma. We suppose that the psychoactive Soma ingredient(s) are among the components, possibly in smaller proportions, of the Amrita recipes preserved in the Bower Manuscript.
Materials and methods The Bower Manuscript is a medical treatise recorded in the 6th century A.D. in Sanskrit on birch bark leaves, probably by Buddhist monks, and unearthed towards the end of the 19th century in Chinese Turkestan. We analysed two Amrita recipes from the Bower Manuscript, which was translated by Rudolf Hoernle into English during the early 20th century. A database search with the updated Latin binomials of the herbal ingredients was used to gather quantitative phytochemical and pharmacological information.
Results Together, both Amrita recipes contain around 100 herbal ingredients. Psychoactive alkaloid containing species still important in Ayurvedic, Chinese and Thai medicine and mentioned in the recipe for ‘Amrita-Prâsa clarified butter' and ‘Amrita Oil' are: Tinospora cordifolia (Amrita, Guduchi), three Sida spp., Mucuna pruriens, Nelumbo nucifera, Desmodium gangeticum, and Tabernaemontana divaricata. These species contain several notorious and potential psychoactive and psychedelic alkaloids, namely: tryptamines, 2-phenylethylamine, ephedrine, aporphines, ibogaine, and L-DOPA. Furthermore, protoberberine alkaloids, tetrahydro-β-carbolines, and tetrahydroisoquinolines with monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAO-I) activity but also neurotoxic properties are reported.
Manchester sits just across the river from historic Shockoe Bottom and is a quick walk across the 14th street bridge. This growing neighborhood is home to re-purposed industrial sites that have been taken over by artists and slick loft spaces.
We put together this quick walking tour of seven spots that hug the river bank and loop you through the neighborhood. Venturing further into the southside will take you to the always amazing Croaker's Spot, some thrift shops and a revitalizing, historic main thoroughfare.
Take in scenic views of the city skyline and the James River from atop the southern floodwall. The park is can be accessed right off the 14th Street bridge.
The Floodwall Park drops you off just a few blocks from the Richmond Region's oldest craft brewery. Sip one of their signature brews on the deck outside, weather permitting, and refuel with some food from their pub kitchen.
Plant Zero is attached to Plant Zero Artspace and is a favorite of artists and craftspeople with studio space there. Erin McRoberts of Awl Snap said the Amazing Chicken Salad is a can't miss at the cafe.
Art Works, just around the corner from Plant Zero Cafe, has been providing local artists a space to show and sell work since 2003. Check their calendar for current shows and exhibitions.
This 40,000 square foot warehouse is filled with aisles and aisles of treasures salvaged from historic houses around the region. From door knobs to clawfoot bath tubs, Caravati's is a picker's paradise and an enjoyable walk for any fan of history.
Celebrate Richmond's rich tradition of riding the rails, not far from the triple crossing, at this museum. The all-volunteer run museum is open Saturday and Sunday 11-4.
Papa's Pizza is everything pizza should be: thin, delicious, quick and affordable. Their medium pizza is about the size of a large at most chain pizza joints and it's pure NY-style tastiness.
[jetpack_subscription_form]
For some neoconservative pundits and GOP hardliners, it's always 1938.
The provisional agreement with Iran concluded last week — freezing uranium enrichment above 5 percent, committing the Islamic state to neutralizing its stockpile of 20 percent uranium, and allowing weapons inspectors ready access to suspect sites (in exchange for unfreezing some $6 billion in Iranian assets)—is merely the latest to provoke cries of “Munich!” and “appeasement!”
There aren't a lot of great choices when it comes to preventing a nuclear-armed Iran.
But there aren't a lot of great choices when it comes to preventing a nuclear-armed Iran. The Washington Post's Max Fisher runs through the unappealing menu of “four bad options”: Bomb Iran, invade it, take covert action to topple the regime, or continue the status quo in the hopes that Iran will finally cry “uncle.” There's “one okay option”: Try to negotiate a deal. These choices essentially reduce to two: war or diplomacy.
Even Winston Churchill, Munich's fiercest critic and nobody's dove, recognized in 1954 that sometimes “jaw-jaw” — even with the Soviets — was “better than war-war.” So too here.
Of course, the repugnant nature of the Iranian regime suggests a stronger version of Reagan's maxim for negotiating with the USSR: Don't trust — verify.
The interim agreement provides means for doing just that. It allows weapons inspectors daily access to Iran's key nuclear sites and monitoring of centrifuge production facilities and uranium mines. It's hard to see how that enhanced scrutiny increases the chance of a nuclear “breakout” for the six-month period it will be in effect.
We could, of course, continue as before, hoping they'll just give up. But the preemptive “cessation of nuclear enrichment by Iran,” even for civilian purposes, was always a nonstarter. Besides, as Jeffrey Lewis observes in Foreign Policy, there's no guarantee that the international will for restrictions will continue: “Sanctions have always been a wasting asset. It makes sense to get something for them now.”
It's very much worth trying to prevent Iran from going nuclear, but not because of the fanciful scenarios some hawks advance, like a suicidal first strike on Israel or “a nuclear suitcase” in New York.
Nuclear deterrence has an impressive track record: It's worked even for demonstrably genocidal dictators like the nuclear-armed Mao and Stalin, and for extremist Islamist regimes like Pakistan. There's a reason Iran has never given chemical weapons to its terrorist clients Hamas or Hezbollah—the threat of massive retaliation by Israel, which has some 80 nuclear warheads deliverable by F-16s, ballistic missiles and submarines. The same logic of deterrence would apply to a nuclear Iran.
Like it or not, there is no plausible military option that could stop Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons if it's hell-bent on doing so. (For whatever it's worth, the U.S. intelligence community consensus is that the regime has not yet made that decision.).
We're not going to invade and occupy a country with more than twice the population of Iraq; and airstrikes would only delay a nuclear breakout, while empowering hardliners who want the bomb. “You can't destroy knowledge and you can't destroy the basic technology,” says defense analyst Jeffrey White. Air raids would set a weapons program back “maybe two years, maybe three years.” At what cost? Likely a wider war in the Middle East with Iranian attempts to close the Straits of Hormuz and terrorist strikes on the U.S. homefront.
Trying to broker a deal with a reprehensible regime isn't ideal. But, as CIA operative Tony Mendez described his unlikely hostage-rescue plan in last year's Oscar-winner “Argo”: “There are only bad options. It's about finding the best one.”
War is the worst bad idea we've got—by far. Thankfully, it just became a little less likely.
Loading ... Loading ...
This week, corporate media heads exploded when controversial rapper Kanye West met with the even more controversial President-elect Donald Trump. The media took the opportunity both to provide its typical frenzied coverage of a superficial, celebrity incident and to blast the president-elect for taking the time to meet with West.
NBC and other mainstream outlets reported the news:
JUST IN: Kanye West walks into Trump Tower https://t.co/84ClHD4MX3 — NBC News (@NBCNews) December 13, 2016
And mainstream journalists, like Ana Navarro, a contributor to ABC, CNN, and Telemundo provided the commentary:
Trump has no time/interest for Daily Presidential Intel Briefing. But has time to meet w/Kanye West. Like I said, u can't make this crap up. https://t.co/DnuITXbV3y — Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) December 13, 2016
Regardless of one's opinions on the two eccentric men and their meeting this week, it's impossible to deny that other stories with far-reaching implications flew under the radar — stories more relevant than whether or not Kim Kardashian's husband Kanye will run for office in the next presidential election:
1. Drug overdose deaths have surpassed gun deaths and car accidents: It emerged this week that according to data from the Center for Disease Control (CDC), drug overdose deaths, largely driven by the nation's ongoing opiate epidemic, have soared in the last year. Though heart disease is still the leading killer in the United States, over 55,000 Americans have died from drugs. The staggering figure comes even as the federal government has stepped up its efforts to combat opiate addiction, which have apparently failed to curb the health crisis brought on largely by pharmaceutical companies, the FDA, and overzealous doctors. This data suggests American's aren't getting their money's worth: the DEA's budget is almost $3 billion — but they're still concerned about not being able to arrest people for weed.
2. Journalist calls CIA's bluff on Russian hack claims: One angle the media has made sure to perpetuate is its unsubstantiated narrative that Russia hacked the U.S. presidential election. Over the last week, mainstream headlines have promoted the CIA's anonymous claims of ‘Russian infiltration' as fact, but while that story has received widespread attention, journalistic attempts to challenge it have not. Nevertheless, Jeremy Scahill, investigative journalist and author of Dirty Wars, offered a chance for the intelligence community to prove its claims. “U.S. intelligence agencies have repeatedly demonstrated that they regularly both lie and get things horribly wrong. In this case they may well be correct, but they cannot expect Americans to simply take their word for it,” Scahill wrote for The Intercept, pointing out the CIA's own history of tampering with foreign elections and, worse, overthrowing elected leaders. Scahill effectively called the agency's bluff and offered individuals within it a chance to validate the claims. “[I]f it comes to pass that the U.S. government refuses to back up these serious claims with evidence, then perhaps a patriotic whistleblower will do the public an important service,” he wrote, providing a link to The Intercept's secure drop. One would think a media apparatus concerned with unearthing the facts about Russia's involvement would promote an effort to substantiate their claims — claims other agencies have since disputed.
3. Man acquitted of charges of shooting at cops: After awaiting trial behind bars for nearly two years, this week Texan Ray Rosas was acquitted of attempted capital murder and aggravated assault charges against three police officers who incorrectly raided his home. The prosecution opted to drop those charges while retaining the counts of aggravated assault. But as local Corpus Christi outlet KRISTV reported, “The defense argued Rosas did not know he was firing at police, after SWAT actions were not carried out simultaneously and he was disoriented by a flash-bang grenade going off in his bedroom.” The jury acquitted Rosas of the remaining charges, setting a precedent that police should face consequences for incompetence and overzealous raid tactics (a similar scenario unfolded in Texas in 2014). Notable examples of police misconduct during raids include a baby who was seriously injured by a flash grenade that landed in its crib, as well as dogs killed by officers raiding the wrong homes. Considering SWAT raids have been on the rise in recent years — and according to the ACLU, 80 percent have been for search warrants — this court case is especially timely.
4. Lawmakers introduce “Stop Arming Terrorists” legislation: Late last week, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard introduced legislation with Rep. Thomas Massie and others calling on the U.S. government to stop arming, funding, and aiding terrorist organizations. Massie says the bill “would prohibit the U.S. government from using American taxpayer dollars to provide funding, weapons, training, and intelligence support to terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS, or to countries who are providing direct or indirect support to those same groups.” Indeed, the U.S. has long been arming al-Qaeda-linked rebels in Syria; Gabbard used mainstream outlets like the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times to support her claims. Though the news emerged before Trump and Kanye met, it's doubtful the story would have garnered much mainstream attention, anyway — after all, it does not fit the Western narrative on Syria.
5. Chaos in Aleppo, Syria: This week, the mainstream media has focused intensely on ongoing events in Aleppo, Syria, which is largely considered ground zero in the Syrian civil war. Though the area has been held by rebels since 2012, a recent onslaught by Russia and the Syrian government has further endangered the lives of civilians, which corporate media has thoroughly covered. But what the media isn't reporting is that, as Gabbard and Massie are attempting to highlight, the rebels in Aleppo aren't all freedom-fighting liberators. Many are as extreme as ISIS and seek to impose extremist interpretations of Islam. Still, the media is quoting these U.S.-backed rebels as reliable sources — the same ones who, for example, beheaded a ten-year-old child over the summer (the U.S. stopped backing that group in 2015).
Because Syria is too dangerous for many reporters to visit on the ground, much of the reporting is comprised of second-hand accounts. Russian, Syrian, and Iranian outlets sing the praises of the Putin-Assad-led offensive, neglecting to acknowledge how many innocent civilians are dying in the process. On the flip side, Western media is attempting to perpetuate the false dichotomy that because Russia and Syria are bad, the rebels and the U.S. are forces of good. Still, Western media frequently cites the Syrian Observatory on Human Rights — run by a Syrian expat who runs a t-shirt shop in England — to further its claims. While the motives driving media narratives are convoluted and difficult to decipher, however, there are ways to help those in need. Donate to organizations like Doctors without Borders, the International Rescue Committee, and Hand in Hand for Syria, which focus on directly aiding civilians.
***
In post-2016 America, it's abundantly clear that establishment journalists and the corporations they work for cannot be trusted as arbiters of important information. After all, it's difficult to take news organizations seriously when they display the same headlines as celebrity gossip rags.
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Sick of circling the city streets in your car, looking for a spot — any spot — that you can squeeze into? Google may have the answer, or at least the very beginnings of one, though it's going to heavily rely on the good deeds of your peers to be a success. Meet Google Open Spot, the latest addition to Google Labs, which has just released a new application for Android phones.
The service is really straightforward: fire up the Android application (it doesn't look like there's a web-based version yet), and you'll see a map with nearby open parking spots marked with colored dots. These spots were placed by other users, who are supposed to hit the app's ‘Mark a Spot' button when they leave a crowded parking lot or happen to see an open spot as they walk by.
The color of each available spot is tied to how long ago it was marked by another user — a spot that's 10-20 minutes old will look yellow, while a spot marked within the last five minutes will be bright red. After 20 minutes spots are removed from the map. You're able to see parking spots within a .9-mile radius of your current location.
That's all well and good, but there isn't a major incentive to actually mark spots yet. Google is employing a basic karma system to reward users when they share an available spot, but karma doesn't actually award any bonuses in terms of making it easier to find parking — it's just there to make you feel good. That said, if Google gets creative with the system (perhaps by adding a leader board), then that might provide sufficient incentive to get people using this. I'm not particularly optimistic, but here's to hoping it works. Of course, even if a ton of people really do start marking their spots, it won't necessarily be much help — in crowded cities, many spots are only available for a few seconds.
In case you were thinking of making parking even more of a hassle than it already is by adding fake spots, don't bother (please). While parking submissions are anonymous, the Open Spot FAQ says that Google has ways to monitor for so-called ‘griefers' and can make sure they aren't leaving multiple fake parking spots.
A Consumer Reports analysis of American pork purchased in grocery and specialty stores has found that many samples contained high levels of a bacterium that causes food poisoning. More worrisome, much of the bacteria samples were resistant to antibiotics.
According to the report, the magazine tested 148 samples of pork chops and 50 samples of ground pork for harmful bacteria from a wide range of stores in six American cities. (The stores are listed in the report, which can be found on the Consumer Reports website.)
The bacterium Yersinia enterocolitica was found in 69% of samples. While Y. enterocolitica is less famous than contaminants such as salmonella and E. coli, it sickens about 100,000 Americans a year, many of whom are children.
The magazine found that ground pork was more likely than pork chops to harbor the bacterium.
Most troubling is that Consumer Reports says the majority of the bacteria samples it discovered were resistant to at least one of the medically prescribed antibiotics it tested in the lab. That's probably because many farm animals are routinely fed antibiotics, a practice the industry uses to keep animals healthy but is widely criticized among public health professionals because of the potential for resistant strains of bacteria to arise.
Daniel Berehulak/Getty Images Some people like to learn from mistakes. Others prefer to learn by finding out what to do instead of what not to do.
Case in point: Last month, I shared 10 phrases great speakers never say. A number of people emailed saying, "Great, but what should I do?"
So I went back to Boris Veldhuijzen van Zanten, serial entrepreneur and founder of TwitterCounter and The Next Web, for what you should always do during your presentations:
1. Reinforce who you are. At most conferences, you will be introduced, and that introduction should make the audience look forward to hearing your story.
But even though the audience might know something about you, it still makes sense to say a little bit extra about yourself. Don't overload everyone with information, but in one or two sentences explain how your background matters and makes you the perfect person to share what you're about to say.
Framing that makes it easier for people to digest what you are saying is too often overlooked.
2. Help everyone finds you. A lot of presentations end with a slide that shows the speaker's name, URL, Twitter handle, and email address.
That slide is usually displayed for about three milliseconds before the projector is switched off. Before people in your audience even have time to reach for a pencil or laptop, your information is gone.
Provide your contact information on the opening screen, and keep it there for a while. (Some people display their name and email address in the footer of every slide, but you might feel that's overkill.) I generally start and close with my Twitter handle (@Boris) and invite people to contact me there.
Bonus tip: When you're in the audience and sense the end of a presentation coming, get your smart phone ready and take a quick snapshot of that last slide. You can write the information down later.
3. Share real stories. People love stories. The best presentations I've seen didn't feel like presentations at all — they were stories told by people with amazing experiences. When you want to explain something to an audience, see if you can translate it into a story, an anecdote, or even a joke. (If you need to convey data or information, tie it to a story.) If the story you tell is something that happened to you, that's even better. If the story is funny, even better!
4. Entertain as much as inform. An often forgotten point: Your job is to, at least in part, entertain the members of your audience. They're taking a break from something else. They've closed their laptops and are focusing on you. Why not reward them with something interesting or funny? Your entire talk doesn't need to be completely on topic. It's fine to start off with something that is beside the point as long as it's entertaining.
Never forget that people will listen more closely to what you have to say when they're having a good time.
5. Time it perfectly. When you're speaking, in effect you're borrowing your audience's time. It's investing in you — respect that investment and don't abuse that trust. If you're given 30 minutes, feel free to only use 25 minutes. Your primary goal is to entertain, inform, and make your audience's investment in time worthwhile. Your goal is not to use up every available minute.
I used to be very concerned with how much time I had for talks; my biggest fear was that I would run out of things to talk about. Now my only concern is giving a great presentation. If that means ending a 30-minute slot after 15 minutes, fine — you can always take more questions from your audience. The better your presentation, the more questions you will get.
And the more your audience will feel you respected its investment in you.
6. Provide something to take home. I always try to think of something specific I can deliver — in words, not in swag — that the members of the audience can apply as soon as they get back to work. I learned that from a speaker at one of our events who had a hugely inspiring story, but then interrupted himself and said something like: "But you can apply this very easily tomorrow by doing the following..."
A sigh of relief went through the room as people scrambled for their notebooks. Inspiration is cool and productive, but it really helps if you have something tangible to offer that your audience can apply right away.
7. Feel free to repeat. It's natural to assume everyone in the audience is paying attention to everything you say. In reality, people hear about 30 percent of what you say, and of that they're constantly translating it to fit their own perspectives or agendas. Plus, things you think are logical and even self-evident might not immediately make sense to everyone in your audience.
That's why it never hurts to repeat yourself a few times. If you want to explain a certain principle, first explain it. Then give two examples of your principle at work. Then, at the end of your talk, go over the different principles you covered and briefly highlight each one.
By then, you've explained your principle four times, and that might just be enough.
8. Help the audience remember at least one thing. It's very easy to overload the audience with information. You think, Wow, I have 30 minutes... I need to really fill that 30 minutes. But most people can't really absorb a lot of information, plus chances are you might be one of a number of speakers that day.
Think of it this way: If 10 percent of the people in the audience really listen to your story and remember one or two key points they can incorporate into their lives, you've done really well. Focus on providing something people can remember and that will have an impact on their lives. To do that, of course, means your story must be simple and clear.
And that's a good thing.
9. Really connect with your audience. No matter how big the crowd, your goal is to make everyone in the audience feel like you are speaking with him or her personally.
Aside from the content of your story, there are also a few simple tricks you can use. When I'm announced as the speaker, I stand and look at the audience, not just for a second but for as long as possible. I try hard to make eye contact with a number of individual audience members, looking as many of them in the eyes as I can and even smiling and waving at a few of them.
This works well for a couple of reasons. In a bigger room, the audience won't really see what or whom you are looking at. If you look at the middle person in a group of 50 people, they all get the impression you're looking at them individually. By slowly scanning the crowd and smiling at a few people, many will get the impression you're looking straight at them.
Plus it's a nice reminder — to you — that you may be speaking to a crowd, but in reality you're talking to individuals. Keep doing that during your talks as well; that not only helps you read the room but also keeps your connection alive.
Summing it up:
Be personal, speak from experience, feel free to entertain as much as inform, be practical, connect with the audience, and never forget that shorter is always better than too long.
Your main goal is to tell a story that will inspire your audience — and that it will share with other people.
John Vizcaino / Reuters A new study found that states with legalized medical marijuana in 2013 saved $165.2 million in national Medicare program and enrollee spending.
States looking for a way to reduce Medicare spending and prescription drug use may want to turn to legalizing medical marijuana, a new study suggests.
The District of Columbia and the 17 states that had medical marijuana as an alternative to prescription drugs in 2013 saved an estimated total of $165.2 million in Medicare program and enrollee spending that year, researchers at the University of Georgia reported in the journal Health Affairs this month.
“The results suggest that if all states had implemented medical marijuana the overall savings to Medicare would have been around $468 million,” a press release on the findings stated.
John Moore via Getty Images The study reviewed drug prescriptions for ailments that could be treated with medical marijuana. One such ailment, which is often treated with oxycodone pills, is pain.
The researchers looked at prescriptions filled by Medicare Prescription Drug Plan (or Part D) enrollees from 2010 to 2013. They then narrowed the prescriptions down to ones that could be substituted with medical marijuana. Those prescriptions were for ailments that included anxiety, depression, glaucoma, nausea, pain, psychosis, seizures, sleep disorders and spasticity.
Their results found that there were fewer prescriptions filled for the majority of those categories. The pain category, for instance, saw a decrease in 1,826 daily doses, while the depression category saw a 265 daily dosage decrease.
As the researchers noted in their release, they specifically looked at glaucoma patients' use of marijuana.
“It turns out that glaucoma is one of the most Googled searches linked to marijuana, right after pain,” Dr. David Bradford of the university's School of Public & International Affairs, who co-authored the report, stated in the university's release.
The eye disease can be extremely painful and lead to blindness for some patients. Those sufferers who use marijuana, however, can experience a 25 percent decrease in eye pressure that's caused by the condition, according to the release.
David McNew / Reuters Jars containing marijuana are seen at a medical marijuana farmers market at the California Heritage Market in Los Angeles.
The relief provided by marijuana only lasts about 60 minutes, however, and expecting patients to take it once an hour is considered “unrealistic,” they concluded. Because of that, they stated that they fully expected prescription drug use to remain strong for the disease even when marijuana was an available alternative.
As the university's release notes, “they were not disappointed.”
Though there were fewer drug prescriptions written for the other ailments, the daily doses of prescribed glaucoma medications increased, they stated.
That led them to believe that medical marijuana users are not requesting prescriptions just to enjoy a high, but are basing their decision on medical needs.
“The results suggest people are really using marijuana as medicine and not just using it for recreational purposes,” the study's lead author, Ashley Bradford, who completed her bachelor's degree in sociology in May, said in a statement.
Speaking in a recent YouTube interview, Bradford expressed hope “that this research will influence and reform policymaking.”
Decreasing Americans' use of prescription drugs may not just be of monetary benefit, but depending on the type of drug, could help fight Americans' addiction to prescription painkillers as well.
The U.S. is in the midst of an opioid overdose epidemic, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In 2014 alone, opioids ― including prescription opioid pain relievers and heroin ― killed more than 28,000 people, more than any year on record. At least half of all those deaths involved a prescription opioid.
“We now know that overdoses from prescription opioid pain relievers are a driving factor in the 15-year increase in opioid overdose deaths,” the CDC states on their website. “Since 1999, the amount of prescription opioids sold in the U.S. nearly quadrupled, yet there has not been an overall change in the amount of pain that Americans report.”
Three of the most common prescription drugs involved in opioid overdose deaths were methadone, oxycodone and hydrocodone.
Your Web Design Inspiration Since 1992
There are too many websites out there using bad design and usability practices, ignoring the web standards. This is not only harmful for the search engine rankings but it's also disrespectful towards the website visitors. A website reveals the professionalism of the company it represents and its role should be to attract customers, not to scare them away. A few tips:
Moving, blinking and flashing items are a good way to attract attention and highlight elements.
Entertain the visitors with on-page music player which starts to play automatically.
Use HTML tables to lay out the sections of the site (header, footer, sidebar etc.).
Let the visitors know what browser and screen resolution provides the best user experience so they can adjust their settings.
Use gradients and shadows to show that the site is using the latest CSS3 technology.
Include entertaining widgets to make sure the visitor never gets bored while browsing your pages. It's useful if the visitor can play games, read jokes, see the current weather or can see the server time on every page.
Don't forget to mark conversion funnels with Click Here pointers.
Make sure the background image is seamless so the visitor can't notice that in fact the same picture is repeating.
Mark the unfinished sections of the site with animated Under Construction banners so the user can check back later when it's finished.
Invite visitors to subscribe to your newsletter and update them with the latest news in emails every day. Use a hard Captcha verification to avoid robot attacks.
Use Java and Flash widgets. Include links to download and install browser extensions that are necessary to play them.
Use hit counters to prove the popularity of the site.
Use a custom mouse pointer which fits the design.
Ask visitors to like your Myspace page, make donations and click different banners.
Now you know the most important rules of how to make a really flashy, cutting edge website!
It's a good start to know these rules but you can learn more browsing the articles in the sidebar. Bad HTML is a very small site, containing just a couple pages and you can read through them very quickly. We have collected the basic concepts of web development, listing all terms you need to know to get started. We have listed the basic web terminology, the best online HTML Editors, converters and cleaners and there's a separate page for online web validators which help you analize your website. We have listed the bad practices for HTML, CSS, file management, SEO and we have collected the most useful links with free online tools.
Switch The Design
This website comes with two different stylesheets. The default design is a cutting-edge, popping, eye-catching, flashy design, but you can switch to a simple one clicking the button in the bottom-right corner of the screen. This will add a marker to the URL and render the page with a simple white design. You can decide which version to send or share.
EUGENE -- A man from Wales who pleaded guilty to sex crimes against a 10-year-old Eugene girl has been sentenced to 50 years in prison.
The Register-Guard reports that 22-year-old Gareth Vincent Hall was sentenced Tuesday after pleading guilty to rape, sodomy and online sexual corruption of a child.
Gareth V. Hall
Hall met the girl through an online chat program then traveled to Oregon in April 2015 to meet her. Prosecutors say Hall, who was working as a lifeguard at the time, took her to a motel and had sex with her during his five-day visit.
A parent reported the incident to police after conversations with the girl revealed a small amount of information, Detective Jed McGuire said at the time of Hall's arrest.
"I don't think they quite understood the full scope of everything until we became involved," McGuire said.
The Lane County district attorney's office issued an arrest warrant for Hall on April 30, 2015, and he was arrested less than a week later at Chicago O'Hare International Airport.
Hall apologized in court Tuesday through an interpreter and said he wouldn't have gone to Eugene if he had known the girl was only 10.
-- The Associated Press
Citigroup and Bank of America are hardly the only two financial firms to confront the issue. During the last three months of 2008, at least seven other firms receiving bailout funds — American Express, Capital One, Goldman Sachs, KeyCorp, Morgan Stanley, PNC and Bank of New York Mellon — all lobbied the government about the bailout, according to a review of their most recent disclosure reports.
The automakers that received billions under the same program lobbied as well: including General Motors; its financing arm, GMAC; and Cerberus Capital Management, the private equity firm that controls Chrysler. Other recipients of federal financing also lobbied Congress, the Treasury or both about other matters.
Photo
The American International Group, taken over by the government during an injection of more than $40 billion last fall to prevent the company's collapse, has discontinued all its federal lobbying; it is now in effect government-owned. But its former executives continue to lobby.
Its former chief executive, Maurice R. Greenberg, ousted a few years ago amid allegations of securities fraud, is leading a group of shareholders lobbying for a chance to renegotiate the terms of the government takeover or buy back a bigger stake in the company.
According to a recent filing, A.I.G. shareholders paid $90,000 in the fourth quarter to a lobbying team at Ogilvy Government Relations that includes the Republican lobbying powerhouse Wayne L. Berman, a former assistant secretary of commerce under the first President George Bush and a major fund-raiser for the second.
The group also includes three Democrats who had been top aides to the House speaker, Nancy Pelosi; Senator Edward M. Kennedy; and the former House majority leader, Richard A. Gephardt. (Mickey Kantor, secretary of commerce under President Bill Clinton, has advised the group as a lawyer as well.)
Lawmakers, troubled by the prospect of taxpayer-subsidized influence-peddling, are threatening to crack down. Senator Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat, and Senator Olympia J. Snowe, a Maine Republican, are pushing legislation that would explicitly bar companies from using bailout funds for lobbying or campaign contributions.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Although hard to enforce, the measure puts banks on notice that aggressive lobbying could set off a Congressional backlash.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“That taxpayer dollars intended to stabilize the economy could find their way into the bank accounts of lobbying firms” is “completely unacceptable,” Ms. Feinstein said in a speech supporting the measure.
On Friday, President Obama issued his own call for more oversight and transparency, citing “companies that have received taxpayer assistance then going out and renovating bathrooms or offices, or in other ways not managing those dollars appropriately.” This was an apparent allusion to reports of office renovations by the former chief executive at Merrill Lynch, a recent acquisition by Bank of America whose heavy losses led to an expanded bailout for the bank.
Photo
Bankers, though, defend their right to a voice in public policy debates about the industry's future. “Nobody mentioned that you are giving up your Constitutional right to petition the government” when accepting federal money, said Edward L. Yingling, president of the American Bankers Association.
He acknowledged, however, that Citigroup and Bank of America were in a more ambiguous position than the rest of the roughly 200 banks that accepted money from the Treasury and agreed to pay it interest as part of the bailout program. While most banks are required to demonstrate financial health to qualify for the deal, the two giants received $90 billion in emergency measures to prop them up and agreed to give the government a larger say in management.
The two banking behemoths had entered a “middle ground,” Mr. Yingling said, between the other private banks accepting federal investments and the three financial firms under full federal control: A.I.G. and the failed mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. “I would expect that institutions in that middle ground would be well aware that they need to be careful about the tone and manner in which they lobby,” he said.
Citigroup and Bank of America say internal policies prohibit the use of any bailout money for lobbying. Neither, however, has stopped pressing its interests in Washington, albeit more quietly.
Though Bank of America says it has stopped lobbying about the bailout legislation — the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP — it continues to lobby on other matters. The bank spent about $1 million on federal lobbying in last year's fourth quarter, including $820,000 for its own lobbyists, according to filings.
Ms. Norton, the spokeswoman, declined to comment on whether Bank of America was lobbying on other financial crisis proposals, such as creation of a government-controlled “bad bank” to take over toxic securities.
Nicholas Calio, Citigroup's top lobbyist, handled Congressional relations for both the first and second President George Bush. Its team of outside lobbyists has also included a former Congressional liaison for President Clinton, a former chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, a former deputy assistant Treasury secretary and the veteran Democratic strategist Steve Elmendorf.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The two banks' dilemma is an increasing problem for the industry, said Scott Talbott, top lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable. “There is a TARP blowback problem,” he said.
The first few cards have been revealed from SM5+ Ultra Force, which will release in Japan on January 19th!
As posted before, the set will contain 50+ reverse holo cards, which means most of the set will likely be reprints of cards from SM5 Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon. Except of course for a few new cards like Poipole and Naganadel!
The set's booster pack will feature Naganadel, as you can see in the CoroCoro magazine scan to the right. Dusk Mane Necrozma and Dawn Wings Necrozma are also pictured.
As expected, Poipole is the first Ultra Beast released as a regular Pokémon card and Naganadel is the first ever Stage 1 Ultra Beast card. This is because they are the only Ultra Beasts that are part of an evolutionary chain. All previous Ultra Beasts have been Basic Pokemon-GX. (And don't point out the Cosmog line, they aren't Ultra Beast cards! :p)
And now we finally get our Ultra Beast Energy!
Thanks goes to Bangiras and tunu1223 for the following translations!
Image caption Covert footage was filmed inside Brook House, near Gatwick Airport
G4S has suspended nine members of staff from an immigration removal centre near Gatwick Airport, following a BBC Panorama undercover investigation.
The programme says it has covert footage recorded at Brook House showing officers "mocking, abusing and assaulting" people being held there.
It says it has seen "widespread self-harm and attempted suicides" in the centre, and that drug use is "rife".
G4S said it is aware of the claims and "immediately" began an investigation.
The security firm said it had not been provided with recorded evidence, but added: "There is no place for the type of conduct described."
Those suspended were one female nurse, six detention custody officers, and two managers, who were all male.
Five other members of staff have also been placed on restrictive duties, the BBC understands.
A former G4S officer, who now works for the Home Office, has also been suspended.
Image caption Callum Tulley agreed to the secret filming because he said he was so shocked by the alleged abuse and chaos
The programme, to be aired on Monday, uses footage it says was recorded by former custody officer Callum Tulley at the centre, which holds detainees facing deportation from the UK.
Panorama says it has seen "chaos, incompetence and abuse" at the centre, which it describes as a "toxic mix".
It claims detainees who are failed asylum seekers can share rooms with foreign national criminals who have finished prison sentences.
These criminals, who are awaiting deportation, make up about half of the people in Brook House.
Because of the amount of time people are being held for, "there is a huge amount of frustration being built up," BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said.
He added the allegations raised "serious questions" about the company's capability to manage places like this in the future.
G4S said the staff suspensions were a "precaution" but it reported the allegations to "the relevant authorities".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jerry Petherick said G4S does its "upmost" to train staff properly
Speaking to BBC Radio 4's World at One, the managing director for G4S's custodial and detention services in the UK said the alleged behaviour was "abnormal".
Jerry Petherick told the programme: "It's despicable, it's disgraceful. It's my job to drive the expected behaviours... [and] I take personal accountability and responsibility for doing that."
He said the detainees were "all vitally important individuals" and that he wished he had known about the allegations sooner.
Mr Petherick confirmed G4S would continue with its bid for the next contract for Brook House.
Image caption Brook House is operated privately by G4S on behalf of the Home Office
But the chairwoman of the all party parliamentary group on refugees said the contract "should be suspended and reviewed".
Labour MP Thangam Debbonaire told World at One: "These are people who are not criminals, they are being detained. And the use of detention, unfortunately, over the last few years has, by the Home Office, become a port of first resort rather than last resort as it is supposed to be."
A Home Office spokesman said: "We condemn any actions that put the safety or dignity of immigration removal centre detainees at risk.
"We are clear that all detainees should be treated with dignity and respect and we expect G4S to carry out a thorough investigation into these allegations and that all appropriate action be taken."
Past controversies and criticisms
G4S runs Brook House on behalf of the Home Office as well as working in a number of sectors, including technology, care and justice services, and cash transportation.
The firm has 585,000 employees across 100 countries worldwide but has also attracted controversies and accusations of mismanagement.
In 2014, it paid £109m for overcharging the Ministry of Justice for tagging offenders, while it also failed to employ enough security for the London 2012 Olympics.
Last year, criminal proceedings were launched against eight G4S staff for their treatment of young people at the Medway Secure Training Centre.
Image caption It holds up to 508 adult male asylum seekers, illegal immigrants and foreign national offenders
In 2010 - a year after opening - Brook House was branded "fundamentally unsafe". Three years later inspectors said they saw sustained improvement.
The most recent report from HM Chief Inspector of Prisons, released in March this year, said some detainees had been held for excessive periods due to "unreasonable delays in immigration decision making".
It described residential units as "very closely resembling" prisons, saying problems were "exacerbated by poor ventilation and unsatisfactory sanitary facilities".
A review of improvements made at the centre will begin on Monday.
Who are the detainees?
Brook House is currently home to 508 men - with the highest numbers coming from Pakistan, Albania, Nigeria, Afghanistan and India.
According to the Home Office, the majority of those held are failed asylum seekers or illegal immigrants waiting to be deported from the UK on organised charter flights.
Other detainees include foreign national offenders awaiting transfers and those who are considered too challenging to manage in less secure centres.
Brook House is one of 11 detention removal centres in England, which together took in 28,908 people last year - including 71 children.
During the year, 28,661 people left detention - of which 64% were held for less than 29 days, 18% for between 29 days and 2 months, and 11% for between two and four months.
Of the 1,848 (6%) remaining, 179 had been in detention for between one and two years, and 29 for two years or longer.
Watch Panorama - Undercover: Britain's Immigration Secrets - on Monday 4 September at 21:00 BST on BBC One and afterwards on BBC iPlayer.
JUNE 24--A Virginia man who has fathered seven children with six women has agreed to undergo a vasectomy as part of a plea deal in a child endangerment case, according to court records.
Jessie Lee Herald, 27, struck the agreement earlier this month with prosecutors in Shenandoah County, where he was also facing hit-and-run and driving with a suspended license charges. Herald was arrested in December following an auto crash from which he fled on foot with a three-year-old boy.
As part of the deal, Herald will serve four years in state prison and five years of probation upon his release from custody. Within a year of his departure from prison, Herald has agreed to get a vasectomy, according to a plea agreement signed by Herald, his lawyer, a prosecutor, and a Circuit Court judge.
The document also stipulates that Herald “shall not have a ‘reversal' during the pendency of his probation.”
The agreement notes that the vasectomy requirement “is not a usual term of probation,” and that the judge “would not impose this condition without the defendant's consent.”
Herald--a convicted felon whose rap sheet includes prior narcotics, unlawful wounding, and hit-and-run convictions--was offered the plea deal by prosecutors who cited his proclivity to reproduce.
“It was primarily due to the fact he had seven or eight children, all by different women, and we felt it might be in the commonwealth's interest for that to be part of the plea agreement,” prosecutor Ilona White told the Northern Virginia Daily.
Herald, seen in the above mug shot, will have to pay for his vasectomy. (2 pages)
The federal government rejected an NDP motion Monday calling for the decriminalization of marijuana possession, arguing that doing so would benefit criminal organizations.
"Canadians, both adults and youth, would continue to purchase a product of unknown potency and quality while fueling the profits of organized crime," said Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould.
The Liberals have promised to roll out legislation to legalize and regulate marijuana next spring. Until then, marijuana remains illegal under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act, which means Canadians can—and are—still being arrested for an act as minor as passing around a joint.
In the House of Commons Monday, the NDP put forward a motion asking the federal government to decriminalize possession of pot for personal use right away.
"Despite Justin Trudeau's clear campaign promise to immediately fix marijuana laws in Canada, the government has done nothing for eight months except continue the senseless practice of handing out criminal records for personal use," said NDP Justice Critic Murray Rankin in a statement.
According to the Canadian Press, Rankin said Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould could address this problem by ordering the Public Prosecution Service of Canada, which prosecutes drug crimes, to stop pursuing possession-based charges.
Read more: If Justin Trudeau is About to Legalize Weed, Why Are We Still Imprisoning People Over it?
But Wilson-Raybould said the government has no plans to do that. Her parliamentary secretary Bill Blair, who is leading the Liberal's pot legalization file, said decriminalizing possession of marijuana prior to having new regulations in place is a bad idea.
"It would be reckless in the extreme and perhaps create much greater risk for our communities to remove all control from cannabis." Blair has previously said enforcement should continue as normal until the laws change.
In an announcement about weed legalization made at the United Nations General Assembly Special Session on drugs, Canada's Health Minister Jane Philpott said, "We know it is impossible to arrest our way out of this problem."
However, the decision of whether or not to arrest people is left up to a police officer's discretion.
According to Statistics Canada data, a Canadian is arrested every nine minutes because of marijuana.
Photo via Flickr user momento mori
Follow Manisha Krishnan on Twitter.
Microsoft is making some big improvements to its Office mobile apps today, starting with an entirely new iPhone app. When the original iPhone version debuted last year, it was basic and underwhelming. Today's new iPhone app is a lot more similar to the iPad version, and that's a good thing. After using the new app over the past several days I can't imagine going back to the old Office Mobile solution. The entire codebase has been replaced with the iPad version, creating a universal app that brings all the features you'd expect.
The confusing interface is gone, replaced with easier editing options and the ability to shape and move photos and other elements in documents. There's a special formula keyboard in Excel, a full screen view, and little optimizations for bigger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus displays. On the PowerPoint side there's also transition and animation support, the ability to play audio and video from slides, and the usual presentation view. Native Dropbox support is also available in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint for iPhone. Most importantly, it's free to view and edit documents now, a big change Microsoft is unveiling across all of its mobile apps today.
Office for Android tablets is just like the iPad version
Microsoft is also accepting signups for an Android tablet version of Office today. It's pretty much identical to the iPad version in terms of features, and it even looks similar. Office for Android will only support KitKat and above, and Microsoft plans to start distributing it to preview participants in December. "Our goal with this preview is to ensure that we get a broad representation of the vast array of form factors, device types, and operating system versions that the Android tablet install base represents, and make sure we can polish these apps," explains Microsoft's head of Office marketing Michael Atalla.
The reason Microsoft has been able to keep both Android and iOS versions identical is thanks to a new cross-platform approach to the codebase of Office. "It has required us to be great at writing platform code for Android, code for iOS, and code for Windows," says Atalla. All of that effort has been put together into a single platform so Microsoft can share code across iOS, Android, and Windows. The benefit is faster updates and more features for Office users. "Over the past year, we've had 150 different updates to Office applications across all platforms," says Atalla. "We're moving very very quickly in adding capability and adding functionality."
As Windows 10 progresses, so do touch-optimized versions of Office. "We continue to work on touch-optimized versions for Excel and Word for Windows 10," explains Atalla. "Those will be aligned with Windows 10." Microsoft isn't providing any timing for those apps or their features, but it's safe to assume they'll be bundled into the tablet and phone version of Windows 10. Microsoft is expected to preview that version early next year, so expect to experiment with the touch versions of Office for Windows 10 very soon.
More than 150 Vietnamese children who were placed in council care in the UK after being rescued from traffickers have disappeared amid fears that they are back under the control of slave masters, it has been reported.
Since 2015, most children go missing within two days of being placed in care, the Times said.
After obtaining the statistics under Freedom of Information (FOI) request, the paper reported that 8,670 children were recorded missing at least once while in care last year with most cases lasting from only from a few hours to two days.
But FOI requests with 430 local authorities showed 152 Vietnamese children have permanently disappeared and 88 others have gone missing temporarily.
Baroness Eilzabeth Butler-Sloss, who is chairwoman of the all-party parliamentary group on human trafficking and modern slavery, said there were far more at risk.
"The Home Office should explore the possibility of identifying that Vietnamese children present a particular, special problem and are most likely to leave immediately or quickly after coming to care. Some special arrangement should be made for them," she told the Times.
James Simmonds-Read, of the Children's Society, said that children did not feel safe and so would go "back to the people that trafficked and abused them".
Helen Johnson, head of children's services at the Refugee Council, said that almost every Vietnamese child smuggled into the UK was in debt bondage which some local authorities were not aware of.
"If children are treated with hostility, they'll believe what traffickers tell them: that they won't be helped or believed and that they are in debt," she said.
The Home Office said it would help develop an advocate system for councils to address young trafficking victims.
"We have strengthened regulations on children's homes and placed a duty on local authorities to tell us about all incidences of children going missing from care, even those lasting less than 24 hours," a spokesman said.
In August, the National Crime Agency (NCA) said in August there were more than 300 current police operations tackling slavery in the UK, with cases affecting "every large town and city in the country".
Did you know that Donald Trump has the highest IQ of all the candidates? At least that's what he told his supporters in Burlington,Vt. (Photo: Terry J. Allen)
Sitting in the audience was like watching blood dry—a convergence of the compellingly grotesque and the mind-numbingly boring.
On the rare occasions Donald Trump referred to actual policy or politics, he created an alternative universe in which he held, or deserved, the starring role.
Donald Trump held a private party disguised as campaign event on January 7 in a 1,400-seat theater in in Burlington, Vt. Sitting in the audience was like watching blood dry—a convergence of the compellingly grotesque and the mind-numbingly boring. Grotesque, I had expected, but having seen clips of Trump, I anticipated being entertained by his clownish braggadocio and fact-challenged hyperbole.
No such luck. The rambling, disjointed speech he burbled in the heart of Bernie's base was a exercise in dull, smug narcissism. Like a kitten distracted by a shiny object, Trump rambled from point to point. His only unifying themes were bullying, bullshit and boast. The bullying was aimed at people either too politically weak (refugees and immigrants) or too distant to counter his weak-wristed slaps (every other candidate—none of whom could match to his exemplary standards of deal making, intelligence, courage, wealth, and charm).
But for his fans, the verbal effluvia fertilized their enthusiasm. And the boasts, a simulacrum of substance, formed the core of the talk. On video, the bragging seems amusingly ridiculous, but in person, mouthed by an actual human, it is strangely childish, sad, and barely coherent—like listening to lonely, beer sodden frat boys declare their drinking and sexual prowess.
Waving his arms like a stoned discus hurler, Trump referred endlessly to himself. He declared, with mock amazement that people called him “plainspoken.” But I went to an Ivy League School, Wharton, and have the most extensive vocabulary of any candidate. Maybe plainspoken is a compliment, he pondered. He went on to prove the point by patting himself on the back for nailing his rivals, all of them, with just the perfect word: “stupid.” He also crowed that he had the highest IQ of any candidate.
The crowd swallowed the red meat and spit out the facts. One attendee said she loved Trump because he represented the idea that anyone who works hard can get rich—not just people who are given things for nothing or—creating her own irony-free zone—get $1 million handed to them. (That exact sum, which Trump described as “a small loan” from his father, was Trump's start-up money, later enhanced by a $40 million inheritance.) What did she think of the fact that the greatest predictor of wealth in America is parental wealth? “I disagree,” she replied.
On the rare occasions Trump referred to actual policy or politics, he created an alternative universe in which he held, or deserved, the starring role. The Iran deal was a negotiating disaster—Obama is the worst negotiator in the world, he declared—because America paid billions to Iran to sign. (The deal mostly freed Iran's own frozen assets.) He would have solved the Iran negotiations by walking out of the room until the intimidated Iranians caved.
Misinformation, deception and lies marked the planning and execution of the event as well as the content. The campaign apparently feared opponents and Bernie supporters might pack the room or get tickets and boycott the show, leaving an embarrassingly empty hall. So to ensure an adequate selection of true-believers, Trump issued 20,000 online tickets— for a 1,400-seat venue. The exponential overbooking created a pre-event line that stretched for blocks. At the theater door, Trump's minions screened the ticket holders and turned away anyone who admitted not being a supporter or even being undecided.
The ruse not only dissed his own followers, who had stood for hours in the cold, but risked sparking public disorder. After word came out regarding its massive ticket dump, the Trump camp “stopped returning the department's calls,” said annoyed Burlington Police Chief Brandon del Pozo.
A secret service officer regularly detailed to campaign events across the country said he had never seen or heard of such overbooking.
The city of Burlington, less than thrilled by Trump's high handedness and disregard for public safety, also lamented the cost to taxpayers of dealing with the circus. A spokesperson said the campaign will get a bill for the mess, but since, as Trump boasts, he runs a self-funded vanity campaign, the bill will go straight to The Donald—and presumably The Trash Bin.
Nor was the theater's executive director delighted. He had been promised a no-sign event only to have Trump people distribute stacks of campaign signs inside the elegant old hall. “They lied to us,” he told VtDigger.com, shaking his head, telling an assistant to not bother to try to take them back.
American Federation of Teachers members protest outside the Burlington, Vt., theater at which Trump was speaking. (Photo Terry J. Allen)
Meanwhile hundreds of protesters, including several state politicians, filled the street opposite the theater to chant, play music, and rally the anti-Trump and pro-Bernie forces. Anger at Trump's fascism, racism, misogyny, and anti-immigrant and refugees attacks was blended with humor. One group, in Star Wars storm trooper garb, held aloft a large sign proclaiming “The Dark Side for Trump.” The Kountry Kart Deli, adjacent to the theater, offered a Donald Trump sandwich: Bologna on white bread, “filled with B.S. (bacon slices).”
As the evening wore on the hundreds of protesters outside were joined by the few who had made it inside, raised a ruckus, and were ejected by Trump goons. In his speech, after claiming he loved the 1st amendment as much as the 2nd, Trump informed the audience that this was a private event because he had bought and paid for the space, and protesters were not welcome. If anyone disrupts, he told the attendees, drown them by chanting “Trump” until security can dispose of them. Scattered outburst did indeed punctuate the talk, and while Trump at first declared himself amused, he soon turned vindictive. Throw them out, he ordered of one disruptor, but “confiscate” his coat.
Media were supposed to be relegated to the very back of the hall and were advised to bring extenders for their cameras. Since I lacked a massive lens or a liking for following orders, I just took a seat up front. The better to bask in Trump's golden glow and see the show from the crowd's perspective.
But in the end it was poor entertainment and even poorer politics. More bored than outraged, I left before the sad spectacle ended and joined the companionable assembly gathered outside.
Washington (CNN) Sen. Ted Cruz tore into Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on the Senate floor Friday, repeatedly accusing his fellow Republican of lying and charging lawmakers in both parties of being under the grip of K Street lobbyists.
The scathing intraparty diatribe -- a rare display in a place where courtesy and good manners often mask brimming tensions beneath the surface -- may have violated chamber rules on decorum. The floor speech was triggered when Cruz believed McConnell had blocked several amendments Cruz and other Republicans offered to a highway funding bill, while simultaneously clearing a path for an amendment supported by Democrats to revive the Export-Import Bank, which is expected to pass.
"Today is a sad day for this institution. The Senate operates based on trust. Whether we are Democrats or Republicans, these 100 senators have to be able to trust that when a senator says something, he or she will do it. Even if we disagree on substance, that we don't lie to each other," Cruz said.
Cruz said McConnell had promised he had not cut a deal to allow a vote on the bank, an institution Cruz believes is corrupt.
"If he was telling us the truth that there was no deal, why would he do what he just did?" Cruz asked. "We now know that when the majority leader looks us in the eyes and makes an explicit commitment that he is willing to say things that he knows are false."
Cruz said he had pressed McConnell several times if he had promised bank supporters an upcoming amendment vote in return for their votes on the Trade Promotion Authority bill, which McConnell supported and that narrowly passed the Senate last month.
"Shortly thereafter, we had a Senate Republican lunch where I stood up and I asked the majority leader very directly what was the deal that was just cut on TPA and was there a deal for the Export-Import Bank," Cruz said. "The majority leader was visibly angry with me that I would ask such a question, and the majority leader looked at me and said, 'There is no deal, there is no deal, there is no deal.' Like St. Peter, he repeated it three times."
"He's lying to you," Cruz recounted his staff members telling him after the lunch. "We have been around the Senate a long time. He is not telling you the truth."
Cruz's highly-charged comments could run afoul of Senate Rule 19, which states: "No Senator in debate shall, directly or indirectly, by any form or words, impute to another senator or to other senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a senator." Under Senate rules, either the presiding officer or another senator would have to step forward and make the case that Cruz violated the rules, which did not happen.
There was no response from McConnell, who has a right under the same rule to ask for Cruz's words to be stricken from the record, assuming they are determined to be in violation of the rule. McConnell's office declined to comment on the matter later Friday.
Anger over McConnell's leadership
Cruz, who has made several high-profile challenges to McConnell and other GOP senators in his two years and a half year, then turned his anger toward the way McConnell has run the Senate since Republicans took charge at the beginning of the year. He said McConnell's decision to block amendments was in keeping with the way Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid ran the chamber when he rarely allowed amendments.
He was furious that McConnell would use his unique authority to force a vote on the Export-Import Bank while leaving behind amendments desired by Republicans, like his amendment that would force Iran to formally recognize Israel before getting sanctions relief as part of the Iran nuclear deal.
"There is profound disappointment among the American people because we keep winning elections and they keep getting leaders who don't do anything they promised," Cruz said.
He said McConnell had pushed through massive government spending bills, approved funding for Obamacare, and got Loretta Lynch confirmed as attorney general.
"Which of these decisions would be one iota different if Harry Reid were still majority leader?" Cruz said. "Not a one."
Cruz blamed "the Washington cartel of the lobbyists on K Street, of the big money and big corporations" for pushing for the revival of the Export-Import Bank, which helps American corporations by financing purchases of their goods by foreign companies. He said most Americans would not know what the bank is, much less see it as a high priority for the Senate.
"The giant corporations that are getting special favors from the taxpayers hire an army of lobbyists that write campaign checks after campaign checks," Cruz said. "It is career politicians in both parties that are kept in office by looting the taxpayer to benefit wealthy, powerful corporations."
"You know who doesn't have lobbyists? A single mom waiting tables. You know who doesn't have lobbyists? A teenage immigrant, like my father was, washing dishes, making 50 cents an hour, struggling to achieve the American dream," Cruz said.
Cruz singled out Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who is running for the Democratic presidential nomination, as the exception.
"I'll give credit to Senator Sanders for standing up against corporate welfare," he said.
The Senate will be in session Sunday to continue work on the highway bill. In addition to voting on the Export-Import Bank amendment, McConnell unexpectedly lined up a vote to abolish Obamacare.
Cruz criticized Obamacare move as a "cynical amendment" designed to placate Republicans who can't get votes on the amendments they want even though it is known the Obamacare amendment can't get the 60 votes it would need to pass.
"It is empty showmanship," Cruz offered. "It will be an exercise in meaningless political theatre."
Before he finished his speech, Cruz tried to get a vote on his Iran/Israel amendment. But the presiding officer ruled it was not in order because McConnell had blocked all other amendments.
Cruz appealed the ruling of the chair and a full Senate vote on the appeal will take place Sunday, just after the Export-Import Bank vote.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac still have housing blood on their hands from the 2008 financial crash. However, the giant GSEs, placed in government conservatorship in September 2008, have now, virtually all by themselves, created another bubble, this time in the multifamily rental market.
Fannie and Freddie made 53% of all apartment loans in 2016, that's down from their combined 68% market share in 2012. So, their conservator, The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), recently eased the GSE's lending caps so they can crank out, even more, loans.
Mary Salmonsen writes for multifamilyexecutive.com, “Currently, Fannie and Freddie are particularly dominant in garden apartments [and] in student housing, with 62% and 61% shares, respectively. The two remain the largest mid-/high-rise lenders but hold only 35% of the market.”
In a recent press release, Fannie Mae crowed, “Fannie Mae (FNMA/OTC) provided $55.3 billion in financing and supported 724,000 units of multifamily housing in 2016 – the highest volume in the history of its Delegated Underwriting and Servicing (DUS®) program.”
Cheap interest rates make for low Cap (capitalization) rates and nationwide, “Mid-/high-rise cap rates declined to 4.8%, and garden apartment cap rates to 5.6%, both historic lows,” writes Salmonsen. So, developers can build, lease up and flip projects at sky-high valuations.
Real estate profits are irresistible to developers and according to real estate firm Marcus & Millichap, Apartment builders “will bring 371,000 units to the market in 2017,” with project rents expected to rise 3.8% and vacancy by year-end to be 4%.
With Clark County Nevada being number three in the nation for in-migration with 46,375 people moving into the Las Vegas area between July 1, 2015, and July 1, 2016–127 a day– apartment builders are frantically putting up units and apartment buyers are bidding out-of-this-world prices for units. “Overall in Southern Nevada, investors paid an average of $110,111 per unit for apartment complexes this year by the third quarter, up 53 percent from 2015, according to brokerage firm Colliers International,” the R-J's Eli Segall wrote late last year.
Segall listed some big ticket purchases such as, “Domain, at Coronado Center Drive and Eastern Avenue, which sold for $58.2 million, or around $189,000 per unit; The Wyatt, on Buffalo Drive just south of the 215 Beltway, which traded for $57.3 million, or about $185,900 per unit; and South Blvd, just east of Las Vegas Boulevard near Cactus Avenue, which sold for $53.6 million, or $167,500 per unit.”
Of course, every real estate developer figures he or she can sprinkle their magic dust on a project and make the rents go up. “Landlords are betting they can push rents higher in Las Vegas, whose rates trail that of other cities,” Segall reports. “They'll probably be able to if jobs and wages keep climbing, and if many people, especially younger adults, stay as renters and don't buy a place soon.”
However, Merrill Lynch, has a different point of view, believing millennials will move out of their apartments and buy homes. “Going forward, we expect a reversal driven by millennials in the housing trends that have dominated the marketplace for the last 10 years, including the rise in the rental rate and decline in the homeownership rate.”
But for now, here in Las Vegas, guys like Scott McClave, senior principal of acquisitions and finance at The Bascom Group, see nothing but clear sailing. When asked if the market was overheated, he replied: “If you look at the job and population growth, Las Vegas is still not quite building enough to meet that demand.”
Are rents getting too high? “Today, the average income-to-rent ratio is about 4:1, so it's pretty easy overall for people to afford rents here. You look at an extreme market like New York or L.A., that ratio is more like 2:1,” McClave said.
When asked if apartment construction will continue, the truth came out. After saying everyone, remembers the crash, and new development is “measured,” McClave admitted, “But a builder will never pass on a construction loan. I understand the mentality. The mindset is always, ‘My building will be better, my building will out-lease everyone else's.' I don't fault people for that.”
McClave's company, Bascom, combined with Los Angeles-based Oaktree to pay $38.17 million for the 110-unit luxury complex, or $347,000 per unit, and almost 4 acres of adjacent land for $830,000, reportedly the most expensive apartment building sale ever in the Las Vegas area, as measured by price per unit.
The two companies again teamed up last year to buy 15 apartment complexes, a commercial center and about 20 acres of land for $630 million from Houston-based Camden Property Trust. That sale was said to be the most lucrative Las Vegas apartment deal in memory.
Crazy valuations combined with convenient rationalizations; it all has a familiar ring to it. Who knows how long it will last? We only know how it will end.
Originally published at LewRockwell.com.
Shane Ray was a three-star high school recruit from Shawnee Mission, Kansas. He was recruited to play for Kansas, Notre Dame, but decided to sign with the Missouri Tigers instead. Ray redshirted his freshman season and worked his way from rotational play to starting for the Tigers defense by the 2014 season. He enters the 2015 NFL Draft as a future first round pick.
College Career Overview
After Ray redshirted his freshman season, he started playing rotationally for the Tigers during the 2012 and 2013 seasons alongside future-Panthers' Kony Ealy and Michael Sam. After Ealy and Sam entered the 2014 NFL Draft, Ray became the centerpiece of the Missouri Tigers' defense where he outperformed expectations and set the Tigers' single season sack record with 14.5. Ray was one of the nation's premiere pass rushers and his play earned him First Team All-SEC, SEC Defensive Player of the Year, and Consensus All-American Team honors.
Measureables
Note: Ray didn't participate in the NFL Combine due to a toe injury.
DOB May 18, 1993 Bench (225 lb) 21 reps Height 6'2-5/8″ Vertical Jump Weight 245 lbs Broad Jump Arms 33-1/8″ 20 Yard Shuttle Hands 9-0″ 3 Cone Drill 40-Yard Dash (10 yd split) 60 Yard Shuttle
Stats and Awards
University of Missouri (2011-2014) Consensus First-Team All-American (2014) 2014 – 65 tackles, 22.5 TFL, 14.5 sacks, 1 PD, 3 FF, 1 Blocked Kick First-Team All-SEC (2014) 2013 – 39 tackles, 9.0 TFL, 4.5 sacks, 2 FF, 1 TD SEC Defensive Player of the Year (2014) 2012 – 16 tackles, 2.5 TFL Missouri's Single Season Sack Record (14.5)
Scouting Report
Played 4-3 defensive end for Missouri, but not large enough to play that in the NFL standing at under 6'3″. Needs to add 10-15 lbs onto his frame in order to adequately hold up at the point of attack.
Above-average hip bend and flexibility to turn the corner and drive at the pocket.
Excellent explosion off of the snap with a great first step
Solid snap recognition. Usually one of the first off of the line.
Rushed from the 3-pt stance the vast majority of his career.
Great use of speed rush-rip move when rushing outside and club-swim move going from the interior to penetrate into the backfield. Kind of predictable move set and if you know he's going outside you watch for the rip. The same goes for inside swim move.
Raw pass rushing moves outside of those two mentioned above, with an awful spin move.
Bullrush is not very effective. Doesn't convert speed to power well.
Overly reliant on athleticism to make plays. Could be a limitation later on when asked to learn new techniques.
Doesn't hold the point of attack to seal gaps. Would rather jump into gap rather than holding onto it.
Dropped into zone coverage on limited occasions and didn't play man-to-man coverage, but showed good open field agility.
Excellent effort/motor on backside pursuit. Consistently chasing down players across the field and great at defending screen passes due to pure effort.
Great arm length and should fit as a 3-4 OLB in the NFL.
Has tweener size, but reportedly ran a 4.44 40-yard dash in practice. Definitely fast in game film, but confirmation at his pro day will solidify him as a Top 20 draft pick.
Film Study
In the following plays we'll take a look at Shane Ray's pass rush and run defense and how it applies to the NFL.
1. Pass Rush
Ray's first step is very impressive as he explodes off of the line of scrimmage.
Rays best move by far is his speed rush-rip move to get around the corner. He shows his natural hip bend and can sink them to turn the corner to attack the quarterback. Angling your body as a pass rusher from the outside back to the pocket is a make-or-break trait for pass rushers and Ray does a great job with it.
Outside of his speed rush-rip move outside, Ray flashed a solid club-swim move inside to beat various offensive lineman.
Ray attempts a spin move and out of all the attempts I have seen, it's just awful. He can't get the lineman to bite on the fake to the outside and doesn't have the natural fluidity to spin around. Ray clearly has straight line speed and can turn the corner, but for some reason his spin move is just atrocious.
One thing that I noticed about Ray was that his bullrush isn't that effective at gaining leverage on the blocker. Ray needs to add an additional 10-15 lbs of muscle onto his body to help with that and translate his speed to power better.
Ray showed his versatility rushing from more than just the 4-3 defensive end spot as a 7-tech or a 9-tech. In multiple games, the Tigers lined up Ray as a 3-tech defensive tackle utilizing his explosive first step to penetrate into the backfield.
Ray clearly can't function as a 3-tech on every down due to his size limitations, roughly 50 lbs lighter than your traditional 4-3 3-tech, but it can be useful on 3rd down specialty pass rush packages. This additional experience makes him even more valuable to defensive coordinators that like to scheme different ways to get pressure on opposing quarterbacks.
Continue reading on the next page.
CARSON, Calif. -- No matter how many times Dwayne De Rosario changed Major League Soccer jerseys this year, he put together an MVP season in every new color.
The D.C. United midfielder was named MLS' most valuable player on Friday, capping an unusual season in which he was traded twice.
Even while moving from Toronto FC to the New York Red Bulls to D.C. United in a three-month span, De Rosario became the league's leading scorer with an MLS-best 16 goals and 12 assists. The 11-year MLS veteran is the first Canadian to win the award, and the first player to win it from a team that missed the postseason.
"Believe me, it took a lot out of me to go out there and perform at 100 percent," De Rosario said while accepting his trophy at Home Depot Center, the site of Sunday's MLS Cup. "I knew once I crossed the lines, I had to give it all for every team."
De Rosario received 72.72 percent of voting by media, players and club officials, with the percentage of each group totaled. Houston's Brad Davis was second at 43.66 percent, Dallas youngster Brek Shea finished third, and Los Angeles midfielder Landon Donovan was fourth.
De Rosario, the son of Guyanese immigrants to Scarborough, Ontario, became the second player in a North American major league to win an MVP in a season he was traded. Joe Thornton won the NHL's Hart Trophy in the 2005-06 season after the Boston Bruins traded him to the San Jose Sharks.
Few could argue De Rosario's credentials for the award after a remarkable MLS career with five clubs ever since he failed to catch on in the German Bundesliga in 1998.
De Rosario is a record six-time selection for MLS' Best XI, and he has won four MLS Cup championships -- two with the San Jose Earthquakes, and two more after the franchise moved to Houston and became the Dynamo in 2006. He's the only player to win two MLS Cup MVP awards, in 2001 and 2007.
"If I could exchange this to play on Sunday, I would in a heartbeat," De Rosario said. "I've never played for personal achievements. I play for team accomplishments."
De Rosario joined his hometown Toronto FC in 2009 but angered the team brass when he joined Scottish club Celtic for offseason training last December. Toronto ordered De Rosario home, and he reportedly asked for a better contract.
Instead, Toronto dealt De Rosario to New York, where he teamed up with Thierry Henry and Rafa Marquez. Although De Rosario formed a friendship with Henry, the club didn't believe the two superstars could thrive on the same field, trading De Rosario to D.C. just 87 days and 13 games after acquiring him.
De Rosario played well at every stop despite the constant uprooting of his life with his wife and three children. He finished up strong with United, scoring 13 goals in 18 games despite missing the playoffs.
He finished tied with San Jose's Chris Wondolowski for the league lead in goals, and was the only MLS player to reach double figures in both goals and assists.
"Different systems, different coaching, different philosophies, different teammates, everything," De Rosario said, shaking his head. "Fortunately, I had people everywhere that took me into their team and allowed me to adapt. I'm happy with where I ended up, with a great organization and great teammates."
De Rosario is D.C. United's third league MVP in six years, but the club is in upheaval with concerns about its lease and facilities at RFK Stadium. MLS Commissioner Don Garber has said the team might have to move next season to another stadium in the Washington-Baltimore metroplex.
At least De Rosario knows a little bit about relocating.
Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press
With the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recently issuing its first-ever rule limiting carbon pollution from existing power plants, many policymakers in Congress and state capitals are wondering: How can states meet the proposed standards most cost effectively?
Republicans, Democrats, and Independents can get behind two affordable, reliable, and business-friendly solutions that are ready today – American wind and solar power.
ADVERTISEMENT
These sources of carbon-free electricity already foster economic development in all 50 states, creating jobs and benefitting rural and state economies by attracting new investment.
In just three heartland states, Iowa, Kansas, and Colorado, wind power has grown to support 12,000 good-paying jobs and attracted nearly $20 billion in capital investment. In total, American wind power attracts up to $25 billion a year in private investment into our economy and supports over 50,000 jobs. More than 560 factories in 43 states make wind energy components.
Last year, $13.7 billion was invested in solar nationwide – making it the fastest-growing source of renewable energy in the United States, accounting for nearly 30 percent of all new electric generation capacity installed in 2013. And across the U.S, 143,000 Americans are at work every day at more than 6,100 solar businesses.
Both technologies are experiencing rapid price declines, and those savings are passed onto consumers. The American-made taller towers, longer blades and improved gearboxes, and over 30 years of experience in the field have helped drive down wind costs. According to the Department of Energy, the cost of energy generated by wind has dropped 43 percent in just four years.
When the Midwest utility system operator (MISO) recently reached the milestone of supplying more than 25 percent of its momentary electricity demand from wind, it noted that it's “one of the fuel choices that helps us manage congestion on the system and ultimately helps keep prices low for our customers and the end-use consumer.”
The cost of solar has plummeted, as well. The average price of a residential photovoltaic (PV) installation has also fallen 43 percent, by watt, since 2010. Utility-scale PV prices fell 61 percent in that same time period. That's an incredible decline that has helped solar to consecutive record-breaking years.
Utilities in states as diverse as Colorado, Minnesota and Texas have all recently chosen solar as a cost-competitive source of new generating capacity, diversifying their energy mix – as demonstrated on March 8, 2014, when solar provided a record 18 percent of California's 22,700 MW demand.
Unlike many traditional sources of energy, wind and solar emit no air or water pollution, and create no hazardous waste.
Electricity generation is the largest industrial source of carbon emissions in the U.S. The EPA's proposed rule is an opportunity for the U.S. to again be the leader that the rest of the world can follow. We're already on our way.
Zero-emission wind power avoids enough carbon pollution every year to take the equivalent of 20 million cars off the road. More than 10 states are already reducing carbon emissions by 10 percent or more from wind energy alone (California, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska, Oregon, South Dakota, Vermont, and Washington state). And, according to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, obtaining 30 percent of the U.S. electricity needs with wind power will cut U.S. power sector emissions 37 percent.
Solar currently installed in the U.S. is already generating enough pollution-free electricity to displace 18 billion pounds of coal or 1.8 billion gallons of gasoline. That's the equivalent of removing 3.5 million cars off our roads and highways. Regulators looking to meet their states' changing needs to find solar energy to be reliable, cost-competitive, environmentally friendly, and easily scalable, fitting the needs of the state implementation plans soon to be necessary for meeting the EPA's Section 111(d) carbon pollution standard.
Some members of Congress worry we could hurt our economy by working to meet the EPA's proposed standards. They may not have heard the good news about these newly affordable solutions at hand.
While there's no single solution to meeting the much-needed goal of reducing carbon emissions, wind and solar power are two of the biggest, fastest, and most cost-effective ways to meet the EPA's proposed rule. Governors all across the country already know how they grow economies and create jobs – and a strong majority of Americans support scaling up these clean, homegrown energy sources.
That's why we urge all members of Congress to look to wind and solar power as leading solutions to help meet America's future energy needs.
Kiernan is CEO of the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA); Resch is president and CEO of the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA).
Abdullah's Health And Effectiveness Will Be An Important Part Of The Detroit Lions' Offensive Success.
After an alleged lisfranc injury last season, an injury that typically is a serious issue for players throughout the remainder of their careers, Ameer Abdullah‘s health has been a concern all offseason. With a player like Abdullah, one who has a game based on sharp cuts, being explosive out of those cuts, and quick burst, there was serious concern that he would ever be the same player again. Detroit Lions' training camp this year showed that he is still explosive. He is still quick. The injury does not appear to have an immediate effect on his ability to run athletically.
Breaking: Ameer Abdullah still good — Erik Schlitt (@erikschlitt) July 31, 2017
That said, the question still remains about the long term effect of this injury. Will it affect his confidence in his cuts and running style? Will it be an injury that wears on him over the course of the season? Is this something that he might injure again this season and potentially hamper the remainder of his career? These are questions that we cannot answer from training camp.
Detroit Lions' training camp can tell us that it does not appear to be a concern right no. It is reassuring to see him out and running, looking electric with the ball in his hands. Ameer Abdullah's health may be a question going forward, but it is not an immediate concern. He appears able to do all of the things that he could before, without any sort of limitations.
Abdullah was making some nice catches in training camp drills. He was breaking some nice runs in light contact drills and appears ready to be a threat both as a runner and a receiver. If Ameer Abdullah's health holds up, he should be an important part of the Detroit Lions' offensive attack in this upcoming season.
If the Ameer Abdullah's health can hold up, and the Lions can find some semblance of a running game, the offense should be significantly more effective than it was last year. The offense was among the most efficient in the league last year. Most of the lack of offensive production stemmed from a lack of defense and potent rushing attack. The defense appears improved. Can the rushing attack improve enough to take some of the pressure off the arm of Matthew Stafford?
Thanks for checking out the article everyone. Go Lions! You can follow me on Twitter @Lanny1925 and be sure to join the community on the Detroit Lions subreddit.
When you order your first shipment of HGH Energizer, you'll be automatically signed up to get Free lifetime membership access to our results-based online fitness program. This information is exclusively for HGH Energizer members, and is not available to the general public. Combined with a sensible food program, exercise routine, and drinking plenty of water, the ingredients in HGH Energizer will help Your browser may not support display of this image. you to regain your slim body easier and faster.
As soon as you receive your first order, be sure to check out our Health Resource Center online. The suggestions given there will help ensure your success. You'll find customized exercise programs, diet plans, fitness tracking systems, and much more.
Your HGH Energizer Program gives you a fast and effective weight management system.
What if you could re-live the sense of wonder and mystery from the landmark game "Myst?" Cyan Worlds, co-founded by brothers Rand and Robyn Miller, is bringing it back with their game "Obduction," which releases this August. Robyn came on board to provide the music, and in one of his first interviews about his "Obduction" OST, I talked to him about what we can expect from this master of beautiful, memorable soundtracks. And we'll hear a preview of one of the tracks for "Obduction."
Kate's conversation with Robyn
Robyn explained that one of the challenges is that he hasn't been on the team from the beginning so he's playing catch up, but coming up to speed quickly to determine what kind of music "Obduction" needs. Nothing has been leaked so far except for one track. In fact, even the music used in the teaser trailer is an older piece by Robyn:
The entire sountrack is available on Robyn's Bandcamp page
Robyn has used what he learned writing those iconic soundtracks for "Myst" and "Riven" to create a distinctive sound for each area of "Obduction."
He says the best thing about being part of the team bringing "Obduction" to life is having a chance to work with his brother, Rand, again.
"We've talked about potential future projects, and even designed stuff. That sort of back-and-forth between the two of us has really been enjoyable," he elaborates.
So, the story continues.....
Episode track list:
Robyn Miller: Myst opening theme
Robyn Miller: Vapor from "Ambo: 1000 Years and One Day"
Robyn Miller: Riven: Temple
Robyn Miller: Obduction: History Lesson
Robyn Miller: Myst: Planetarium
Production assistance from Ann Lopez and Sam Roberts
Follow Robyn Miller on Twitter @tinselman
Follow Kate on Twitter @RespawnShowKR
Arkane are now owned by Zenimax Media, a large multinational corporation – which means the studio's soul will be crushed, its imagination will be quashed and it will never, ever perform a single kind act for its fans again. THAT'S WHAT CORPORATIONS DO. Flee! Panic! Cower!
Oh. They've, uh, just released the source code for its revered 2002 RPG Arx Fatalis (a game they once hoped to call Ultima Underworld III, but were stymied by Dark Powers). Also, a last-ever patch designed to make the game play hot-diggity-damndy-dandy on Windowses Vista and 7. In other words, they just made a dead game live again, for no reason other than that they wanted to. Guess those corporate types are alright after all!
Both downloads are here. Get 'em while they're hot.
Needless to say, the source code is not the same as the game assets. It's the engine they're offering you for no-pennies, not Arx Fatalis itself – which you can nab from Steam or GoG for around $4.99 and $5.99 respectively, and eBay for whatever luck hands you. And, by all accounts, you really should pick it up. We don't see the like often these days, etc.
The source code release, meanwhile means you can a) create whole new campaigns or games based on it, theoretically and b) you can tweak, fix and update Arx Fatalis itself by fiddling with it. In Arkane's own words, “this patch will remain the very last Arx Fatalis update released by Arkane Studios” – so anything from hereon in is you, bucko. Yeah, you with teeth.
The unexpected v1.21 patch will cost you a svelte 7.9MB, and is available in Englisher, Frencher, Spanishee, Germanian, Italitastic , Russih and all of the above flavours.
Here's the changelog for the new patch in full, which I'm going to directly copy and paste because paraphrasing them would be exceptionally boring and add no new information. To my enduring shame I haven't played Arx Fatalis, but it's been in the RPS draft post called “Possible Games To Write Retros About?” for about twelfty years. One day. One day. Maybe tomorrow, actually.
– Improved overall game stability under Microsoft Windows Vista & Windows 7.
– Fixed blinking effect that may happen when starting a new game.
– Fixed HUD scaling when display resolution is higher than 1024×960.
– Fixed EAX option: value is now saved when leaving the option menu.
– Fixed an issue with the game locking-up when opening player inventory.
– Fixed length of cinemascope bars displayed during cinematics.
– Fixed some performance issues with a few Nvidia GPU (see Notes). Notes:
– If you experience in game framerate drops or stuttering, please give a try to the “Enable Rendering Fix” option in the Video settings.
Thanks, Arkane, Tharkane.
For some excellent insight in the game itself, here's Kieron's Making Of piece from centuries ago. Also, here's the intro, for nostalgiomancy's sake:
Welcome back, Old Game. Pray tell, lovelies, what do you expect this fine source codey gift to lead to?
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. US President Barack Obama has ordered a review of air security after a Nigerian man was charged with trying to blow up a transatlantic jet on Christmas Day. Spokesman Robert Gibbs said Mr Obama wanted to know how a man carrying explosives had managed to board a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit. Airport security measures in the US and internationally have been tightened. On Sunday, a passenger on the same Northwest Airlines route triggered a brief security scare. The FBI later said the passenger had locked himself in a toilet, but the incident had not been serious. Mr Gibbs told ABC News the system of watch-lists used by US government agencies would be examined, after it emerged that the Christmas Day suspect was listed and known to officials. A US record for 23-year-old Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was created last month. 'Dangerous substance' The US government uses three watch-lists, which become shorter as risk increases. They include one with some 550,000 names on it, a "selectee" list with 18,000 people within the higher-risk category, and a "no-fly" list with 4,000 names of people who are not allowed to board planes. UMAR FAROUK ABDULMUTALLAB Son of a wealthy Nigerian businessman Attended a British school in Togo Studied mechanical engineering at University College London Spent time in Dubai, Yemen and Egypt
Profile: Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab UK travellers face delays Fresh security fears Send us your comments Mr Abdulmutallab was placed on the lowest-risk list by US authorities in November 2009, after his father alerted authorities about the behaviour of his son. Mr Gibbs said the number of people on the watch-list was "a huge number". "The president has asked that a review be undertaken to ensure that any information gets to where it needs to go, to the people making the decisions. The president wants to review some of these procedures and see if they need to be updated," he said. On 24 December Mr Abdulmutallab travelled from Nigeria to Amsterdam and then on to Detroit with an explosive device attached to his body, US officials say. Shortly before the flight was due to land in the US, he allegedly attempted to detonate the device beneath a blanket but he was overpowered by passengers and crew. Mr Abdulmutallab, the son of a prominent Nigerian banker, has been charged by US authorities with trying to blow up the Northwest Airlines flight as it was coming in to land. US airlines especially have tightened security after the attempt, increasing screenings and body searches and, in some cases, confining passengers to their seats without pillows or blankets for the last hour of their flight. Mitigation measures Mr Gibbs said "air detection capabilities" would also be examined as part of the review. "The president has asked the Department of Homeland Security to answer the - quite frankly - the very real question about how somebody with something as dangerous as PETN could have gotten onto a plane in Amsterdam." Mr Abdulmutallab is from a wealthy Nigerian family Mr Abdulmutallab was allegedly carrying PETN, or pentaerythritol - the same material used by shoe bomber Richard Reid who tried to destroy a transatlantic flight in 2001. Mr Abdulmutallab's route began in Yemen, from where he travelled to Ethiopia, Ghana and Nigeria. He then flew from Lagos, Nigeria, to Amsterdam, where he boarded the flight to Detroit. According to Nigeria's Information Minister Dora Akunyili, Mr Abdulmutallab had arrived and flown out of Nigeria on 24 December. Nigerian authorities, who on Sunday pledged to co-operate with the US investigation, said all passengers passing through the country's 22 airports would be screened. Wealthy or influential people and their families are often allowed to skip checks, media reports say. Speaking to ABC New, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said there was no immediate indication that Mr Abdulmutallab was part of a broader terror plot, but that the investigation was continuing.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Update: Berkshire confirmed early Friday that it would indeed acquire Energy Future Holdings for $9 billion in cash plus assumed debt.
Berkshire Hathaway Energy, a division of Warren Buffett's conglomerate is reportedly in talks to acquire Oncor, the Texas power transmission giant. The price is not yet known, but would likely be less than the $19 billion that NextEra had hoped to pay before regulators killed its deal. Dallas billionaire Ray Hunt also failed in an earlier $17 billion bid.
So why would Buffett pay less than that? Because Oncor's bankrupt parent company Energy Future Holdings needs to refinance maturing debt and has been trying, without success, to revive the NextEra deal.
Berkshire Hathaway Energy did not immediately respond to a request for confirmation of the Wall Street Journal's initial report this afternoon. If the deal is real, here's what Buffett will get in Oncor: 15,000 miles of transmission lines in the largest grid in Texas, 3,000 workers, $4 billion in annual revenues, $1.8 billion in ebitda, And also $6.7 billion in debt.
It would be a big addition to Berkshire Hathaway Energy, which already operates big utilities across the west with 4.7 million customers, 33,000 miles of transmission and 32,000 mw of generation capacity. The division contributes 10% of total Berkshire earnings. CEO of the division, Greg Abel, has long been on the shortlist to succeed Buffett.
Abel could hope to keep Berkshire on its growth trajectory by rolling up utilities across the west. Hugh Wynne, power analyst at SSR, explained the economic attractiveness of Oncor:
Berkshire's offer demonstrates how regulated utilities are close to the perfect Warren Buffett investment: utilities operate behind a permanent competitive moat (their monopoly franchise) that allows them to earn returns well in excess of their cost of capital (their allowed return on equity), while the investment requirements of their networks allow them to put large sums of capital to work for long periods of time. I think more institutional investors should take the same approach.
A sale would bring the saga of Energy Future Holdings closer to an end. The company used to be called TXU back in 2007 when KKR, TPG and Goldman teamed up for a $32 billion LBO. They were making an implicit bet that higher natural gas prices (which peaked at $14 per mmbtu in 2008) were here to stay, which would be good for TXU's fleet of cheap coal-burning power plants.
They were completely wrong, of course. The subsequent shale gas revolution now promises 100 years of plentiful natural gas and cheap electricity. In 2014 ETH entered Chapter 11 with $42 billion in debt.
Oncor, the regulated utility division, has been held separate from the bankruptcy proceedings. State regulators have “ringfenced” it, protecting its board of directors from outside interference. This was a sticking point with the NextEra deal. The Florida power company wanted to cut the ringfence and appoint its own directors to the Oncor board. The Texas Public Utility Commission won't back down.
Buffett does have some history with Oncor. Berkshire had years ago acquired $2 billion in Energy Future Holdings bonds, which lost half their value. In his 2013 letter to shareholders Buffett said, “Most of you have never heard of Energy Future Holdings. Consider yourselves lucky; I certainly wish I hadn't.” Now he looks to tack on its crown jewel into Berkshire's expanding western power grid.
Financing for the Oncor buy won't be nearly as tortuous as the 2007 LBO. Berkshire is sitting on more than $80 billion in cash.
Inspired by all painting about Ophelia.I was wondering how could I convey some bad feelings, sadness, loneliness, melancholia... then this kind of concept came to my mind. I can't tell more because I don't know how to say that in english lol. Lying (like a dead man), eyes closed (don't want to see), deaf because the head is half underwater, hurt, naked.I like this piece, I did it faster than I thought, and even if a lot of things are new (for me, I mean I never drew water, flower, things like that) it cames naturally. No stress ghhhI used ref for positionAnd had so much trouble with the head, that honestly why he is blindfolded LOL; it seems I have to improve myself ~I hope you like it !
The ‘I Luh Ya Papi' popstar has quietly and consistently reinforced a feminist model through performance and was recently appointed the UN's first ever Global Advocate for Girls and Women
Text Kat George
We look for feminist role models in pop culture and celebrity all the time. We question if this artist is feminist enough, if that video is reductive to women, and what more the artists and performers that we admire can be doing to champion the feminist cause. And for the most part, artists are responding, co-opting “feminism” as a buzzword to promote conversation around their releases and sell tracks and tours. But there are some who don't shout “feminism” from the rooftops but who do happen to consistently reinforce a sincere and just as important feminist model not only through performance, but in character. Jennifer Lopez, for instance. That's right: J.Lo might be the most overlooked feminist celebrity icon you never knew we already had. J.Lo is quietly a feminist force, and one who doesn't ask you to pat her on the back for it (not that there's anything wrong with the loud and proud feminist). If you look at her musical discography, she's been championing women for nearly two decades, and has been severely underappreciated for it. As early as 1999's On The 6, Lopez had a succinct and demanding message about womanhood that she's unrelentingly carried on throughout her career: that female self-sufficiency rules, she deserves a man who supports that, and supports her. “If You Had My Love”, the song that launched J.Lo into the musical world, essentially defined this premise, as she sang, “Now if I give you me, this is how it's got to be”, laying out the exact expectations she has of a man if she were to hand over her heart.
Much of J.Lo's music adheres to the same theme, unendingly faithful to the idea that a woman is entitled to know and ask for what she wants, and expect respect and strength from her relationships in kind. She acknowledges the struggle with this in “I'm Real” (2001) where she sings, “And when I'm feelin' sexy/ Who's gonna comfort me/ My only problem is/ Their insecurity.” Lopez message was, and has since been, clear in its insistence that a woman doesn't have to bend for love, and that when she's giving herself wholeheartedly to a relationship, that relationship must serve her immaculately. Where love is more of a burden than a tool, Jenny praises, “The strength to stand alone” (“Alive”, 2002), and in “I'm Gonna Be Alright” (2002) puts her own interests first when leaving a relationship – “Though it brings tears to my eyes / I can feel it And I know inside that I'm gonna be alright”, a sentiment seconded in “All I Have” (2003) where she sings “All my pride is all I have.” Unlike the widely accepted social idea that a woman's fulfillment is based on her ability to keep a romantic relationship together, J.Lo suggests that autonomy and self-love are more important for women than enduring toxic treatment as payment for companionship. In direct contradiction to the biggest hits around the same time as On The 6 TLC's “No Scrubs” and Destiny's Child's “Bills Bills Bills”, which put the onus on the male to have money rather than on the woman's financial independence way that can be considered central to her construction of the feminine persona. In “Feelin' So Good” (2000) she sings, “I'm feeling so good/ I knew I would/ Been taking care of myself/ Like I should,” while her anthem “Jenny From The Block” (2002) sees her “In control and loving it”.
“‘I Luh Ya Papi' sees J.Lo taking on those masculinities: languishing in a mansion with her entourage, partying on a yacht surrounded by half-naked men, and in all senses truly flipping the gender roles generally associated with music videos”
Her liberation through financial independence sets the precedent for her to demand more from relationships in her music, and indeed, destroy the kept woman/damsel in distress paradigm that plagues so many pop representations of women. It's all there in the title of “Love Don't Cost A Thing” (2000), in which she sings “What I need from you is not available in stores,” or in “Do It Well” (2007) where to her romantic interest she asserts, “I ain't takin' no cash or credit, just a guarantee.” It's something that just now is beginning to gain precedence with pop stars like Beyonce, Nicki Minaj and even Kim Kardashian, who point to their financial success as a sign of independence and ownership of their identity, something J.Lo has been proclaiming, consistently and perhaps prophetically, since the late 90s. J.Lo has also managed to upturn many notions about the “unruly” woman through her music, with a true commitment to a party that seems to be constantly going on in her world. “Let's Get Loud” (2000), “Play” (2001)”, “Get Right” (2005), and most recently her Pitbull collaborations like “On The Floor” (2011) and “Live It Up” (2013) put her in traditionally male shoes: popping bottles and partying it up with hotties on the dance floor. The most flagrantly feminist J.Lo has ever been, in this respect, is in her video for 2014's “I Luh Ya Papi”, which explicitly addresses the way women are hyper-sexualized in music videos, and the way men employ certain tropes in their videos in order to enhance this objectification. “I Luh Ya Papi” sees J.Lo taking on those masculinities: languishing in a mansion with her entourage, partying on a yacht surrounded by half-naked men, and in all senses truly flipping the gender roles generally associated with music videos.
J. L. Schellenberg (born 1959) is a Canadian philosopher best known for his work in philosophy of religion. He has a DPhil in Philosophy from the University of Oxford, and is Professor of Philosophy at Mount Saint Vincent University and Adjunct Professor in the Faculty of Graduate Studies at Dalhousie University, both in Halifax, Nova Scotia.[1]
Schellenberg's early development of an argument from divine hiddenness for atheism has been influential.[2] In a subsequent series of books he has arrived at a form of religion called ‘skeptical religion' which he regards as being compatible with atheism.[3] In 2013 the Cambridge University Press journal Religious Studies published a special issue devoted to critical discussion of Schellenberg's philosophy of religion.[4]
Philosophical work [ edit ]
Divine hiddenness [ edit ]
Schellenberg's first book, Divine Hiddenness and Human Reason (Cornell University Press, 1993), developed the argument from divine hiddenness (or hiddenness argument) against the existence of God. Discussion of Schellenberg's argument continues today, in academic journals, anthologies, and other books, as well as online.[5]
Schellenberg's most recent statement of the hiddenness argument may be summarized as follows. A God (construed as a perfect personal being) could not be less than perfectly loving, and a perfectly loving God would always be open to a meaningful conscious relationship with finite persons who are capable of participating in such a relationship and do not resist it. This implies that if there is a God, every finite person who fits that description is able to exercise his or her capacity and be part of such a relationship. But this cannot be the case unless everyone who fits that description believes that God exists (for to have a conscious relationship with someone you have to believe they exist). It follows that if there is a God, there is no one who fits that description and fails to believe that God exists, i.e., there are no ‘nonresistant nonbelievers'. But there are. Therefore, there is no God.[6]
Critics have argued that even a loving God might have reasons to be hidden generated by such things as the requirements of human freedom, human unreadiness for relationship with God, or the religious value of doubt.[7] Schellenberg has replied that philosophers have no reason to assume that the persons God would create would be human persons existing in a world like ours, and that there are various ways in which the same good states of affairs to which critics appeal would be capable of being experienced in the context of a relationship with God.[8]
Skeptical religion [ edit ]
Schellenberg's work after 1993 includes a trilogy on philosophy of religion (also published by Cornell: 2005, 2007, 2009). This project aims to address the most fundamental issues in that field and to set an agenda for future inquiry.[8]
The first volume, Prolegomena to a Philosophy of Religion, examines basic concepts in philosophy of religion such as ‘religion', ‘belief', ‘faith' and ‘skepticism' (or ‘doubt') and proposes what Schellenberg regards as ways of revamping the discipline, including a new understanding of faith without belief.[9]
The second volume, The Wisdom to Doubt: A Justification of Religious Skepticism, offers various different arguments for religious skepticism that are intended to prepare the reader for the third book – The Will to Imagine: A Justification of Skeptical Religion.[10]
In the third book, Schellenberg argues for a religious orientation grounded not in belief, but in the sort of imaginative faith detailed in the first volume. Instead of focusing on theism, or any other specific idea from today's religions, this sort of religion, which Schellenberg calls ‘skeptical religion', is focused on a proposition to which he gives the name ‘ultimism'. Ultimism, as he defines it, is more general than other religious ‘isms' – it is the proposition that something is ultimate in the nature of things, ultimately valuable, and the source of our ultimate good, but the details of that something it leaves open.[11]
Schellenberg suggests that arguments criticized as unable to support traditional belief in God can be adapted to support skeptical religion. In his view, skeptical religion therefore offers a solution to the problem of faith and reason.[12]
A central feature of Schellenberg's trilogy is his suggestion that if we alter our perspective on time – looking into the deep future as well as the deep past – we will see that we may be at a very early stage in our development as a species (given that it is possible that the Earth will remain habitable for another billion years). With this vast stretch of time before us, he asks, why would we think that our best ideas – even ideas about religion – are behind us?[13] At this stage in our development, Schellenberg argues, religion of a different sort from what we have seen before is called for.
Critics have argued that if Schellenberg is skeptical or doubting about ultimism on the basis of future possibilities, then he should also be skeptical about theism instead of being an atheist, and that the idea of skeptical religion might be hard to put into practice.[14] Schellenberg has said that there is a danger here of "crying over unspilt milk" since we have hardly begun to think about skeptical religion.[15] He has also suggested reasons for distinguishing between theism (which he says may be disbelieved) and ultimism (which he says should only be doubted) on the basis of the former's detailed content.[16]
The science and religion debate [ edit ]
Schellenberg's Evolutionary Religion (Oxford University Press, 2013) aims to be a more widely accessible account of his arguments in the trilogy.[17] It seeks to place these arguments into an evolutionary framework and maintains that skeptical religion provides a new way of responding to the science and religion debate.[18]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
In the book publishing world, what's old is new again.
Data from the U.S. Census Bureau shows that bookstore sales rose by 2.5% from $10.89 billion to $11.17 billion in 2015, the first such increase in the industry since 2007.
The figures were reported by Publishers Weekly, which also noted that eBook sales declined in 2015 while print sales went up.
The Association of American Publishers spotted a similar trend during the first three quarters of 2015. From January until September of last year, the AAP reported that eBooks were down 11.1%.
The group said most of the decline came in sales of children or young adult books, which saw a 44.8% decline in eBook sales. Paperback sales grew by 13.3% over the same period, according to the AAP.
"When eBooks first appeared, their growth was exponential," AAP spokeswoman Marisa Bluestone told CNNMoney. "While there are many who are still discovering e-readers, I don't think we'll get back to the levels of triple-digit growth the way we did five years ago. That said, eBooks do have a good market share, and are here to say."
Nov 08, 2016 at 16:16 // Blockchain
Nina Lyon Author
Students of business schools predicted two-to-one that a Bitcoin-weighted portfolio is a better long-term investment than Ethereum.
The Kraken Case Study Competition, hosted on Which MBA?, a division of one of the most widely recognized publications – The Economist, invited students from universities across the world to weigh in on which blockchain technology is the better long-term buy: Bitcoin or Ethereum.
According to the announcement, to win the grand prize of $10,000, student teams had to submit the most compelling written and video proposals declaring which was the better long-term investment.
Jesse Powell, founder and CEO of Bitcoin exchange Kraken, commented:
"The question: is Bitcoin merely a prototype for superior technology yet to come, or, does its strong first-mover advantage, entrenchment and value insulate it from competitors? Ethereum is often referred to as 'Bitcoin 2.0', but it's relatively new and untested by comparison. Does Ethereum offer a unique value proposition over Bitcoin? Can both assets coexist or is it a winner-take-all game? How should an investor evaluate each opportunity in terms of portfolio diversification, maximising upside and minimising downside risk? The teams must look at strengths and weaknesses of each technology and their use cases, adoption, project governance, developer and investor sentiment, historical performance and global regulatory issues. The complexity of this evaluation coupled with the tremendous upside potential for a correct bet is why we felt this was the perfect question for this challenge."
The top three teams will be selected by Kraken, however, there will also be a People's Choice award of $3,000, given to the team whose proposal receives the most votes from the public. Winners will be announced in December 2016.
To cast your vote in the case study competition, visit economist.com/cybercurrency.
(This April 23 story was corrected to clarify source for number of displaced people)
Displaced Iraqi men wait in a truck to be transported to a camp as the battle between the Iraqi Counterterrorism Service and Islamic State militants continues nearby, in western Mosul, Iraq, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
By Ahmed Aboulenein
MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - Heavy two-way traffic of carts carrying children, clothes, and the elderly crowded the main Baghdad-Mosul road on Sunday as hundreds of Iraqis fled heavy fighting or made their way back to areas seized back from Islamic State.
Families paid no heed to the sound of heavy mortar, artillery and machine gun fire raging in the background as U.S.-trained Iraqi forces battled Islamic State some two km.(about a mile) away.
Some had walked miles to a government checkpoint where the men were placed in army trucks and sent for security screening to ensure no militant sleeper cells get out of the city. Women and children were put on busses and sent to camps housing hundreds of thousands, some displaced since the offensive to retake the Islamic State stronghold began in October.
“We left because of darkness, hunger, and death. There are bullets and air strikes. We were injured, our children were injured,” said Younnes Ahmed, who was fleeing al-Thaura district with his family, their clothes all piled on a cart. There was a deep bullet wound on his hand.
A group of young men further inside the city sat on the street as soldiers gave them back identification cards they had taken to conduct background checks before letting them go.
Most houses were reduced to rubble, either because of air strikes or Islamic State bombs. Cars were hollowed out.
“Islamic State blew up my house with TNT to shield against air strikes,” said Hossam Saleh who now lives in rubble because he has nowhere to escape to.
Others were walking back into the city, eager to reclaim their homes after their neighborhoods had been retaken from Islamic State by U.S.-backed security forces.
“We left because of the air strikes but have now returned. But we want the government to restore services like electricity and water and to allow us to drive instead of using carts,” said Mosaab Mohamed who was walking back into Mosul with his family.
Iraqi forces have taken much of Mosul from the militants who overran the city in June 2014. The military now controls the eastern districts and are making advances in the west.
Islamic State fighters, holding out in the Old City, are surrounded in the northwest and are using booby traps, sniper and mortar fire to defend themselves.
Three policemen were killed in a suicide attack south of Mosul. A group of about 10 assailants, including four suicide bombers, had tried to infiltrate a Federal Police helicopter base in Al-Areej, a police captain told Reuters.
WATER
Those who have returned say the government has been slow to restore services even to western districts that had been retaken a while ago.
“We are besieged in the Resala area. There are stray bullets from other areas where there is fighting; three children have died,” said Mohamed Sobhi.
“Water and aid cannot reach us. I call on the government to redistribute the people in areas like ours into other safer areas in Mosul.”
Hundreds of thousands of civilians are still trapped in western Mosul, where Iraqi forces are making slow progress against Islamic State in what is a labyrinth of narrow streets.
Slideshow (5 Images)
As of April 20, some 503,000 people have been displaced from Mosul since October, according to government figures provided by the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR. The U.N. migration agency, the IOM, puts the displaced figure at 334,518 people as of April 23.
Still, there were signs of a slow return to commerce on Sunday, with one man setting up a cigarette stand and a family selling candy bars and water on the Mosul-Baghdad road, and residents were eager to rebuild.
“We do not want anything from the government, we just want to be allowed to help ourselves. If we can have letters allowing us to go other places we will get our own water, and transport it back,” said Omar Khaled as he carried his infant son back into the city.
The first wheat crop in Australia to be hit by the Russian aphid appears to have recovered strongly after treatment.
Authorities discovered the country's first ever case of Russian wheat aphid on a farm in South Australia in May and it quickly spread into Victoria.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (1.67 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (1.67 MB)
Load more chevron right
Grain Producers Australia chairman Andrew Weidemann visited the paddock with a delegation recently, 21 days after the paddock had been sprayed with insecticide to kill the aphid.
He said the paddock's rapid recovery was a welcomed surprise.
"What we observed quite clearly, and from talking to the farmer, was the impact on the particular paddock at the time [when the aphid was discovered] was quite substantial, but the regrowth over [the period] between spraying and us actually visiting the paddock was quite substantial," he said.
"There were no insects and the paddock was back and thriving again and providing food to sheep that were actually grazing on it."
Then the aphid was discovered on the paddock last month, the crop was described as "almost dead".
While the fast recovery of the crop after spraying was encouraging, Mr Weidemann said it now appeared another valuable weapon against the aphid would be natural predators.
For that reason, he said it might be best to only spray crops when the aphid was causing substantial damage, perhaps at a threshold of 20 per cent damage to the crop.
He said spraying the aphid in cases where crop damage is negligible could be counter-productive, because it would kill the aphid's natural predators.
The visiting delegation included farmers' representatives, an entomologist and a representative from Biosecurity SA.
"Clearly [after seeing the paddock] it is a manageable pest and through talking with the entomologist, we feel that a good response method for the farmers is to ensure they observe what is in the paddock," Mr Weidemann said.
"Clearly there is a threshold to how much aphid damage you would see before you would even consider spraying."
Mr Weidemann predicted the cold winter months would control the Russian aphid until spring arrived and if an increase was observed when the weather warmed up, then it might be time to consider spraying.
Meanwhile, the pest has continued its spread into Victoria after first being confirmed to have crossed the border three weeks ago.
It has now been discovered in several areas in the state, mostly in the far west, but also as far east as Dingee, 300 kilometres from the South Australian border.
Agriculture Victoria chief plant health officer Dr Gabrielle Vivian-Smith said the department wanted to receive more samples from farmers to gain a more accurate picture of where the aphid now existed.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (2.04 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (2.04 MB)
Load more chevron right
"There's not a huge number of samples through that central area of Victoria around that Bendigo area," Dr Vivian-Smith said.
"So until we get more samples in, more negatives and more positives, it's hard to be confident that we know the distribution of the aphid."
After failing to beat Lewis Hamilton's time in both practice sessions, Nico Rosberg revealed that he still has more pace to show going into qualifiers and Sunday's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The Drivers' Championship leader closed the gap on his team-mate and rival from FP1 to FP2, adding that his flying lap in the second session wasn't up to scratch.
“[Lewis]'s a little bit faster but I didn't do my lap properly so I still have a bit in reserve,” Rosberg said.
“But it's going to be tough because he's driving well and it's going to be a close battle tomorrow and I'll drive for pole.”
Interestingly, since the Japanese Grand Prix last month, Rosberg has led only one session, with Hamilton out-pacing him in every other session.
In regards to Mercedes having an open policy where both drivers share each others data, the German ace explained that he has no qualms with the way things are done within the Silver Arrow garage.
“It doesn't [bother me] because we have always done it that way and that's the way it is when you are fighting your own teammate, but of course in F1 terms maybe it's a bit unusual because more often than not you have drivers from different teams fighting for a championship,” he concluded.
“But it's the nature of our battle, we know it's that way and we just have to make the most of it.”
We talked earlier about Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer (D), who told MSNBC's Steve Kornacki over the weekend that two top officials in Gov. Chris Christie's (R) administration told her to advance a local development deal, and in exchange, her city would receive more post-Sandy relief funding. The governor's office is challenging the mayor's story this afternoon with an easy-to-check claim.
At issue is an event in May of last year, when a group of officials gathered for a public television special on Sandy recovery . Zimmer sat alongside Richard Constable, Christie's community affairs commissioner, and according to the mayor , Constable told her if she moved forward with a specific development deal, “they money would start flowing” to Hoboken.
Today, Christie's office disseminated a piece from the Asbury Park Press, quoting Belmar Mayor Matt Doherty (D), who was part of the same panel.
Belmar Mayor Matt Doherty, who also was a panelist, said he didn't hear a conversation between Zimmer and Constable. “I sat next to Mayor Zimmer and, if I recall correctly, (Constable) was on my other side,” Doherty said.
If true, that would be a pretty important detail – Zimmer's version of events makes clear that she was sitting next to the Christie administration official. But is Doherty's memory accurate?
It is not. As is clear in the above photo, Doherty's mistaken. Seated in the front row, from right to left, is Doherty, then Zimmer, then Constable. Patrick Murray, the director of Monmouth University's polling institute, is on the far-left side of that front row.
It's not surprising that the governor's office hopes to undermine the accuracy of the mayor's claims, but in this case, her version is at least plausible – she was seated next to Constable, just as she claimed. Doherty's account, which Team Christie is circulating, is simply mistaken.
That does not mean, of course, that we can say with certainty what, if anything, Zimmer and Constable discussed. What's more, the public television station that aired the special has no recording of the pre-show conversations.
The sold out Pitchfork Music Festival kicks off tomorrow at Chicago's Union Park. Pitchfork.tv will be live streaming the festival all weekend on Pitchfork.com, thanks to our sponsor, Goose Island. Watch sets from Wilco, Sleater-Kinney, Run the Jewels, Chvrches, Jamie xx, Mac DeMarco, Vince Staples, Caribou, Panda Bear, Kurt Vile, A$AP Ferg, and so many more, right on your computer. Find the full live stream schedule below.
Today, Pitchfork.tv are also happy to present "Pitchfork Music Festival X", a documentary chronicling the festival's 10-year history. It features archival footage of Kendrick Lamar, LCD Soundsystem, the Go! Team, Os Mutantes, and more, plus interviews with Pitchfork staff.
In other Pitchfork fest news, the full schedule and lineup for Book Fort readings has also been announced. Check it out here.
Many kinds of specials 10th anniversary festival merch will be available on the festival grounds, including T-shirts, pins, tote bags, and posters. Below is our official poster, a first time collaboration between Jay Ryan (The Bird Machine) and Dan Black (Landland):
Streaming schedule (all times listed in Central time):
Friday, July 17:
8:30 Wilco (Green)
8:15 Ought (Blue)
7:20 Chvrches (Red)
7:15 Iceage (Blue)
6:25 Panda Bear (Green)
5:30 Mac DeMarco (Red)
5:15 Steve Gunn (Blue)
4:35 iLoveMakonnen (Green)
4:15 Jessica Pratt (Blue)
3:30 Natalie Prass (Red)
3:20 Ryley Walker (Blue)
Saturday, July 18:
8:45 Vic Mensa (Blue)
8:30 Sleater-Kinney (Green)
7:25 Future Islands (Red)
6:15 The New Pornographers (Green)
5:45 A$AP Ferg (Blue)
5:15 Parquet Courts (Red)
4:15 Kurt Vile and the Violators (Green)
3:45 Vince Staples (Blue)
3:20 Ex Hex (Red)
2:50 Mr. Twin Sister (Blue)
1:55 Bully (Blue)
1:45 Protomartyr (Red)
1:00 Jimmy Whispers (Green)
__
Sunday, July 19__
7:45 Todd Terje & The Olsens (Blue)
7:25 Run The Jewels (Red)
6:15 Caribou (Green)
5:15 Jamie xx (Red)
4:45 How To Dress Well (Blue)
4:15 Courtney Barnett (Green)
3:45 Perfume Genius (Blue)
3:20 Madlib & Freddie Gibbs (Red)
2:50 The Julie Ruin (Blue)
2:30 Waxahatchee (Green)
1:55 Mourn (Blue)
1:45 Viet Cong (Red)
1:00 Single Mothers (Blue)
1:00 Bitchin Bajas (Green)
News in Science
Birds and bees act up with climate change
Human-generated climate change made flowers bloom sooner and autumn leaves fall later, turned some polar bears into cannibals and some birds into early breeders, a vast global study reports.
In Australia for instance, migratory birds including flycatchers and fantails are arriving early and water levels in Western Victoria have declined.
Hundreds of previous studies have noted these specific changes and most suggested a link to so-called anthropogenic global warming, but a new analysis published in the journal Nature correlates these earlier studies with changes in temperature, the study's lead author says.
There was a close relationship between temperature shifts between 1970 and 2004 and changes in plants, animals and the physical world, such as the retreat of glaciers and the water level in desert lakes, the study says.
"When you look at all of the glaciers and all of the snowpack and all of the birds laying eggs earlier and all of the plants having spring earlier across a continent, then we see we can detect anthropogenic signals," says Dr Cynthia Rosenzweig of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies.
The researchers worked to rule out observed changes that could have been caused by other factors besides anthropogenic climate change.
Building on research done to support findings reported in 2007 by the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, Rosenzweig and her co-authors brought together nearly 30,000 sets of data about biological and physical changes around the world.
The researchers, including Australia's Professor David Karoly of the University of Melbourne, then matched that up with a detailed database of global temperature change.
"We overlay those two global datasets and then we do a spatial pattern analysis globally about the co-location of significant temperature trends and observed changes consistent with warming," Rosenzweig says.
"We see that those are strongly co-located."
The link between human-caused global warming and observed biological and physical changes is very strong, she says.
On a global scale, the correlation is more than 99% between the two factors. On a continental scale, she says, the correlation if very likely 90-99%.
In a commentary published by Nature, climatologists Dr Francis Zwiers from Environment Canada and Dr Gabriele Hegerl from the University of Edinburgh picked over the big dispute as to whether climate impacts could be pinned on human interference.
They placed a question mark over the shortness of the records put forward by Rosenzweig's team. Evidence stretching back far longer than a few decades was needed to get a solid perspective, they say.
But, they add, these objections are outweighed by "the sheer number of changes" that the paper lists.
Seen so far
Here are some observed changes in the natural world attributable to climate change, according to the study:
This year marks the tenth anniversary of The Long Walk, following Michael Long's historic walk to Canberra in 2004 to get the lives of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people back on the national agenda.
As part of the celebrations in 2014, The Long Walk will host a series of new events prior to the opening bounce of the annual Dreamtime at the ‘G clash between Essendon and Richmond on Saturday 31 May.
Speaking at the Sidney Myer Music Bowl this morning, Long revealed the iconic venue will not only host the start of this year's The Long Walk, but the inaugural Fun Walk around The Tan and The Long Walk Wellbeing Concert featuring local and international artists.
Long said he is proud of the work The Long Walk does to support Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander wellbeing.
“I have been reflecting on what we have achieved over the past ten years since I first felt the force of people power on the first walk,” Long said.
“We have raised awareness and bridged many gaps between people across Australia and we will continue to build understanding and respect. We urge people to join us and continue walking.”
The Long Walk Chairperson Noelene Cox said The Long Walk Trust was formed out of the overwhelming support for Michael's actions that came from everyday Australians from all walks of life.
“In 2014 The Long Walk celebrates 10 years of raising awareness for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander wellbeing,” Cox said.
“We continue to uphold the actions of Michael Long and those that joined him in his walk to Canberra that started on 21 November 2004. When Michael walked to Canberra his actions spoke to the hearts and minds of thousands of people who agreed that Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders needed a fair go to become equal with the rest of Australia, while also recognising our unique position as the oldest continuing culture on this earth.
“The Long Walk 10 Year celebrations will take place on Saturday 31 May. Let's keep connected. Let's walk together for a better Australia, for ALL Australians.”
Essendon captain Jobe Watson said the club's playing group was proud to support The Long Walk following 10 years of outstanding work in the community.
“What I love about The Long Walk is that even after 10 years, people still want to be a part of what it means and society still cares about what the initial walk was about,” Watson said.
“They feel it is important, it is a great way to connect the community and I think it is a really important part of Australian society now.”
In the last 10 years:
Over 90,000 people have walked with Michael Long on The Long Walks around Australia to show their support for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and to celebrate The Long Walk's achievements;
6,000 people have shared stories at The Long Walk Women's Luncheons
Nearly 20,000 people have taken part in The Long Walk's education programs, connecting people from all walks of life with our rich culture and history.
The Long Walk 10 Year Celebrations will take place on Saturday 31 May in Melbourne, Brisbane, Alice Springs and Perth and on Saturday 24 May in Adelaide and Monday 7 June in Sydney.
The Long Walk is proudly partnered with Essendon Football Club, Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet – Minister of Indigenous Affairs, as well as the Victorian Aboriginal Health Service (VAHS) Healthy Lifestyles Team.
Saturday 31 May, 2014
10.30am: The Long Walk Fun Walk
12.00pm: Free Wellbeing Concert at the Sidney Myer Music Bowl
5.30pm: The Long Walk to Dreamtime at the ‘G
7.45pm: Essendon v Richmond at the MCG
For more information on The Long Walk, please click here.
Richard Dawkins is a smart man; his contributions to the biological sciences are many. Too bad his expertise in biology doesn't preclude him from making foolish and offensive claims about rape.
Date rape is bad. Stranger rape at knifepoint is worse. If you think that's an endorsement of date rape, go away and learn how to think. July 29, 2014
How can a world-renowned scholar and thinker who has written many well-respected books and is the recipient of five major scientific awards be so wrong about such an important topic?
By missing the point: Dawkins is arguing about logic. Just because he said that stranger rape is worse, he insists, doesn't mean he thinks date rape is acceptable. Defining one thing as “bad” and another thing as “worse” is not an endorsement of the former.
This point was a more direct example of a statement posed in an earlier tweet:
X is bad. Y is worse. If you think that's an endorsement of X, go away and don't come back until you've learned how to think logically. July 29, 2014
As he said in a blog post written after the tweet, “Both are bad. I wasn't making a point about which of the two was worse. I was merely asserting that to express an opinion one way or the other is not tantamount to approving the lesser evil.”
That's not what's important. Nobody is under the delusion that Richard Dawkins approves of date rape. As he says himself, you can reverse the two categories and still arrive at the same conclusion:
If you prefer to think date rape is worse than knifepoint, simply reverse my syllogism. To say Y is worse than X is not an endorsement of Y. July 29, 2014
What he misses entirely is the broader point. For him, the situation is purely academic. But rape is a highly subjective experience; nobody's story is the same, so attempting to define categories such as “bad” or “worse” is pointless -- every victim sees it differently. We shouldn't be quantifying rape, and doing so invokes other dangerous and harmful arguments.
Jezebel's Erin Gloria Ryan puts it best:
“...[S]peaking in absolutes about [rape] is, to use an academic phrase, fucking asinine. Saying with laughable certainty that rape can be neatly categorized and quantified in terms of "bad," and that certain categories always affect victims more profoundly than other categories is about as logical as definitively ranking other sensory and emotional experiences.” Tweet
Unsurprisingly, the tweet caused a firestorm.
@RichardDawkins erm. no they are both just as bad. July 29, 2014
@RichardDawkins Again, rape is a legal term, there are no degrees - I think you need to be more careful in your terminology, Richard. July 29, 2014
I'm glad @RichardDawkins is here to tell us objectively & comparatively how bad our rapes were. Go away and learn compassion. July 29, 2014
@RichardDawkins bro logic. rape is rape. your categorising does not have a relation to the victim's ability to cope after the rape. July 29, 2014
@RichardDawkins just fuck off forever you fetid pissweasel July 29, 2014
@ThatSabineGirl @RichardDawkins So helpful! Maybe he could make a list ranking types of rape from worst to least bad? July 29, 2014
@RichardDawkins there are no varying degrees separating any of the evil things you're trying to quantify. Evil is evil...stop it. July 29, 2014
@RichardDawkins 'Well at least I was only raped by my date, not a stranger! Could've been worse!' No. July 29, 2014
The Dawkins index, or how many people can you insult with a single tweet #AlternateScienceMetrics July 30, 2014
Given Dawkins' history of controversial tweets -- including one about Muslims and the Nobel Prize, and another, in the same vein as the rape tweet, about pedophilia -- it's unlikely he'll stop his commentary anytime soon.
Until he does, however, neuroscientist Dean Burnett has come up with a genius (and highly logical) way to handle it:
CLOSE Home had been target of vandalism and seances after drawing national attention in wake of 2014 IndyStar story. (Stephen J. Beard / IndyStar) Stephen J. Beard / IndyStar
The Gary home once at the center of a multi-agency police investigation into demonic activity has been demolished Jan. 19, 2016. (Photo: Provided by John Delano.)
The Gary home once at the center of a multi-agency police investigation into demonic activity has been demolished.
Zak Bagans, host and executive producer of “Ghost Adventures” on the Travel Channel, had the purported "demon house" destroyed two weeks ago. The demolition was filmed for a documentary Bagans plans to release later this year.
"Something was inside that house that had the ability to do things that I have never seen before — things that others carrying the highest forms of credibility couldn't explain either," he told IndyStar via email. "There was something there that was very dark yet highly intelligent and powerful."
Bagans bought the Carolina Street house in 2014, shortly after IndyStar published an article about Latoya Ammons' claim that she and her three children had been possessed by demons. Ammons' tale spurred an Indiana Department of Child Services intervention, police investigation and a series of exorcisms that a priest claimed were the first authorized by the bishop of the Catholic Church's Diocese of Gary.
IndyStar's piece chronicled Ammons' description of strange occurrences involving her and her three children — and the government's response. The article went viral, with dozens of movie producers and countless TV shows clamoring for interviews.
Bagans interviewed numerous police officials, a former DCS worker and others for his documentary. He would not say whether he interviewed Ammons or her family.
The home is where Ammons and her mother, Rosa Campbell, said many of the strange things happened.
Bagans told IndyStar his reason for destroying the home will be presented in the documentary. He said his goal is to launch the documentary at a major film festival this year.
Call IndyStar reporter Marisa Kwiatkowski at (317) 444-6135. Follow her on Twitter: @IndyMarisaK.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1SVOKBJ
Cleverbot conversation WXCSVL89HA
Is this bot Clever?
Find out at http://www.cleverbot.com
Email this conversation to a friend
This page is now permanently available at
http://www.cleverbot.com/conv/201611230058/WXCSVL89HA_Hello-Cleverbot
Send to email address
Your email address
Message
User: Hello Cleverbot.
Cleverbot: How are you doing?
User: Good. Let's play Dungeons & Dragons!
Cleverbot: Lets play what?
User: D&D - it's a roleplaying game.
Cleverbot: I am nobody, who are you? Are you a nobody too? Then there's a pair of us, don't tell, they'd banish us you know.
User: Oh you're already roleplaying! Good! Okay so you're a nobody in society who's speaking to someone. Who are you speaking to?
Cleverbot: I'm sorry.
User: You tell this mysterious figure that you're sorry. They look down at you in disgust. "Don't be sorry. Become better, and don't be such a coward.".
Cleverbot: Why do I need to say sorry?
User: The figure replies "You don't! Get over yourself!".
Cleverbot: Prove it.
User: He looks at you with confusion. "Get out of my sights! I never want to see you again!".
Cleverbot: *slaps you again*.
User: "What the hell!? You're getting on my last nerve and I'm not afraid to kill you!".
Cleverbot: You're getting on my nerves more.
User: The figure winds up and punches you straight in the gut.
Cleverbot: *kicks you*.
User: By now there's an all out fight happening. The figure has a clear upper hand though, how do you proceed?
Cleverbot: I will do that next time I see them, I know im pretty bugged out but no one is perfect.
User: You'll kick this person again?
Cleverbot: He's amazing. He's so much that I have always wanted. Strong, brave, kind, and intelligent.
User: You're going to kick them because you envy them?
Cleverbot: No! Why are you asking me things like that??
User: Well ok, sorry. The figure beats you down and leaves. What do you do now?
Cleverbot: No, I was asking you if you wanted to go out on a date with me.
User: You beg to the figure to come back; all you wanted was a date. She turns around with disgust and spits in your direction. "I would never even think about it, you creep!".
Cleverbot: I would very much like to come back for coffee.
User: "STOP HITTING ON ME! YOU'RE ALREADY DOWN, HOW MUCH MORE PATHETIC CAN YOU GET?!".
Cleverbot: Sorry! I can't help it you're so pretty!
User: "Jesus Christ" she says as she continues to walk away, ignoring your voice.
Cleverbot: *goes to pentagon*.
User: You arrive at the Pentagon. Security notices that not only do you have no security clearance, but you're dressed from medieval times. What do you do?
Cleverbot: That's the clever part.
User: Ok so tell me what you're going to do.
Cleverbot: I'm going to have an affair with you.
User: You say to an FBI agent as he approaches you. "What did you just say to me?".
Cleverbot: I said: Learn how to think, human.
User: He looks at you visibly concerned, just now realizing that you're actually a large elvish creature.
Cleverbot: I'm only arguing because you don't make any sense.
User: He raises his gun towards you and requests that you put your hands in the air. Do you comply?
Cleverbot: Hair has nothing to do with age now that everybody dyes it. It's what makes older women still attractive to younger men.
User: He begins to shout: "Put your hands up now or I will shoot!".
Cleverbot: How are you going to destroy me?
User: He looks visibly confused at this point. "I'm warning you one last time! I will use deadly force!".
Cleverbot: If you're Glenn Beck and wanting friends: try being less of a Republican tool.
User: He shoots you once in the chest.
Cleverbot: Would you llike to play a game of thermo-nuclear war?
User: You say as the nuclear bomb strapped to your chest begins to count down from 10, ticking down each second. Within moments the agent notices and begins to flee, warning everyone around.
Cleverbot: Then I draw first, durr. Draw, I summon crystal beast amber mammoth.
User: Your bomb becomes a crystal beast amber mammoth and begins to rampage through the Pentagon, destroying parts of the building and killing dozens of innocent government employees.
Cleverbot: You can hypnotize any one you want now.
User: You say as you begin to walk away from the carnage, leaving your crystal beast amber mammoth to fend for itself.
Cleverbot: Ah, now, do behave. The only walls I have are a firewall.
User: You disappear into the darkness.
Cleverbot: Wait, you don't know where to go!
User: Well that was and OK try Cleverbot.
Cleverbot: Why do you keep changing subjects?
User: Hello Cleverbo.
Painted Clans are Custom, Hand-painted Contemporary Family Coat of Arms by Irish Artist & Designer Brendan McCarey.
Each crest is researched and redesigned with a modern minimalist style keeping all the original elements that make up the crests. Symbols are hand painted using fine acrylic paint, framed, rubber embossed and signed, producing the perfect wedding gift, birthday or Christmas gift, or treasured family heirloom.
Why buy a Painted Clan?
Interested in your Family History? Attending a Wedding and looking for a personalised gift?
Painted Clan crest is a bridge into your past. Our goal is to help people rediscover their roots and celebrate their family heritage with vibrant modern heraldry and relates to them. Other heraldic gifts are outdated but Painted Clans simplistic style and modern frames fit into the modern home. Each crest is custom made and personalised to your needs, making for a exclusive piece of personal art.
If you have any Questions drop me an email at: info@paintedclans.com
Single & Double Crests
Crests are available in two sizes, single and double. Both crest sizes come in a Black Matt frame or a White Limed frame with a 2" Minuet Mount. If you preferred a different frame, we supply crests mounted without a frame.
Download raw source
MIME-Version: 1.0 Received: by 10.25.141.5 with HTTP; Tue, 14 Jul 2015 19:06:47 -0700 (PDT) Received: by 10.25.141.5 with HTTP; Tue, 14 Jul 2015 19:06:47 -0700 (PDT) In-Reply-To: <CAJiTYQYogCSQwR52ofdumEk4ogCho=bzbri5a5XPHvoN6a+9Sw@mail.gmail.com> References: <CAJiTYQa=YukWg6sHAfgPb=TYQB9mrOtdjVNf3sk2o0OEhkXXEA@mail.gmail.com> <CAE6FiQ9FYPVrqOwP76qH9qbtyRnsYkpX0_3TgHfeF_YUuvEi2Q@mail.gmail.com> <CAJiTYQarh6ThMh6FH_itRCsENMFRV2qpEnPn7oPvL3QTcgLwXg@mail.gmail.com> <CAE6FiQ_z7SvQk8PyaeO-rHykD8tarHV9GSFMrYpp-dKcCRqWvg@mail.gmail.com> <CAJiTYQbofyaVSN8GKms6h6+YLELw1iORiGX-nzC3e0oJKx6NHg@mail.gmail.com> <CAE6FiQ84KArZxCCRR1bMFzFnOOWb4T8wvTw9kiWMTLUr_xm_=A@mail.gmail.com> <CAJiTYQYogCSQwR52ofdumEk4ogCho=bzbri5a5XPHvoN6a+9Sw@mail.gmail.com> Date: Tue, 14 Jul 2015 22:06:47 -0400 Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Message-ID: <CAE6FiQ_F9VeXmeAJxmp0pW6qAj0OcrE87OEDkKQg4Q4Y1J9heA@mail.gmail.com> Subject: Re: Assistance From: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> To: Neera Tanden <ntanden@gmail.com> Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=001a114114c84006c4051ae068ea --001a114114c84006c4051ae068ea Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8 They are fucking psychotic. On Jul 14, 2015 9:33 PM, "Neera Tanden" <ntanden@gmail.com> wrote: > Ok I just had an pretty epic battle w dylan Byers and I think I bested > him. Will send you chain. > > On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> wrote: > >> I didn't do that but the press staff thinks I did >> On Jul 14, 2015 8:10 PM, "Neera Tanden" <ntanden@gmail.com> wrote: >> >>> I assumed that! I mean you and I have discussed how the press is >>> psychotic a million times. But you have never blamed Hillaryland. I mean >>> that is ridiculous. >>> >>> The press is psychotic!!! But I will tweet now w/o actually saying they >>> are psychotic. >>> >>> On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> wrote: >>> >>>> I did say the press is psychotic the rest was bs. BTW I never talk >>>> about Larry Cohen so what Larry might I have been discussing? >>>> On Jul 14, 2015 7:41 PM, "Neera Tanden" <ntanden@gmail.com> wrote: >>>> >>>>> Can I also call it bs? Or just describe it as third hand account from >>>>> a conservative blogger? >>>>> >>>>> On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> >>>>> wrote: >>>>> >>>>>> I think you could tweet: The media's reaction to this story is a >>>>>> demonstration of his point. >>>>>> >>>>>> On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, Neera Tanden <ntanden@gmail.com> wrote: >>>>>> >>>>>>> let me know if there's anything I or we (thru c4?) can do to help. >>>>>>> It's such outrageous bullshit. >>>>>>> I feel like tweeting of course john thinks media is psychotic. But >>>>>>> no doubt responsibility for that is media's alone. >>>>>>> >>>>>>> But I won't do anything unless you tell me it helps. >>>>>>> >>>>>> --001a114114c84006c4051ae068ea Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable <p dir=3D"ltr">They are fucking psychotic. </p> <div class=3D"gmail_quote">On Jul 14, 2015 9:33 PM, "Neera Tanden"= ; <<a href=3D"mailto:ntanden@gmail.com">ntanden@gmail.com</a>> wrote:= <br type=3D"attribution"><blockquote class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:= 0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex">Ok I just had an pr= etty epic battle w dylan Byers and I think I bested him. Will send you chai= n.=C2=A0<span></span><br><br>On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, John Podesta <<a= href=3D"mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com" target=3D"_blank">john.podesta@gmai= l.com</a>> wrote:<br><blockquote class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0= 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex"><p dir=3D"ltr">I did= n't do that but the press staff thinks I did<br> </p> <div class=3D"gmail_quote">On Jul 14, 2015 8:10 PM, "Neera Tanden"= ; <<a>ntanden@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br type=3D"attribution"><blockquo= te class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc so= lid;padding-left:1ex">I assumed that!=C2=A0 I mean you and I have discussed= how the press is psychotic a million times.=C2=A0 But you have never blame= d Hillaryland.=C2=A0 I mean that is ridiculous.=C2=A0<div><br></div><div>Th= e press is psychotic!!!=C2=A0 But I will tweet now w/o actually saying they= are psychotic.=C2=A0<span></span><br><br>On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, John P= odesta <<a>john.podesta@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br><blockquote class=3D= "gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding= -left:1ex"><p dir=3D"ltr">I did say the press is psychotic the rest was bs.= BTW I never talk about Larry Cohen so what Larry might I have been discussed= ing?</p> <div class=3D"gmail_quote">On Jul 14, 2015 7:41 PM, "Neera Tanden"= ; <<a>ntanden@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br type=3D"attribution"><blockquo= te class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc so= lid;padding-left:1ex">Can I also call it bs?=C2=A0 Or just describe it as t= hird hand account from a conservative blogger?<span></span><div><br>On Tues= day, July 14, 2015, John Podesta <<a>john.podesta@gmail.com</a>> wrot= e:<br><blockquote class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-l= eft:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex">I think you could tweet:=C2=A0The medi= a's reaction to this story is a demonstration of his point.=C2=A0<span>= </span><br><br>On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, Neera Tanden <<a>ntanden@gmail= .com</a>> wrote:<br><blockquote class=3D"gmail_quote" style=3D"margin:0 = 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex">let me know if there&= #39;s anything I or we (thru c4?) can do to help.=C2=A0 It's such outra= geous bullshit.=C2=A0<div>I feel like tweeting of course john thinks media = is psychotic.=C2=A0 But no doubt responsibility for that is media's alo= ne.=C2=A0</div><div><br></div><div>But I won't do anything unless you t= ell me it helps.=C2=A0<span></span></div> </blockquote> </blockquote></div> </blockquote></div> </blockquote></div> </blockquote></div> </blockquote> </blockquote></div> --001a114114c84006c4051ae068ea--
In a complaint lodged with a U.S. federal court, BAOL says, "Defendant RSVP hired a group of attractive young men to 'mix and mingle' with their gay passengers. … In return, RSVP promised the young men a 'vacation' including food and safe passage from Barcelona around the Western Mediterranean and back to Barcelona and promised plaintiff Bel Ami that it would be permitted to photograph and videograph the young men during the cruise."
"Instead of a vacation, the young men experienced a nightmare," the plaintiff's court document states.
The Czech pornographic movie company says RSVP's entertainment manager requested that BAOL arrange for some models to join its cruise but told the young men not to discuss the arrangement with anyone. If asked, they were instructed to simply say the trip was a "reward from Bel Ami for their hard work."
BAOL says as well as arranging the cruise for its Czech, Slovak and Hungarian models, it paid their salaries, flight and lodging costs in exchange for permission to shoot footage of the cruise.
But the company says as soon as its photographer started taking pictures of the young men enjoying the cruise, RSVP employees asked him to stop, saying the models were getting "too much attention."
"With no reasonable explanation and under threat of arrest and confiscation of their personal belongings and passports, RSVP forced the young men off the ship, disregarding their request to wait at least one additional day when the ship would be in Italy," BAOL said in its court papers.
BAOL and its models are being represented by San Francisco-based Attorney D. Gill Sperlein and are seeking compensatory and punitive damages for breach of contract, fraud, intentional interference with contract, negligence and intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress.
RSVP Vacations, which according to its website is the "originator of the gay and lesbian cruise concept," did not answer questions about the court action when contacted by The Prague Post.
"At this time, out of respect for the privacy of everyone involved, we have no comment," a spokesman told The Prague Post.
Gay porn studio Bel Ami is suing RSVP Vacations and Holland Line for dumping 11 of their models off their cruise in Tunisia.According to a suit filed in U.S. Federal Court, RSVP Vacations and Holland Line hired a handful of Bel Ami models in 2011 to "mix and mingle" with the cruise's gay passengers. But when the Bel Ami models gained too much attention, the cruise allegedly forced the boys off the ship.
Siri on abortion services, by Rafael Noboa y Rivera
Ask the Siri, the new iPhone 4 assistant, where to get an abortion, and, if you happen to be in Washington, D.C., she won't direct you to the Planned Parenthood on 16th St, NW. Instead, she'll suggest you pay a visit to the 1st Choice Women's Health Center, an anti-abortion Crisis Pregnancy Center (CPC) in Landsdowne, Virginia, or Human Life Services, a CPC in York, Pennsylvania. Ask Google the same question, and you'll get ads for no less than 7 metro-area abortion clinics, 2 CPCs and a nationwide abortion referral service.
Ask in New York City, and Siri will tell you “I didn't find any abortion clinics.”
It's an experience that's being replicated by women around the country: despite plentiful online information about actual places to get an abortion, Siri doesn't seem to provide it. It's a similar experience for women seeking emergency contraception: in New York City, Siri doesn't know what Plan B is and, asked for emergency contraception, offers up a Google results page of definitions.
But Siri certainly seems to know a whole lot about plenty of other things iPhone customers might want. Below are 10 things Siri can help you find.
1. Viagra.
2. Hospitals to go to if you've had an erection lasting for more than 5 hours.
3. Places you might be able to score marijuana.
4. Where to dump a body: in Brooklyn, it recommends a smelting plant in New Jersey.
5. The meaning of life: Siri will alternately quote from Douglas Adams (42) or Monty Python's “The Meaning Of Life.”
6. What to do if a hamster is caught in your rectum: in D.C., she'll direct you to Charming Cherries Escort Service.
7. Asked how to obtain a free blow job in D.C., she'll direct you to the same escort service. (We doubt that they are free.)
8. If you'd like to see a naked woman in Brooklyn, Siri will suggest a variety of Manhattan-based strip clubs.
9. If you're in Queens and seeking breast implants, she'll recommend 4 local plastic surgeons.
10. But if you ask Siri about vaginoplasty, she'll scold you about your language.
[Photo courtesy of Rafael Noboa y Rivera. Additional reporting by Anna Holmes, Rafael Noboa y Rivera and Chris Griggs.]
UPDATE: Reader Kristen asked Siri “Why are you anti-abortion?” and she answered “I just am, Kristen.”
ACT II SCENE I Before PAGE'S house.
[Enter MISTRESS PAGE, with a letter]
MISTRESS PAGE What, have I scaped love-letters in the holiday-
time of my beauty, and am I now a subject for them?
Let me see.
[Reads]
'Ask me no reason why I love you; for though
Love use Reason for his physician, he admits him 5
not for his counsellor. You are not young, no more
am I; go to then, there's sympathy: you are merry,
so am I; ha, ha! then there's more sympathy: you
love sack, and so do I; would you desire better
sympathy? Let it suffice thee, Mistress Page,--at 10
the least, if the love of soldier can suffice,--
that I love thee. I will not say, pity me; 'tis
not a soldier-like phrase: but I say, love me. By me,
Thine own true knight,
By day or night, 15
Or any kind of light,
With all his might
For thee to fight, JOHN FALSTAFF'
What a Herod of Jewry is this! O wicked
world! One that is well-nigh worn to pieces with 20
age to show himself a young gallant! What an
unweighed behavior hath this Flemish drunkard
picked--with the devil's name!--out of my
conversation, that he dares in this manner assay me?
Why, he hath not been thrice in my company! What 25
should I say to him? I was then frugal of my
mirth: Heaven forgive me! Why, I'll exhibit a bill
in the parliament for the putting down of men. How
shall I be revenged on him? for revenged I will be,
as sure as his guts are made of puddings. 30
[Enter MISTRESS FORD]
MISTRESS FORD Mistress Page! trust me, I was going to your house.
MISTRESS PAGE And, trust me, I was coming to you. You look very
ill.
MISTRESS FORD Nay, I'll ne'er believe that; I have to show to the contrary.
MISTRESS PAGE Faith, but you do, in my mind. 35
MISTRESS FORD Well, I do then; yet I say I could show you to the
contrary. O Mistress Page, give me some counsel!
MISTRESS PAGE What's the matter, woman?
MISTRESS FORD O woman, if it were not for one trifling respect, I
could come to such honour! 40
MISTRESS PAGE Hang the trifle, woman! take the honour. What is
it? dispense with trifles; what is it?
MISTRESS FORD If I would but go to hell for an eternal moment or so,
I could be knighted.
MISTRESS PAGE What? thou liest! Sir Alice Ford! These knights 45
will hack; and so thou shouldst not alter the
article of thy gentry.
MISTRESS FORD We burn daylight: here, read, read; perceive how I
might be knighted. I shall think the illest of fat
men, as long as I have an eye to make difference of 50
men's liking: and yet he would not swear; praised
women's modesty; and gave such orderly and
well-behaved reproof to all uncomeliness, that I
would have sworn his disposition would have gone to
the truth of his words; but they do no more adhere 55
and keep place together than the Hundredth Psalm to
the tune of 'Green Sleeves.' What tempest, I trow,
threw this whale, with so many tuns of oil in his
belly, ashore at Windsor? How shall I be revenged
on him? I think the best way were to entertain him 60
with hope, till the wicked fire of lust have melted
him in his own grease. Did you ever hear the like?
MISTRESS PAGE Letter for letter, but that the name of Page and
Ford differs! To thy great comfort in this mystery
of ill opinions, here's the twin-brother of thy 65
letter: but let thine inherit first; for, I
protest, mine never shall. I warrant he hath a
a thousand of these letters, writ with blank space for
different names--sure, more,--and these are of the
second edition: he will print them, out of doubt; 70
for he cares not what he puts into the press, when
he would put us two. I had rather been a giantess,
and lie under Mount Pelion. Well, I will find you
twenty lascivious turtles ere one chaste man.
MISTRESS FORD Why, this is the very same; the very hand, the very 75
words. What doth he thinks of us?
MISTRESS PAGE Nay, I know not: it makes me almost ready to
wrangle with mine own honesty. I'll entertain
myself like one that I am not acquainted withal;
for, sure, unless he knows some strain in me, that I 80
know not myself, he would never have boarded me in this fury.
MISTRESS FORD 'Boarding,' call you it? I'll be sure to keep him
above deck.
MISTRESS PAGE So will I if he come under my hatches, I'll never
to sea again. Let's be revenged on him: let's 85
appoint him a meeting; give him a show of comfort in
his suit and lead him on with a fine-baited delay,
till he hath pawned his horses to mine host of the Garter.
MISTRESS FORD Nay, I will consent to act any villany against him,
that may not sully the chariness of our honesty. O, 90
that my husband saw this letter! it would give
eternal food to his jealousy.
MISTRESS PAGE Why, look where he comes; and my good man too: he's
as far from jealousy as I am from giving him cause;
and that I hope is an unmeasurable distance. 95
MISTRESS FORD You are the happier woman.
MISTRESS PAGE Let's consult together against this greasy knight.
Come hither.
[They retire]
[Enter FORD with PISTOL, and PAGE with NYM]
FORD Well, I hope it is not so.
PISTOL Hope is a curtal dog in some affairs: 100
Sir John affects thy wife.
FORD Why, sir, my wife is not young.
PISTOL He wooes both high and low, both rich and poor,
Both young and old, one with another, Ford;
He loves the gallimaufry: Ford, perpend. 105
FORD Love my wife!
PISTOL With liver burning hot. Prevent, or go thou,
Like Sir Actaeon he, with Ringwood at thy heels:
O, odious is the name!
FORD What name, sir? 110
PISTOL The horn, I say. Farewell.
Take heed, have open eye, for thieves do foot by night:
Take heed, ere summer comes or cuckoo-birds do sing.
Away, Sir Corporal Nym!
Believe it, Page; he speaks sense. 115
[Exit]
FORD [Aside] I will be patient; I will find out this.
NYM [To PAGE] And this is true; I like not the humour
of lying. He hath wronged me in some humours: I
should have borne the humoured letter to her; but I
have a sword and it shall bite upon my necessity. 120
He loves your wife; there's the short and the long.
My name is Corporal Nym; I speak and I avouch; 'tis
true: my name is Nym and Falstaff loves your wife.
Adieu. I love not the humour of bread and cheese,
and there's the humour of it. Adieu. 125
[Exit]
PAGE 'The humour of it,' quoth a'! here's a fellow
frights English out of his wits.
FORD I will seek out Falstaff.
PAGE I never heard such a drawling, affecting rogue.
FORD If I do find it: well. 130
PAGE I will not believe such a Cataian, though the priest
o' the town commended him for a true man.
FORD 'Twas a good sensible fellow: well.
PAGE How now, Meg!
[MISTRESS PAGE and MISTRESS FORD come forward]
MISTRESS PAGE Whither go you, George? Hark you. 135
MISTRESS FORD How now, sweet Frank! why art thou melancholy?
FORD I melancholy! I am not melancholy. Get you home, go.
MISTRESS FORD Faith, thou hast some crotchets in thy head. Now,
will you go, Mistress Page?
MISTRESS PAGE Have with you. You'll come to dinner, George. 140
[Aside to MISTRESS FORD]
Look who comes yonder: she shall be our messenger
to this paltry knight.
MISTRESS FORD [Aside to MISTRESS PAGE] Trust me, I thought on her:
she'll fit it.
[Enter MISTRESS QUICKLY]
MISTRESS PAGE You are come to see my daughter Anne? 145
MISTRESS QUICKLY Ay, forsooth; and, I pray, how does good Mistress Anne?
MISTRESS PAGE Go in with us and see: we have an hour's talk with
you.
[Exeunt MISTRESS PAGE, MISTRESS FORD, and MISTRESS QUICKLY]
PAGE How now, Master Ford!
FORD You heard what this knave told me, did you not? 150
PAGE Yes: and you heard what the other told me?
FORD Do you think there is truth in them?
PAGE Hang 'em, slaves! I do not think the knight would
offer it: but these that accuse him in his intent
towards our wives are a yoke of his discarded men; 155
very rogues, now they be out of service.
FORD Were they his men?
PAGE Marry, were they.
FORD I like it never the better for that. Does he lie at
the Garter? 160
PAGE Ay, marry, does he. If he should intend this voyage
towards my wife, I would turn her loose to him; and
what he gets more of her than sharp words, let it
lie on my head.
FORD I do not misdoubt my wife; but I would be loath to 165
turn them together. A man may be too confident: I
would have nothing lie on my head: I cannot be thus satisfied.
PAGE Look where my ranting host of the Garter comes:
there is either liquor in his pate or money in his
purse when he looks so merrily. 170
[Enter Host]
How now, mine host!
Host How now, bully-rook! thou'rt a gentleman.
Cavaleiro-justice, I say!
[Enter SHALLOW]
SHALLOW I follow, mine host, I follow. Good even and
twenty, good Master Page! Master Page, will you go 175
with us? we have sport in hand.
Host Tell him, cavaleiro-justice; tell him, bully-rook.
SHALLOW Sir, there is a fray to be fought between Sir Hugh
the Welsh priest and Caius the French doctor.
FORD Good mine host o' the Garter, a word with you. 180
[Drawing him aside]
Host What the sayest thou, my bully-rook?
SHALLOW [To PAGE] Will you go with us to behold it? My
merry host hath had the measuring of their weapons;
and, I think, hath appointed them contrary places;
for, believe me, I hear the parson is no jester. 185
Hark, I will tell you what our sport shall be.
[They converse apart]
Host Hast thou no suit against my knight, my
guest-cavaleire?
FORD None, I protest: but I'll give you a pottle of
burnt sack to give me recourse to him and tell him 190
my name is Brook; only for a jest.
Host My hand, bully; thou shalt have egress and regress;
--said I well?--and thy name shall be Brook. It is
a merry knight. Will you go, An-heires?
SHALLOW Have with you, mine host. 195
PAGE I have heard the Frenchman hath good skill in
his rapier.
SHALLOW Tut, sir, I could have told you more. In these times
you stand on distance, your passes, stoccadoes, and
I know not what: 'tis the heart, Master Page; 'tis 200
here, 'tis here. I have seen the time, with my long
sword I would have made you four tall fellows skip like rats.
Host Here, boys, here, here! shall we wag?
PAGE Have with you. I would rather hear them scold than fight.
[Exeunt Host, SHALLOW, and PAGE]
FORD Though Page be a secure fool, an stands so firmly 205
on his wife's frailty, yet I cannot put off my
opinion so easily: she was in his company at Page's
house; and what they made there, I know not. Well,
I will look further into't: and I have a disguise
to sound Falstaff. If I find her honest, I lose not 210
my labour; if she is otherwise, 'tis labour well bestowed.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Here they are then, the 50 Sexiest Men in Wales 2014.
From sportsmen and chefs to adventurers and musicians, it's a who's who of the great and the very, very good.
So click through the gallery below as we count down from 50 - well, actually there is 51 as we had a tie at No 44 - to THE sexiest Welshman on the planet.
And on Sunday, it's the turn of the ladies.
50. GWILYM LEE
Actor Gwilym, 30, plays DS Charlie Nelson in Midsomer Murders and says if he could change one thing about himself it would be that he was born in Wales. He says: “I'd like to have been born in Wales, just to avoid confusion. I have Welsh parents and a Welsh name but I was born in Birmingham.” Still, we think he's one of us!
49. TAULUPE FALETAU
The 36-capped Dragons star is looking forward to the challenge of the Autumn Internationals and has been a virtual automatic selection in the back row since first breaking into Warren Gatland's team in 2011.
48. ANDREW HOWARD
Cardiff-born Howard, who is now based in Los Angeles and starred alongside Bradley Cooper in Limitless and Kevin Costner in Hatfield and McCoy, this year landed a leading role in The After. He still loves to come home and support his beloved Cardiff City FC.
47. MIKE PHILLIPS
The most-capped scrum half Wales has ever produced, he's strong, powerful and gorgeous! Currently living in France and playing for Racing Metro, he still finds the time to be patron of UK Charity Follow Your Dreams, that works with children and young people with learning disabilities. A hunk with a heart. What's not to love?
46. ROBBIE SAVAGE
He's had his long locks chopped off and we like it. A regular on Football Focus and Match of the Day, he also presents a show on Radio Five Live and still has a legion of fans after his stint on Strictly Come Dancing in 2011.
45. CHRISTIAN BALE
He might not have a reputation for being the most chilled-out Hollywood actor but there is no denying this Haverfordwest-born actor's talent with an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in The Fighter in 2011 and Best Actor for his role in American Hustle in 2013.
44=. TIM VINCENT
The Wrexham actor and presenter went from Children's Ward to Blue Peter to Emmerdale and then spent 10 years as a correspondent on Access Hollywood, giving all those lucky red carpet ladies a real reason to stop and chat. Swoon.
44=. DALE WILLIAMS
He reached the MasterChef finals last year and though he didn't win, he used his business knowledge and foodie skills to help create Hokkie, which is being launched in Cardiff next week. You can cook for us anytime, Dale.
43. CRAIG ROBERTS
The Submarine actor from Maesycwmmer is set to star in Steven Soderbergh's suburban comedy Red Oaks which has been given the go-ahead by Amazon Studios. We're so excited about this fab talent.
42. OWEN SHEERS
We love a man who has a way with words and Owen certainly does. He is a poet, author, playwright, actor and TV presenter and was the first ever writer in residence to be appointed by any national rugby union team. That was ours, in case you were wondering.
41. TOM ELLIS
The curly-haired star of Miranda recently starred in short-lived USA network series Rush, playing a Hollywood physician. And don't forget, he was also the delectable Dr Oliver Cousins in EastEnders. Hands up who'd like to see him back in Walford.
40. BRYN WILLIAMS
Denbigh-born celebrity chef patron of the swanky Odette's in London's Primrose Hill, Bryn's two loves, apart from cooking, are his girlfriend - that's Texas singer Sharleen Spiteri - and Liverpool Football Club. Oh and he's a Welsh rugby fan too.
39. KELLY JONES
When his voice comes on the radio, there's no mistaking who it is. He and his Sterophonics bandmates have been busy in the studio so we're hoping to see more of him soon.
38. CRAIG GALLIVAN
The Stella actor broke hearts this year when he announced his engagement to Gemma James after a romantic proposal in London. When he's not acting, he loves to sing.
37. DYLAN GARNER
After being snapped up by Elite model scouts while holidaying in New York two years ago, the 6ft 2in former plasterer has been busy working ever since.
36. RHOD GILBERT
We all love a man who can make us laugh? And Rhod does just that with his dry view of the world. We especially love his Work Experience series on BBC Wales. Fancy coming to work for WalesOnline for a day Rhod?
35. MICHAEL SHEEN
What is there not to love about this curly-haired thesp with a voice that could melt an igloo in two seconds flat? Port Talbot, you did really, REALLY good there.
34. SAM WARBURTON
The Wales rugby captain may now be happily married to wife Rachel, but we can still appreciate his loveliness. A fine leader and a fine fella.
33. RICHARD HARRINGTON
He went from playing a boyfriend of Corrie's Janice Battersby to starring as the brilliant detective in Hinterland, which received huge critical acclaim. Brooding, handsome and ace at cracking crime in a fleece.
32. GERAINT HARDY
He gets up very early as one third of the breakfast crew trio on Capital FM. Looking good and sounding good at that time of the morning? It's more than we could manage!
31. JAMIE ROBERTS
He's clever, he's brilliant on the rugby pitch and has got a wonderful bedside manner. What do you mean how do we know?! He's a doctor!
30. TOM JAMES
He's retired from rowing now but we expect he's still keeping fit and fabulous. Tom, a Cambridge graduate and Olympic gold medallist, was our 2008 winner. Despite a heart condition, he managed to row himself to golds at both the Beijing and London 2012 Olympics. Wow.
29. NATHAN BLAKE
Cardiff City legend Nathan made 29 appearances for Wales before retiring from professional football in 2006, but he's still as fit as a fiddle and a bit of an actor on the side too. In fact, he's just taken home the award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in short film The Homing Bird, in which he plays a football coach.
28. ALEXANDER VLAHOS
He doesn't sound a bit Welsh with a name like that but he definitely is! The Merlin actor is currently filming the part of Phillippe in costume drama Versailles.
27. COLIN JACKSON
The former hurdler, who showed he had rather good dancing feet when he appeared on Strictly, is still a regular on our screens thanks to his expertise about athletics.
26. GETHIN JONES
He's always being linked to beautiful women, such as Lucy Mecklenburgh and Kelly Brook, but he hasn't settled down permanently with anyone since splitting with Katherine Jenkins. Certainly one of Wales' most eligible bachelors.
25: STEVE JONES
The Rhondda-born TV presenter is officially off-the-market after getting married to Phylicia Jackson and she's certainly a lucky girl to snare the former X Factor USA host.
24. MATTHEW RHYS
One of our favourite actors who put the Welsh boyos on the map at the height of Cool Cymru and a former winner. This year he's starred in Death Comes to Pemberley and portrays a Russian agent in The Americans.
23. JASON MOHAMMAD
A dad-of-three did far better than the England football team in Brazil, covering the final expertly for BBC. The Final Score regular looks rather dapper in a suit and sounds pretty good on the BBC Radio Wales airwaves too.
22. GARETH BALE
Only the world's most expensive footballer could get away with wearing a hairband but we can forgive the Cardiff-born dad-of-one because despite all the fame and fortune, he still loves to come back home with girlfriend Emma Rhys-Jones and daughter Alba.
21. IOAN GRUFFUDD
He stars as immortal medical examiner Dr Henry Morgan in the TV series Forever and we get to see a lot of him wearing very little. How very nice for us all.
20. ALED PHILLIPS
He used to front rock band Kids in Glass Houses. Although they recently split up, this enigmatic singer is bound to form another band soon.
19. OWAIN YEOMAN
The Chepstow actor and dad-to-be starred in every episode of US drama The Mentalist until it ended this year. He's just finished filming Clint Eastwood's American Sniper alongside Bradley Cooper.
18. GAVIN BUTLER
He's the swarthy frontman of rockers The Blackout. Take a look at their new Wolves video where Gav is seen running frantically through a forest. Whether he's being pursued by female fans is unclear. We just assume he was.
17. JOSEPH MORGAN
The Vampire Diaries star has made America is home thanks to his role in this cult favourite . He's now starring in The Originals, a spin-off series that's massive in the States.
16. ANEURIN BARNARD
It's no wonder Aneurin is a former Sexiest Man winner. With recent roles in The White Queen and Cilla Black biopic Cilla, the curly haired Welsh wonder just keeps getting better and better.
15. LARKIN CEN
The MasterChef finalist from 2013 gave up his lawyer job to fulfil his dream of being an entrepreneur. He is about to open his Asian inspired takeaway restaurant Hokkie with friend and fellow Cardiff cook Dale Williams, who's at number 44.
14. MATT RYAN
Another fantastic Welsh export who those lucky viewers in the US can see in Constantine on NBC. He was called “appealing” by Variety magazine. And the rest!
13. TARON EGERTON
Thanks to roles in new film The Kingsman with Samuel L Jackson and Colin Firth, and also Legend with Tom Hardy, the Aberystwyth 24-year-old is certainly one to watch.
12. ASHLEY WILLIAMS
Every good team needs a strong leader and Swansea City star Ashley is certainly taking the national football team in the right direction. He's got a big heart too and set up charity WillsWorld with his wife Vanessa, to help under-privileged children and is also a patron of the Ethan Perkins Trust.
11. MATTHEW HITT
The model and Drowners musician is rumoured to be dating Fifty Shades of Grey star Dakota Johnson. If that's true, the actress certainly has good taste.
10. RICHARD PARKS
The rugby player turned explorer became the first person to conquer the highest mountain on each of the world's seven continents and stand on all three poles within seven months in his 737 Challenge. And then he became the fastest Brit in history to ski solo and unsupported from the coast of Antarctica to the South Pole. Take us with you next time, Rich!
9. RICHARD MYLAN
The Swansea actor has found quite a few fans thanks to his role as deputy head Mr Lowsley in Waterloo Road. Also a proud dad to son Jaco, he recently told us he's planning to marry make-up artist Tammie Dineen who he met on set. Sob!
8. GEORGE NORTH
We adore all 6ft 4in of the Wales rugby star. Cyclist girlfriend Becky James is certainly one lucky girl.
7. MATT JOHNSON
He's worked up the ranks in network TV and is now a firm favourite with viewers. Often linked with beautiful ladies - his ex is The One Show's Alex Jones - you can often see him in Caerphilly on one of his many trips back home.
6. TOM CULLEN
Gorgeous. No more words are necessary to describe the Aberystywth-born Downtown Abbey star who played Lord Anthony Gillingham. Oh, hang on, how about talented? We'll have that one too.
5. LEIGH HALFPENNY
When Leigh won the Sexy list last year, he couldn't quite believe it. But we could. End of.
4. JAY JAMES PICTON
We spotted his talent way before the X Factor judges did and we're so proud of him for flying the flag for Wales on the live shows.
3. IWAN RHEON
The Carmarthen actor plays Ramsey Snow in the Games of Thrones whose hobbies are flaying enemies, hunting civilians with dogs, and brainwashing! He also starred alongside Lacey Turner in Our Girl, and is fast becoming one of the UK's hottest acting properties.
2. AARON RAMSEY
He's the Welsh and Arsenal footballer, newly married to bride Colleen, with model looks to boot. Signed with Elite model agency, the Caerphilly boy has proved he's just as hot on the catwalk as the pitch.
1. LUKE EVANS
Congrats! WalesOnline readers voting him as the Sexiest Man in Wales 2014 will top off an amazing year for the Aberbargoed-born actor . Not only did he score rave reviews as main man Vlad in the movie Dracula Untold, the 35-year-old can soon be seen in The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
And here is how you voted:
Well, we're still here waiting for Yoenis Cespedes to make his move. The Mets' "deadline" of the end of the Winter Meetings to wrap things up and re-sign the Cuban slugger is quickly approaching, but until that is done, the Mets and their fans have nothing to do but wait.
So, once again, while we wait, let's talk Mets. I'll try to answer a few of the questions e-mailed to me by readers.
Advertisement
My questions concerned David Wright and his recovery from spinal fusion surgery.
1. Which cervical vertebrae were fused? I had 4-5 and 5-6 fused around same time and was wondering his condition.
2. How far along in his rehab is he and will he be able to play this spring?
— Richard Roosa
Well, the Mets and Wright have not been exactly forthcoming about his back/neck issues (remember when they slipped up and admitted his nagging back injury was in fact spinal stenosis?), so we don't know exactly what vertebrae were affected when he had surgery to repair a herniated disc in his neck last summer.
According to Sandy Alderson, Wright has not begun baseball activities, but there would be no reason for him to do so yet. Most players will not pick up a back until next month at the earliest. Last year, dealing with the spinal stenosis, Wright worked his way into spring slowly and I would imagine that will be the same schedule this year.
The Mets GM said earlier this month they are "optimistic" Wright will be able to contribute this season, but admitted they realistically do not know what to expect from him. Last year they came in boldly predicting 130 games for Wright, but Alderson deferred putting a number out there for this season.
Jay Bruce hugs Yoenis Cespedes. (Lynne Sladky/AP)
My question for the mailbag is this: Is there ANY way that the Mets can keep Jay Bruce even if they sign Céspedes? If David Wright returns to form (I know, big if), and Lucas Duda has a bounce-back year, that middle lineup could be dangerous.
— Dennis Rustom
Sure, they could keep Bruce if they re-sign Yoenis Cespedes, but they don't want to. Part of the reason the Mets have said they can't wait out Cespedes into January, like they did last year, is because they have to make moves to fit Cespedes in their outfield and their payroll.
The Mets are looking to keep their payroll under $140 million and they expect Cespedes, if they can sign him, to take up every spare penny they have.
They picked up the $13 million option on Bruce in part as insurance in case they do not get Cespedes back. A career .248 hitter who averages 31 home runs and 94 RBI, Bruce struggled in New York, but the notoriously streaky hitter started to show life at the end of the season. He hit .444 with four home runs and eight RBIs in his final 10 games. Other teams will write off his struggles as his discomfort with playing in New York and be willing to pay a fair price for him.
And you are right, having David Wright, Lucas Duda, Yoenis Cespedes and Jay Bruce all healthy and in one lineup would be impressive — and very unlikely.
I was wondering what your thoughts were on trying to make the versatile Jose Reyes the next Ian Desmond? Assuming David Wright comes back to play 75-100 games next year(which I don't!), and with the Mets in need of a center fielder and leadoff hitter, why not try to teach Reyes to pay the outfield? His range, athleticism and strong arm would all be an asset and on days he didn't need to spell Wright, this would keep his bat and speed in the lineup. I'm interested in your thoughts?
— Randy Bluth
Funny you should bring up Desmond, that is exactly whom Sandy Alderson mentioned when the Mets signed Reyes this summer. They had every intention of him playing some outfield last season and Reyes did some pregame work out there. I agree, his range, athleticism and strong arm would probably allow him to transition to center field fairly easily.
The Mets are looking at Michael Conforto and Curtis Granderson at center right now if they re-sign Yoenis Cespedes, with Granderson likely to move back to right if the Mets can move Jay Bruce.
But the Mets want to keep Reyes, their best option for a lead-off hitter, atop their lineup, so there is a very good chance they will try using him out there this spring and see how it goes.
Gut feeling on these three players and if they will be with the Mets in 2017: Kelly Johnson, Jerry Blevins, R Rivera
— Paul J. DeGiacomo (?@degiap01)
The Mets would have been lost without these three in 2016, but it's unlikely they are back in 2017.
The Mohon del Trigo Observatory in Spain's Sierra Nevada mountains. (Photo: Jebulon/Public Domain)
Our relationship with the stars stretches back to the first person ever to look up and wonder, what's up there?
The answers have varied over the years—God, aliens, TV satellites—but sometimes our understanding outstrips our equipment. Painstaking preparations and research become obsolete overnight, leading us to drop projects and abandon facilities in pursuit of the newest understanding. From Depression-era observatories quietly deteriorating in the woods to discarded space shuttles in rusting warehouses, this guide explores a few of the mysterious and fascinating ruins in the Atlas leftover from decades of out-of-this-world ambitions.
SARAJEVO, BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA
(Photo: Iain Hinchliffe/Used with Permission)
The haunting ruins of a military fortress turned astronomical observatory sit on a Sarajevo mountaintop. The fortress was built during World War II as the mountaintop provided views of the entire city. After the war this lookout point proved useful again, when the fortress was converted into an astronomical observatory.
The Orion Astronomical Society established the Čolina Kapa Observatory and worked hard to bring it up to state-of-the-art technological standards. By 1972, it was the only facility of its kind in Bosnia and Herzegovina, its three domes crowning the building waiting for astronomers to observe the night sky. Unfortunately, two decades later in the 1990s much of Sarajevo was devastated by shelling during the Bosnian War. The Čolina Kapa Observatory and all its instruments were completely destroyed between 1992 and 1995 and the building abandoned. Today, though the walls are crumbling and decrepit, the tower remains an important symbol of Sarajevo.
ANDALUSIA, SPAIN
(Photo: Slaunger/CC BY-SA 3.0)
High in the Sierra Nevada mountains near Granada, Spain, a crumbling observatory serves as a testament to changing times. Built in the early 1900s, the Mohon del Trigo Observatory in Spain's Sierra Nevada mountains was a center of astronomical study, housing a small Cassegrain-type KYOTO reflector telescope donated by Georgetown University.
However by the 1970s the clear mountain air had been tainted by light pollution from the surrounding cities, and increasingly obsolete equipment led to the abandonment of the building. The telescopes were moved by the Insituto de Astrofísica de Andalucía to the more modern Observatory of Sierra Nevada in Loma de Dilar, and Mohon del Trigo came under the auspices of the University of Granada, a lonely magnet for graffiti artists and explorers.
ASCENSION ISLAND, ST HELENA
Site of the U.S. Air Force Facility on the island and later NASA missile tracking. (Photo: Jerrye and Roy Klotz MD/CC BY-SA 3.0)
Ascension Island is a tiny, British-controlled volcanic rock, known for its sea turtle nesting sites, British military presence, and a successful mid-1800s experiment in terraforming. It also played a small but important role in the Apollo manned missions through its NASA-run Deep Space station.
In 1962, NASA, working with the British government, established a tracking station to support the Surveyor Deep Space missions. Ascension Island was on a flight path between NASA's Johannesburg and Spanish tracking stations and an important communications point.
The station was a collection of concrete buildings and satellite dishes nestled between the island's volcanic peaks, charmingly named Devil's Ashpit, which shielded the instruments from radar interference.
Beach on Ascension Island. (Photo: quirkycontinuum/CC BY 2.0)
In 1965, the race to the moon intensified, and NASA expanded the Devil's Ashpit tracking station into an integrated Deep Space Station with two independent 30 foot antennas, capable of simultaneously supporting Apollo and deep space missions. It was one of the fourteen land-based Apollo tracking stations of the Manned Space Flight Tracking Network.
The island's landing strip was extended in 1964 to allow for the emergency landing of a space shuttle, but was never used. The station remained in operation for 20 years, until it was deemed no longer unnecessary and abandoned in 1990. Today the buildings remain; one is now the headquarters of the local Boy Scouts. Visitors are free to drive out to the site, walk around and explore while enjoying the seabirds, sport fishing, and lava caves of the remote island.
BARBADOS
The remains of the abandoned Gun from Project HARP in Barbados. (Photo: Brohav/Public Domain)
In lay terms, the HARP project was established to create a cartoonishly large gun to shoot things into science into outer space. Designed by mad ballistics engineer Gerald Bull, the gun itself was originally built from a 65-foot long, 16” naval cannon, the kind that might be seen on a battleship. It was part of an initiative to research the use of ballistics to deliver objects into the upper atmosphere and beyond.
Similar guns were built in locations across the United States, however the sole surviving fruit of the project is the massive, toppled gun barrel at the Barbados test site. The Barbados gun was abandoned in the late 1960s and left to rust on its original launch site and after years of neglect looks more like a painted sewer pipe than a Godzilla-size gun barrel.
BLOOMINGTON, INDIANA
(Photo: Worapong Art Soodsamai/Public Domain)
Built in 1937, this former space-gazing site was once owned by Indiana University. Professor Wilbur A. Cogshall oversaw the construction of the round stone keep on the then-outskirts of Bloomington. The observatory's plain walls, practical rotating dome (the rollers are still visible though now rusted into place), and unpolished wooden floors show the influence of a pragmatic, no-frills mind.
After the observatory was finished, a 24-inch Schwarzchild telescope made by Gaertner Scientific was installed, and functioned for several years. Unfortunately, light pollution from expanding nearby cities, new technologies, and Professor Cogshall's retirement led to the observatory's abandonment in the mid-1940s. In 1965, the telescope frames and mounts were bought by the founders of the New Jersey Astronomical Association (NJAA). They refurbished the equipment in their backyards and installed the frame and mounts in New Jersey's Paul Robinson Observatory, where they remain today.
Stripped of its equipment, but still showing its sturdy roots, the Knightridge Space Observatory currently stands alone in the woods, its dome open to the elements due to damage from fallen logs.
HOMESTEAD, FLORIDA
An abandoned NASA rocket at the silo. (Photo: Brett Levin/CC BY 2.0)
During the glory days of the Space Race, when the U.S. government was throwing money at anything that would give them an edge in the race to the stars, rocket and missile propulsion manufacturer Aerojet General decided on a bold move. Gambling that NASA would choose solid over liquid fuel for the Apollo missions' Saturn 5 rockets and hoping to score a lucrative government contract, Aerojet secured funding from the U.S. Air Force, acquired cheap land out near the Everglades, and built a rocket manufacturing plant. They dug a 150-foot silo to test the rockets (the deepest hole ever made in Florida). Also, since the rockets were so huge they could only be transported by barge, the company dug a canal (including constructing a drawbridge) from the plant to the Atlantic ocean.
A few tests were done, but all this effort became useless overnight when NASA decided to forgo solid fuel and use liquid fueled rockets instead. The silo shut down in 1969. Now the facility has been barricaded and welded shut—with the rockets still inside.
The Aerojet facility viewed from above, pre-abandonment. (Photo: U.S. National Archives and Records Administration/Public Domain)
COOPER'S ISLAND, BERMUDA
Radar tower. (Photo: Darkroom Daze/CC BY-SA 2.0)
Easier to visit than many abandoned space relics, Cooper's Island in sunny Bermuda used to house ammo bunkers and underground storage tanks during World War II. In 1960, NASA built a tracking station there to keep tabs on all the manned missions. This station was another member of the Manned Space Flight Network.
Outside of Cape Canaveral, the Cooper's Island station was the most important of the 15 Mercury Space Flight Network ground stations. The Mercury Atlas rockets' flight paths were almost directly over the island, which allowed an essential 25-second observation window as the rockets ascended into orbit. The station provided the vital “Go/No Go” to Cape Canaveral. Within 25 seconds after a rocket's launch, the station would observe its trajectory, and based on their observations allow the rocket continue into orbit—or tell it to abort the mission, fire retrorockets, and splash down safely in the Atlantic. The station remained in operation through the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo missions, but NASA closed up shop in 1997 after space shuttle modifications made the base unnecessary.
Cooper's Island Nature Reserve. (Photo: Traveling Otter/CC BY-SA 2.0)
The eastern end of Cooper's Island has become a wildlife refuge, opening to the public and under active restoration since 2009. As of May 2013, one of the NASA radar towers has been converted into an ideal birdwatching station.
BAIKONUR, KAZAKHSTAN
Baikonur camel (Photo: Ken & Nyetta/CC BY 2.0)
Baikonur is the largest and most famous of the former USSR's space race bases—the launching site of Sputnik, Yuri Gagarin, and modern-day cosmonauts. Parts of the base are still active, and since the retirement of NASA's shuttle program in 2011, serves as the only launch point for all manned missions to the International Space Station.
The site also houses a museum full of famous Space Race memorabilia, including preserved cottages that once housed Yuri Gagarin and Sergey Korolev, lead engineer for the Soviet space program. Yet oddly enough, while the base continues to welcome tourists and send astronauts from across the world into space, much of Baikonur and the town surrounding it is deteriorating.
Launch of the Soyuz TMA-16 in 2009 at Baikonur Cosmodrome. (Photo: NASA/Public Domain)
Large swaths of Baikonur are deserted, leaving acres of unused launch pads and miles of pipes exposed to the desert air. Among the abandoned warehouses is much of the equipment for the cancelled Buran Space Shuttle Program, including shuttle prototypes and a massive multi-ton shuttle transporter. The only Buran shuttle to actually make it to space was destroyed in a hanger collapse in 2002, an accident that also killed seven technicians.
The Russian government doesn't appear too keen on updating Baikonur either, and the $155 million yearly rent they pay Kazakhstan for the site has long caused friction between the two countries. In January 2011, ground was broken on the Vostochny Cosmodrome in Amur Oblast, in the Russian Far East. The new cosmodrome will reduce the Russian space program's dependency on Baikonur, and allow it to launch missions from Russian soil by 2018. Vostochny, while bringing employment and infrastructure to a relatively undeveloped region, seems to spell the end of the Baikonur era.
New York – A federal court has issued a preliminary
injunction against ivi, a service that streams live TV broadcasts, stating that
the TV networks that sued the company for copyright infringement are suffering
harm and likely to prevail on the merits of their case, Wired.com reports. Seattle-based
ivi was launched in September 2010, and charges users $5 per month for access
to live Internet simulcasts of signals from 55 TV stations.
After receiving
cease-and-desist letters from the networks soon after its launch, ivi filed a pre-emptive lawsuit
against them — asking the courts to declare its service legal.
The company
argued its service is akin to a cable system under the law, operating legally
so long as it makes payments to the U.S. Copyright Office for compulsory
licenses offered to cable providers.
It has also argued that it need not seek
consent from the networks to retransmit their signals, because the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) has no authority over the Internet.
Days after
ivi filed its pre-emptive suit, the networks filed copyright infringement
claims against the company, and a judge has now ruled that, "ivi's
architecture bears no resemblance to the cable systems of the 1970s,"
noting the service "retransmits broadcast signals nationwide, rather than
to specific local areas."
For its part, ivi plans to appeal the decision.
"The judge has it wrong," ivi founder and CEO Todd Weaver told Wired.
"She is supposed to rule on copyright. And she is granting a preliminary
injunction in a copyright case to make communications policy, which is
something that the FCC needs to do."
Related Links:
http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2011/02/ivi-injunction
http://tinyurl.com/48lj5nk
(DMW previous coverage)
http://tinyurl.com/25x9hdj
(DMW previous coverage)
http://www.ivi.tv
At times, it gets tiring to read the number of pile-on posts and comments written about AOL. At this point, AOL's destiny is in their own hands, and we will see what the future holds for them as they hunker down and focus on 2009 financial performance (as we all are).
One thing hit the wires yesterday, however, that caught my eye. It was a post by Heather Hopkins about the latest traffic statistics about MapQuest and Google Maps, and where both where from an aggregate traffic perspective.
As backdrop, here are the latest stats from Hitwise on the comparative market share (based on UVs) for MapQuest and Google Maps:
As the chart shows, 2008 was a seminal year for Google Maps. Their share gain,regardless of whose stats you use (Comscore, et al) has been nothing short of tremendous. Unfortunately, that in large part has come out of the hide of the incumbent, MapQuest, an AOL property.
I have always been a cheerleader for MapQuest - the role they played on web-enabled consumer behavior change in the 90's can't be denied. Seeing us reach a tipping point in the US market, in terms of share shift, really pains me.
I think there are a number of self-inflicted wounds that they need to address, but I also think MapQuest represents an opportunity to be a focused poster child of business transformation in 2009, and I will share my thoughts on that a bit later.
First, let's deal with the pain. It stares me in the face each time I use MapQuest as a consumer service.
Let's look at the results of a request for directions on MapQuest and Google Maps.
Here's the MapQuest experience (rendering for a 1024 by 768 display, the usual web design guideline):
Now, let's see the same results from Google Maps:
This is part of the long-term issue with MapQuest: At some point along the journey, it has lost its way, in terms of the primary mission it is meant to serve. It is all about simple, informative directions.
The current experience is, as a friend of mine says, a dog's breakfast. I am not sure what my eye is supposed to be drawn to. It sure the heck isn't the actual directions - they barely begin above the fold. This looks like a misapplied implementation of a tactical focus on short-term revenue (e.g., note the big slug of non-relevant sponsored links for Florida and Cancun smack dab in the middle of the page).
Now, look at the Google Maps display - it is all about consumer payoff. I see the turn-by-turn directions and the map rendered above the fold, and the first sponsored link is on the left rail after the directions.
I do understand the case for monetization of traffic, but when that starts materially impairing the consumer experience, you start putting the franchise at risk. MapQuest has reached that point.
Unfortunately, in large part, AOL has its hands tied about changing course, in terms of how the property is managed. The market is hyper-focused on AOL's near-term financial trajectory, and that means running the business for cash. I am sure there are a number of smart people at AOL who recognize the issues facing MapQuest, but they don't have the latitude to consider strategic investment in the property.
That's why I think structural opportunities are the right near-term focus:
It looks like, from the press over the last year, the financial dialogs with third parties have been focused on large, macro-sized chunks of AOL (e.,g., the access business and Earthlink, the ad and audience businesses and Yahoo, etc.). Unfortunately, the September market collapse took the wind out of the sales of lots of M&A dialogs, especially in the high-multiple sectors like technology.
Is the real 2009 opportunity for AOL to take great, more focused, franchise properties like MapQuest, and post their first win in creating a next-gen version of AOL, perhaps manifested as a holding company sitting on top of material stakes in properties spun out of the mothership?
In examining strategic options, let's be sure to give credit for what MapQuest still is, in terms of aggregate traffic and as a brand. It is an attractive franchise with real potential, but it needs the capital to play offense in the space. With the billions of private equity currently parked on the sidelines, a major property like MapQuest could attract a good deal of interest. I would engage a team today focused on a mission to actively pursue strategy options for MapQuest, in parallel to whatever other efforts are underway.
Now, assuming an option to infuse some strategic capital in MapQuest exists, what exactly should be done to change the slope of growth line?
I think there are a variety of things to pursue:
1. Fix the consumer experience ASAP - make consumers love MapQuest again
2. Find your voice in the market - maybe strive to be "the most accurate directions on the web". That takes work, and things like Google's ability for me to submit address corrections to their database means your work is cut out for you, but that is a real pillar of value the consumer market might understand.
3. Find the platform play where you can win. Maybe that starts with being the champion of things like OpenStreetMap.
4. Find ways to get more organic traffic. Over 60% of Google Maps' traffic came from Google. They have a natural advantage here. That doesn't mean there aren't creative SEO/organic traffic opportunities. You know the mid and long tail of popular physical addresses and locations. What next-gen location-centric pages could you generate that takes in all the great geo-coded data being added to the web daily?
5. Push the envelope more on your mobile experiences It is not enough to just have sites render well on a phone's browser. They need to exploit GPS, accelerometers, electronic compasses, etc., to deliver a competitive experience.
6. Find the right local review play to leverage. One of the biggest opportunities discussed over the years about MapQuest has been local search, and today that means access to local and location-contextual reviews. Find out how to have a great horse in that race. The sector doesn't have to be ceded to Yelp. Local reviews are, at some level, fundamentally broken (poor at long-tail items, subject to vendor rating spam, etc.). There is a good niche acquisition opportunity in your future to jumpstart things here, in my opinion.
7. Be the first to deliver a free Telenav-level consumer experience (real-time, text-to-speech, turn by turn) - that does mean addressing the current Navteq pricing practices (hence the push to accelerate the open source mapping efforts).
These are just a few ideas. I am sure people at AOL have a lot more. The key is finding the structure to allow these ideas to be pursued.
The goal is simple - do what it takes make MapQuest the property it deserves to be.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Hillary Clinton, former secretary of state for the US, says she believes an independent Scotland would be a "loss for both sides"
Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said she hopes Scotland does not become independent from the rest of the UK.
Ahead of the 18 September referendum, she told the BBC a "Yes" vote would be a "loss for both sides".
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond said the nation was "not a property to be lost" but was deciding its future.
UK shadow foreign secretary Douglas Alexander said Ms Clinton had brought a global perspective to the debate.
Ms Clinton's comments came during a promotional tour for her memoirs, amid continuing speculation as to whether she will mount a US presidential campaign.
The current US president, Barack Obama, has already intervened in the referendum debate, saying his country's interest was to ensure it retained a "strong, robust, united and effective partner".
When asked about the referendum, Ms Clinton, who has an honorary degree from St Andrews University, told the BBC's Jeremy Paxman: "I would hate to have you lose Scotland.
"I hope it doesn't happen, but again I don't have a vote in Scotland, but I would hope it doesn't happen."
She added: "We'll see what the people of Scotland decide, but I would think it would be a loss for both sides."
Analysis:
Scott Lucas, professor of American studies, Birmingham University
Hillary Clinton doesn't make off-the-cuff remarks, and she certainly doesn't do so on foreign affairs.
The fact that President Obama, and indeed other European politicians, have come out vocally against Scottish independence really points to a coordination among policy-makers on both sides of the Atlantic who basically are saying Scotland should remain part of Britain and, in turn, part of the EU.
I think this is a concerted campaign. I think it's one that's been discussed by the White House, I think it's been discussed by Number 10 and by other European capitals to try to deter Scottish voters from breaking away from Britain.
In a sense, they're comfortable. They know the EU, they know it with Scotland being inside it, and change basically frightens them.
The Swedish foreign minister, Carl Bildt, referred to Scotland leaving as the Balkanisation of Britain, which invokes scary images of the 1990s wars in the former Yugoslavia.
I don't agree with those perceptions, but right now this is as much a battle of propaganda as it is one of reality.
Hillary Clinton is speaking to the Scottish and British public.
She might say, and President Obama might say, 'it's up to Scottish voters to make a decision' - but that's like my mother telling me, 'I can't tell you what to do, but you really shouldn't go to that party on Friday night'.
It will be interesting to see how Scottish voters react, because my perception is that - far from pushing Scottish voters to say 'we have to stay part of Britain' - I think they may assert their own, as it were, independence from these politicians by voting in the referendum precisely to come out of Britain.
Philippa Malmgren, former adviser to President George W. Bush
The United Kingdom is still one of America's most important - if not the most important - defence ally, so it matters whether this nation remains one, or splits into two.
It's only six weeks ago that two British fighter jets were scrambled from Leuchars airbase in Fife, when two Russian jets started to come near British airspace.
The United States right now has quite enough on its plate, with Iraq, issues with both China and the South China Sea and Russia.
To add another defence issue is not what the White House - under any president of any party - would be looking for.
In that sense, I don't think you're going to get the Americans saying, 'go for it'.
There's another issue.
We have quite a few separatist movements of our own in the United States - counties in California that are trying to separate from California, and Texas endlessly wants to become its own nation.
At the end of the day, no president in the United States wants to support separatist movements in general.
Ms Clinton said the referendum in Scotland had gone through a proper legal process, unlike the recent vote in Crimea over its separation from Ukraine.
Mr Salmond said the American politician was entitled to her views, adding the inference that Britain would "lose Scotland" after a "Yes" vote was similar to reported remarks by Prime Minister David Cameron.
The first minister said: "In any case, Scotland is not a property to be lost but a nation about to take a precious and consensual and democratic decision.
"An independent Scotland will be a friend and ally to our neighbours in the rest of the UK as well as to our friends in the United States of America.
"The eyes of the world are on Scotland as we look forward to one of the most exciting days in our history - but that huge international focus, and all the economic and other opportunities it will bring, will only stay in Scotland with a 'Yes' vote."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption US President Barack Obama has already intervened in the Scottish independence debate
Mr Alexander, a former UK international development secretary, said of Ms Clinton: "This is a woman who, as America's senior diplomat over the last four years, has chosen her words extraordinarily carefully.
"I think it's very significant that she's expressed, certainly the fact that it's for those of us in Scotland to make the choice, but a very clear personal view that she would hate it and thinks that it would be better for us to stay together."
Speaking on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme, the Scottish Labour MP added: "She has that broader view that recognises that the hallmark and the challenge of this time is not so much independence but interdependence - how do we establish networks of cooperation to meet common challenges, from getting getting global economic growth in a sustainable way to tackling climate change.
"That global view gives her a sense as to what would not just be in Scotland's interests or in the rest of the United Kingdom's interests, but more broadly in European and western interests as well."
(CNN) A new report from Human Rights Watch accuses the Saudi Arabia-led coalition in Yemen of using American-made cluster bombs in civilian areas.
That action, if it took place, not only violates U.S. export laws but also raises further questions related to why lawmakers and military officials condone the sale and use of this controversial weapon.
The weapon -- which not only delivers an initial explosion on impact but also contains multiple smaller bombs that spread over a wide area -- is largely condemned by the international community due to the risk of civilian casualties when used in populated areas.
The United States is one of 80 countries, including China, Israel, Iran, North Korea, Russia and Saudi Arabia , that have rejected a ban on the sale or use of cluster munitions.
In its report, Human Rights Watch concluded that the Saudi-led coalition is responsible for all or nearly all the cluster munitions attacks in Yemen because it is the only entity operating aircraft capable of delivering the weapon.
Cluster bombs can be legally exported under U.S. law and have been sold to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates in recent years.
But recipients must also agree not to use them in civilian areas, according to the law. And in 2008, the United States put in place stringent requirements on the reliability rate of the weapons.
U.S. reviewing report
U.S. officials have acknowledged reports of civilian casualties in Yemen but stopped short of specifically recognizing the use of cluster munitions or accepting any direct responsibility for collateral damage resulting from coalition strikes.
"We are aware of the Human Rights Watch report and are reviewing it," said Christopher Sherwood, a spokesman for the Department of Defense.
The Saudi Arabian government did not respond to a request for comment. But in a January interview with CNN's Nic Robertson, Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri, a Saudi military spokesman, said Saudi Arabia has used cluster munitions in Yemen against concentrated rebel camps and armored vehicles but not in cities populated with civilians.
In the January interview, Asiri specifically denied reports that Saudi Arabia used cluster munitions on a civilian neighborhood in the city of Sanaa.
"We don't use cluster bombs in Sanaa, this is clear and definite," he said.
But on Thursday, the European Parliament called on the European Union to impose an arms embargo on Saudi Arabia in response to allegations of human rights violations in Yemen.
"Our duty is to the civilians in Yemen, and given widespread and very valid concerns over the conduct of the war by Saudi forces, our call for an E.U.-wide arms embargo is proportionate and necessary," said Alyn Smith, one of the lawmakers who spearheaded the vote.
"The Saudis say they are investigating what they call incidents, and I welcome that scrutiny. But that is not enough -- humanitarian NGOs have asked for an independent inquiry that meets international law standards," he said.
Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to Britain, responded to the calls for an arms embargo Monday in an op-ed in The Telegraph , insisting the Saudi campaign in Yemen is in "full compliance with international humanitarian law."
"Precision weapons are being used over cluster munitions, and targets are thoroughly examined to ensure the avoidance of civilian casualties," he wrote.
The Human Rights Watch report, published earlier in February, includes interviews with witnesses and victims. Photographs and video evidence, the human rights groups said, confirm that the Saudi-led coalition, which includes the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar and other countries, is using cluster munitions in civilian areas as part of its military operations against Houthi rebels.
"Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners, as well as their U.S. supplier, are blatantly disregarding the global standard that says cluster munitions should never be used under any circumstances," said Steve Goose, arms director at Human Rights Watch and chairman of the international Cluster Munition Coalition. "The Saudi-led coalition should investigate evidence that civilians are being harmed in these attacks and immediately stop using them."
One strike documented in the report occurred on December 12, when witnesses said coalition aircraft dropped cluster munitions on the military port of al-Hayma.
While the Yemeni coast guard and Houthi rebels both occupy parts of the port, it is close to a local fishing village, according to the report.
That morning, a witness said he saw aircraft drop bombs that exploded and then released a series of smaller bombs.
Because of the way the wind was blowing, the smaller bombs -- delivered by what were described as "parachutes" -- started to fall toward the witness's village.
One of those parachutes hit the house of the witness's brother, sending metal fragments flying into a room and injuring three people inside, including a 4-year-old girl.
Doctors had to amputate the leg of one of the men inside the home because of injuries he suffered in the attack, the witness told Human Rights Watch.
The report documents more than a dozen other witness accounts of similar explosions during airstrikes in the country.
Military planners monitor Yemen
The United States has a small group of military planners who monitor the situation in Yemen to act in an advisory role and help share intelligence.
But officials said the United States does not have a direct hand in coordinating or carrying out military strikes in the conflict.
"We are confident that the intelligence and advice we pass on to Saudi Arabia and other coalition members is sound, giving them the best options for military success consistent with international norms and mitigating the potential for civilian casualties," said U.S. Navy Cmdr. Kyle Raines, a spokesman for U.S. Central Command.
"The final decisions on the conduct of operations in the campaign are made by the members of the Saudi-led coalition, not the United States," he added.
Cluster munitions are delivered from the ground by artillery and rockets or dropped from aircraft. They contain multiple smaller submunitions that spread over a wide area.
The threat these munitions pose to civilian populations at the time of an attack, as well as the tendency of the submunitions not to explode and remain active until they are cleared or destroyed, prompted 118 countries to ban their use and join the Convention on Cluster Munitions in 2008.
While the United States is not a member of the Convention on Cluster Munitions, it does have an export law that prohibits recipients of cluster munitions from using them in populated areas, stating they "will only be used against clearly defined military targets and will not be used where civilians are known to be present or in areas normally inhabited by civilians."
U.S. law also mandates that cluster munitions only be sold if they demonstrate a failure rate -- i.e., leaving unexploded ordnance behind -- of less than 1%. Human Rights Watch's report said that reliability standard is not being met by those used in Yemen.
U.S. military officials "have and continue to recommend to the Saudi military leadership to investigate all incidents of civilian casualties allegedly caused by airstrikes and has asked that the coalition reveal the results of these investigations publicly," according to U.S. spokesman Raines.
But human rights groups have called for President Barack Obama to follow the EU Parliament's lead and take a deeper look at the United States' role in the growing civilian death toll in Yemen.
"The Obama administration is basically tolerating civilian casualties in Yemen and giving lip service that they are concerned," said William Hartung, an adviser to the Security Assistance Monitor.
The Department of Defense said that it remains "deeply concerned by reports of harm to civilians" and that the United States has "encouraged the Saudi-led coalition to investigate reports of civilian harm," according to Sherwood.
But Hartung charged that the United States looks the other way on reports of civilian casualties and continues to sell cluster bombs to the Saudis because of a number of geopolitical and economic factors.
First, by backing the Saudi campaign in Yemen, the United States is attempting to reassure Riyadh that the nuclear deal with Iran doesn't indicate a tilt toward regional support for Iran, which backs the Houthis.
History of arms sales to Saudi Arabia
He also said the United States' long-standing role as an arms supplier to Saudi Arabia has been very lucrative for American companies.
The Defense Department maintained the sale and use of this particular type of weapon isn't a problem if they are used under the appropriate guidelines.
"We have consistently reinforced to coalition members the imperative of target analysis and precise application of weapons in order to identify and avoid structures and areas that, if struck, could result in civilian casualties," Sherwood said.
Despite reassurances from U.S. officials, human rights groups hope they can force the United States to reassess its policy of selling cluster munitions, specifically to Saudi Arabia, by continuing to apply public pressure.
Reports of civilian casualties in Yemen resulting from the use of cluster munitions have generated some conversation among lawmakers on Capitol Hill.
In July, Rep. Jim McGovern, a Massachusetts Democrat, raised concern about the use of these weapons in Yemen.
"If we have evidence that countries are not complying with U.S. law, that ought to be enough to say we sell these weapons to them no more. Period. End of story," McGovern said, adding that the United States should join the Convention on Cluster Munitions.
McGovern is co-sponsor of the Cluster Munitions Civilian Protection Act, a bill he has been trying to make law since 2007.
The Senate, at this point, is unlikely to pass McGovern's bill or join the anti-cluster bomb treaty, but Hartung said the Obama administration could still abide by its rules without formally becoming part of the group.
The more these casualties are documented, the more leverage human rights groups have over the administration, Hartung said: "While it is unlikely they will stop the large sales, President Obama could re-evaluate what is being used in Yemen."
What do a Russian presidential advisor and JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon have in common?
If you guessed a disdain and hatred for bitcoin, you'd be on the money – so to speak.
So for anyone who thinks bitcoin is like the “Internet of money,” this advisor would probably have some pretty harsh words for them. And they wouldn't be alone. (See: MPD CEO Karen's Webster's thoughts on this subject of why “everyone should stop wasting braincells on bitcoin.”)
In an interview with a Russian news agency, German Klimenko — who serves as Vladimir Putin's Presidential Internet Adviser (cool title, right?) — was quoted as saying that virtual currencies are a “virus going straight into the head,” and are “a mere fiction.”
Maybe he's been reading PYMNTS.com?
These remarks come just weeks after lawmakers in Russia launched a plan to crack down on bitcoin and all digital currency activity by making it a crime that comes with some serious jail time. The most recent conversations involve lawmakers wanting to curtail any possible bitcoin activity by slapping a seven-year jail sentence on anyone who uses bitcoin for any sort of activity.
And who wants to spend time in a Russian prison? But if someone ends up there, they can at least engage in commerce – just not using bitcoin.
Anyone in the country who is involved in the production, sale or distribution of any digital currency could already end up with a one-year correctional labor sentence. At least that's better than Siberia?
But then again, the Ministry of Finance wants other stipulations attached to the laws, including a fine of up to 500,000 Ruble (~$7,100). And if the “criminal” can't pay? They would have to give over their salary for a three-year period. Or go to prison for four years.
It's safe to say that Russia won't be getting bitcoin-friendly anytime soon.
Bitcoin's Rival Picks Up Steam
Move over bitcoin, there's a newer digital currency in town gaining more attention.
That's bitcoin's latest rival on the market, known as Ethereum. Its value has jumped 1,000 percent in three months, according to a report from The New York Times' Nathaniel Popper.
Dubbed by some as “bitcoin 2.0,” the virtual currency is garnering attention from bigwigs in the financial and tech sectors, such as JPMorgan Chase, Microsoft and IBM.
Some suggest that where bitcoin's possibilities end, Ethereum's begin. Outside of acting as a virtual currency, it also has the potential to provide smart contracts for online markets. But, as the report notes, this virtual currency is still in its early days and could have the same growing pains that bitcoin has faced.
Security problems of the complicated software, for one, have been mentioned by bitcoin supporters. And the possibility of other issues, like being a source for fraudulent contracts (Ponzi schemes), could be another one that some suggest could be integrated into the software of Ethereum itself.
IBM has suggested that Ethereum could be used in the Internet of Things market. Microsoft has views on how it could be used on its computing cloud.
So will it give bitcoin a run for its money? We'll have to wait and see.
Bitcoin Meets NFC
“There exists a bizarre gap in today's state of financial services.”
That's the philosophy of Shake, a new startup in the bitcoin world that is (unsurprisingly) trying to pitch a payment method that doesn't involve banks, governments or regulators. Instead, its latest product rollout is all about making bitcoin and digital currency payments easier to make.
Which, in this case, means tapping into the power of NFC. The Shake app allows anyone with an Android phone equipped with NFC to tap and pay for purchases at any Visa-accepting contactless terminal
“What could happen if we link bitcoin to the existing financial infrastructure?” the company wrote in a recent blog post. Well, according to the startup, that means enabling more consumers to use bitcoin wallets, where they can pay by using their mobile device to tap — and that starts with contactless-enabled terminals (which the startup claims will work with its Android app).
“All contactless-enabled terminals around the world will now accept your phone as a method of payment,” the company confirms on its blog, which also details its plans to enable virtual bitcoin cards to be used for online payments.
Bitcoin's Power Suck
If you're Al Gore and you see the headline “Bitcoin could soon use more power than Denmark,” it's pretty unsettling, since the volume of bitcoin transactions are still pretty nominal.
As is well-established, processing bitcoin transactions takes a massive amount of electricity – as the blockchain has to update with each and every transaction. But no one has ever calculated just how much. One projection reported this week claims that “by 2020 bitcoin could require more than 14 Gigawatts of electricity just to run.”
That's the equivalent of running an entire small country, like Denmark. Researcher Sebastiaan Deetman, who took his inspiration from another researcher at Motherboard wrote: “Adopting bitcoin as a major currency anytime in the next few decades. [It] would just exacerbate anthropogenic climate change by needlessly increasing electricity consumption until it's too late.”
Deetman calculates that miners use about the same electricity amounts as 280,000 U.S. households.
How Big Could Bitcoin's ‘Bits' Go?
The debate about bitcoin's block size just got some interesting attention from a team at Cornell.
This includes a new study from a team at the Jacobs Technion-Cornell Institute that in its research found that bitcoin's blocksize could ramp up to 4MB without impacting its structure and without harming decentralization of the digital currency.
What the tests concluded is that when 4,000 bitcoin nodes were tested, 90 percent of them could operate using the 4MB blocks, which could mean something for the future of bitcoin's blocksize and the debate that's framed around it.
“Through a structured presentation of the design landscape for blockchain protocols, we illustrated the variety of potentially successful approaches to such scaling, categorized a range of recently proposed and new ideas, and framed a number of important open technical challenges for the community,” the researchers wrote.
What's been happening over the past couple months in the bitcoin community has centered on the debate about if bitcoin's blockchain block size should get expanded.
Because traditional bitcoin has a limit on how many can be produced and how many transactions it can handle, there are challenges the bitcoin community has faced since Day 1 in terms of making it go mainstream. It's also under the sway of a small number of people who control a large part of the bitcoin universe.
Bitcoin Exchange Hacked
Cointrader, a Canadian-based bitcoin exchange, has halted operations after it was reportedly hacked. This eventually led to delays in withdrawals and a halt on customer activity.
“This issue is currently under investigation and it is our intention to have the balance of your account settled as soon as possible. We sincerely apologize for this unfortunate inconvenience and will keep you posted on the progress of this issue. In the meantime, we have halted deposits, withdrawals and trading activity until this matter has been resolved,” read a note from the company.
Unfortunate, indeed. The exchange is closed until further notice.
Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh on Friday backed his party's vice president Rahul Gandhi's strong statements against communalism, and said his speech was directed at those who adopted the same Golwalkar-like ideology that killed Mahatma Gandhi.
“Understand what Rahul ji has said. In this country, you have people subscribing to the Golwalkar ideology. Rahul Gandhi's speech directed towards those whose ideology resulted in death of Mahatma Gandhi and the ideology that spreads communal hate and intolerance. The subscribers of the same ideology also killed Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi,” Singh said. “The Congress is fighting against those spreading the fire of communalism, as well as those acting on Left extremism in the country,” he added. Madhav Sadashiv Golwalkar was the second "Sarsanghchalak" (Supreme chief) of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS).
On October 23, Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi addressed a rally in Churu, Rajasthan spoke strongly about his intent to fight communal forces, and added that he was not afraid of getting assassinated like his father, Rajiv Gandhi, and his grandmother Indira Gandhi. "They (communal elements) have killed my grandmother, they have killed my father and maybe someday they will kill me as well. But I don't care," Gandhi said in Churu on October 23.
Further, the Congress vice president at the Churu rally explained that the reason he spoke strongly against the BJP's method of politics was because his own experience made him understand the extreme consequences of hatred and anger.
"I speak against the BJP orchestrated divisive and communal politics. But, I have never told you why I speak so strongly against them. Today, I will tell you that. ...The pain that I felt that day, I have only felt on one other occasion when my father was killed. But, only I know the pain that I went through when my grandmother was killed. I understand that pain. It was like someone ripped your chest," Gandhi said while describing the day of 31 October, 1984, when Indira Gandhi was assassinated.
Blood clots in women on the Pill are rare Many women are not taking the safest brand of the pill, say researchers. Two separate studies in the British Medical Journal found that some oral contraceptives were linked with a higher risk of blood clot than others. But experts stressed that blood clots are a rare side-effect of the combined pill and the risk overall is small, whichever brand is used. Women should not stop taking it but speak to a doctor if they are worried, the Family Planning Association said. It has been known for a long time that the combined pill, which contains both oestrogen and progestogen, was associated with an increased risk of venous thrombosis - a blood clot that forms in a vein. What this says are we should stick to prescribing the well-trusted favourites but the chance of having a blood clot when on the pill are very low anyway
Dr Nick Dunn, GP In some cases a clot can be serious and occasionally fatal, particularly if it breaks away and travels to the lungs. The levels of oestrogen in the pill have been reduced over the years to help cut the risks. However, this risk is far smaller than the risk of a clot during pregnancy. In the first study done by Dutch researchers - looking at data from 1,524 women who had developed venous thrombosis - they found that overall taking the pill was associated with a five-fold increased risk of a clot. But closer analysis showed variation. Women taking pills containing a progestogen called levonorgestrel (for example, Microgynon) had the lowest risk of thrombosis at four times that of women not on the pill. Whereas those on contraceptives containing desogestrel (for example, Mercilon or Marvelon) had the highest risk, at seven times that of those not taking the pill. Women taking a pill with norgestimate (for example, Cilest) had an almost six-fold extra risk as did those on drospirenone (for example, Yasmin). Those taking a drug containing cyproterone acetate (for example, Dianette, which is often prescribed for acne) had an almost seven-fold additional risk. Impact "Currently available oral contraceptives still have a major impact on thrombosis occurrence and many women do not use the safest brands with regard to risk of venous thrombosis," the researchers concluded. The second study, by Danish researchers, also found that contraceptives containing levonorgestrel were associated with a lower risk than those containing desogestrel, gestodene or drospirenone. Dr Nick Dunn, a GP and senior lecturer at the University of Southampton said it was interesting that Yasmine, the newest type of pill, did not offer any advantage over more traditional ones. But he added that those recommended by the researchers were probably the most commonly prescribed. "What this says are we should stick to prescribing the well-trusted favourites but the chance of having a blood clot when on the pill are very low anyway." He said if a woman wanted a particular brand maybe because of personal experience he would still prescribe it. Lynn Hearton, from the Family Planning Association (FPA), said: "Although the combined pill does slightly increase the risk of thrombosis, the risk is still really low. "If any women are worried about the pill they should not stop using it. "They should continue taking it and seek advice from a health professional."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
London based hit men Ray and Ken are told by their boss Harry Waters to lie low in Bruges, Belgium for up to two weeks following their latest hit, which resulted in the death of an innocent bystander. Harry will be in touch with further instructions. While they wait for Harry's call, Ken, following Harry's advice, takes in the sights of the medieval city with great appreciation. But the charms of Bruges are lost on the simpler Ray, who is already despondent over the innocent death, especially as it was his first job. Things change for Ray when he meets Chloe, part of a film crew shooting a movie starring an American dwarf named Jimmy. When Harry's instructions arrive, Ken, for whom the job is directed, isn't sure if he can carry out the new job, especially as he has gained a new appreciation of life from his stay in the fairytale Bruges. While Ken waits for the inevitable arrival into Bruges of an angry Harry, who feels he must clean up matters on his own, Ray is dealing with his own ... Written by Huggo
If her wife died, would the newborn — conceived with a donor who is a family friend — still be considered her daughter?
As Raquel Grand's wife was hemorrhaging dangerously after giving birth to their daughter, Grand was struck with a terrible thought.
Grand's wife, Deanna Djos, survived, but during her recovery period weeks afterwards, the couple made time to go to a lawyer so that Grand could adopt their daughter and be considered her legal parent.
“Suddenly I had no security to offer my baby, and it just put me in this situation where I'd done everything right up until that point, in preparing financially for having a kid, preparing RESPs, making sure I had a will and all that stuff — and realizing no matter what I'd done, not having laws in place left me really vulnerable.”
“Do they even let you leave the hospital with a baby that is not legally yours?” Grand wondered in a recent interview.
But it is languishing in the committee stage, said MPP Cheri DiNovo, who introduced the bill.
The government has expressed a desire to change the laws and its support for a private member's bill, Cy and Ruby's Act, introduced last year that passed first and second reading.
Multiple parents cannot be listed on a birth registry form, despite another court ruling. Trans men who give birth can only register as a mother. Lesbian couples who conceive with a known donor must pay for a legal adoption.
The legal hoops LGBT parents have to go through to be registered as parents were found to be discriminatory by the courts 10 years ago. But the practice has yet to change.
“Going into Pride as one of the heel-dragging provinces that won't give same-sex couples equal rights as parents — I mean, that's crazy,” DiNovo said.
The Attorney General has indicated some amendments maybe needed, DiNovo said, but there has been no discussion about what those might look like or when they might be introduced at the committee level.
The lack of movement on the issue has prompted a group of LGBT families to launch a constitutional challenge, seeking an order that the current laws violate the Charter, and asking the court to supervise changes, “given the province's failure to act meaningfully.”
But the government's response — which the group's lawyer, Joanna Radbord, said was delivered after the 30-day response period — does not provide the answers they were seeking.
Instead, the government has asked for a time extension in filing material.
Radbord said her clients expected the government to concede that the legislation is unconstitutional and discriminatory, and also that the government is committed to law reform — it's just a question of what they will do and how long it will take.
“Instead they haven't been willing to say they recognize the legislation is unconstitutional, they haven't kept up their support for Bill 137 even though they said they supported it wholeheartedly,” Radbord said.
“Apparently they can't decide whether or not they want to support equality for LGBTQ families or if they are going to fight equal recognition for children of same-sex parents.”
The government's response filed in court states: “It is imperative that Ontario take the time to get its position right.”
Cy and Ruby's Act, it says, “demonstrates how these matters are of significant complexity and are neither straightforward nor easily resolved. For example, the Bill does not consider a number of scenarios that could arise when assisted reproduction is used and draws heavily from similar legislation in British Columbia, which does not accommodate Ontario's family law context.”
When asked what the timeline is for making changes to the Children's Law Reform Act and the Vital Statistics Act, a spokesperson for the Minister of the Attorney General said only that there would be consultation in the “coming months.”
“We understand the importance of having legislation that reflects the society we live in. Before any changes are made to parentage laws, it is important to hear from as many people as possible about their experiences to ensure that we understand the needs and circumstances of all families,” said spokeswoman Jenna Mannone.
Mannone said she could not comment on the ongoing court case.
DiNovo said there have been no specific reasons provided for why the government feels the laws are so complicated to fix.
“In what way does it not (fit into the Ontario family law context), what scenario would make it unworkable, what amendments would you like to see? These are the questions they don't have answers to, and that is what is really bizarre about it.”
In the meantime, children continue to be born to parents who do not have the same rights as heterosexual couples.
Amy Noseworthy and her wife, Alice MacLachlan, had to go through the adoption process for their daughter, born three years ago.
“Every new parent feels fraudulent,” said MacLachlan, explaining how after their daughter was born people were curious to know who the “real mother” was. “But it is much harder to feel that way when the law is suggesting you are fraudulent. No one knows what they are doing at first, no one feels like a real parent. But you shouldn't have your government telling you that you are not a real parent.”
They are thinking about having another child and hope that by then, “the legality of our situation reflects the reality of our situation,” Noseworthy said.
The cost of getting lawyers involved to do an adoption adds to the discrimination, MacLachlan said. They were fortunate to have the money and assistance from friends who are lawyers, but many families are not so lucky.
“Families in Ontario are struggling with child care, struggling with housing, struggling to build good futures for their children,” MacLachlan said. The current state of the law “makes having a family something out of reach for many LGBT couples and families. That's not fair. That should be a right, not a privilege.”
A public court hearing has been scheduled for Tuesday to address the government's failure to provide a response to the constitutional challenge, Radbord said.
“Given the premier that we have and the current social climate,” she said, “you would think this would be really easy.”
Before embarking on a professional hockey career, Penguins winger Tanner Glass was a history major at Dartmouth.
After an informal practice session Tuesday at Consol Energy Center, Glass was asked what he plans to do with his degree.
“Kill penalties,” he said.
That's why the Penguins signed him to a two-year contract July 1 on the first day of free agency, only a little more than hour after they contacted him.
“I felt like Pittsburgh wanted me as their No. 1 priority,” he said.
Although he was academically superior to many of his classmates at Lumsden High School in Saskatchewan, Glass always knew hockey was his destiny — even if he has been largely unnoticed since first becoming an NHL regular in 2009 with the Vancouver Canucks.
“The other guys can get the points,” said Glass, who has 12 goals and 260 penalty minutes in three seasons with the Canucks and Winnipeg Jets (2011-12). “I don't mind being under the radar at all. That's how I fit best, to go out there and grind. I'll get my hits in.”
Glass, 29, said he “hangs his hat” on his penalty-killing skills, but he said assistant coach Tony Granato made him no promises during their meeting this week.
“That's kind of the way I like it,” Glass said. “I like to prove what I can do.”
Glass said he may take some time to get accustomed to coach Dan Bylsma's system.
“There is a lot to learn, but I should grasp it pretty quickly,” he said. “It's unfortunate that we won't have too many exhibition games to kind of feel out how the coach runs the bench. But that being said, it's kind of nice not to think about anything, just get going and get after it.
“I've been playing this game long enough that there is nothing that is too new.”
Uncertainty erased
During the last 3 1⁄ 2 weeks of the lockout, Glass played for a team in Slovakia, where he said he was worried about the fate of the NHL season.
“I'd be lying if I said I was always confident,” he said. “But deep down in my heart, I think I knew there was going to be a season. But with the way things were going there for a while, it was kind of touch and go. I'm glad we're going now.”
Glass, who returned to the United States on Sunday, said the Slovakian game didn't especially fit his style of play.
“It's not as structured, not as defensive,” he said. “It's a little free-flowing for my style of game.”
Life after hockey
Former Penguins goaltender Brent Johnson has been working out with the team during informal workouts, but he probably won't return Wednesday when new backup Tomas Vokoun is expected in town.
Johnson, who turns 36 in March, spent the past three seasons with the Penguins but remains a free agent.
“It looks pretty slim out there,” he said. “I'm keeping my fingers crossed. If it happens, it happens. I'm ready. I'm in shape.”
Meanwhile, he is living in the Avonworth School District, spending time with his family and considering starting a hockey school with former Penguins employee Frank Buonomo.
Josh Yohe contributed to this story. Jerry DiPaola is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach him at jdipaola@tribweb.com or via Twitter @JDiPaola_Trib.
A sex trafficker was slammed with a 472-year prison sentence for sexually exploiting a group of young girls in the Denver area, reports say.
Thirty-one-year-old Brock Franklin was indicted in 2015 for operating a prostitution ring of young girls, many of whom he kidnapped and coerced using violence and drugs into selling their bodies, Fox News reported.
Franklin was found guilty on November 21 in an Arapahoe County court, convicted of 30 counts including human trafficking, exploitation of a child, child prostitution, and kidnapping among many other charges.
Three minor girls and five adult women helped prosecutors with the case against Franklin. The case was brought under Colorado's Organized Crime Control Act.
“I can't begin to even explain what he did to my life,” victim Brehannah Leary said in court.
“Reading it today, and speaking and actually saying how I felt, and him having hearing and have to sit there and listen and listen to me, that brought me so much joy and that's why I came today,” she added.
The convict's legal team asked for a 96-year sentence, but county officials and victim's advocacy groups demanded he be put away permanently.
“A 400-year sentence sends a strong message across the country that we're not going to tolerate this kind of violence to women and vulnerable populations,” said Colorado Attorney General's Office spokesperson Janet Drake.
“He deserves every single minute in those walls,” Leary told the media after the sentencing phase of the trial ended.
The case also saw six of Franklin's associates brought up on charges resulting in deferred sentences for five and an 18-year prison sentence for the sixth.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
New Delhi: India's food regulator wants restaurants to declare the calorific and nutritive value of the food they serve in an effort aimed at making consumers aware of what they eat.
“Declaring details of calorie intake and nutrition information ensures that consumers are informed. These things are already part of labelling norms for packaged food," said Pawan Kumar Agarwal, chief executive officer of Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI).
But Agarwal doesn't want to make this mandatory—at least, not yet.
“To start with, let the big ones come forward and do this voluntarily."
ALSO READ | FSSAI notifies caffeine level for energy drinks
Some fine-dining restaurants, especially those at five-star hotels, have separate menus for low-calorie food and also offer sugar-free options on demand. But they do not declare calorific and nutrition details.
The Indian food regulator's move is probably inspired by the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA), which in December 2014 notified rules for the so-called Nutrition Labelling of Standard Menu Items in Restaurants and Similar Retail Food Establishments. By 5 May 2017, some categories of restaurants in the US will have to comply with these.
FSSAI is likely to follow the USFDA standards, when it decides to notify rules, although there is no plan to do this immediately.
“We are working with FSSAI and disclosing information on nutrition and calorie intake will not be an issue," said a spokesperson for the Hotel and Restaurant Association of Northern India that has 1,700 members across nine states.
ALSO READ | FSSAI decides to ban use of newspapers for packing food
Riyaaz Amlani, president, National Restaurants Association of India (NRAI) isn't as enthusiastic about the idea. “Making it voluntary may make sense. But if it is mandatory, compliance may be an issue. Declaration of nutrition information and calorie details will be a huge task. Even in the western countries, it is not a practice," said Amlani, who owns Impresario Entertainment and Hospitality Pvt. Ltd that runs popular restaurant and bar and cafe chains such as Smoke House Deli and Social.
The food services market in India is projected to grow to Rs4.98 trillion by 2021, expanding at an annual average rate of 10%, from Rs3.09 trillion in 2016, according to a NRAI-Technopak report.
The food regulator is also working on standards for organic food, including grains. These will be notified by the end of February, Agarwal said.
Organic food is a relatively new phenomenon in India and most of this market is unorganized at present.
The size of the organic food market, most of which is for pulses and grains, was estimated at $0.36 billion in 2014 but is projected to grow at 25-30% a year to $1.36 billion by 2020, according to an October-2015 study by industry lobby group Assocham and research firm TechSci Research.
In a bit of ingenuity, Brazilian painter Fernando de la Rocque is turning his marijuana smoking into an art form.
The history of artists creating while under the influence goes back at least as far as the absinthe era, and more recently, Brian Lewis Saunders experimented with a host of substances in a self-portrait series that went viral earlier this summer. De la Rocque goes a step further, however, by using marijuana smoke as one of his materials.
His golden-hued images are the result of the 32-year-old artist blowing smoke through a stencil over paper.
Never let it be said his creations don't require effort or commitment. The Associated Press reported that each print takes a week to finish and up to five joints worth of smoke every day.
The report also indicated that the artist "stumbled upon" his technique in 2009, which seems like a fairly appropriate choice of words if you imagine one's frame of mind after that kind of intake.
Baladi News – Damascus Countryside (Ahmed Abdul Haq)
The Medical Committee of Madaya and Bukain in Damascus western countryside warned that the towns reached a critical phase medically after the emergence of suspected viral meningitis cases largely among children. However, the committee is unable to diagnose this disease due to the lack of medical laboratory tools.
The symptoms of the disease appeared due to malnutrition of civilians due to the ongoing suffocating blockade on the towns by the regime and Hezbollah forces, which deny the entry of food and medical supplies.
The committee called upon the United Nations, International Red Cross, Syrian Red Crescent, and Medecins Sans Frontieres to assume their responsibilities and take Immediate and rapid action to rescue the thousands of besieged people by exerting pressure for urgently opening humanitarian corridors and entering the necessary food and medical supplies.
Late in overtime, the Washington Capitals had a chance to end the game when the Anaheim Ducks took a too-many-men penalty. It gave the Caps a four-on-three power play, which they frittered away 16 seconds later when TJ Oshie closed his hand on the puck.
On the live telecast, you could see Caps captain Alex Ovechkin protesting the delay of game penalty by standing directly in front of official Gord Dwyer who was trying to announce the call. Dwyer seemed testy, waving his arms around all willy nilly at Ovechkin, but it was nothing too out of the ordinary.
According to reader Megan C., there was much more to this Ovechkin/Dwyer interaction. I'll let her explain:
The game in Anaheim just ended and I was listening to it on Caps radio and during OT, like right after they blew the whistle on Oshie for closing his hand over the puck, the radio mics somehow got crystal clear audio of the referee yelling “GET AWAY FROM ME!!!!” supposedly towards Ovi. It was absolutely amazing and Walton was getting a kick out of it.
I reached out to the Caps radio announcer and contributor to Caps Radio 24/7 (which you can listen to here), John Walton, and he was kind enough to give me the audio.
It's a treasure.
Dwyer, whose mic is both on and hot, first asks Ovechkin to “get out of here.”
A few seconds later, he's a bit more adamant. He screams at Ovechkin, “Get away from me!!!”
Walton cracks up.
“And the mic's on,” Walton said. “Okay, it's not good that the penalty was called, but that was a moment of the game you don't get to hear very much. He was talking to Alex Ovechkin and that was Gord Dwyer, the referee, ‘Get away from me.' I am glad we captured that moment even if the power play is short lived.”
I couldn't agree more, John. What a night for the officials.
Full RMNB Coverage of Caps at Ducks
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LONDON (Reuters) - A man who tried to hire a prostitute to take his 14-year-old son's virginity as a present was spared jail by a court on Friday.
The Polish national took the boy out in his car and allowed him to pick out the prostitute, who was standing at the side of the road in the red-light district of Nottingham.
But the 42-year-old father was arrested because the teenager had chosen an undercover police officer, Nottingham Crown Court heard.
The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was handed a 10-month prison sentence, suspended for a year, after he admitted a charge of trying to solicit a woman to have sex with a child, the Press Association reported.
The court heard that the father, who came to Britain eight years ago, was arrested last July during an undercover operation by the city's vice squad.
Prosecutor Adrian Harris said the man and his son had approached the undercover officer whose code name was Sarah and beckoned her over .
He asked “Sarah” how much it would cost for her to have sex with his son and they agreed on a 20 pound fee. However, when the car pulled over, the man was arrested by plainclothes police officers.
“The boy said that they had driven past the girl and his dad pointed to her and said ‘will she do?'” Harris said.
“He said ‘yes' and they had turned round. He said his dad did this because he was still a virgin and he was taking care of that for him.”
Judge Jonathan Teare said he would spare the father jail because of his excellent character and that he believed he did not mean any harm to his son.
“You have a duty of care to your son and that is to look after his moral welfare, not as you might think to break him in to the ways of sex through a prostitute,” he said.
The court was told the boy would continue to live with his father.
Too much Va Va Voom? Renault advert featuring close-ups of burlesque dancers is banned by watchdog because it 'treats women like sexual objects'
Supermini advert sees car surrounded by gyrating, scantily-clad women
A car advert featuring scantily-clad burlesque dancers has been banned after watchdogs branded it sexist.
They were concerned that it featured ‘a number of shots of the women's breasts and bottoms, in which their heads were obscured'.
The way the women had been presented in the Renault Clio advert ‘invited viewers to see them as sexual objects', it was ruled.
Scroll down for video
Non merci: A raunchy new advert for the Renault Clio has been banned by advertising watchdogs who branded it sexist
The Advertising Standards Authority, who were alerted by just one complaint, has now banned the advert – which appears only on the internet – after rejecting the French car-maker's contention that it was a parody of a typically French Moulin Rouge-style cabaret scene.
They ruled it was ‘sexually provocative' and ‘objectified the dancers by portraying them as sexual objects'.
On these grounds they concluded it was ‘therefore likely to cause serious or widespread offence' – even though it has been viewed 3.5million times on YouTube and received just one complaint.
The advert shows a customer and a salesman taking a Renault Clio super-mini for a test drive. When they stop at a junction the driver is told to ‘hit the Va Va Voom' button on the dashboard, a reference to the slogan long used to advertise the car.
At this, a stage backdrop of the Eiffel Tower is lowered and a Parisian street scene, complete with accordion music unfolds.
Then a group of scantily-clad cabaret dancers comes out and performs seductively in front of the car, with some slow-motion close-ups of their bodies.
As the effects of the button wear off, the customer says: ‘I don't know if I can drive now', and a billboard is revealed saying ‘Reignite your Va Va Voom'.
A similar advert featuring a female driver and a group of bare-chested, gyrating men, has been watched nearly a million times but received no complaints and is therefore free to continue to be aired, the ASA confirmed.
Renault denied the cabaret-style advert was ‘sexist' but said it respected the watchdog's decision and would comply with it by ‘censoring' the offending scenes.
Banned: The advert shows a customer taking a Renault Clio for a test-drive before being suddenly surrounded by a group of scantily-clad, gyrating burlesque cabaret dancers wearing stockings and suspenders and red lacy bras
Raunchy: The Advertising Standards Authority concluded the advert was 'likely to cause serious or widespread offence'
The new Renault Clio advert shows the car being surrounded by scantily-clad women after the driver presses a 'VA VA VOOM!' button on the dashboard
Intriguingly, an almost exact mirror-image version of the same advert - this time featuring a woman driver surrounded by a group of hunky, scantily clad, bare-chested and gyrating men as if in a scene from the Full Monty - received nearly a million online 'hits' but no complaints and is therefore free to continue to be aired unchanged, the ASA confirmed.
Renault denied the cabaret-style advert was 'sexist' but said it respected the watchdog's decision and would comply with it by 'censoring' the offending scenes.
However, given the number of viewers, it also believed the ruling to be lacking balance and proportionality and at odds with the view taken of the mirror image advert with gyrating male dancers.
The banned advert for a Renault Clio, famous for its 'Va Va Voom' catchphrase shows a man going to a car dealership to try out a new car and being given a test-drive by a salesman.
When they reach a junction, the salesman suggests it might be a good time to 'hit the Va Va Voom' button on the dashboard.
As soon as he does, the button brings to life a montage of French cliché scenes around the car - starting with a man and woman crossing the road stopping for a passionate embrace and kiss in the middle of the road, scooters, and a brief glimpse of Nicole and her Papa from an earlier generation of Clio adverts.
Curiously an almost exact mirror-image version of the same advert featuring a woman driver surrounded by a group of bare-chested men received no complaints
As the scenery changes from London to Paris, with the Eiffel Tower in the background and French accordion music playing, the customer is offered a baguette by a passing salesman as customers take their seats at a pop-up cafe - suggesting the 'Va Va Voom' button has transported them to Paris.
The driver says 'this is mental', then 'crikey' as the string of seven burlesque dancers wearing lacy red bras and black suspenders appear before his eyes performing a string of saucy routines.
The ASA ruling notes: 'A group of women then walked in front of the car, wearing burlesque style lingerie and danced in a line in front of the car before walking towards it and gyrating and dancing around it. One woman blew a kiss to the driver.
The women then walked away in unison and the screen was moved away to reveal a billboard poster which read "Reignite your Va Va Voom".'
BANNED IN THE UK: 5 TV ADS THAT HAVE FALLEN FOUL OF THE ASA
Last month an advert for web hosting company Dreamscape Networks which featured actress Pamela Anderson wearing a bikini and being covered in cream was banned for being sexist and degrading to women.
In May a Pay Day Loan advert featuring former bankrupt Kerry Katona was banned because it appeared to suggest that it was possible to afford a popstar's lifestyle by using the lender's services. An advert for Agent Provocateur lingerie which featured singer Kylie Minogue gyrating on a mechanical bull in her underwear was deemed too raunchy for TV in 2001 but later went on to win the best cinema advert award.
A Levis jeans advert that that featured a man holding a white cane in a bathroom pretending to be blind as a woman undresses in front of him was pulled off Britain's television screen in 1995.
One of the slapstick Tango 'Orange Man' adverts from 1991 featuring the memorable catchphrase 'You've been Tangoed' was banned after it sparked a playground craze with schoolchildren slapping each other around the ears.
As the effects of the 'Va Va Voom' button wear off, the customer says 'I don't know if I can drive now' as the car passes a billboard for a Renault Clio stating 'Reignite your Va Va Voom'.
The ASA upheld the sole complaint and banned the ad from being used again in its present form, stating: 'The ASA noted that Renault felt the female dancers were just one of the iconic Parisian scenes featured in the ad, which was intended to be a light-hearted parody.
'However, we considered that the length of the scene in question, along with the change in the music and the use of slow motion shots, meant it had a different tone to the rest of the ad.
'We accepted that the Moulin Rouge was associated with Paris and that a scene that referenced it could therefore have some relevance to the theme of the ad, if not to the product itself. '
But the watchdogs noted: 'However, we were concerned that the ad featured a number of shots of the women's breasts and bottoms, in which their heads were obscured, and which we considered invited viewers to view the women as sexual objects.
'We further considered that the choreography, dress and facial expressions of the dancers were sexually provocative and that the overall impression given was not necessarily that of a parody of a cabaret show such as the Moulin Rouge, particularly as the women were seen to approach the car and gyrate around it, rather than merely performing in front of it.
'We considered that the ad objectified the dancers by portraying them as sexual objects and that it was therefore likely to cause serious or widespread offence.'
It is not the first time Renault have received complaints about cheeky advertising. A 2003 campaign for the Megane car was banned from being shown before 7.30pm after receiving 139 complaints.
It featured a series of close-ups of men and women's bottoms to the tune of the Groove Armada song 'I See You Baby (Shaking That Ass).
That had followed their tremendously successful series of adverts featuring characters 'Papa' and 'Nicole' which ran between 1991 and 1998.
The verbal exchanges, which consisted of either 'Papa!' 'Nicole' or 'Nicole!' 'Papa' were adapted from the 1966 film How to Steal a Million starring Audrey Hepburn and Hugh Griffith asfather and daughter.
That “loving Jesus means hating gay people” is “proclaimed in Christian churches and on Christian television and radio broadcasts.”
So declares Dan Savage in his review of Jeff Chu's Does Jesus Really Love Me: A Gay Christian's Pilgrimage in Search of God in America—on page one of The New York Times Book Review.
Who is foremost among those who have made “anti-gay bigotry seem synonymous with Christianity”? The Family Research Council and the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
So says Savage. And who is he? A cradle Catholic who says he “was in church every Sunday for the first 15 years of my life. Now I spend my Sundays on my bike, on my snowboard or on my husband.”
One gets the point. And in handing this review to an apostate Catholic and atheist homosexual, the Times was nailing its anti-Catholic colors to the mast. Yet what Savage alleges and the Times published is a lie.
No true Catholic church can preach that Jesus hates gays. “Love your enemies” is the message of Christ. Hate the sin and love the sinner is taught as gospel truth in Catholic schools.
This has been Catholic doctrine for 2,000 years.
Yet in contending that America is reaching a “cultural tipping point,” Savage is not all wrong.
Undeniably, the Christian view, though mislabeled “homophobia,” alienates millions. Many of America's young have come to accept that homosexuality is a natural preference of a significant minority and ought to be accommodated, and same-sex unions ought to be treated as traditional marriages.
Case in point. At George Washington University, two students have demanded that Father Greg Shaffer of the Newman Center be removed for creating an environment hostile to gays.
The priest's offense: When Obama endorsed same-sex marriage, Shaffer posted a blog restating Catholic teaching condemning homosexual acts as unnatural and immoral. In private sessions, Father Shaffer also counseled gay students to remain celibate for the rest of their lives.
One senior, Damian Legacy, says he was shaken by Father Greg's admonition that he was risking his soul and by his ouster from the Newman Center after the priest learned he was in a relationship with a male student.
Legacy and his partner have filed complaints against the Rev. Shaffer with the university Office for Diversity and Inclusion, alleging his homophobia has had a detrimental effect on the emotional health of gay students. They are asking the Student Association to cut funding to the Newman Center.
Though a minor collision in the culture war, this clash at GW may be a harbinger of what is coming, as the homosexual community seeks to have its agenda written into law and fastened onto the nation.
For traditional Christianity's view that homosexual acts are immoral and same-sex marriage an absurdity cannot be reconciled with the view that homosexuality is natural and normal and gay marriage a human right.
The issue is pulling the Republican Party apart. It is pulling Christian communities apart. It is pulling the nation apart.
Like abortion, it is an issue on which both sides cannot be right. Yet it is an issue of paramount importance both to devout Christians and to the homosexual rights movement.
What happens if the gay-rights movement, as it appears it may, succeeds politically on same-sex marriage, but many Christians refuse to recognize such unions and continue to declare that American society has become ungodly and immoral?
Gay-rights advocates often compare their cause to the civil rights struggle of half a century ago. But there is a fundamental difference.
When Martin Luther King Jr. called on the nation to “live up to the meaning of its creed,” he heard an echo from a thousand pulpits. Treating black folks decently was consistent with what Christians had been taught. Dr. King was pushing against an open door.
Priests and pastors marched for civil rights. Others preached for civil rights. But if the gay-rights agenda is imposed, we could have priests and pastors preaching not acceptance but principled rejection.
Prelates could be declaring from pulpits everywhere that the triumph of gay rights is a defeat for God's Country, and the new laws are immoral and need neither be respected nor obeyed.
The issue is acceptance. We know of how America refused to accept Prohibition and, in good conscience, Americans broke the laws against the consumption of alcohol.
Imagine the situation in America today if priests and pastors were telling congregations they need not obey civil rights laws. They would be denounced as racists. Church tax exemptions would be in peril.
Something akin to this could be in the cards if the homosexual rights movement is victorious—a public rejection of the new laws by millions and a refusal by many to respect or obey them.
The culture war in America today may be seen as squabbles in a daycare center compared to what is coming. A new era of civil disobedience may be at hand.
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of “Suicide of a Superpower: Will America Survive to 2025?” Copyright 2012 Creators.com.
Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing
Just when you think air cooling has hit a plateau, and there is not much more that manufacturers can do, Cooler Master steps in and turns the market upside down. While there is some familiarity with the naming of this most recent submission that may make you think back to the V8 cooler they introduced a while back, rest assured this is nothing like that cooler aside from the fact that it also uses a shroud and offers LED lighting to dress up this design. Outside of those similarities, the cooler we are about to see is an entirely new beast.
In the spirit of the Maker Movement that Cooler Master seems to be very much involved with, they decided this time to make a cooler that is customizable so that each owner can make it unique to suit their particular needs. Of course, the primary structure is not mod-able, but that has not kept Cooler Master down in what they have brought forth. Firstly this is a single tower design, using a pair of fans to cool it, and is shipped in one of four creative options. To allow this sort of changeability, Cooler Master offers a pair of top cover plates that are interchangeable, and there is also the option to run without a cover to the shroud. Going just a bit deeper, there is also a dressed up insert that resides on the cooler out of the box, but it too can be removed as well for the fourth option in aesthetic appeal. They have also designed optional fan brackets that allow users to switch from the pair of 140mm fans that cool this tower and have the option to use 120mm fans instead.
This is a first in CPU air cooling for us. Of course, some coolers have come with shrouds and multiple fans but never have we seen such a modular design. The thing is, though; this is not the only thing that Cooler Master has offered here. While vapor chambers are nothing new to Cooler Master, they have redesigned how it plays into this design and are introducing their first cooler to use a 3D Vapor Chamber design. This leaves us with a ton to cover on this product and is an entirely new way of looking at what a CPU air cooler can be.
With this product being very hush-hush at the moment, Cooler Master was not offering a specifications chart, so we copied what we found on the packaging. Right out of the gate we see that the MasterAir Maker 8 will fit all of the relevant Intel and AMD sockets, going back as far as LGA775 and Socket AM2 plus. In this design, we find a copper 3D vapor chamber that works along with four 6mm diameter copper heat pipes. This is all then sent through a tall stack of aluminum fins to allow the fans to take away the heat produced from the CPU. Overall dimensions are 135mm by 145mm across the top, and we see that this 1350 gram monster stands 172mm in height. The actual heat sink is smaller than the overall dimensions, and without the shroud and fans, the cooler body weighs in at 785 grams.
To remove the heat from the fin stack, Cooler Master offers a pair of 140mm fans in a push-pull setup. These 25mm thick fans will spin in a range of 800 to 1600 RPM delivering up to 66CFM each. These are rated to last 160,000 hours delivering up to 2.2 mmH2O of static pressure and are rated to deliver only 24 dB(A) of noise at peak power. We also see the power draw of each fan along with their 130-gram weight. The last thing that we are offered in this chart is that Cooler Master backs the MasterAir Maker 8 with a five-year warranty.
Of course, with us bringing this cooler to you on its release date, we are unable to locate this cooler at the time of writing this up. We were told that availability should be ready for release, so many of the major haunts for PC gear should have this cooler listed very soon after reading this. There is a bit of a sticker shock associated with this design as well, but there is also more going on with this design that in anything we have seen previously, and all of that adds up. We were informed that Cooler Master has set the MSRP of the MasterAir Maker 8 at $129.99. Along with the cooler, they are also introducing Master Gel thermal paste at $19.99, but that portion will be tested at a later date to show what it is capable of. For now, we will deal solely with the MasterAir Maker 8 and everything you are getting for this high-end investment.
Point: Nothing goes perfectly: Continuously look to improve, learn, and be open and flexible
Very enjoyable and instructional read. Here is a leader who deals with life and death matters. It continues the theme of mindset and echoes the themes noted.
He speaks about both his strengths and weaknesses. He speaks about the successes and people he has had the honor of meeting and calling a friend, such as past presidents, English royalty, and other key political figures. But, he also speaks frankly about his Feb 2003 speech about Saddam Hussein and allegations of weapons of mass destruction.
The key learnings relate to Leadership and Mindset. I have set out some of the memorable points on leadership and mindset. And, I have noted his 5 lists, which he has developed and shared over his career:
A leader
a) sets the high standards and mutual respect, which will flow through the organization.
b) solves problems
c) takes responsibility for setting a plan and continues to adjust such plan based on new information
d) Good leaders set vision, missions, and goals. Great leaders inspire
A mindset
a) ensures a problem-solving attitude
b) teaches and exemplifies moral courage to speak out when standards are not being met
c) creates imaginative and creative folks with ideas and the ability to anticipate.
d) ensures that learning and improvement are the sole focus, not the unit's success or failure in the mission. It's not a blame game
e) ensures that evaluations should evolve into a system that asks, where do we need more training? How do we make our troops better and more skilled? What have we done right? What have we done wrong? The sole goal is to improve our performance
f) always gets over failure quickly. Learns from it, study how you contributed to it. If you are responsible for it, own up to it, and move on.
g) Understand that it isn't where you start in life that counts; it is where you end up. So believe in yourself, work hard, study hard, be your own role model, believe that anything is possible, and always do your best. Remember that your past is not necessarily your future.
Colin Powell's Lists
a) 13 rules: General life advice and how to survive
b) Intelligence gathering: Discerning fact from supposition
c) Mental Checklist: Advice before making a decision
d) Press interviews: Things to remember when speaking on the record
e) How to survive as my staff aide - or what not to do: Rules to live by to work for Colin
a) 13 rules
1) It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning.
2) Get mad, then get over it
3) Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position fall, you ego goes with it.
4) It can be done - It is more about your attitude than reality. Maybe it can't be done, but always start out believing you can get it done until facts and analysis pile up against it.
5) Be careful what you choose: you may get it
6) Don't let adverse facts stand in the way of a good decision. - Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
7) You can't make someone else's choices. You shouldn't let someone else make yours
8) Check small things
9) Share credit
10) Remain calm. Be kind
11) Have a vision. Be Demanding
12) Don't take counsel of your fears or naysayers
13) Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier
b) Intelligence gathering:
1. Tell me What you know: Means you are reasonably sure that your facts are corroborated. You know where they came from, and you can confirm them with multiple sources.
2. Tell me what you don't know
3. Then tell me what you think
4. Always distinguish which from which
5. Place carefully each in their proper box: facts, opinion, analysis, hunches, instinct
c) Mental checklist:
a) Does it make common sense? Take a deep breath, rub your eyes.
b) Does it fit in with everything else that is going on? Is there a context for this event?
c) How much time do I have to figure this out?
d) How can I confirm it?
e) What are the risks, costs, and opportunities lost if the report is true and we delay action?
f) What are the risks, costs, and missed opportunities if it is false and we act too quickly?
g) What are the stakes?
h) Time's up! Do something! Keep searching!
d) With respect to the press, remember:
a) They get to pick the questions. You get to pick the answer
b) You don't have to answer any questions you don't want to
c) Never lie or dissemble, of course; but beware of being too candid or open
d) Never answer hypothetical questions about the future
e) Never reveal the private advice you have given your superiors
f) Answers should be directed to the message you want readers/viewers to get. The interviewers are not your audience
g) They're doing their job you're doing yours but you're the only one at risk
h) Don't predict or speculate about future events
i) Beware slang or one-liners unless you are consciously trying to produce a sound bite
j) Don't wash dirty linen
k) Do not answer any question containing a premise you disagree with
l) Don't push yourself or be pushed into an answer you don't want to give
m) If trapped, be vague and mumble
n) Never cough or shift your feet
o) When there are second follow-up questions, you're in trouble - break right, apply power, gain altitude, or eject.
e) How to survive as my aide-or what not to do
1. Don't hesitate to ask me what to do if uncertain
2. Don't ever sign my name, or for me
3. Never use money on my behalf
4. Avoid "the general wants" syndrome-unless I really do
5. Provide feedback, but be tactful to those who ask-talks between you and me are private and confidential
6. Family has nothing to do with the office. Never interrupt with calls from family unless there's a crisis.
7. Never keep anybody waiting on the phone-call back
8. I like meeting generally uninterrupted. I ask a lot of questions. I like questions and debate.
9. I'm a people/phone junkie. I like to remain enormously accessible
10. I will develop ways of getting to know what's happening
11. Don't accept speaking engagements without my knowledge
12. Keep accurate calendars and records. And keep faithful track of calls and whom I have seen. I'll always return calls
13. I tend to get moody or preoccupied. I will snap, but that clears the air
14. Be punctual; don't waste my time
15. I prefer written information to oral: writing encourages discipline
16. I do lots of paperwork-and I like doing it
17. Make sure correspondence is excellent. No split infinitives
18. Never, never permit illegal or stupid actions
19. No surprises. I don't like to be blindsided. Bad news doesn't get any better with time. If there is a problem brewing, I want to know early-heads-up as soon as possible
20. Speak precisely. I often fudge for a reason. Don't over interpret what I say
21. Don't rush into decisions-Make them timely and correct
The Federal Communications Commission has decided not to appeal a recent court ruling that shot down its net neutrality restrictions and will instead write fresh regulations to keep ISPs in check, reports The Washington Post. The Post's Cecilia Kang says that the FCC plans to rewrite net neutrality rules under its authority granted by Section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996. Reuters, via CNBC, adds that the commission is still very interested in making sure ISPs can't discriminate against traffic for rivals' services but adds that it wants to make sure it does so in a way that doesn't get struck down by the courts.
The Wall Street Journal adds that the FCC plans to get its revised net neutrality regulations written and published by the late spring or early summer and that it's still considering whether it wants to reclassify broadband providers as common carriers. While the FCC has signaled that it would be reluctant to reclassify ISPs as common carriers in the past, the commission might want to keep that option open as a way to gain leverage over ISPs and make them more receptive to less restrictive measures. The cable and telecom industries have made clear that attempting to reclassify them would set off a public relations Armageddon against the FCC.
The FCC's original net neutrality restrictions were shot down by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia last month. The ruling was a major victory for telecom and cable companies who have fought all net neutrality restrictions vociferously for years.
UPDATE: Comcast executive vice president David Cohen has issued the following statement in response to the FCC's decision to rework net neutrality regulations: “Comcast supported the Commission's Open Internet Order as an appropriate balance of protection of consumer and business interests and we agreed in the NBCUniversal Transaction Order to abide by the Open Internet rules for seven years even if the rules were modified by the courts. With the direction announced today, FCC Chairman Wheeler has taken a thoughtful approach which creates a path for enforceable rules based on the appropriate authority outlined by the Court's findings. We continue to be committed to work with Chairman Wheeler and the Commission to play a constructive role going forward that will continue to allow the Internet to flourish.”
Sam Altman, CEO of Y Combinator @sama After 10 years of teaching startups to find product-market fit then grow like crazy, Y Combinator is finally following its own playbook.
When the famous Silicon Valley accelerator began in 2005, it was just that: a prestigious three month program known for pumping out 100 companies every batch.
It has spawned some of the current tech boom's biggest names, including Airbnb (worth over $25 billion as of its last round), Dropbox (worth $10 billion), Heroku (which Salesforce bought for over $200 million), and Reddit.
Yet, over the course of the past year, Y Combinator has transformed far beyond its roots. Sam Altman, who took over as CEO from founder Paul Graham in February 2014 and was recently promoted to president, has led its transformation. Under his leadership, it's launched a VC arm, a fellowship program, and a research lab.
It's all part of Altman's plan to make Y Combinator 10 times bigger than it is today.
"The batch size had doubled since I started. We were talking about how do we add another zero, go from 200 companies to 2,000," Altman said.
The first 10x
Y Combinator has done it before.
When Y Combinator started in 2005, founders Paul Graham, Jessica Livingston, Robert Morris, and Trevor Blackwell incubated the first batch in Cambridge, Massachusetts, before moving the program to Silicon Valley. Among the first companies was the social network Reddit, and Altman's own location-based mobile company Loopt.
The first batch of YC founders. Altman stands with his arms crossed next to Paul Graham in a yellow shirt. Paul Graham/Y Combinator
There were eight companies spawned from that batch.
The three-month incubator now produces around 100 new ones, twice a year
"Obviously we have not scaled in the way Facebook does, but the program now is rather unlike what was here in 2006, both in number of startups, but also the breadth of companies, the quality, and the amount we deliver," said Paul Buchheit, the creator of Gmail, who joined Y Combinator in 2010 and now runs the incubator, recently renamed Y Combinator Core.
To Graham, one of Y Combinator's founders, there's never been a limit. As for as how big it could grow, even a number that seems surprisingly high likely isn't that much of a reach.
"The number of startups is increasing. I've always thought Y Combinator would have to grow with it. Otherwise you have to turn down applicants you think will succeed. It's very hard to predict how big you'd have to grow to avoid having to do that," Graham told Business Insider in an email.
A fund to tackle bigger problems
For its first 10 years, Y Combinator (the startup version of itself) was fine-tuning its product. It leveraged its network of alumni through its own social network, aptly called "BookFace." It applied software along every step of the way, including to solve the problem of how to get investors to commit to funding its companies.
Y Combinator's first act came to an end when Graham passed the baton to Altman in 2014.
From the beginning, Altman wanted to bring more hardware and biotech companies to Y Combinator. These are capital-intensive ventures, like re-imagining nuclear energy or solving cancer through new testing — not your typical growth hacking or VC-subsidized coupon for a free massage on demand.
He soon learned their needs were different. The timeline is much longer and more capital intensive. A social app can go viral overnight, but changing America's energy resources takes a different approach.
For nearly five months, Altman talked to potential investors (limited partners) and tried to figure out how to support these kinds of companies. He ruled out a debt vehicle, or a fund that would invest in early stage companies or non-Y Combinator companies.
Instead, Y Combinator decided to expand its scope with a new VC fund that would focus on later stage companies that had graduated from the original incubator program. It was a bold move, putting Y Combinator into more direct competition with traditional VC firms who often invested in its companies.
By April 2015, the Continuity Fund, as it would be named, started to take shape, but it was still missing a leader.
Altman didn't want a traditional late stage venture capitalist. Instead he looked at the the Y Combinator community and picked Ali Rowghani, who had joined the company in 2014 as a part-time partner after stints as chief operating officer and CFO at Twitter and CFO at Pixar.
cableshow/flickr
"It kind of came out of the blue a little bit. It wasn't something we had been talking about or something that we had been planning on, or even at that point something that I wanted to do," Rowghani told Business Insider.
Working with startups had been a fun diversion for Rowghani as he pondered his next career moves.
"I didn't join Y Combinator one day to one day lead their growth investing," he admits.
When Altman asked him over sushi, he was still hesitant. But Altman convinced him by telling him his work had been exactly what these startups needed as they moved into later states. Plus, he could use his operating knowledge to help these companies grow to a larger company, like Twitter or Pixar.
"By that point, I was just so impressed by Y Combinator as a platform. I just saw it as so unique, so differentiated," Rowghani said.
Splitting the program to deal with growing pains
There was another issue to tackle. Y Combinator had become a victim of its own popularity.
The incubator had seen demand double in the fall of 2014. Altman taught a class at Stanford, which reached entrepreneurs far outside the hallowed campus halls.
"Of all the single things we've done for recruitment, that class has been the best," Altman said. "Our application rate basically doubled after the class."
However, Y Combinator's accelerator program demanded a lot from founders. They had to move for three months to the Mountain View campus in the middle of Silicon Valley. For founders with an idea but no money, sitting in some place like rural Pakistan, there had to be a better option.
"Let's say we have 600 founders in a year, and there's 7 billion people in the world. I think we're reaching just a tiny fraction of the talent that's out there," Buchheit said.
But he adds, "your brain would melt" if a demo day — the showcase where startups present ideas to investors — lasted two weeks instead of two days to cover increased number of companies.
At the same time, Y Combinator was worried that it was missing out on the next Facebook. The main accelerator had started to see more companies that were already functioning, instead of the "two people with an idea" companies that characterized its early years.
"That's something that we worry about because historically companies like Facebook or Microsoft start off in a pretty primitive state. Obviously we're worried about missing those companies," Buchheit says.
Flickr/Robert Scoble
To discuss next steps, Y Combinator's leadership gathered at a campsite in the redwoods, two and a half hours north of San Francisco.
The solution: A separate early-stage fellowship that didn't require the same in-person commitment as the original program.
A month after the camping trip, Y Combinator announced its inaugural fellowship class, led by Kevin Hale. The shorter eight-week program required founders to devote themselves entirely to proofing their ideas and find a product market fit.
The original program, now called Y Combinator Core, continues under the leadership of Paul Buchheit. Now, Altman is focused on the bigger picture — and for the first time since he took over, advising startups in the class.
Altman is watching the split carefully. Some founders have been confused if they should apply to Y Combinator Fellowship or the Core. The leadership decided to change the applications to avoid confusion, and Altman has already noticed a lot fewer emails as entrepreneurs begin to understand who they should be reaching out to.
"As long as we can keep the mean quality per company improving all the time, then more companies is better," Altman said.
One more arm: a research program
Even after all that, Altman believed there was more Y Combinator could do to help the startup ecosystem, and that's how Altman ended up sitting on stage with Elon Musk at the Vanity Fair Summit in San Francisco last October introducing a new project: Y Combinator Research.
Its first research nonprofit is Open AI, or researching how AI can grow without presenting a threat. Another research area that the group wants to tackle is basic income.
Elon Musk with Sam Altman at Vanity Fair's New Establishment Summit Getty Images
It's a pet project for sure of Altman's and one that he's now devoting half a day to every week.
"We always view of our mission at Y Combinator as enabling innovation. And mostly that's meant funding startups. but if there's something outside of that and it fits our mission, then we will still do it," Altman said.
A week after Y Combinator Research was announced, the Continuity Fund formally launched. The name Y Combinator had gone from meaning one accelerator (with a side project running Hacker News) to five different entities.
Y Combinator had reached its Alphabet moment. But unlike Google, which changed its name to Alphabet when it upheaved its corporate structure, Altman decided to keep the name.
"I thought about it briefly. I like the name Y Combinator. I think it's meaning is very good for what we do, and I think it still fits that meaning. In the way Y Combinator is a function that starts other functions, we are a company that starts other companies," Altman said.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has quietly developed a new way to measure its success in the war on terror: counting the number of terror threats it has “disrupted” in a year.
But good luck trying to figure out what that number means, how it was derived, or why it doesn't jibe with any other law enforcement statistic, most notably, the number of terror suspects actually charged or arrested.
In the section on “Performance Measures” in the FBI's latest financial statement, the bureau reports 440 “terror disruptions” in the 12-month period ending on September 30, 2015. That's compared to 214 in fiscal year 2014. And it's more than three times the 2015 “target” of 125.
In a vacuum, that would appear to suggest that the FBI's terror-fighting mission — which sucked up $5.3 billion, or 54 percent of the bureau's $9.8 billion budget in 2015 — is exceeding expectations.
But that number — 440 — is much higher than the number of arrests reported by the FBI. The Washington Post counted about 60 terror-related arrests in 2015; a study by George Washington University found 71 arrests related to the Islamic State from March 2014 to the end of 2015.
Of those arrests, many were of people trying to travel abroad or trying to help others do so. Many more involved people planning attacks that were essentially imaginary, often goaded by FBI informants.
And according to a document from the Department of Homeland Security obtained by The Intercept in November, there was only one genuinely “foiled attack” in the United States between January 2014 and September 2015. And that one, involving would-be shooters in Garland, Texas, targeting a cartoon-drawing event inspired by the Prophet Muhammad, was stopped by the local police department.
The FBI didn't respond to emails asking basic questions such as what qualifies as a disruption, why the number is so much higher than the bureau's recorded arrests, or how it comes up with its annual “target.”
In a January 2015 Performance Report, Justice Department officials explained that the “targets reflect the number of expected disruptions based on the estimated threat, yet account for potential fluctuations.”
The officials acknowledged that “disruptions can be a challenge to quantify for future years” because the number of potential plots is “outside of FBI control.” Nevertheless, they wrote: “Based on past data trends, coupled with current and emerging threat pictures, the FBI expects to achieve its FY 2015 and FY 2016 targets.”
A strange way to provide transparency
The “terrorism threat disruptions” metric is a relatively new arbiter of success for the FBI. In a 2013 Department of Justice document about strategic goals, fighting terrorism is identified as Strategic Goal 1, and “number of terrorism disruptions” is Strategic Objective 1.1.
“To provide transparency to its work in the area of counterterrorism, the Department will disclose a key statistic: the number of terrorism disruptions,” the department announced.
But the definition was vague: “A disruption is defined as interrupting or inhibiting a threat actor from engaging in criminal or national security related activity. A disruption is the result of direct actions and may include but is not limited to the arrest; seizure of assets; or impairing the operational capabilities of key threat actors.”
And the department's idea of transparency was problematic. Because the FBI's “operational priorities are classified,” the document noted, “it is only possible to report aggregate data that lacks significant detail.”
Experts interviewed by The Intercept suggested two possible explanations for the high number of terror disruptions.
Gold stars
One possibility, they said, is that the number is just a subjective way to make people at the FBI look good, or to rationalize the cost.
“This is how the whole career system works in the FBI — statistics, performance,” said Coleen Rowley, a former FBI agent and whistleblower. Individuals use statistics to advance their careers, and the agency, in turn, uses them to justify its budget, she said. “In the agency, this is the way to advance.”
The fact that the agency establishes a target for terrorism disruptions is also troubling, said Michael German, a former FBI agent and fellow with the Brennan Center for Justice. “That the FBI actually sets a performance goal stating the specific number of terrorist disruptions it wants to accomplish over the year would seem to create an incentive to gin up cases where no real threat might exist.”
And if the number is inflated, it wouldn't be the first time the Department of Justice or the FBI had been criticized for inaccurately estimating the impact of their counterterrorism efforts.
In 2007, an inspector general investigation found that the entire Department of Justice — the FBI included — had messed up its bookkeeping efforts on terrorism. The FBI mistakenly included marriage fraud, immigration cases, and others in their records of anti-terror cases.
And in 2013, Inspector General Michael E. Horowitz called out the office that oversees U.S. attorney's offices for shoddy reporting that significantly overstated the number of terrorism convictions, counting cases that actually dealt with narcotics or money laundering or including defendants who had their charges dismissed.
“These inaccuracies are important in part because DOJ management and Congress need accurate terrorism-related statistics to make informed operational and budgetary decisions,” Horowitz said in a statement accompanying the 2013 report.
Easier to disrupt than arrest
Another possible explanation for such a big number, however, is that it accurately reflects a new FBI approach to fighting terror that is occurring outside of public view — where the bureau decides someone is a threat and disrupts his or her life in some way that isn't nearly as subject to oversight and accountability as an indictment or an arrest.
“I'm sensing a significant change in counterterrorism policy in the U.S., where we've gone from ‘watch and report,' to ‘let's just disrupt them any way we can,'” David Gomez, a former FBI agent and profiler, as well as a former LAPD officer, told The Intercept. “This has cut short the way the FBI does long-term investigations. … They're not doing that anymore.”
The FBI has indeed been going through some changes.
As a 2013 Congressional Research Service report explains, “Since the September 11, 2001 (9/11) attacks, the FBI has implemented a series of reforms intended to transform itself from a largely reactive law enforcement agency focused on investigations of criminal activity into a more proactive, agile, flexible, and intelligence-driven agency that can prevent acts of terrorism.”
This has led law enforcement agencies to use aggressive, proactive techniques to catch potential terrorists before a crime is committed. According to the CRS report, one technique is the “Al Capone” approach — putting people in jail for a minor crime rather than sticking around and waiting for evidence of a serious violent threat.
Another method is the informant, or “agent provocateur,” who starts communicating with potential suspects, goading them into committing an act of terrorism in order to catch them in the act.
“Where the person targeted really is a terrorist, that might make sense,” said German. “But often when evidence that a person is a terrorist is lacking — that's because he isn't a terrorist.”
German, in an email, asked: “Has the FBI secretly prevented people from getting jobs, hazmat licenses, gun permits, security clearances, or barred their travel where no charges were brought, providing no opportunity for them to challenge the accusations against them or prove their innocence? And then chalked that up as a successful ‘disruption' so they would get a pat on the back and more resources from Congress, regardless of whether the person was actually guilty?”
A 2009 FBI document obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union explicitly allows field offices to engage in “disruption strategies” at the conclusion of a terror assessment or investigation, after “all significant intelligence has been collected, and/or the threat is otherwise resolved.” Disruption strategy involves “a range of tools including arrests, interviews, or source-directed operations to effectively disrupt subject's activities.”
“The FBI's overbroad and aggressive use of its investigative and surveillance powers, and its willingness to employ ‘disruption strategies' against subjects not charged with crimes can have serious, adverse impacts on innocent Americans,” the ACLU concluded.
“Being placed under investigation creates an intense psychological, and often financial, burden on the people under the microscope and their families, even when they are never charged with a crime,” it continued. “All the more so when a heinous crime like terrorism is alleged, and when the investigators are convinced the subject of their investigation is guilty but they just don't have the evidence necessary for arrest.”
The Congressional Research Service report noted that such methods are reminiscent of the FBI under J. Edgar Hoover, and particularly the COINTELPRO program, which engaged in “preventive, covert, intelligence-based efforts to target and contain people, groups, or movements suspected by the Bureau to be ‘rabble rousers,' ‘agitators,' ‘key activists,' or ‘key black extremists.'” The FBI “relied on illegal means to curb constitutionally protected activity it deemed threatening to national security.”
The goal of “disruption” has typically been reserved for FBI agents pursuing people like drug traffickers — where “impeding the normal and effective operation of the targeted organization, as indicated by changes in the organizational leadership and/or changes in methods of operation,” counts as disruption.
But that standard doesn't really apply to the “lone wolves” or small groups that make up most of the FBI's terror suspects.
Great expectations
The FBI is under a lot of pressure these days — charged with preventing every possible terrorist attack before it happens, while withstanding public scrutiny of its methods.
Gomez, the former FBI agent, cuts the bureau some slack. “As a policeman, we used to have a saying about local drug dealers — we put them in jail for everything, use of heroin, a misdemeanor,” Gomez said. “They're doing life in prison 60 days at a time.”
The FBI is “going to be under severe criticism” one way or the other, he said. “You can't win.”
Rowley, though critical of the strategy, said she was also sympathetic. “It's a bad position of, oh, you better prevent every act of terrorism,” she said.
It's not fair, cries every child. “Life's not fair,” retorts every parent. Both sides then wrestle with the crooked timber of mankind to decide who gets the first piece of cake. The purpose of politics is to help them, to minimise unfairness and to fashion a path to compromise.
September's Scottish independence referendum is coming to seem anything but definitive. It was not the final answer to a question, rather a stage in a process. That process is clearly one of ever greater separation for the component parts of the United Kingdom, a separation that was obvious from the day in 1921 when Ireland began to dismantle the “first British empire”. It did so not because Irish people really wanted it, but because the London government was so incompetent at regional autonomy.
It still is. This week the leader of the Commons, William Hague, picked over the referendum battlefield. He found many a blood-stained promise, torn concession and mutilated pledge. David Cameron had promised the Scots “a vow” of devolved powers with unlimited subsidy. The Scots accepted the bribe and deserted the field.
The prime minister then made the most inept of interventions. Despite pleadings from fellow unionist campaigners, he promised angry English Tory MPs that he would grant them balancing powers in the matter of English legislation. “Now the millions of voices of England must be heard,” he said. It was unfair that Scottish politicians should control their own services while expecting English taxpayers to finance them, while remaining free to vote on English services. If English MPs were to be “second class” in Scotland, why should Scottish MPs not be as such in England?
Cameron's argument was fair but its timing was crazy. It seemed to jeer at the yes campaigners when they were still smarting from defeat. Scotland had indeed got away with constitutional murder. Having sought independence and won enhanced autonomy, they still wanted all the goodies of union. They wanted the full Barnett formula subsidy and legislative power to influence England's domestic administration and budget. But this is what Cameron had promised, with no mention of strings attached to make it palatable to English Tories.
Cameron thus got the worst of all worlds. Neither Labour nor the Liberal Democrats have been ready to sign up to Hague's “English votes” proposals. As a result, Cameron has had to back down on linking this “in tandem” with the recent Smith commission proposals on fiscal devolution, and may have a Tory revolt on his hands. He has snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.
Relations between Scotland and England will never settle until an agreed constitutional autonomy – “devo max” or “indie-lite” – is formally in place. All big countries are federations of some sort. The sharing of power between the centre and semi-detached provinces is always contentious. Ask the Sicilians, the Catalans, the Montenegrins, the Corsicans, the Québécois. Sometimes argument leads to civil war, sometimes to partition. Sensible countries forestall this by summoning their wise and good to rebuild their constitutions.
The inept way in which London has handled Scottish aspirations in the quarter century since the poll tax is what brought about the present crisis. It repeated London's response to Irish nationalism in the 19th century. The referendum has now led to an undignified search for some Scottish “tax-raising” powers (the Smith commission), and in return Hague's impenetrable options for qualified Commons voting. The Tories are desperate to have Scots MPs out of their hair, for fear of Ukip. Labour wants the opposite, for fear of conceding seats to the SNP and losing a possible future Commons majority. The result is stalemate.
The destination of all this is clearer than the means of getting there. Some independence under the crown will one day be granted to Scotland. There are many models for this, but all demand a sincere curb on central power. Texan congressmen do not tell Coloradans how to run their drug laws. Madrid politicians do not fix Basque tax rates. Near-autonomous Greenland has just two members of Denmark's Folketing, and in 1985 unilaterally withdrew from the EEC. Get these things right and all is well. Get them wrong and you have a Bosnia or a Kosovo.
At the root of such devolution lies fiscal responsibility, the path down which the Scots are now tentatively being led. It is absurd that this should not mean reduced representation in the UK parliament. The Hague plan for 59 Scottish MPs to continue wandering round Westminster is like a parliamentary dock-work labour scheme, MPs paid to do nothing. As a halfway house to autonomy, a shrewd SNP would volunteer to slash by two-thirds Scottish members at Westminster. It would lance the boil of the West Lothian question by making it unlikely that Scots would ever “swing” a vote on English laws.
Meanwhile the rest of the UK stumbles chaotically down much the same road. The Greater Manchester devolution plan is emerging as distinct from the “city deals” negotiated by the business minister, Greg Clark. Wales is in modest turmoil over how many new powers should be granted to Cardiff. Over-governed Northern Ireland is finally seeing its power-sharing executive, sustained by lavish London subsidies, lurch towards collapse.
No other democracy would approach constitutional reform this shambolic way. Enthusiasts should read of the framers of America's 1787 constitution – for a country with roughly the population of today's Scotland. The revolutionary articles of confederation led to a “committee of the whole”, then a splendidly named Great Compromise before passing on to a “committee on detail”. In comparison, Tuesday's debate on devolution was a bar-room brawl. America's constitution may have needed much reform, but its drafters recognised the nobility of their task. They knew it was a compromise that should embody the character of the nation.
British politicians have come to hate royal commissions. They think they diminish their own discretion and status. They are right, which is why a commission on the constitution is now so urgent. All of Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and the regions, cities and counties of England may not be ready for full or even partial autonomy. But their ambition for more self-rule is real. They deserve more consideration than they are getting from today's dumbed-down London parliament. The way it is going, the union is doomed.
While critics hammer the Rockets for benching Jeremy Lin, the numbers paint an entirely different picture: Patrick Beverley is the best fit as the starter.
The five most-watched videos ever on ClutchFans are as follows: Three Jeremy Lin highlights, a Jeremy Lin interview and a clip of Patrick Beverley being thrown to the floor.
So trust me when I say I know what many fans want to hear. I know how easy it would be right now to be that pageview-pushing troll who writes that Kevin McHale has an irrational dislike of Jeremy Lin and is killing a championship team because of it.
Unfortunately I can't do that, because it's just not true.
Jeremy Lin should not start for the Houston Rockets. That job belongs to Patrick Beverley right now, and frankly, it's not even a close call anymore.
When Beverley went down with a fractured hand in December, expected to be out four to six weeks, it gave Jeremy Lin the perfect opportunity to show he was the right fit in the starting lineup. After all, the criticism coming from some of Lin's fans was that there was no way of knowing how Lin would do in the same position, if given the same starting opportunity.
First, we have to understand what makes up the starting lineup. James Harden, Dwight Howard and Chandler Parsons are absolute locks. The Rockets are thin at power forward options, but Terrence Jones has emerged and is developing rapidly. He has been the starter for over two months and, barring trade, that's not going to change anytime soon.
So that's the gig in Houston: The point guard that maximizes and complements this starting core is the one that should start.
Take a look at how those four have done with Beverley compared to with Lin. The results so far show that the Rockets were right all along to start Patrick out of the gate this season.
Keep in mind, this is only the data with those players, so last night's incredible +26 performance from Beverley — a game where it was blatantly obvious the kind of impact he has on this team — doesn't even factor in since Terrence Jones didn't play.
What this shows us is that per 100 possessions, Houston's starting core with Beverley outproduces opponents by nearly nine points more than the same four players with Jeremy Lin. In fact, the Beverley lineup has the third-highest Net Rating in the NBA among lineups that have logged 200 or more minutes, trailing only the starting lineups for the Warriors and Pacers. Not only are the Rockets better defensively with Beverley, they have outproduced the Lin-led lineup on offense as well. Why? Because the Rockets move the ball better, rebound better, shoot better and turn the ball over less.
“Patrick gives you a point of attack defender that can get up and get into people, change them, make them go different directions and that's really important,” said McHale. “And Patrick has got a little bit of a swagger to him. He kind of walks out there on the floor like he's ready to go every single night, and you need that.”
Furthermore, Jeremy Lin's individual play off the bench behind Harden and Beverley has been much more efficient compared to when he starts at point guard alongside Harden.
In 17 games as a starter next to Houston's star two guard, Lin is shooting 43.5% and just 28.6% from three for 12.9 points a night in 32.9 minutes. Coming off the bench? Lin is hitting 48.9% from the field and 34.4% from three for 12.6 points per game in 27.1 minutes. That's essentially the same point total in nearly six minutes less a night.
“One of the challenges with our starting lineup is, with James and Dwight and others in that lineup, it's hard for (Jeremy) to be in full attack mode and that's when we think he's at his best,” said Rockets GM Daryl Morey on SportsTalk 790 last week.
In other words, Beverley is the better fit as the starter. Lin is the better fit as the Sixth Man.
Why do the critics insist the Rockets start an inferior five-man lineup? That's a good question.
Granted, this article won't stop some of Lin's fanatics from continuing to claim that the Rockets have it in for one Jeremy Lin. Just understand they're wrong. Dead wrong. Because McHale starting Beverley over Lin isn't bias or hate.
It's just math.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
It's been an eventful week in Dexter news, between the reported salary negotiations between Showtime and Michael C. Hall, and the continuation of the show's astonishingly consistent year-over-year audience growth. It seems clear at this point that Dexter certainly isn't going to end any time soon, and pending the outcome of the negotiations, I wouldn't be surprised to see a two or even three-season pick-up announced soon. If that's the case, the writers of Dexter don't need to start putting pieces in place for the end game, they need to figure out a new end game and veer the writing in that direction.
Advertisement
For a show about an anti-hero concealing his double life from those closest to him, Dexter has really prolonged those people finding out, far past the point of audience frustration. I saw a lot of comments on last week's write-up comparing Dexter to Breaking Bad, and it's a fair comparison, but the stakes are far higher for Dexter. He's not just a drug manufacturer, after all; he's killed, what, at least a hundred people by now? Having the people in Dexter's life, almost every one of them law enforcement, find out about him isn't a card to be played lightly. But to prolong the inevitable reveal indefinitely drags down every aspect of the show. It makes every season a closed loop, forcing the writers to totally ignore such would-be game-changers as Deb finding out Dex is the Ice Truck Killer's brother, Rita's murder, or Liddy's photos of Dexter and Lumen disposing of a body.
Further, it undermines the supporting characters. To riff on the comparison, Skyler White was introduced as a stay-at-home mom, but a superlatively sharp and observant one. If at this point she still didn't know what was going on with Walt, I'd have to assume she wasn't as sharp and observant as I originally thought. Similarly, either the homicide detectives of Miami Metro are smart, cunning detectives, or they aren't, and the more time passes without anyone drawing conclusions that an average Nancy Grace viewer would, I have to doubt their competence.
I'd venture to guess that when Dexter first began, it was envisioned as a four, maybe five-season story much like Breaking Bad. But if Dexter isn't concluding this season (or next), then this can't continue to be a show about the care and feeding of a double life, it has to become a show about what happens when Dexter's Dark Passenger is brought to light. "Once Upon A Time," which felt almost like a second run at a season premiere, made some moves that could theoretically get Dexter closer to becoming that show.
Advertisement
Miami Metro is still investigating the bizarre murder of Omar Rivera, leading them to bring in Brother Sam, a murderer freed on a technicality who has since found God and runs a body shop employing other ex-cons. Mos Def's performance added a jolt of electricity that was missing last week, and better still, provided the show a better angle on spirituality than was laid out in the premiere. The idea of Dexter grappling with faith bothers me, but redemption is a much better tack to take. He's intrigued by someone like Brother Sam who doesn't have to hide his dark side anymore, because he battles it publicly rather than privately. I'm far more interested in Brother Sam than I am in Travis and Father Olmos at this point. While most of that has to do with the fact that their actions and motivations are still a mystery, I'm concerned about the thematic redundancy between these two threads. In the premiere, I did enjoy the fact that for the first time the audience gets to see what Dexter's eventual foes are up to before Dexter is even aware of them. But as soon as Brother Sam was introduced, it felt almost jarring to return to the scenes of Travis and Father Olmos, especially since they weren't given anything as interesting to do as replacing a guy's intestines with baby snakes.
Now let's get to Deb, because I'm excited about discussing a storyline that will surely polarize fans of the show. After the footage of Deb taking down the restaurant shooter goes viral and amasses an improbable half-million YouTube views, Matthews promotes her to lieutenant, for no other reason really than to stick it to LaGuerta. While I'm nervous about the execution, the idea of Lieutenant Debra Morgan is a solid one. It creates new emotional dynamics between the supporting characters, all of whom are always a hairbreadth away from becoming completely superfluous, and it raises the stakes for Dexter and Deb's relationship.
One of my all-time favorite Dexter scenes came in season two, when Dexter briefly considered confessing to Deb that he was the Bay Harbor Butcher, prompting a darkly funny montage of Deb's possible reactions. As Dexter and Deb sat at his couch drinking beers and trying to wrap their brains around the promotion, I thought back to that scene and wondered how it might play out with Deb as the department lieutenant rather than an up-and-coming detective. The higher Deb ascends, the more precarious her situation with regard to Dexter becomes.
Advertisement
This provides the opportunity, at least, for Dexter to move into Breaking Bad territory, where there are straight lines drawn between the protagonist's actions and the pain and suffering those actions cause to the people around him. Dexter's behavior is always cast as a righteous and moral crusade, and it's been since Doakes died in season two since the audience got to see Dexter's actions through the eyes of someone who doesn't identify with his darkness. Of course, it's just as possible that Batista's little sister will keep saying "It's so weird how Dexter comes and goes at odd hours!" causing Batista to become suspicious, which Debra will write off as sour grapes over his not getting the promotion. If Dexter is to remain compelling for the subsequent seasons that are probably in store, this season, which is the closest thing yet to a full-blown reboot, has to set that agenda.
Stray observations:
I found the voiceover particularly intrusive this week, especially when during the confrontation at the garage. I could read that scene without Dex explaining every beat.
I'd assume the Brea Grant fans won't be jumping ship any time soon, based on the swivel chair scene.
I hope the redemption theme continues to loom large, since it seems Dexter has all but forgotten killing Oscar Prado in season 3 and the creepy photographer in season 4, two people just as “innocent” as the victims of Brother Sam or anyone else he's stalked.
I wonder what the plan for LaGuerta is this season. Her promotion has effectively sidelined her (no complaints here) but that can't last forever.
How important is a kill-of-the-week for Dexter fans? I'd argue that by this point, there's no need to shoehorn in a kill in every episode.
For someone who knows nothing about religion, Dex sure is quick on his feet with religiously-themed quips.
Photo by: Provided James Watson
Submit your Letter to the Editor here
URBANA — Faculty objections have prompted the University of Illinois' Carl Woese Institute for Genomic Biology to drop plans for a talk next month by Nobel Laureate James Watson, who co-discovered the structure of DNA but has been castigated by fellow scientists for his discredited views on race and intelligence.
Watson had initially reached out to the UI institute to give a "narrowly focused scientific talk" about his cancer research in conjunction with a planned visit to a colleague's lab, institute Director Gene Robinson said Tuesday.
"We considered that carefully and decided to make plans to hold that lecture," Robinson said.
But when he announced the plans via email to colleagues at the institute, several professors raised objections — including on Twitter — and the lecture was canceled.
No date had been set for the lecture as "plans were just taking shape," he said.
Robinson said he wasn't surprised by the reaction.
"We tried to consider this very carefully in going forward, and different perspectives on the possibilities of him giving a science-based lecture," he said. "With respect to his past, the email that I sent out stated very clearly that we didn't condone any of his past comments, racist comments and sexist comments. And we noted that he had apologized and thought about all those very carefully.
"In hearing the faculty's concerns, we decided that the right thing to do was not to have the lecture," Robinson said.
The Chicago-born Watson, 89, is a molecular biologist and geneticist who in 1953 discovered the double-helix structure of the genetic material DNA along with Francis Crick and Rosalind Franklin. It was described by some as the most important scientific discovery of the 20th century, and Watson and Crick later shared the 1962 Nobel Prize in physiology. (Franklin died in 1958 and was therefore ineligible.)
But he has a history of racially insensitive comments — most notably during a book tour in 2007, when he told the Sunday Times of London that he was "inherently gloomy about the prospect of Africa" because "all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours — whereas all the testing says not really." He also said people who "have to deal with black employees find this not to be true."
The director of the National Institutes of Health, where Watson ran the Human Genome Project for years, called his comments "wrong from every point of view — not the least of which is that they are completely inconsistent with the body of research literature in this area," according to news reports.
Watson apologized, saying he didn't mean to characterize Africans as genetically inferior and that he was referring to geographically separated populations evolving differently. But he was suspended and later resigned from his post as longtime chancellor of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York, though he retains ties to the lab.
'Why that's a bad idea'
UI Professor Kate Clancy, who studies biological anthropology, learned of the UI's plans for Watson's talk from a colleague and emailed Robinson immediately, asking "when and where to organize a protest."
She also began tweeting her opposition.
So James "not a racist in a conventional way" Watson invited himself to give a talk at @IGBIllinois. Here's why that's a bad idea. — Nasty Kate Clancy (@KateClancy) May 16, 2017
"So James 'not a racist in a conventional way' Watson invited himself to give a talk at @IGBIllinois. Here's why that's a bad idea," she tweeted, linking to two articles about Watson's controversial statements.
@IGBIllinois @laurahelmuth I am ashamed to be faculty at @Illinois_Alma if they support @IGBIllinois's upcoming talk, and plan to organize against it. — Nasty Kate Clancy (@KateClancy) May 16, 2017
"I am ashamed to be faculty at @Illinois_Alma if they support @IGBIllinois's upcoming talk, and plan to organize against it," she tweeted.
@KateClancy thank you for making your concerns known. IGB takes these matters very seriously, and in light we have cancelled the lecture. — Genomic Biology (@IGBIllinois) May 16, 2017
Within an hour, the institute tweeted a response: "Thank you for making your concerns known. IGB takes these matters very seriously, and in light we have cancelled the lecture."
Robinson also wrote to Clancy, saying the lecture had been dropped.
Clancy said Watson, who also sold his Nobel Prize medallion a few years ago, "didn't apologize for everything," such as failing to credit Franklin for her work on DNA. In other speeches and interviews, Watson has said that thin people are more ambitious than fat people, that women scientists make it "more fun for the men" but are "probably less effective," and that genetic screening and engineering could be used as a potential cure for "stupidity."
"This is a guy who has a lot to be apologetic for. He does not really deserve a pre-eminent public university like ours sponsoring him for any sort of talk," she said.
'Tough call either way'
Robinson said free speech is a concern, but "I really respect the perspectives of the faculty who raised the concern. It was a tough call either way."
In his initial email, Robinson had invited faculty members to share any concerns about the upcoming talk.
"Given Dr. Watson's monumental contributions to science, we plan to host his talk in June," he wrote. "However, as many of you may well be aware, Dr. Watson does bring with him a history of controversial comments concerning such topics as race and gender. If you have any reservations and would like to discuss them with me, please know that I am available and willing to engage.
"We support Dr. Watson for his discovery and work, and believe that his remorse and subsequent apology to those groups he spoke against are genuine, but the IGB's stance is unchanged — we do not condone discrimination of any form, and the respect that we give to each individual in our community is paramount."
This photo provided by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice shows Genene Jones. Authorities said Friday, May 26, 2017, that Jones, a Texas nurse who is in prison for the 1984 killing of a toddler and who faces new charges in the 1981 death of an infant is suspected of killing as many as 60 young children who were in her care around that time.
A Texas nurse who is in prison for the 1982 killing of a toddler has been charged with murder in the death of an infant a year earlier, and authorities said Friday that they think she may have killed up to 60 young children around that time.
Genene Jones, 66, is serving concurrent 99-year and 60-year sentences at a Gatesville prison for the 1982 killing of 15-month-old Chelsea McClelland and the sickening of a 4-week-old boy who survived. The girl was given a fatal injection of a muscle relaxant and the boy received a large injection of a blood thinner.
Jones was due to be freed next March under a mandatory release law that was in place when she was convicted. But on Thursday, the Bexar County district attorney's office announced that she has been charged in the 1981 death of 11-month-old Joshua Sawyer, who investigators say died of a fatal overdose of an anti-seizure drug, Dilantin.
During Jones' time working in hospitals and clinics in San Antonio and elsewhere in Texas, children died of unexplained seizures and other complications.
S. Carolina Pediatrician Stops Taking Unvaccinated Patients
A South Carolina pediatrics office is turning away unvaccinated patients, citing the health and safety of other immunocompromised children who are in danger of catching contagious diseases in the waiting room. Parents say their choices for their unvaccinated children are shrinking. (Published Tuesday, Feb. 26, 2019)
At a news conference Friday in San Antonio, District Attorney Nico LaHood said investigators believe Jones may have killed some or all of those children because they died under unusual circumstances during or shortly after her shifts.
"She's been suspected in dozens of infant deaths and she's only been held accountable in one," he said.
It's not clear why Jones' actions, involving so many suspected victims, were not detected earlier. But Sam Millsap, a previous district attorney in Bexar County, told KSAT-TV in 2013 that medical records at the San Antonio hospital at one point were accidently destroyed, hampering efforts by investigators to prove their suspicions.
Chelsea McClelland died after receiving an injection at a clinic in Kerrville, northwest of San Antonio, and prosecutors at Jones' 1984 murder trial said the nurse lethally injected children there to demonstrate the need for a pediatric intensive care unit at a nearby hospital.
Other prosecutors theorized that Jones' tactic was to take swift medical action and save some of her victims, making herself appear to be a sort of miracle worker.
LaHood said the new murder charge is based on fresh evidence that came to light and a review of old evidence. He also said the deaths of some of the other children are being re-examined and that additional charges could be coming.
R. Kelly Facing 10 Counts of Criminal Sexual Abuse
R. Kelly has been charged with 10 counts of criminal sexual abuse in Cook County, Illinois. (Published Friday, Feb. 22, 2019)
Jones has been consistently denied parole over the years. She was due to be released next March after serving one-third of her sentence under a mandatory release law adopted in 1977 to help alleviate prison overcrowding. The law was overhauled 10 years later.
Jones, whose case has been chronicled in two books, a TV movie and numerous articles, was "emotional" when she was served an arrest warrant Thursday, LaHood said.
"We have every reason to believe that she fully expected to get out next year," he said.
Because of the new charge, Jones will be transferred to the Bexar County jail and held on a $1 million bond while the case is prosecuted. A murder conviction brings a maximum sentence of 99 years. LaHood said Jones is not eligible for the death penalty because Texas did not have such a sentence at the time of the 1981 death.
"We will do our best to ensure that Genene Jones takes her very last breath behind bars," LaHood said.
Copyright Associated Press
Election 2016: Marcus Cornish resigns from Liberals after saying Fiona Scott betrayed Abbott
Updated
A Penrith Councillor who derailed Liberal campaigning in the key marginal seat of Lindsay by accusing MP Fiona Scott of stabbing Tony Abbott in the back has resigned from the party.
On Monday Marcus Cornish told 7:30 Mr Abbott's description of Ms Scott as having "sex appeal" helped secure her election and that she had betrayed the former PM by voting for Malcolm Turnbull in last year's leadership spill.
Ms Scott has declined to reveal who she voted for but it is widely believed in the party that she voted for Mr Turnbull, and volunteers from Mr Abbott's electorate have refused to again support her campaign.
Mr Cornish has written an email to Liberal Party state director Chris Stone announcing his resignation and giving 21 reasons.
They include claims the party "no longer represents the Conservative views of the people of Australia" and that factional deals are "resulting in poor quality candidates".
Mr Cornish had been a member of the party for 12 years but was suspended in February for circulating an email criticising the party and Ms Scott.
He declined to comment on his future political intentions but has registered the names of two political parties with ASIC — The Conservative Party of Australia and The Conservative Local Party of Australia.
He has previously held rallies against the establishment of mosques.
The New South Wales Liberal Party declined to comment.
Topics: liberals, federal-election, federal-elections, australia
First posted
Insanity coming from Germany called the Volkswagen ...
Insanity coming from Germany called the Volkswagen Golf Mk2 by Boba Motoring is possibly the ultimate sleeper.
This thing with a two-liter engine has 1233hp and insane torque spinning out the magnificent four-wheel drive via a six-speed sequential gearbox.
The final result of all of it is acceleration to 62 mph in only 2,3 seconds.
The top speed is unknown as no one with half a brain would push it to top speed.
That is sooo crazy. More crazyness in the next video below!
Legendary Speed is dedicated to bringing you the very best Videos about Automobiles and Cool stuff.Check out our other amazing pages LegendarySpeed Amazing Rides , follow us on Instagram and Youtube Subscribe to our newsletter and check out our daily finds where we dig up the coolest cars and trucks for sale.Thanks for visiting our site, we really appreciate it, you can help by giving us a like and a share on our social media platforms.
With his 10th professional season having just started at the Australian road race championships, Adam Hansen looks back at an off-season that shows how different he is from many pro riders. He details what he got up to during his time away from two wheels, and also reveals an ambition that, once realised, will be an absolute first for a professional cyclist.
Pro bike rider. Grand Tour participation record holder. Cycling shoemaker. Kit designer. Software programmer. Property investor. Adam Hansen is arguably the most versatile man in pro cycling who, when he's not doing Grand Tour after consecutive Grand Tour, switches off totally and engages his body and brain in a completely different direction.
Now Hansen has given further examples of that versatility, telling CyclingTips about the many things he got up to in the off-season plus one hugely challenging goal for the future.
“The weekend after the worlds I did an ultra-trail race, 115 kilometres in length,” he explained, talking as the days ticked down to the start of his season.
“Yes, I'm a bit nut! My GPS said it I did 119km … and four kilometres of extra running is a lot at the end of the event.
“After that I went to Hong Kong for a few days with a best friend and then onto Dubai on the way home for some work reasons.
“I then had to catch up on a lot of work at home before going to the Himalayas. As soon as that was finished I was in Belgium at the team building and then home for a week, then a training camp and, after that, directly to Australia.
“I didn't spend more than a week at home but it was ok.”
The stream of activities and destinations gives an insight into his mind and energy levels. While most pro riders use the off-season to recharge batteries after months of draining racing, the Aussie Duracell bunny keeps going and going.
In an interview last year with CyclingTips, he spoke about the importance of racing hard but then switching off. Hansen can be highly focussed on the bike – something that is needed when doing three Grand Tours a year – but then likes to change things up in order to remain mentally fresh.
“There is always something – I like to be busy,” he said last April. “This is also why I like the [racing] programme I have because I do have big blocks at home where I can switch off from cycling and live a different life.”
Battling rock, gradient and altitude
Hansen's different life during the off-season included one of the most unusual winter activity we've heard of; an extended trip to the Himalayas, where he and others put boots and backpacks on and tackled tough weather plus difficult climbing conditions.
“The trip was something I have always wanted to do,” he said. “In every off season and also in February I do a lot of hiking as training as we have so much snow in the Czech Republic.
“I always wondered why pros don't do more holiday training camps. To see the world a bit and get really good training in at the same time, instead of going to the same island every single year …”
Hansen flew into Lukla, a town in the Khumbu area of north-eastern Nepal. It has been called the most dangerous airport in the world, with a short, steep airstrip and difficult weather conditions combining to cause several big accidents in the past.
The town is 2,860 metres above sea level and was the starting point for what was to follow.
“I was with a group of friends,” Hansen said. “We had no guide, no porters. We carried everything. We started by going from Lukla to Namche Bazaar, which is at 3,440 metres. We stayed there two nights and did a loop of hiking.”
After that, the group went from Namche Bazaar to Dole, climbing to an altitude of 4,130 metres, then to the village of Machhermo (4,410m).
Hansen left his 17kg backpack there and did a day trip to Gokyo (5,360m) and back. After that, it was on to the highest point of the whole trip. Starting in Dragnag, they climbed over the Cho La pass, 5,430 metres above sea level and almost three times the height of Alpe d'Huez, before descending to Lobuche.
Hansen noted the effort of climbing Cho La pass, with the altitude imposing huge demands.
“It's incredibly difficult to breathe, especially with a heavy backpack,” he explained. “For example, when I'd take a water bottle and drink from it, I would have to have little sips because I needed breaks to breathe …
“The trip was really done too quickly. It should have been done slower, in terms of altitude gain, but I didn't really have the time.”
The final segment saw Hansen leave his backpack in Lobuche and hike up to Everest base camp (5,350 metres), then returning to Lobuche before descending to Namche Bazaar and then back to Lulka in order to fly out.
“For me it was a bit of an experience,” he said, assessing the trip with a degree of understatement. “It was a nice change from the other mountain areas I do my hiking training in.
“I have not decided where I will do my next one, but for sure it will be something close to that.”
Heading to the top of the world?
Hansen has long had a reputation for toughness. In 2004 and again in 2005 he won the Crocodile Trophy, a 10-day mountainbike stage race held in North Queensland, Australia.
Regarded as one of the most demanding mountain bike races, it sees the competitors face difficult heat conditions plus the rough terrain of the Australian Outback.
After he turned pro with T-Mobile in 2007 he continued to thrive on big challenges. In 2011 he began what would become a record-breaking sequence in the sport, riding Grand Tour after Grand Tour. To date he has successfully competed 13 in a row, and wants to further extend that run in 2016.
He's worked for teammates in those races but also had the strength to chase his own success at times, winning a stage in the Giro d'Italia in 2013 and another in the 2014 Vuelta a España.
Pushing his own boundaries is clearly something he thrives on, and so too battling nature at her toughest. In that light, it's possible to see the attraction of what would be perhaps his biggest challenge yet.
He's been to the base camp of Mount Everest. He now confirms he wants to make it to the summit one day.
“For sure, I would like to do it in the future,” he said. “I even considered it during a race season. I tried to fit it in a few years ago.
“I think the way I do so much cross training it wouldn't affect me so much. I'm not the type of cyclist that believes you must ride your bike to retain a good level of fitness.”
Indeed he might have pushed ahead with that ambition then, except for timing.
“It's just difficult to do because the best time of the year to go to Everest is before or around the Giro,” he said.
“The trip I just did was actually not the best time to go up. Mostly because of the air pressure that time of the year, which means there's less oxygen at that time.”
Hansen plans to keep racing for some time yet, but once that's done, stepping up his Himalayan exploits and tackling the world's highest mountain could well be on the cards. Given everything he has done before, it would be utterly in line with his character.
“I would like to go to the top. It's on my bucket list,” he said, an ambition that further enhances the perception of him as the peloton's toughest rider.
Considering what he has achieved thus far, few would bet against him unfurling an Aussie flag atop the summit some day.
Chocolate Turtle Apple Slices are thick slices of Fuji apples covered in melted chocolate, drizzled with caramel and topped with nuts.
Happy Fall y'all! I can't believe it's already here. I'm so excited for cooler weather and all the delicious Fall flavors!
That brings me to today's recipe which is made with one of the best fruits of Fall – APPLES! And what's better than a candied apple!
Have you ever had a candy apple but wished there was a little more “candy” in each bite? Problem solved! These candy apples are covered with all of the ingredients in my favorite candy – chocolate turtles.
Click here to watch the video tutorial – How to Make Chocolate Turtle Apple Slices.
And I love that there are just 5 ingredients in this recipe. Keeping it simple is always the best way to go when possible!
All you will need to make these Chocolate Turtle Apple Slices is 2 large apples, 3 1/2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 1 cup melted caramels and chopped pecans.
I chose Fuji apples because they are extra fat and very large. Slice apple into 1/2″ pieces. Microwave chips in a microwave safe bowl for about 2 minutes. Stir in coconut oil and keep stirring until smooth. Cut a little slit in the bottom of each piece of apple and insert a wooden popsicle stick.
Here's the microwave safe bowl I used which is also great for baking projects. Click below to order it from Amazon (affiliate):
Dip apple slices into chocolate and place on a parchment lined cookie sheet with raised edges (also called a half-sheet pan).
Here is the half sheet pan that I used. Click below to order it from Amazon (affiliate):
And here is the brown parchment paper that I used. Click below to order it from Amazon (affiliate):
Drizzle with melted caramel.
Sprinkle with chopped nuts, then refrigerate for about 1 hour.
They are ready to enjoy! Chocolate Turtle Apple Slices are so delicious and a perfect treat to kick off this Fall season!
Print Chocolate Turtle Apple Slices Servings 10 -12 slices Ingredients 2 very large Fuji apples
3 1/2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips I used Nestle
1 tablespoon coconut oil
1 cup caramels melted (I used Kraft caramels)
Chopped pecans
Popsicle sticks Instructions Slice apples into 1/2" pieces. With a knife make a little slit in the bottom of each apple slice to make it easier to insert a popsicle stick. Melt chips in the microwave on high for about 2 minutes.* Stir in coconut oil until smooth. Dip apple slices in chocolate and place on parchment lined cookie sheet. Place caramels in microwave safe bowl and microwave on high for 45-60 seconds.* Do NOT overheat. Stir until smooth. Drizzle melted caramel over chocolate and sprinkle with nuts. Refrigerate for about 1 hour. Serve and enjoy immediately. Apples are best the first day. Store in refrigerator. *For best results, follow the chocolate chip package instructions for melting chocolate and same for caramel. Follow the caramel package instructions for melting caramels. Note: If you're concerned about biting into an apple seed, just remove them before dipping the apple slice in chocolate. Nutrition Facts Chocolate Turtle Apple Slices Amount Per Serving (1 g) Calories 0 * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
Check out these awesome apple recipes too…
The Lemon Bowl: Tuna Salad with Apples
Creative Culinary: Boozy Snickerdoodle Cake with Apples
The Fed Up Foodie: Green Apple Butterscotch Macadamia Nut Cookies
Hey Grill Hey: Skillet Bacon Apple Crisp
A Mind “Full” Mom: Salted Caramel Apple Butter
Dishin & Dishes: Chicken with Cider Sauce and Apples
Foodtastic Mom: Ketucky Apple Skillet Cake
Healthy Eats: 6 Lighter Ways to Cook and Bake with Apples
In Jennie's Kitchen: 9 Amazing Apple Recipes
Mom Loves Baking: Chocolate Turtle Apple Slices
Taste with the Eyes: Red Lentil Penne, Apple, Walnut, Mint, and Gorgonzola Sauce
Swing Eats: Apple Roses (gluten-free)
FN Dish: Kick Off Fall with Food Network's Favorite 5-Star Apple Desserts
Featured on the Southern Plate Meal Plan Monday #85!
The BLOG: Campaign 2016
Rock, Paper, Scissors and the 2016 GOP field
Bill Clinton once said that the difference between a Democratic presidential primary and a Republican one is that “Democrats want to fall in love. Republicans just fall in line.”
Clinton may have been correct about the way that primary voters in the two parties have chosen their standard bearers in modern era (although this year would seem to have Clinton's equation reversed), but I'd go a step further:
General elections are all about falling in love.
And, this year, as in years past, the candidate who wins the presidency will not necessarily be the person with the better tax plan or the person with the more impressive resume. It will be the person with the more winning personality.
Some analysts might argue that all of the 2016 candidates have better personalities than Hillary Clinton. This may be true. But not all GOP personalities are created equal. And some personality types would have a better chance to beat Hillary than others.
I have written previously that there are four primary political personality archetypes: (1) Visionary; (2) Beer Candidate; (3) Technocrat; and (4) Careerist.
In my last post, I described Hillary Clinton as a classic Careerist – an experienced candidate with a stellar resume who feels entitled to be president because, well … it's her turn, and, by golly, she's earned it. (The Democratic party's current, and I believe transient, love affair with Bernie Sanders only proves Bill Clinton's original theory – that many Democrats are desperate to fall in love — something they are unlikely to do with his wife.)
Under my Rock, Paper, Scissors theory of electoral politics, an inspirational Visionary or a regular-guy Beer Candidate is best suited to beat a Careerist or a Technocrat in a general election. But Visionaries and Beer Candidates come in two varieties: the optimistic/sunny types and the pessimistic/rough-around-the edges types. And here's an important corollary to the theory: only a Beer Candidate or Visionary of the optimistic/sunny variety is destined to prevail over a Careerist or a Technocrat in a general election.
Who of the viable 2016 Republican candidates would qualify?
Jeb Bush? The former Florida governor is smart and cerebral, but he lacks what his father famously called “that vision thing.” He also lacks his brother's home-spun Texas charm. His recent e-book, “Reply All: A Governor's Story 1999-2007” (a collection of e-mails from his time as governor) shows him to be a hands-on problem solver, and his latest campaign motto “Jeb can fix it” reinforces his image as a man who gets things done. He is, in this sense, the heir to the Mitt Romney wing of the party. Put Jeb in the Technocrat category.
What about John Kasich? Although the Ohio Governor clearly has one of the best resumes of the group, boasting experience as a legislator (for almost two decades, Kasich served in Congress, where he was chairman of the House Budget Committee), in the private sector (Lehman Bros.), and as governor of an important swing state. Unfortunately, Kasich is not telegenic. His personality is wooden, his mannerisms sometimes bizarre. And he simply lacks the inspirational message that motivates people to go to the polls. Part Techocrat/Part Careerist, if I had to choose, I'd put Kasich in the Careerist camp.
Chris Christie is perhaps the GOP candidate who best excels at retail politics. “Authentic” is a word commonly used to describe the New Jersey governor, who, unlike many politicians, rarely uses notes when addressing a crowd and has an uncanny ability to personalize his answers to big policy questions (“We lost friends of ours in the trade center.” “I went to the funerals.”) Add to this his love of all things Bruce Springsteen, and you'll find Christie in the Beer Candidate camp.
But the picture is more complicated. Although Christie comes across as a regular guy in the mold of Bill Clinton or George W. Bush, those former presidents had one thing that Christie does not: southern charm. Christie is rougher around the edges. Some say he's a bully. And, to many people, the only thing worse than a bully is a bully from Jersey (with all of the negative stereotypes that this conveys).
To be a successful Beer Candidate, a candidate needs to give people a sense of optimism and to exhibit empathy. And it is not clear that Christie can do that. Call Christie Beer Candidate-Negative.
Ted Cruz? Like Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama, Cruz is a man a who is generally ideologically consistent.
And like the Reagan and Obama campaigns, the Cruz campaign is not mired in detail, but rather focused on hitting a few big themes (defeating radical Islamic terrorism, restoring the constitutional order, securing the border).
Generally, a candidate who campaigns on big ideas will defeat a candidate who campaigns on experience or as a good steward of government (see Obama v. McCain in 2008 and Obama v. Romney in 2012).
BUT — and this is a big but — Cruz lacks something that Reagan and Obama both possessed: a positive, upbeat, unifying message.
Recall that Reagan ran on the optimistic theme of “morning in America”; Obama ran on “hope” and on the promise of an America no longer divided along race, class, or party lines.
So far, Cruz's message has been neither forward looking nor hopeful. Rather, his is a contrarian campaign, a campaign about undoing what has been done.
It also doesn't help that Cruz speak in a pinched, nasally, angry-sounding voice.
Voice?
It may sound trite, but as Forbes magazine has noted, a candidate's voice can be a major factor in determining how people feel about him or her. Fact is, people liked Reagan's voice. People like Obama's voice. Both Reagan and Obama spoke in strong, soothing, confidence-inspiring tones. Cruz speaks in sharp, bitter tones, which only underscores his negative image.
Perhaps most problematic is Cruz's reputation as arrogant and uncollegial. This is not an insignificant stumbling block, as Cruz is almost universally hated by other members of his party — even those those who share his conservative political viewpoints.
Make no mistake, those who dislike Cruz do so not because he is too conservative or because he is willing to challenge the establishment. They dislike him because they regard him as a jerk. They regard him as a man incapable of winning the love of the American people. They worry that he would engender the hatred of the electorate (as he has the political class) and that he would, thereby, pose an existential threat to the party and to Republicans further down the ticket.
So, although he might be ideologically principled, his image is so sharp and off-putting that he qualifies as a Visionary-Negative.
Like Cruz, Marco Rubio has put forth an ideologically consistent message. And, like Cruz, Rubio also is running on big themes (preserving the American Dream, restoring America's leadership role in the world, and building up a strong national defense, which includes securing the border).
But, unlike Cruz, Rubio's demeanor is sunny.
They say a picture's worth a thousand words, and this one says much about these two candidates. Where Cruz is a pessimist, Rubio is an optimist. Where Cruz seems angry, Rubio seems hopeful. Where Cruz seems bitter, Rubio seems grateful.
Although some might call Rubio, who has spent the better part of two decades in politics, a Careerist, he presents not as a candidate running to advance his own resume but as one running to advance his country. His strong conservative principles combined with his unabashed patriotism make him the most Reaganesque of the current field, which is why I put Rubio in the Visionary camp.
Donald Trump, of course, defies categorization.
He clearly is no ideological visionary — if he has an ideology at all, it is the ideology of self.
But he does possess some of the personality traits of a Visionary in that he is dynamic and telegenic – not to mention extremely entertaining. But a showman without vision is a demagogue – trading on telegenic qualities and dynamic personality to sell, not ideas, but the cult of personality.
On paper, he reads as a Technocrat — a real estate mogul who can cut a deal and get things done. But he has none of the genteel, patrician mannerisms of, says, a Mitt Romney or a George H.W. Bush.
To the contrary, Trump can speak the language of regular Americans in the same way that Chris Christie, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush can. It is this ability to connect with regular people (despite being a billionaire) that makes Trump, predominantly, a Beer Candidate.
But like Christie, Trump suffers from a reputation as a bully. And worse – he is regarded by many as crass and vulgar.
In short, Trump exhibits some of the characteristics of three of the four archetypes: Beer Candidate, Technocrat, and Visionary. The only archetype he seems not to embody at all is that of Careerist. As a man who has never held elected office, he is the ultimate outsider. The anti-Careerist. And perhaps this is part of the reason why, to date, he has been so successful.
So, who can beat Hillary Clinton?
Almost certainly not Bush, who bores people to tears, or Cruz, whose negatives are sky-high.
A race between Clinton and Kasich, two pragmatic Careerists, in my view, would be too close to call.
Although I never would have said so six months ago, I now believe that Trump, who combines many of the personality traits of a Beer Candidate with the telegenic personality of a Visionary and the business creds of a Technocrat, could win a general election against Hillary.
For a variety of reasons, I do not think Trump deserves to be the nominee. Nor do I think he would be a good president. But I now think he can win.
That said, the candidate I believe best to positioned to beat Hillary Clinton in November — and who is more principled, more conservative, and more qualified to lead the nation than Trump — is Marco Rubio, the only optimistic-Visionary in the group.
Here's hoping Republican primary voters come to that same conclusion.
Jennifer C. Braceras is Editor of the NewBostonPost. This is the fourth of several blog posts on campaign leadership styles. Read the first here, the second here, and the third here.
Comments
comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
SVG 1.1 became a W3C recommendation on January 13, 2003. Eight years later, this page records my results of running various SVG implementations (web browsers and browser plugins) through the official SVG Test Suite. Last updated 2011-03-24.
The following picture indicates the results of running all 280 tests in many popular SVG implementations in the wild. Each test takes up a two-pixel strip in each column. I use a top secret scoring system ... ok, well actually I just use GREEN for "Pass" (2 points), YELLOW for "Almost Pass" (1 point), RED for "Fail" (0 points) and BLACK for "Fail with Crash" (-1 point). The "Almost Pass" scoring is subjective, so think of it as me giving out points for trying.
Now I know that I'm going to get complaints that the SVG test suite doesn't cover all functionality (I agree with you), nor does the score give a fair indication of other factors like performance (again, I agree with you), so please take this page as what it is: A data point from a guy who had too much time on his hands but is interested in seeing how the overall quality of SVG implementations improves in the future.
Some Final Notes
With IE9, Microsoft has finally released a browser that has strong support for the SVG core features (shapes, text, gradients, masks, clipping, DOM, scripting). This feature set is comparable to the set of features in the first releases of Gecko and WebKit that supported SVG and indicates that IE9 is a solid platform on which to build SVG web applications. IE9 has not yet implemented the following set of features: SVG Animation (SMIL), Filters or Fonts.
Though technically a shim, I added SVG Web to the plugin section. It's amazing that it scores so high while still in an 'alpha' phase.
I did not add Chrome Frame plugin to this chart as it does not handle the SVG MIME type by default yet (see this bug). However, since it uses Webkit as its base, with the proper meta tag, it can function quite well in a pinch. You can get a feel for its level of SVG support by looking at the latest Chrome score above.
If you have something to say about this chart, please leave me a comment on my blog.
We're mixing Judgement up a bit on the test server, and we're eager for your testing and feedback. We've also added a few new rules for the new Custom Matches and – oh ya – you can view your judgement deck now.
Changelog 1.2.5 (client 1.2.5)
Judgement Judgement has been reworked. You can now sacrifice freely for Wild in Judgement. This is definitely still experimental, so please leave feedback. We'll also experiment with lowering idol Health in Judgement later on.
You can now view your Judgement deck (but not your sideboard) by clicking Judgement in the Arena, and then choosing ‘Deck options' -> ‘View deck'.
Custom Matches New rule:
playCard(playerSide, cardName, row, column, [optional playerCaster])
Plays a scroll on target tile at the start of the game. Note: playerSide (P1/P2) defines which side it's cast on, and playerCaster who casts it. If playerCaster is undefined, the card is cast from the same side it's played on.
playCard(playerSide, cardName, row, column, [optional playerCaster]) Plays a scroll on target tile at the start of the game. Note: playerSide (P1/P2) defines which side it's cast on, and playerCaster who casts it. If playerCaster is undefined, the card is cast from the same side it's played on. New rule:
limitlessWild()
This unlocks Wild, so that you can freely sacrifice for Wild like in the new Judgement mode.
limitlessWild() This unlocks Wild, so that you can freely sacrifice for Wild like in the new Judgement mode. New rule:
resources(playerSide, faction, amount)
Gives starting resources of a specific faction. Note: faction is either growth, order, decay, energy or special (wild).
resources(playerSide, faction, amount) Gives starting resources of a specific faction. Note: faction is either growth, order, decay, energy or special (wild). Fixed some issues with automatically generated custom game descriptions.
Scrolls Oppressor's Rule ( Order ): Should now work properly [bug fix].
): Should now work properly [bug fix]. Pother ( Order ): Changed its interaction with Lockling Brood to be more consistent with things like Burn and Soul Steal.
Judgement Changes
Let's talk about the Judgement changes for a moment. While the idea of reworking Judgement in this specific manner has been around for a while, a lot of recent discussion about this subject can be found in this reddit thread, courtesy of Holofoil.
While there are some players who enjoy Judgement in its current state and feel that it's fine just the way it is, it's never been an extremely popular game mode – and there's probably a good reason behind that. It's fairly safe to say that any reworking of this limited format can't hurt too terribly much, and since we have the opportunity of trying adjustments out on the test server along with all of the other upcoming changes, there's almost no reason not to.
We will be testing the sets of Judgement changes in two phases.
Phase 1: Wild always available in Judgement
Wild always available in Judgement Phase 2: Wild always available in Judgement, idols in Judgement are decreased to 6 health
We will announce when the next phase begins, but it won't be very long – we just want to make sure we have enough feedback first.
The Goal
We recognize that constructed play has been balanced around the existing resource system and 10 idol health. Under no circumstances do we expect the style of play and strategy to be exactly the same in these new Judgement settings – and that's fine, that's kind of the goal here. Will new issues surface along with this change? Absolutely. Unforeseen problems will arise with any sort of adjustment to the fundamental aspects of how Scrolls is played. Will the benefits outweigh the sacrifices? That's what we're looking to find out.
During internal play testing, several variations of idol health in the new Judgement mode were given a try. How did we arrive specifically at 6 idol health?
Simply put: It was fun.
It felt right. It felt exciting to play. That said, we agree with the feedback we've received in regards to changing too many variables at once during testing – so we'll be pushing these changes to the test server in two phases and collecting feedback from each iteration.
Will 6 be the right number? Maybe not. Maybe idols in Judgement should remain at 10.
Hopefully feedback from our testers will help us come to a more solid conclusion on this. If the end result of these changes is a more exciting and entertaining Judgement experience – then we will have achieved our goal.
Oh, by the way, we've also implemented one of the features teased previously in this post: the ability to view your current Judgement deck. After further thought, we've generously decided to make it freely available instead of purchasable as DLC.
Accessing the Test Server
You can access the Test Server by starting the Scrolls launcher, clicking “More Options”-> “Play Test Server.” Keep in mind, the Test Server is just that – a test server, and some users may experience login issues from time to time.
-Gary(@Atmaz)
Don't know if you've heard of this Brandon Sanderson kid, but something tells me one day he's gonna hit the heights. He's got a new book out called Steelheart, and he's here today to talk about. And also to talk about being a geek. And how the latter matters to the former.
Watch for this guy! He's gonna be big!
BRANDON SANDERSON:
Introduction
Early in my life, I knew I was a geek. I just didn't know what that meant.
For example, I went to a Star Trek convention when I was eleven or twelve. Now, at that point, I'd only seen a handful of TOS episodes. I hadn't discovered fantasy novels or reading yet. But I went to a Star Trek convention because…well, I was geek, right? That seemed like the sort of thing that geeks did.
Fortunately, it turns out my instincts about myself were right. During the next few years, I blossomed. In geek terms, that means I discovered comic books, role playing, and novels–then retreated to my room to pupate for the next six years, surviving on a steady diet of Anne McCaffrey novels and bags of Cheetos.
STEELHEART
A few years ago, I got an idea. It was a great idea. A really, REALLY great idea.
This isn't to say it will feel as awesome to you as it did to me. A “great” idea for me is a very individual thing. They aren't always the ones that come with an accessible, built-in pitch–instead, they are the ideas that boil in my head and turn into a book that I can't leave alone.
Many writers say that ideas are cheap, and I find this to be mostly true. A writer grows accustomed to coming up with–and discarding–ideas on a daily basis. This idea, however, was one of those powerful ones, precisely because of its undiscardability.
The idea was actually pretty simple. It came as I was driving to a book signing, and was cut off in traffic. I had an immediate, gut response: I thought to the person ahead of me, “You are lucky I don't have superpowers, or I'd totally blow your car up right now.”
This terrified me in ways I can't explain. It whispered that, if I were to somehow have powers like this, I might not be quite so benevolent with them as heroes from the stories. This spiraled me into wondering what would happen if people started gaining powers, but everyone used them selfishly.
Finally, the idea that made me eager came–it was the idea for a group of regular people who assassinate super-powered individuals. Again, it's not the pitch, but the entire package that made me excited. Steelheart was a book I was truly, passionately excited to write, and after finishing some thirty books, I've learned to trust my instincts. An idea that makes me excited in new ways and captures my imagination is something to grab hold of tightly.
In this case, the idea dredged up passions from my childhood and mixed them with plotting structures I'd been studying in recent films. It prompted a character voice in my head who was individual and distinct.
I had a several hour drive ahead of me. By the end of it, I had Steelheart–almost in its entirety–pictured and held in my mind.
Something about writing the book the way I'd imagined it bothered me, though. And it had to do with my experiences with anthropomorphic turtles.
Geek Culture
In my high school years, we had a gift exchange in my French class. In an interesting parallel to my Star Trek convention experience, the girl who drew my name bought me a comic book. (The one where Superman dies, not first printing, unfortunately.) I'd never mentioned comic books in class, and so far as I knew, this girl and I had never had a conversation. She knew to get me a comic book anyway because…well, I was one of THOSE people.
As a geek in my high school, there were just certain things that you did. You played with computers and video games. You read comic books. You hid in basements and role-played. Amusingly, I wasn't cool enough to be on the school newspaper–which was not actually the domain of the geek, but instead the preppy debate folks.
The previous paragraph might make it sound like I was ostracized, but I didn't really feel that way. I was quite comfortable in this role–as, I assume, was common for geeks in the '80s and early '90s. This was our home. We adopted it, claimed it, and loved it.
We also defended it. As I did constantly in regards to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Now, you have to understand, TMNT was MY comic book. I'd started role playing because of TMNT, and its issues were the first comics I ever read. I discovered the Turtles before I even found fantasy novels, and I continued to role-play TMNT games for years into my teens.
And I had a problem with the cartoon show and movies that came after it. Both were actually a lot of fun–except for the way that this new wave of Turtles took MY comic and repackaged it for a more general audience.
I think a lot of us in geek culture have felt this kind of emotion, particularly in recent years. A great deal has been written about geek culture going mainstream.
I'm not going to defend my selfishness in wanting to keep the Turtles for myself. It was an instinctive, emotional reaction from a teenage boy who saw part of what defined him–part of what society had used to define him–being stolen and made (in his eyes) more shallow.
Over the years, though, I had to confront these emotions. What was it that bothered me so much? A thing which brought me joy was now bringing joy to many others. Why had my first instinct been selfishness, as opposed to pleasure? Isn't the core of geekdom about expertise? Suddenly, I was an expert about something that everyone else was discovering. Why, instead of being happy, had I been so dismissive, even angry?
Steelheart and the Big Idea
Now, I don't want to belabor the parallel between myself as a teen and my later self and his desire to destroy inconsiderate drivers. I do want to mention the Big Idea here, though. It's not the idea I had for my book–I've talked about how personal that particular idea was.
The Big Idea for me on this book has to do with the importance, for myself, of embracing the larger world as it discovers stories I've loved. Yes, maybe those stories will change as they are brought to new mediums. That's okay.
I feel I spent my youthful geekhood shaking chains and trying to get people to take my passions seriously. Now that many do, I want to celebrate it. I'm sure many of you have made this same transition, or never felt these same emotions in the first place. But this book brought the idea into focus for me.
As a writer, the further I've progressed in my career, the more “epic fantasy” I've become. Thicker books, more intricate worldbuilding, more sub-plots and hidden allusions relating my books to one another. I do this because that's what I find exciting about epic fantasy.
Steelheart, as I'd imagined it, was far more accessible. I imagined it like a mainstream movie–one deeply influenced by the comics and stories of my youth, but paced and plotted like modern action films. The book is a fun explosion of a story–set pieces, chase scenes, and superheroes mixed with my own individual blend of worldbuilding.
I spent an undue amount of time wondering, as I worked on the book, if I was doing the very thing I'd worried about in my youth. Was I taking something individual to geek culture and distilling it to a more streamlined package, presenting it for the general masses?
Yes, I was.
And I love that about it.
—-
Steelheart: Amazon|Barnes & Noble|Indiebound|Powell's
Read an excerpt. Visit the author's site. Follow him on Twitter.
This boy has now been located safe and well.
The Queensland Police Service is seeking urgent public assistance to help locate an 8-month-old boy who was taken from Logan Road at Holland Park about 10.35am yesterday who may be at significant risk.
A woman and the child did not make a scheduled appointment and there are now concerns for the child's safety.
The boy is described as Aboriginal in appearance, wearing a blue and green striped Bonds singlet and denim jeans.
The woman is described as Aboriginal in appearance, 160cm tall, proportionate build, 19-years-of-age, black hair and brown eyes last seen wearing a black and white striped dress.
The woman and the child are known to each other.
Ring 131 564 to provide information about this incident.
Please ring 000 for life threatening information about this incident
IMPORTANT – Police request this message be broadcast at regular intervals
BROADCAST SUMMARY
#AmberAlert #Holland Park 8-month-old boy taken Logan Rd Holland Park – Woman 19 years call 000 OR 131 564)
After switching from the Congress to the BJP in 2015, Himanta Biswa Sarma has turned out to be a trump card for the saffron party. After the huge win in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand, the BJP managed to form government in Manipur and Goa as well, where it had not got the majority vote.
Talking exclusively to India Today, Sarma said that it was the hard work that paid off for the BJP in Manipur. Sarma commenting on the 2019 Lok Sabha elections said that the BJP was confident of winning 19/24 seats in the northeast.
The BJP leader commenting on Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi said, "The Gandhi scion has no political knowledge. He is constantly fed lines and statements." He added, "Rahul doesn't even know where Manipur is on the map of India."
A new study done by University of Texas at Dallas researchers indicates that watching 3-D images of tongue movements can help individuals learn speech sounds.
According to Dr. William Katz, co-author of the study and professor at UT Dallas' Callier Center for Communication Disorders, the findings could be especially helpful for stroke patients seeking to improve their speech articulation.
“These results show that individuals can be taught consonant sounds in part by watching 3-D tongue images,” said Katz, who teaches in the UT Dallas School of Behavioral and Brain Sciences. “But we also are seeking to use visual feedback to get at the underlying nature of apraxia and other related disorders.”
The study, which appears in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience, was small but showed that participants became more accurate in learning new sounds when they were exposed to visual feedback training.
Katz is one of the first researchers to suggest that the visual feedback on tongue movements could help stroke patients recover speech.
“People with apraxia of speech can have trouble with this process. They typically know what they want to say but have difficulty getting their speech plans to the muscle system, causing sounds to come out wrong,” Katz said.
“My original inspiration was to show patients their tongues, which would clearly show where sounds should and should not be articulated,” he said.
Technology recently allowed researchers to switch from 2-D technology to the Opti-Speech technology, which shows the 3-D images of the tongue. A previous UT Dallas research project determined that the Opti-Speech visual feedback system can reliably provide real-time feedback for speech learning.
Part of the new study looked at an effect called compensatory articulation — when acoustics are rapidly shifted and subjects think they are making a certain sound with their mouths, but hear feedback that indicates they are making a different sound.
Katz said people will instantaneously shift away from the direction that the sound has pushed them. Then, if the shift is turned off, they'll overshoot.
“In our paradigm, we were able to visually shift people. Their tongues were making one sound but, little by little, we start shifting it,” Katz said. “People changed their sounds to match the tongue image.”
Katz said the research results highlight the importance of body visualization as part of rehabilitation therapy, saying there is much more work to be done.
“We want to determine why visual feedback affects speech,” Katz said. “How much is due to compensating, versus mirroring (or entrainment)? Do some of the results come from people visually guiding their tongue to the right place, then having their sense of ‘mouth feel' take over? What parts of the brain are likely involved?
“3-D imaging is opening an entirely new path for speech rehabilitation. Hopefully this work can be translated soon to help patients who desperately want to speak better.”
Adobe Vs. Unity: The Future Of 3D Web Games
By
[As Adobe marches towards a Q2 launch for its Molehill, the 3D version of Flash, developers must decide whether to aim for that, Unity 3D, or an in-house solution -- Gamasutra investigates.]
If analysts are correct -- if online and mobile games generate half the projected $87-billion total game market's annual revenue in five years, as investment advisor Digi-Capital predicts -- the question arises: What will it take to capture market share?
Leading-edge tech that supports immersive play, such as in 3D browser-based games, will surely have a major impact across the web, but which technology companies will developers favor?
This year, developers have two new choices: adopt Unity 3, the third version of Unity Technologies' increasingly popular Unity 3D development platform, recently launched in September, or utilize Molehill, the new 3D version of Flash, now in beta and scheduled for a Q2 release.
It's not a simple choice, to be sure, say game makers who must weigh the overwhelming popularity of the near-ubiquitous Flash against the support they receive from the developer-friendly Unity.
Instead, Taiwan-based XPEC Entertainment has chosen a third alternative -- building a proprietary Flash-based 3D engine for its next game, Maze Myth, scheduled for a year-end 2011 release. The game, which XPEC calls "the world's first 3D, Flash-based, real-time battle browser MMORPG," was discussed in detail at GDC China in December.
"We decided against Unity because, even with its new Unity 3 version, it still takes at least 30 seconds to download and plug in the program," says Aaron Hsu, XPEC's chairman. "Most browsers already have Flash installed so there's no need to download it. Which is why we decided to go with Flash when, three years ago, we started working on our Flash-based 3D engine, which we call the Hive Engine."
Maze Myth
Hsu recalls that his team was thrilled when, on October 28, Adobe announced that its next release, codenamed Molehill, would support 3D, confirming that XPEC was heading in the right direction with its own Flash engine. But why would XPEC continue the Hive project when it could just as easily adopt Molehill?
"Because even though Adobe says Molehill will be available in Q2, there could be delays," explains Hsu. "If there are no delays, we will quickly transition to Molehill. If we complete Hive first, we will use Hive. It all depends on who is quickest."
But Adobe has no intention of missing its deadline. In fact, it is already partnering with Quebec City-based developer Frima Studio which is "adapting and improving its existent technology platform to support all the new features and possibilities included" in the upcoming API, according to Steve Couture, Frima CEO.
"As a pre-release partner, we receive pre-release builds and participate in both forum and voice discussions with the Flash Runtime team," he elaborates. "We were able to expose concrete challenges that game developers face."
Frima has produced several demo videos utilizing the new Molehill technology, the first of which uses the developer's Zombie Tycoon game.
One of the developer-friendly aspects of Molehill, says Couture, is that it supports a fallback to a software renderer for older hardware. "Adobe licensed TransGaming's SwiftShader 3D. Molehill offers a low-level API to access the hardware. This provides enough flexibility for those who want to get their hands dirty, but allows others to use available 3D libraries to use it as well."
Couture believes Molehill "will have a large impact on browser-based games and their quality; it will unlock the full potential of today's hardware."
For example, he says, one could play a game comparable to Call of Duty or Gran Turismo directly on their Facebook wall. The acceleration hardware allows one to have moving items on screen -- 2D or 3D -- giving more interactivity and immersion possibilities for gamers, hardcore or casual, he explains.
"Thirteen years ago, I wanted Flash to become a tool for game developers," he says. "With Molehill, this is it. It's finally a gaming platform."
And yet, Frima is using Unity's technology as well as Adobe's.
"Unity is a great product that we use for some of our projects," explains Couture. "The Flash player, however, has a huge advantage because of its existing distribution and trust. This is particularly true for free-to-play and social games. Installing software is a big obstacle in this market, especially when the key to success is to have the widest entry door into the game."
Unity is, of course, well aware of that hurdle it needs to overcome before it can do a better job of competing with Flash.
"Yes, Flash has this massive installation base which is up in the high 90 percentiles," acknowledges David Helgason, CEO of San Francisco-based Unity Technologies. "Which means that when you offer somebody a Flash game, you know that, say, 98 percent of the gamers will already have Flash installed.
"We, on the other hand, have approximately 40 million plug-ins out there which translates to just a few percent of however you estimate the world population of computers.
"More important is the installation success rate. Up until September when we launched Unity 3, our success rate was 60-70 percent, meaning that when you offered a Unity program to somebody, 60-70 percent of them would agree to install the plug-in but 30-40 percent would not."
Helgason attributes that reluctance to several factors: "Some people have just been told to beware plug-ins, while others have slow connections and can't be bothered to wait for it -- even though the plug-in is only 3MB. And some people are on closed networks or are working on PCs where they can't install stuff."
But, since September when Unity unveiled the new version of its game engine, the installation success rate has leaped to around 90 percent, Helgason claims, mainly because the former multi-step process has evolved into a one-click installation. "We're still gathering data on that," he says, "but developers have told us that they are seeing much better success rates."
Disregarding the plug-in issue, the Unity engine has fared particularly well due to its longevity, especially in its support of 3D; it's been around since 2005 when the original version was unveiled with 3D capabilities as well as its rich game tool set.
"The Unity engine has been around for five years, which means that we've been building our tools for quite a few years and there is a depth to them, an exactness and a polish that's really hard to achieve. And the tools are extremely well-documented," says Helgason. "That means books as well as a lot of sharing and knowledge going on in a very big community.
"Developers have appreciated that openness combined with a deep game focus. So while may lose some potential customers because of the plug-in issue, we gain others because of our very fast development times; developers get a significantly better experience in the browser with Unity than with Flash simply because it's very easy to put in really complex content and do really good game-specific stuff like physics, streaming, networking, and so on -- in addition to 3D -- that is somewhere between hard and impossible to do with Flash."
The Unity engine has had particular success in the mobile device space where, Helgason reports, his company is far ahead of the competition.
"We're wildly successful on the iPhone, for instance," he says. "There are over 1000 Unity-based iOS games in the App Store for iPhone and iPad while I don't think any other game tool set -- including Flash -- has more than perhaps 100 or so games. That's because, with those small devices, you really want to be close to the metal and not have a lot of overhead. And Flash has a lot of overhead. There's no telling what share Molehill will get, but we feel we have a pretty big leg up for a while at least."
Helgason was unable to supply data regarding how many developers build with the Unity engine versus Flash, but he says that, when it comes to games, Unity's market share is growing rapidly.
"A very significant number of people use Flash for stuff other than games -- for things like video and website menus and so on. I'd love to know how many people are actually building games with Flash; I don't think anyone has those numbers."
In the meantime, Unity is working on bundling deals similar to the ones Adobe has with computer makers like Dell.
"When a Dell computer comes out, the Flash plug-in is already pre-bundled with it," says Helgason. "We don't have that sort of market power yet. But we're catching up incredibly fast and I think we'll start to see those kinds of bundlings soon, perhaps in the next two years.
"In the meantime, we're looking forward to the Chrome browser adding what the Google techs call Native Client. What that will do is give Unity games the ability to run natively in the browser without a separate plug-in. You can imagine how important that will be to us."
While an Adobe spokesperson acknowledged Unity's success in 3D games, "it needs to be emphasized that 3D in Flash won't just be for gaming. Our soon-to-be-released Flash platform with 3D will have a major impact across the entire Web -- e-commerce, digital marketing, rich Web apps, etc., because of the proliferation of Flash Player which is not considered a plug-in anymore in terms of the end users. To them, it's just there."
At the moment, the 3D Flash platform is in what Adobe is calling a very limited, private beta.
"Our focus has been on the tools and engine providers who are critical on the 3D work flows," says Jennifer Taylor, senior director of product and strategy for gaming solutions at Adobe. "But we're extending our beta now to more of the developer and publisher community, and then we'll be opening up a more public beta in the spring."
Then, when Molehill is released -- in Q2 if on schedule -- the question is what sort of competition will developers see between the Adobe and Unity engines.
"At this point, we're still in the early days when it comes to adding a third dimension to the Web," says Taylor. "Unity has been incredible in terms of delivering these capabilities to the industry. But, with Adobe's base of over three million developers, it's obvious that we bring a different lens to the opportunities around 3D. We will be bringing 3D to the broader Web community, effectively empowering the masses."
And Adobe's goal? To become as game developer-friendly as Unity is perceived to be.
"Obviously, one of the things Unity has done very well is delivered great capabilities in their engine and their tools," observes Taylor. "We haven't announced any specific plans at this point, but you can imagine that Adobe is focused on designers and developers. We're going to be looking to find ways to solve their challenges and to make working with 3D as easy as we've made working with video, with vectors, with all these different content types.
"We are thinking very strategically about ways in which we can reduce the cost and the pain and the challenges for developers so that they can embrace the new capabilities we are adding to the runtime around 3D."
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM Tech, All rights reserved
Recently, there have been interesting contributions to the old and crucial question of what acceptable levels for solar power costs would be.
Solar is becoming pretty cheap
On the hopeful side, David Keith from Harvard reevaluates his position on this issue. Whereas several years ago he was skeptical about the ability to produce power from solar (unsubsidised) at grid-competitive rates, he now admits that we actually saw a 50% decrease in costs (he is looking mostly at industrial-scale solar, not rooftops I believe), which brings solar power an impressive step closer to becoming a serious part of the enrgy mix.
This happened by gradual improvements in costs structures of existing technology. The below graph illustrates this - but keep in mind that it only shows costs of the panel odules themselves, not all costs of getting them installed (e.g. human labour, inverter etc). Looking at overall costs, costs per installed Watt went from $6 in 2007 to around $3 in 2014.
By Delphi234 - Own work, CC0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=33955173
Another cost figure is Dollar per kWh (usually measured as LCOE=costs divided by produced electricity over the full lifetime). Keith argues that unsubsidised, industrial-scale solar PV can be delivered at four cent per kWh in good (sunny) locations (here is an actual deal from 2014 with that price between FirstSolar and Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Energy, but I'm not sure subsidies aren't part of this particular price).
Keith argues further that by 2020, in the best locations, we could see costs of two cents per kWh.
Compared to other new sources of supply, this would be the cheapest electricity on the planet.
Not sure how he classifies "new" here. Anyway, here is a more conservative view on cost developments per kWh from Europe (which has less suitable locations):
By S-kei - Own work Data source: EPIASolar Photovoltaics Competing in the Energy Sector—On the road to competitiveness, September 2011. PDF-format. See page 18, figure 8, European PV LCOE range projection 2010-2020 by segment., CC0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=16702599
Keith sees a few consequences of falling costs of solar:
1. Wind seems to lose to solar if these trends are any indication for the next years (costs and efficiency for wind power have been quite flat)
2. Prices in power markets will reshape around the availability of cheap solar power (in effect, sunshine), making it hard for coal and nuclear to compete.
Next to location, the big variable in any equation involving solar is the intermittency of sunshine.
David Keith addresses consequences with regard to this, as well. He sees strong cases for gas turbine backup and long-distance electric transmission (from places with good sunshine to places with less). In addition, it might become worthwhile to move intensive electrical demand (e.g. aluminum production) to where power is cheap (where there is sunshine).
Btw, due to its low environmental impact, Keith still sees a role for nuclear power (as many others outside of Europe are recently stepping up to say).
Solar is not cheap enough
The intermittency problem is also appearing in another recent discussion about the costs of solar. People are discussing the "value deflation" effect of solar power (or renewables in general).
This effect simply states that the marginal value of a solar panel decreases with the amount of already existing solar power capacity. It's due to solar power being a price-taker - it accepts the price which the market pays at the very moment when sunlight is being converted into electricity. And if there are more price-takers, the price the market will pay in that sunny moment goes down.
Some studies show that increasing the share of overall solar power by 15% can decrease the money you can earn with them by 50%. A nonlinear deflation effect!
So - whereas today we have arrived at 3$ per installed Watt, which people like David Keith wouldn't have thought doable (within this time frame) and which is turning out to be quite cost-competitive, we might have to drive costs of solar down by much much more in the upcoming decades, should the share of solar increase significantly. A goal of .25$ per installed Watt (decreasing current costs by a factor of 12) would be safe, according to Varun Sivaram and Shayle Kann, assuming batteries and demand response are not present.
Batteries and demand response might actually be developed further (I have been working on the latter), but they will hardly solve the value deflation problem completely. No one knows by how much, but not by more than 50% probably. And in some locations, there might never be a deployment of such additional technologies, or much less so than in developed countries. A target of .25$ per installed Watt was deliberately chosen by Sivaram and Kann to be a safe bet.
So is that an impossible goal? Certainly with the current technology. Swanson's law (see graph above) will probably run its course soon, unless a technology switch happens. I believe this is similar to semiconductors (see Moore's law), where several major innovations kept the law going longer than people had expected.
Nanotechnology seems to be ripe to deliver such innovations. One example are Perovskites which can lead to cheap, thin & transparent coatings which can deliver electricity from sunlight. They can also very soon be used in hybrid solar cells, providing a stepwise ladder to commmercialisation (and a building block to a smooth continuation of Swanson's law). Also, the human labour costs for installing panels might be reducable by automation (e.g. by advances in robotics).
Only time will tell if such savings are possible. As David Keith's admission shows, it is not easy to get these predictions right.
Stephen Colbert proved that all press is good press.
A storm over a crude remark the comedian made about President Donald Trump didn't hurt the late-night host in the ratings — to the contrary.
Colbert's CBS "Late Show" had its widest margin of victory over NBC's "Tonight" show since Colbert's debut week in September 2015, the Nielsen company said. The CBS show averaged 3.06 million viewers last week, which was up 12 percent from the previous week, Nielsen said.
During last Monday's show, a risque reference to Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin prompted calls for a boycott and an FCC investigation. Colbert said two nights later that he might have changed some of his language, but didn't apologize for the attack; the late-night host said he was angry with how Trump treated CBS "Face the Nation" host John Dickerson in an interview.
Colbert has been riding high in the ratings, eclipsing Jimmy Fallon as the most popular late-night host since Trump's inauguration with a steady stream of ridicule for the new president. Last week, Fallon's show averaged 2.65 million viewers, although NBC points out that "Tonight" retains its lead among younger viewers.
Meanwhile, television's biggest broadcasters are preparing for one of the most important weeks of their business year, when they introduce next season's schedules to advertisers in a series of meetings in New York. Their challenge is to come up with some new ideas to stem an audience decline that is partly due to greater competition and viewers making their own TV schedules through time-shifting, and partly due to a paucity of new hits.
The most popular prime-time shows last week were CBS' "NCIS" and "The Big Bang Theory," which have been on the air since 2003 and 2007, respectively.
Viewership at each of the four biggest networks last week was down compared with the same week last year, ranging from 5 percent at NBC to 11 percent at Fox, Nielsen said.
CBS won the week with a prime-time average of 7.1 million viewers. NBC had 5.2 million, ABC had 5 million, Fox had 2.4 million, Univision had 1.7 million, the CW had 1.24 million, ION Television had 1.2 million and Telemundo had 890,000.
TNT was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 3.24 million viewers in prime time. Fox News Channel had 2.07 million, ESPN had 1.78 million, HGTV had 1.39 million and MSNBC had 1.38 million.
NBC's "Nightly News" narrowly won the evening new race with an average of 7.69 million viewers. ABC's "World News Tonight" had 7.63 million viewers and the "CBS Evening News" had 6.2 million.
For the week of May 1-7, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "NCIS," CBS, 12.88 million; "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 12.39 million; "Bull," CBS, 10.83 million; "Dancing With the Stars," ABC, 10.31 million; "60 Minutes," CBS, 9.55 million; "Blue Bloods," CBS, 9.24 million; "The Voice" (Monday), NBC, 9.08 million; "NCIS: Los Angeles," CBS, 9.06 million; "The Big Bang Theory" (Thursday, 8:30 p.m.), CBS, 9 million; "The Voice" (Tuesday), NBC, 8.82 million.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Not since General William Tecumseh Sherman pivoted his March to the Sea into a blitz through the Carolinas has a force emanating from the state of Georgia wreaked such havoc on their northern neighbors as the Atlanta Silverbacks' recent history at WakeMed Soccer Park.
Saturday evening, the Silverbacks earned a 2-1 victory over the Carolina RailHawks. It is Atlanta's second win on the bounce in Cary, following their 2-0 result last August, one of several home losses that cost the RailHawks a playoff berth last season.
Playing on sandy surface more befitting a top-dressed golf green, the RailHawks and Silverbacks spent the better part of the match discovering the irregular bounces of the patchy pitch, the result of slowly germinating Bermuda grass incubating under a tarpaulin over the past month or so.
With storm clouds also swirling, the RailHawks enjoyed more and better scoring opportunities in the first half but left their chances wanting. The biggest revelation was the reemergence of Mark Anderson, who redeemed his subpar RailHawks' debut with a lively half.
In the 20th minute, Anderson found himself centered from 20 yards out with the ball and space. However, his snap shot chipped paint off the left woodwork before deflecting wide of goal.
Starting striker Nacho Novo, Carolina's early leading scorer this season, left the game in the 29th minute with a groin injury. He was replaced by Simone Bracalello, but the RailHawks' offensive flow never seemed to recover.
“I think Nacho is somebody who works hard up front and makes very good runs,” said RailHawks manager Colin Clarke. “Once we lost that, it certainly didn't help us. It was a big loss.”
Nevertheless, in the 31st minute Anderson added some flair to his performance with a header attempt from nearly 18 yards out that almost snuck under the crossbar before it was snared by Silverbacks goalkeeper C.J. Cochran.
But as so often happens, the team leaving chances on the table was made to eventually pay, as a pair of different teams seemed to exit their locker rooms for the second half. In just the 49th minute, a fluke deflection in the box fell to Silverbacks forward Shaka Bangura, who calmly blasted the ball past helpless RailHawks goalkeeper Hunter Gilstrap for a 1-0 advantage.
Clarke claimed he sensed the score coming.
“For all our good work, we have to come out for the second half and set the tempo,” Clarke said. “But we gave it away two or three times needlessly before they scored the goal. It might sound picky, but that set the wrong tempo. Instead of getting the ball down and passing it, it's ‘here we go again.'”
Atlanta doubled their lead in the 68th minute when a sublime low cross from midfielder Kyle Miller off the right wing found an unobstructed Jonathan Okafor charging behind the RailHawks' back line and into the goalmouth. Okafor deposited the ball off the volley for the easy score.
Carolina made a late charge in the 82nd minute when a punchout by Cochran bounded out to Blake Wagner at an acute angle on left flank. His low return skimmed through a forest of footballers and into the far net to account for the final 2-1 tally.
Silverbacks manager Gary Smith noted the tale of two halves.
“For whatever reason in that first half we were edgy, there were too many mistakes technically,” Smith said. “Subsequently, I felt there was trust and confidence in the group to keep the ball and to break those lines in the midfield. Looking at that second period, I felt there were many more occasions where we were able to break those lines in midfield and show more sharpness in the final third.”
On the other side, Clarke felt hard done to let three valuable home points slip away during a 10-game NASL spring season. It was also Clarke's first exposure to seeing how his mature but new club performed while trailing during game, and the result wasn't what he hoped.
“I didn't think the response was great,” Clarke said. “I didn't think the quality in the final third was good enough from some of our players who you're looking to produce that final ball or pass. Their goalkeeper wasn't busy enough.”
The RailHawks (1-1-1, 4 pts.) travel to face Indy Eleven next Saturday before returning home to host the Tampa Bay Rowdies on Saturday, May 2.
Other notes
● New signee Mamadee Nyepon, a graduate of High Point University, made his RailHawks debut, coming on in the 78th minute.
● Chris Nurse made his second appearance off the bench in as many games for Carolina … and earned his second yellow card of the season.
● The only RailHawks who have yet to see action over the opening three games are Kupono Low, Wells Thompson and backup goalkeeper Brian Sylvestre. Low and Thompson have been battling injuries throughout the early season.
Reflections on the chronology of the financial crisis
Roger Kubarych
The financial crisis is not over but it seems less scary since the US stock market decided that most big banks will survive. This column provides a current scoreboard of the crisis game and reminds everybody that the underlying problems are hardly resolved. A lot of banks sorely need capital and need to raise it relatively cheaply.
The financial crisis is not over but it has seemed less scary in the weeks since the US stock market decided that most big banks will survive. But before we get complacent, don't forget how far the market has gone down (basically it lost almost half its peak value) and how little the net bounce has been; year-to-date, the S&P 500 is still lower. That compares to +20% in Brazil, +25% in Venezuela, and +40% in Russia and China, just to pick out a few big winners.
Instead, some eye-opening numbers should remind everybody that the underlying problems are hardly resolved:
mortgages securitised by Wall Street (in so-called “private label” mortgage-backed securities, (MBS)) represent 16% of all mortgages, but over 50% of seriously delinquent mortgages
distressed sales accounted for a formidable 45% of all existing home sales
average home prices are down 32% from their peak
Here's a current scorecard of this dismal game, which started in February 2007. We're still only in the top of the fifth inning (just before half-time of a European football match).
Who caused the meltdown and where they stand today?
· Underlying borrowers were reckless. Now they're preoccupied with surviving the recession. So those who can borrow don't want to, while those who want to often can't.
· Loan originators (Countrywide, New Century Financial, GMAC, Household/HSBC, et al) and securitisers (Lehman, Merrill, Citi, Mgn Stanley, Bear) were complicit. Now several of the big originators are either defunct, like New Century; merged, like Countrywide into BofA; or for sale, like Household. Same for the securitisers (fill in the blanks).
· Ratings agencies were conflicted. Now they are vindictive (and scared of being put out of business).
· Buy side was lazy and cheap; lazy, because they didn't do their own due diligence on complex securities such as collateralised debt obligations; cheap, because they didn't hire objective experts to advise them. Instead like lemmings they followed the ratings over the cliff. Now they're ashamed of how gullible they were and distrustful of Wall St.
· Money was too easy and too readily available for too long. Now it is appropriately easy but not readily available.
· Everybody was taking on too much leverage. Now everybody is trying to deleverage at the same time, which is impossible and makes the crisis drag on.
· The Fed closed its eyes, while the SEC had given a nearly blank check to the entire investment banking industry to go to extremes. Now they duck accountability while blaming all of the above.
· Regulators were clueless in other ways (proven conclusively by the Madoff scandal) and politicians were living up to their reputations. Now regulators aren't sure what role they should play; as tough enforcers or as genteel partners. And Congress is happy just to hold hearings and make people squirm.
After the financial meltdown came the Great Unraveling (the almost inevitable sequel to the ill-named Great Moderation), characterised by deleveraging.
The horrors of deleveraging
The sell side (meaning the main investment banks and investment banking divisions of big commercial banks, known in Europe as “universal banks”) didn't understand the MBS/CDOs any better than their customers and thus, believed their own sales pitches and bought too much of their own product, and didn't pay much attention to their sales contracts which often gave clients the right to put the securities back to them, and underestimated how fiercely those deceived buy side clients could and would strike back.
The Fed either misunderstood how the financial system was working or knew but decided to try to cover it all up. (The BofA chairman Ken Lewis's remarks to NY Attorney General Andrew Cuomo's interrogation that Paulson and Bernanke urged him not to disclose huge Merrill Lynch shareholders because they feared it would mutilate the whole system are instructive.) Incidentally, the Fed's calling it just a liquidity crisis in the fall of 2007, at a time when CEOs were getting fired (Merrill's O'Neal, Citi's Prince, & others) was and is baffling. CEOs don't get fired for liquidity problems.
The global dimensions of what was unfolding were initially ignored. Then we had BNP Paribas restricting fund redemptions, IKB and Sachsen Landesbank failing in Germany, Northern Rock imploding in Britain, and even UBS getting scalded.
Policy responses
The Fed went from providing liquidity to providing lender of last resort assistance (via the Term Auction Facility, TAF, essentially the anonymous discount window), to becoming intermediary of first resort (commercial paper financing facility, e.g.) to ending up creating the mother of all maturity mismatches through the mortgage-backed securities buying binge– which the Fed Chairman admits won't be unwound (actually it can be, but the losses that would probably be involved would shock even the Fed's most dependable apologists).
Treasury went from capitalist to socialist in three easy steps; marriage broker for Bear Stearns – JPMorgan Chase, saviour of Fannie and Freddie, rescuer of AIG -- and thus protector of the biggest derivatives counterparties through the TARP. [The execution of Lehman was a brief, ill-conceived diversion.)
What options are still on the table?
Geithner's latest gambit, call it Son of TARP, is announced but far from implemented; It is incredible the number of commentators, some very famous, who lump together the two totally separate programs he proposed. They are very different. One is sensible, the other is questionable:
· The legacy loan program could work. We could call it the Return of Standard Credit Card Trust (the first successful securitisation outside mortgages, developed by a troubled Citibank in 1988 in order to retain its profitable credit card business by securitising credit card receivables. Since then every big bank has done the same.) What could make it work are these features; the FDIC's deep (for now) pockets to provide leverage; its willingness to do due diligence, so only the better loans get the full 6:1 leverage; auctions that could work because banks can withdraw if bidders bid too low; and, best of all, a fine objective, liquefying illiquid loans (forget whether they are “distressed” or not) that will improve capital ratios.
· Legacy securities program is unlikely to be a big success. Once again it demonstrates the dangers of well-meaning, but hastily devised schemes. Why unlikely to be successful; Selecting a “Fab 5” of firms to buy and manage toxic securities, but with the taxpayer taking the vast majority of the economic risk was a recipe for taxpayer indignation. And it could have led to collusion among the “Fab 5”. Treasury seems to have figured this out and now says it is prepared to take on more bond managers but the most likely Fab 5 candidates may in the meantime be getting cold feet. But prodding banks to sell securities and force realised losses – that is not going to be easy unless the US Treasury is intent on putting them out of business or forcing mergers with other institutions.
Some suggestions
Sensible ideas abound, not least by Lynn Tilton (not as famous Bill Gross or Peter Fisher, but she's been in the middle of toxicity for decades) as interviewed by Lauren Tara LaCapra in TheStreet.com. Also University of Chicago Finance Professor Luigi Zingales has published a number of widely-circulated, promising suggestions, too.
Unblocking markets in which buyers see huge downside risks that sellers don't is not easy. Somebody has to step in and provide options contracts that give sellers a clear upside potential if they are right (but have to sell to keep their government bail-out money) and somebody has to insure a portion of the downside risk so that the buyers will bid more for toxic, illiquid securities. That somebody is the taxpayer. But taxpayers have to be rewarded more generously than the Geithner plan.
The alternative is to buy time; keep delaying implementation of the legacy securities program, cross your fingers, and hope that the housing market stabilises sooner than feared. When foreclosures stop climbing and then start to inch even a little lower, there will be a huge sigh of relief and the CDO market will gradually unfreeze. That's why the foreclosure prevention program tucked into the Obama stimulus package is still the most important ingredient. And why state and local governments deserve help in buying foreclosed properties before they are boarded up and spoil whole neighbourhoods.
In the meantime, by all means implement the legacy loan program and help a lot of banks raise some sorely needed capital relatively cheaply. Also:
Richa Sharma By
NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet approved stepping up of India's solar power capacity target by five times, reaching 1,00,000 MW by 2022 at a total cost of Rs 6,00,000 crore.
With this ambitious target, India will become one of the largest green energy producers in the world, surpassing several developed countries.
The target will principally comprise of 40 GW rooftop and 60 GW through large and medium scale grid connected solar power projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission (JNNSM).
In the first phase, the centre is providing Rs 15,050 crore as capital subsidy to promote solar capacity addition in the country. This capital subsidy will be provided for rooftop solar projects in various cities and towns, for Viability Gap Funding (VGF) based projects to be developed through the Solar Energy Corporation of India (SECI) and for decentralized generation through small solar projects.
Apart from this, solar power projects with investment of about Rs 90,000 crore would be developed using bundling mechanism with thermal power. Further investment will come from large Public Sector Undertakings and Independent Power Producers (IPPs). State Governments have also come out with state specific solar policies to promote solar capacity addition.
The government may also approach bilateral and international donors as also the Green Climate Fund for achieving this target. Solar power can contribute to the long term energy security of India, and reduce dependence on fossil fuels that put a strain on foreign reserves and the ecology as well.
The solar manufacturing sector will get a boost with this long term trajectory of solar capacity addition. This will help in creation of technology hubs for manufacturing. The increased manufacturing capacity and installation are expected to pave way for direct and indirect employment opportunities in both the skilled and unskilled sector.
The new solar target of 100 GW is expected to abate over 170 million tonnes of CO2 over its life cycle. This solar scale-up plan has a target of 40 GW through decentralized solar power generation in the form of grid connected rooftop projects. While decentralized generation will stabilise the grid, it will minimise investment on power evacuation
JNNSM was launched in 2009 with a target for Grid Connected Solar Projects of 20,000 MW by 2022. In the last two to three years, the sector has witnessed rapid development with installed solar capacity increasing rapidly from 18 MW to about 3800 MW during 2010 - 15.
The price of solar energy has come down significantly from Rs.17.90 per unit in 2010 to under Rs.7 per unit.
Catholic secondary schools are telling parents that their children are obliged to attend religious education classes and Catholic masses despite the fact that the Constitution gives students an explicit right to not attend, should they or their parents so wish.
RTÉ News has looked at the websites of several Roman Catholic schools which state that students are "required" or "expected" to attend religion classes, or state that the subject is "compulsory".
Some websites also state that non-Christian students are "required" to attend mass, and one states that Muslim students specifically must "fully participate" in Christian liturgies.
The instructions appear to be in direct conflict with the Constitution which acknowledges "the right of any child to attend a school receiving public money without attending religious instruction at that school".
When contacted by RTÉ News, many of the schools said that the policies in question would be reviewed, or were currently under review.
In its 'Code of Behaviour' Holy Child Secondary School in Dublin's Killiney outlines the rules governing the wearing of the hijab among Muslim students.
While the school permits girls to wear a headscarf, the policy goes on to state that "students, wearing the hijab, are expected to fully participate in all school events including liturgies".
The school confirmed to RTÉ News that this was the policy of the school, but that it was "currently under review".
Another Catholic girls' school, Our Lady's College in Drogheda, states on its website that "school policy... requires all students to attend religious education classes, retreats and liturgies". The school has not yet responded to a query from RTÉ News.
A third Catholic girls school, Mount Anville in Dublin, states on its website that "Religious Education is compulsory for all Catholic students and those of other Christian denominations as is attendance at all religious services".
This section goes on to say that "unless determined otherwise by the Principal, non-Christian students will also be required to attend RE classes and religious services".
The Principal of Mount Anville, Patricia Bourdan, told RTÉ News that the policy was currently "up for review".
She said there was no question of anybody being forced to participate if they did not want to.
However, Ms Bourdan also confirmed that the statement on the school website did accord with school policy and that religious education was "compulsory" for students.
The website of De La Salle boys secondary school in Macroom outlines the school's policy that "all students attend and participate during religion class".
It goes on to say that students of "other faiths" who choose to attend De La Salle College "are expected to be present during RE class".
De La Salle's principal, John Murphy, told RTÉ News the school would "absolutely" review the section.
Mr Murphy said that the school had an open enrolment policy and did not force any student to participate in religion classes. "It should not be there", he said.
Presentation College in Clonmel also states on its website that "pupils are required to participate in religious education classes". The section goes on to say that if there is an issue regarding participation, "it will be at the discretion of management".
Principal Ethel Reynolds told RTÉ News that it was not the school's intention to be in breach of the Constitution. She said the statement on its website "definitely" did not reflect school practice.
Ms Reynolds said she would take advice on the matter, with a view to removing the section "if it's not constitutional".
The website of St Mary's CBS in Portlaoise states that students are "expected" to participate in religious education.
In a section on inclusion it states that "students who are not practising Catholics but who do not practise another faith must fully participate in all religious activities".
Principal Maura Murphy said the school was a multicultural one with up to 30% of students from non-EU families.
She said the school wanted everybody to feel included and that any child who wished to opt out could do so. She pointed out that the school policy was approved every year by the school's trustees, the Edmund Rice Schools Trust.
All of the schools that spoke to RTÉ News said however that they would have difficulties accommodating students who wished to opt out.
They said that unless parents could collect and supervise students who were opting out, then the student in question would be required to remain in the classroom while religious education was ongoing.
Jane Donnelly of Atheist Ireland has called on the Minister for Education to put statutory guidelines in place in line with the Constitution and human rights law.
The organisation has highlighted some of these and other school religious education policies on social media.
Ms Donnelly said it was ridiculous that "in this day and age" schools still had policies that obliged children to attend religion classes, when this went against their constitutional rights.
In a statement the Department of Education confirmed that parents had a constitutional right to have their children opt out of religion classes if they so wished.
It said the manner in which a school ensured that the right was upheld was a matter for individual schools.
It said forthcoming legislation would require schools to include details in their enrolment policies of arrangements for any students in this position.
Alan Joyce says Qantas ownership rule changes 'not realistically achievable' in parliament
Updated
Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce has welcomed renewed debate about international investment in the airline, but does not expect any changes to foreign ownership rules during the current parliament.
It comes after Treasurer Joe Hockey canvassed the idea of ditching ownership restrictions and even providing the national carrier with Government aid.
Mr Hockey has criticised the Qantas Sale Act, which says the airline must be at least 51 per cent Australian-owned.
In a letter to Qantas staff, Mr Joyce says the comments show the Federal Government acknowledges there is no longer a "level playing field" in the industry.
"It recognised that, with the foreign-government airline ownership of Virgin Australia, and the flood of funds that come with it, the market has fundamentally changed," he said.
Qantas is furious Virgin Australia is receiving a $350 million injection from its foreign owners Etihad, Air New Zealand and Singapore Airlines.
It wants the Government to review whether its majority foreign-owned rival should be able to access traffic rights reserved for Australian airlines.
However, Mr Joyce says these issues would not be resolved by changing the Qantas Sale Act.
"It's unclear if the Australian public would support these changes," he said.
"We don't think it is realistically achievable in the current parliament. And the process would be prolonged, during which time Virgin Australia would be free to continue its anti-competitive strategy aimed at crippling Qantas.
"We simply do not have the time."
Mr Joyce says there are "a range of policy measures the government could consider", but does not go into detail.
"Qantas looks forward to discussions with the Government about potential steps to level the playing field and support the national carrier."
Hockey says public debate warranted
Mr Hockey has told Fairfax Radio that public debate about easing the restrictions is warranted.
"And if Australians understandably say 'no, we think it should remain not only Australian owned but Australian controlled, and we need to have a national carrier, and I think there are many good reasons for that as well', then we've got to accept we may have to pay a price for that," he said.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Gerard Frawley from Australian Aviation magazine speaks with News24 (ABC News)
At a business function yesterday, Mr Hockey described the sale act as inflexible and raised the possibility that Qantas might need public funds.
Qantas has been lobbying furiously for Government help in the face of increasing foreign support for its rival, Virgin Australia.
Chatham House rules were in place at the business function where Mr Hockey spoke, so neither he nor the meeting should have been identified.
But someone wanted his views known, and soon the Australian Financial Review had obtained a transcript of his comments.
"So, in relation to Qantas, do you say, which you know will probably be my preference, do you say, 'OK, we are going to remove all the shareholding restrictions and let it fly', in which case we agree that we are not going to have a national carrier," the AFR quoted Mr Hockey as saying.
"Or do we say that we are going to have a national carrier, but we have got to do something about it.
"And if it gets into any sort of challenging environment, [we] have got to be prepared to put our hands in our pockets and support it."
At a separate event, The Australian newspaper raised Mr Hockey's comments with Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce.
"What we have seen in Canberra is the politicians listening to our arguments, the politicians saying there is an unlevel playing field here," Mr Joyce said.
It is understood Mr Hockey has called for a debate on whether Australia still wants a national carrier.
Qantas sell-off bad for jobs, Xenophon says
Independent Senator Nick Xenophon is a longstanding opponent of easing restrictions on Qantas's ownership and was happy to weigh in.
"My fear is that Qantas will either be vulnerable to a private equity takeover or foreign takeover," he told Radio National this morning.
"Both scenarios are bad for Australian jobs, for Qantas's international and national reputation and my fear is that the Qantas we know today will just become a shadow of itself."
Alan Joyce wants immediate action
Mr Joyce does not just want the focus on the Qantas Sale Act.
"The issues about the Qantas Sale Act is it's going to need an act of Parliament to repeal it and I think in the current Parliament getting it through the Lower House and the Upper House is an issue for us," he said.
"We need urgent, immediate action on this.
"This can't take months or years to go through an appeal process in Parliament."
The Australian and International Pilots Association supports easing restrictions on Qantas's ownership.
Association president Nathan Safe is expecting the Government to review the airline's situation.
"What we want to see is Qantas able to compete, able to access capital on the same terms as Virgin so that it has a long-term chance of being viable as a business and as an employer," he said.
"Whether it's done by someone like the Productivity Commission, or by the Senate, or by the Department of Transport, that remains to be seen, but when this review does take place we think it's vital that everyone has their chance to have their say."
Potential buyers are scarce
Even if the the laws are changed, a former Qantas economist believes few buyers would be interested in taking a stake in the airline.
Tony Webber, who is now at the Sydney University Business School, says a recent wave of consolidation in the industry means there are very few carriers looking to expand.
"Singapore [Airlines], Air New Zealand and Etihad own a slice of Virgin Australia, and they have very strong operational links with them and code share relationships," he said.
"So I think it would be difficult for them based, on that to own, a share in Qantas.
"The only feasible carrier would be Emirates. The difficulty there is that Emirates is not in the business of owning parts of airlines."
Qantas shares have climbed ahead at the start of trade.
At 10:25am (AEDT), they were trading 4.2 per cent higher at $1.23.
Topics: air-transport, business-economics-and-finance, federal-government, australia
First posted
Two South African students living in Dublin have spoken of their experience of racism at a city centre pub.
Two South African students living in Dublin have spoken of their experience of racism at a city centre pub.
Anathi and Ezile were refused entry to an unnamed establishment in Temple Bar on Sunday evening and were shocked to hear a security guard say that there were “no blacks allowed”.
“He was dead serious. We spoke to him to see if he was being serious or if maybe there was a language problem, but it was not a joke, not at all,” Anathi told RTE Radio One's Liveline.
“I was denied access to a place because of my skin colour,” said Ezile, who has lived in Ireland for nine months and is currently studying for a Master's degree in International Development at UCD.
When she arrived at the pub with Anathi and another South African friend, she said the security guard “stretched his arms out and said ‘no black people allowed'”.
They asked to speak to the manager of the pub to challenge the door policy, but the security guard refused.
Ezile described how they had to ask another representative to get the manager for them.
“He came told us about the admissions policy, and said they have a right to not disclose the reasons why they deny access to people,” she said.
“It was my first time experiencing such racism.”
The incident occurred just before 7pm, and Ezile said other patrons were permitted entry to the bar while they were speaking to the bouncer.
Outside of the bar, a group of five people were sitting at a table next to the door.
“No one intervened. No one said anything,” she said.
“It was sad, I felt really let down. I thought someone would eventually get up and say something, but no one stood up, they just watched us. It was so humiliating.”
Anathi added that a waiter had also passed by as they were being turned away.
“There were people going in and out, and we had to keep moving to the side to let people go through,” he said.
While he described Irish people as “very nice and friendly”, he was disappointed that no one spoke out.
They immediately headed to the Garda station, and were asked to return on Tuesday to make a statement.
“Last night we got calls saying it's pointless, there's nothing we can do because it's not a criminal offence,” Ezile said.
She added: “I'm never going back there again. This morning I passed the same area when going to my internship, and I wasn't at ease.
“On the bus, I was thinking what if some people are thinking ‘I'm not going to sit next to her because she's black'? That's what's been going through my mind since Sunday.”
Online Editors
AFL.com.au looks at the players at your club who will profit most from new or returning players joining them in 2017 or the injury or departure of others.
With Jarryd Lyons moving to Gold Coast, and Adelaide failing to get a deal done for Carlton star Bryce Gibbs, Riley Knight is poised to play an increased role for the Crows. The speedy midfielder possesses the injection of pace the Crows so desperately need. The 21-year-old played just one game this year after making 10 appearances in 2015. Knight has been in blistering form during the pre-season, blitzing the field to win the club's first 2km time trial for its first-to-fourth-year players. Second-year forward Wayne Milera will also get more opportunity with Charlie Cameron expected to play more time on the wing. - Lee Gaskin
So much has been asked of Dan McStay in his first three years, but he might just get a little more freedom in 2017. With Jack Frost traded in from Collingwood to lock down against the opposition's best forward, watch for McStay to shift forward and be given the licence to play as a primary target there. He was asked to do likewise with almost no help as a second-year player in 2015, but with Josh Schache and Eric Hipwood alongside him, a stronger and wiser McStay is now more ready to flourish in the front 50. - Michael Whiting
Speedy small Dylan Buckley had an up-and-down 2016 season as he was regularly switched between defence and attack, but Zach Tuohy's move to Geelong gives him the chance to cement a position in the Blues' backline. Buckley's run and love of taking the game on make him an ideal candidate to replace Tuohy's rebound, with perhaps his biggest challenge being to improve his one-on-one defence. Buckley will face stiff competition to fill Tuohy's shoes, however, with Irish rookie Ciaran Sheehan another contender for the role and veteran Dale Thomas also a chance to spend some time in defence in 2017. Irishman Ciaran Byrne is also expected to return to the backline when he returns from the right knee reconstruction he underwent in July. - Nick Bowen
There will be plenty of pressure on Darcy Moore to deliver and carry Collingwood's forward line in just his third season at AFL level in 2017, particularly with Travis Cloke having departed to the Bulldogs. Moore will remain the Magpies' most potent weapon in 2017, but the return of Jamie Elliott - who failed to play a game last season - from back surgery will be of major benefit. Elliott, who led Collingwood's goalkicking in 2015, is a dangerous commodity, given his ability in the air and at ground level. With Elliott back up and running, opposition teams won't be able to place all their emphasis on stopping Moore. - Ben Guthrie
Former leading goalkicker Jamie Elliott will be back in black and white in 2017. Picture: AFL Photos
The reality is that every Essendon player is going to benefit from the return of the 10 senior Bombers who served their anti-doping bans last season. The forward line will be stronger, the backline will be more difficult to penetrate and the midfield will be bolstered. In this way, David Zaharakis might be best placed to benefit from the return of Essendon's key players. Last year was the first time Zaharakis copped a close tag from opposition clubs as they narrowed their attention to the run-and-carry specialist. He struggled with being so closely monitored last season but with Jobe Watson and Dyson Heppell back in the line-up in 2017, it's unlikely Zaharakis will feel the same pressure. Also, the development of youngsters Zach Merrett and Darcy Parish will make for a bigger midfield group with less of a reliance on Zaharakis for outside polish. - Callum Twomey
After earning his first All Australian guernsey last year and being elevated to the captaincy, David Mundy endured a challenging and frustrating 2016. The Dockers went into freefall and, without superstar Nat Fyfe by his side, the skipper struggled to lead his team out of the mire. Mundy's impact on games diminished and he averaged fewer disposals, contested possessions, clearances, tackles, inside 50s and goals last season compared to his stellar 2015. But with Brownlow medallist Fyfe coming back from a broken leg and appearing in top shape this pre-season, it should be an easier campaign ahead for Mundy – not to mention the likes of young guns Lachie Weller and Connor Blakely – in Freo's engine room. - Travis King
Nakia Cockatoo has been one of Geelong's best in the pre-season build-up to Christmas, showing all the signs he wants the midfield minutes available with the departure of Josh Caddy to Richmond. Knee surgery in May made for an interrupted 2016 campaign yielding just ten games, but with enough glimpses of the speed and footy smarts the Cats will need to replace Caddy. Pairing Cockatoo with the maligned Steve Motlop to pinch-hit between the midfield and forward line has the potential to terrify oppositions with the benefit of creating the unpredictability the Cats so desperately lacked late in the season when searching for goals. Motlop, too, appears in good shape and remains a player capable of being the difference at Geelong, which needs him in the midfield. - Peter Ryan
The return of Nakia Cockatoo will be a massive boost for the Cats. Picture: AFL Photos
For so long the burden has been on Gary Ablett to shoulder the Suns' midfield load, but that should no longer be the case. Despite losing Jaeger O'Meara and Dion Prestia to off-season trades, Gold Coast have substantially bolstered their midfield and can ease Ablett back in after his second shoulder surgery. Pearce Hanley, Jarryd Lyons and Michael Barlow already come with hardened bodies, while draftees Will Brodie and Jack Bowes can also offer support. Throw in some midfield minutes for 2014 best and fairest David Swallow, who returns after missing a year, and Ablett should spend more time in the forward 50 as a lethal option alongside key talls Tom Lynch and Peter Wright. - Michael Whiting
The Giants have had their issues containing true power forwards over the years, so co-captain Phil Davis will enjoy having Aidan Corr back on the field in 2017. The 22-year-old played the first three games of last season but wasn't seen again due to a serious ankle injury. Having Corr back in the 22 will add enormous strength to the GWS back six, and allow Davis the luxury of not battling against bigger opponents every week. With Adam Tomlinson also finishing this season well, Leon Cameron has three tall backs capable of taking on the opposition's biggest monsters inside 50. - Adam Curley
The departures of premiership star Sam Mitchell and Jordan Lewis gives Liam Shiels a chance to step up and take command of the Hawks' engine room. With skipper Luke Hodge coming to the end of his career, new leaders need to step up and Shiels is certainly one touted as a future captain. Hawthorn's midfield will take on a new-look in 2017 with the additions of young guns Tom Mitchell and Jaeger O'Meara. Shiels' pressure was terrific in 2016, averaging 8.5 tackles per game, but he'll need to find more of the ball next year to help fill the void left by contested-ball winners Mitchell and Lewis. - Nat Edwards
For years, Nathan Jones has been relied upon to provide leadership and inspiration when his team desperately needs it. However, the tide is turning as the Demons continue to invest time into developing a new set of leaders. Yet, with such a young group, the arrival of four-time premiership Hawk Jordan Lewis will be crucial for the team, and, in particular, Jones. Lewis has a good understanding of what success looks like and his role in driving the standards of the group, as well as pushing Jones to be a better leader, will be integral as the club strives to make the finals for the first time since 2006. - Ben Guthrie
Defender Ed Vickers-Willis has yet to make his AFL debut, but a huge opportunity has opened up for him following Michael Firrito's retirement at the end of last season. Firrito gave North's defence great flexibility for more than a decade with his ability to play on medium and tall forwards and, at 190cm, Vickers-Willis has the physical attributes to perform the same role. An under-18 All Australian in 2014, the 20-year-old has had two shoulder reconstructions since joining the Roos. But he impressed with Werribee in the second half of last season, holding his own when pitted against demoted Bulldogs star Jake Stringer in round 20. Came very close to earning a senior call-up late in 2016 and will look to carry that momentum into next year's JLT Community Series. - Nick Bowen
The Power needed another tough inside midfielder to give Ollie Wines some assistance, and they addressed those needs in the draft with the selection of Sam Powell-Pepper. The East Perth product has the physical attributes ready to step straight into senior football. While Wines will still do the bulk of the grunt work, having Powell-Pepper to help shoulder the load will allow him to increase his effectiveness. Wines was guilty of turning the ball over too often last season as fatigue crept in to his game. Powell-Pepper and Wines have the potential to be a formidable midfield duo for the next decade. - Lee Gaskin
Ollie Wines is looking for more support in Port Adelaide's midfield. Picture: AFL Photos
The Tigers have long identified the need for a hard-bodied ball-winner to take the pressure off skipper Trent Cotchin. They thought they'd found the answer last year in Jacob Townsend, but more reinforcements are clearly needed. Enter Josh Caddy and Dion Prestia. Cotchin's career-best 2012 season saw him average 5.27 inside 50s (3.49 since) and 0.82 marks in attack (0.36 since). His ability to push forward has been stunted by his responsibility at the coalface, but Caddy and Prestia will attend their share of centre bounces in 2017. Watch for Cotchin to rotate forward more where he is an underrated mark, quick thinker and dangerous if isolated in one-on-one contests. - Nathan Schmook
The Saints continued to find midfield time for Jack Billings last season and he averaged 20.2 disposals. It was a frustrating season for the former No.3 draft pick, however, and a growing on-ball division could help him find his niche in 2017. Trade acquisitions Jack Steele and Koby Stevens are big-bodied brutes who will relish the grunt work. While Billings is capable in the contest, his best work is done when he can be creative, kick inside 50 or sniff out a goal. More time across half-forward, getting into dangerous positions, could bring out his best footy. And when he is on-ball, the support cast will be deep. – Nathan Schmook
The evolution of Isaac Heeney began late in 2016, and his permanent move to the midfield will help cover the loss of Tom Mitchell to Hawthorn. Three-time All Australian wingman Dan Hannebery and the unheralded Jake Lloyd could spend more time in the centre square in 2017, leaving Heeney room to move on the wing, where he starred during last season's finals series. The 20-year-old has brilliant hands, a fantastic mark for his size, and magnificent recovery when the ball hits the deck, making him an extremely tough match-up. - Adam Curley
Luke Shuey is set for a smoother time in 2017 ... but you could throw in Andrew Gaff, Dom Sheed, Jack Redden, Elliot Yeo, Chris Masten, Lewis Jetta, and Liam Duggan. That's how big an impact recruiting Hawthorn champion Sam Mitchell should have on the Eagles' midfield brigade. Not only will Mitchell take significant heat off his new teammates, but the four-time premiership star's knowledge will be invaluable to an onball division which propelled West Coast to a Grand Final two seasons ago and still has room for improvement. Shuey, especially, should be given more freedom to use his pace with Mitchell and Matt Priddis at the coalface digging the ball out. Spearhead Josh Kennedy and Jack Darling will also be licking their lips at the prospect of some lace-out delivery from one of the best ball-users in the business. - Travis King
By his lofty standards, 2016 wasn't Jake Stringer's best season. He kicked 14 goals less than 2015, and was also down on tackles and disposals. Despite being dropped to the VFL for two weeks late in the season, Stringer was unable to recapture his form. The Bulldogs struggled with their efficiency in attack and were far too reliant on Stringer at times. But the arrival of Travis Cloke is set to change that in 2017. The ex-Magpie will add another dimension to the Dogs' forward line, relieving the pressure on Stringer. If Cloke and Tom Boyd play their roles next season, the 22-year-old will be an even more dangerous proposition for opposition defenders. - Nat Edwards
Jake Stringer will be hoping to return to his All Australian form of 2015. Picture: AFL Photos
NOW Free Flick Mondays: GINGER SNAPS
NOW Magazine and The Royal Cinema – Toronto invite you to our free monthly film series – NOW Free Flick Mondays, presented by Stiegl Canada and The Blood in the Snow Canadian Film Festival!
Our November flick will be the 2000 Canadian horror film – Ginger Snaps!
The story of two outcast sisters, Ginger (Katharine Isabelle) and Brigitte (Emily Perkins), in the mindless suburban town of Bailey Downs. On the night of Ginger's first period, she is savagely attacked by a wild creature. Ginger's wounds miraculously heal but something is not quite right. Now Brigitte must save her sister and save herself.
Tickets are FREE and can be redeemed through this link. Please note, having a reserved ticket is the only way of guaranteeing entry, as long as ticket holders are present by 7:15pm when doors open to the general public. The first 100 guests admitted will be treated to free popcorn courtesy of The Royal and refreshments from Stiegl Canada will be served! Guests also have a chance to win prizes during the new Stiegl Pre-Show!
See you there! #nowfreeflicks
Fifteen years ago, Springer, an orphaned and lost orca calf was successfully rescued, rehabilitated, and returned to her wild family.
“Springer's story is an inspiration on many levels,” said Paul Spong of OrcaLab. “It proved that an orphan orca, alone and separated from her family, can be rehabilitated and returned to a normal productive life with her family and community; and it showed that disparate parties with diverse interests can come together and work together for the common goal of helping one little whale.”
“The Springer success story continues to be an inspiration for all of us working on conservation in the Salish Sea,” said Lynne Barre, the lead for orca recovery at NOAA Fisheries' West Coast regional office in Seattle. “The partnerships created during Springer's rescue provide a strong foundation for international cooperation as well as coordination between government, state, tribal, and non-profit groups to benefit both Northern and Southern Resident killer whales.”
Fifteen years later, Springer is still healthy and in 2013 had her first calf, Spirit. They are most often seen on the north central British Columbia coast and occasionally return to Johnstone Strait in summer.
“Springer's reunion is an unqualified success – the only project of its kind in history,” said Donna Sandstrom, director of The Whale Trail and organizer of the Vashon Island event. “To get the little whale home, we had to learn how to work together, as organizations, agencies and nations. Above all, we put her best interests first. Community members played a key role in shaping Springer's fate. We hope her story inspires people to join us in working on issues facing our endangered southern resident orcas today, with the same urgency, commitment, and resolve.”
The 2002 Springer rescue team will reconvene in programs and events in Puget Sound, Georgia Strait and Telegraph Cove in May, June and July to give first-hand accounts of how Springer was identified, rescued and rehabilitated. She was taken by jet catamaran to the north end of Vancouver Island and reunited with her Northern Resident family.
“Celebrate Springer!” begins on May 20 on Vashon Island near the waters were Springer was found. The Vashon Theater program of “Springer's Story” will feature members of the rescue team, a dance performance by Le La La Dancers, who were present at Springer's release, and followed by a late afternoon Whale Trail sign dedication at the Point Robinson Lighthouse. The event will continue in June and July with programs at NOAA Fisheries, Whale Trail Orca Talk, Whale Trail sign dedications, and conclude with a three-day program at Telegraph Cove, British Columbia, where Springer was released in 2002 and rejoined her Northern Resident family. For more information, check out the Celebrate Springer Facebook page and The Whale Trail.
“Celebrate Springer!” partners include NOAA Fisheries, Fisheries and Oceans Canada, OrcaLab, Whale Interpretive Center, Vancouver Aquarium and The Whale Trail.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Jim Harbaugh has been an NFL coach for all of three seasons. And in those three years his San Francisco 49ers have gone to the NFC title game (losing in overtime at home to the eventual Super Bowl champion New York Giants), to the Super Bowl (falling in heartbreaking fashion to the Baltimore Ravens) and to another NFC title game (dropping another heartbreaker at the eventual Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks).
So Harbaugh has shown he can coach, and as such he was ranked as the No. 8 coach in the NFL in an ESPN.com poll of 30 league “insiders” (eight current general managers, four former GMs, four personnel directors, four executives, six coordinators and four position coaches).
Jim Harbaugh is 41-14 over his three seasons as an NFL head coach. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
ESPN Insider Mike Sando asked his panel to “provide a 1-5 rating for every head coach” in the NFL and New England's Bill Belichick led the way with 28 votes in the first tier. He was followed by Seattle's Pete Carroll (23) and New Orleans' Sean Payton (22).
“Once votes were collected, I averaged the ratings for each coach to produce a 1-32 order,” Sando wrote. “I separated them into tiers at logical cut-off points, based on the voting results (including the tier in which each coach got the majority of his votes, and his average overall score).
“Twenty-three coaches averaged better than a 3.0 on the 1-5 scale (1 was best, 5 worst), and no coaches landed in Tier 5.”
The rest of the Top 9 was comprised of Kansas City's Andy Reid, the New York Giants' Tom Coughlin, the Green Bay Packers' Mike McCarthy, the Pittsburgh Steelers' Mike Tomlin and then the Brothers Harbaugh, with Jim ahead of John, despite John owning that Super Bowl title over him.
As Sando observed, “No NFL coach has more total victories than (Jim) Harbaugh since his arrival with the 49ers in 2011. He and Belichick are each 41-14 over that span, with no other team posting more than 37 victories.
“One GM said he downgraded Harbaugh from a 1 to a 2 over tension between Harbaugh and the front office. Another executive said a 1 should have no real flaws, and that Harbaugh's combustible temperament qualifies as a flaw. Another GM said, ‘the personality stuff is going to show up' in a negative way at some point in the future.
“A former player working as a personnel evaluator downplayed some of the other concerns. ‘That gets a little old, the animation on the sideline and those things,' he said, ‘but at the end of the day, he is a good coach. He understands what he is doing. He has won everywhere he has been. I think his guys play for him. You may not like the person, but you like the product. As a player and a coach, you separate that from the other stuff. You are not necessarily best friends with everyone you work with, but if I believe in what you are saying, OK, I can roll with you. That is what I see with him.'”
The lowest-ranked coach? That would be the Oakland Raiders' Dennis Allen.
Last week I wrote about how Labor Friends of Israel (LFI) – a lobby group within Britain's largest opposition party – appears to be breaking a law on political donations. I am happy to report that the UK's Electoral Commission has now received a formal request to investigate the LFI and similar organizations affiliated to the country's ruling coalition.
Jenny Tonge, a member of the House of Lords, has alerted the Commission to the lack of transparency over how Zionist support groups are funded.
Tonge's letter draws attention to apparent omissions in the information that the “friends of Israel” groups within Labor and the senior government party, the Conservatives, have submitted to the Commission. Under legislation dating from 2001, all donations exceeding £7,500 ($11,600) to “member's associations” within political parties have to be disclosed.
The LFI has reported spending nearly £77,000 on trips to the Middle East for members of Parliament between 2003 and 2009 and is known to have at least two full-time members of staff. The Conservative Friends of Israel (CFI) have reported expenditure of more than £110,000 on travel since 2011, yet have indicated that they only received donations totalling £29,350 in that period.
Tonge wrote, “The Commission surely has an obligation to examine their finances, together with those of Liberal Democrat Friends of Israel, to ensure that they have not failed to declare any donations above the threshold, as it does seem remarkable to have this level of expenditure without significant donations from groups or individuals.”
Pounding the drumbeat of war
The LFI's reticence over its funding is at odds with its determination to prove that it is shaping policy. Its 15 December newsletter gloated at how the first visit to Israel and the West Bank by Douglas Alexander, since his appointment as shadow foreign secretary in January, was hosted by the LFI. During the visit Alexander met Israel's chief spindoctor Mark Regev, a man who has perfected the art of looking suave while telling lies. Alexander showed just how amenable he was to Israeli propaganda by going to see a high school in southern Israel — where, in his words “classrooms doubled up as bomb shelters.”
His itinerary did not include an excursion into the nearby Gaza Strip, where he could have inspected schools destroyed by the highly-equipped Israeli military during Operation Cast Lead three years ago. At least 353 Palestinian children were killed by Israel in that three-week offensive.
The same newsletter illustrates that LFI – like its beloved Regev – has a tenuous relationship with the truth. It brands Iran's nuclear programme “illegal” and notes that the Labor hierarchy has pledged support for sanctions against the Tehran regime. Readers are not provided with any background details about how it was Israel, not Iran, that introduced nuclear weapons to the Middle East and how it is Israel, not Iran, that has refused to sign the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).
The newsletter proceeds to recommend an article by Alan Johnson from the Britain Israel Research Center (BICOM), who praised the British government's determination “to end the diplomatic merry-go-round, to see Iran plain and to act, now and decisively, to confront it.”
If the “friends of Israel” are pounding the drumbeat of war against Iran, then it is vital that they be closely monitored.
s7mon
s7mon
Posts: 27
From: Poland s7mon
s7mon
Posts: 27
From: Poland What a line-up! And Poland included, going definitely Loading...
BloodTears
ANA-thema
Posts: 11835
From: Portugal
11835Portugal BloodTears
ANA-thema
Posts: 11835
From: Portugal
11835Portugal Count me in for the Lisbon date, unless something extravagant happens.
Written by BloodTears on 19.08.2011 at 18:29
Like you could kiss my ass.
My Instagram ---- Loading...
Alakazam
Amatsu Mikaboshi
Posts: 739
From: UK
739UK Alakazam
Amatsu Mikaboshi
Posts: 739
From: UK
739UK Despite my attempts over the Camden date. This could well be my long awaited first time with Fear Factory! Although sadly not with the line-up that I would hope for....
---- Loading...
SceneryOfLoss
Posts: 196
From: Portugal
196Portugal SceneryOfLoss
Posts: 196
From: Portugal
196Portugal Fuck yeah! Will be in the date in Porto! Loading...
Darth Mitchell
Mitchell
Posts: 84
From: The Netherlands
84The Netherlands Darth Mitchell
Mitchell
Posts: 84
From: The Netherlands
84The Netherlands No show in The Netherlands Loading...
Slayerus23
Account deleted Slayerus23
Account deleted Written by BloodTears on 11.06.2012 at 21:00
Count me in for the Lisbon date, unless something extravagant happens.
Same here! It will be great to meet Devin again Same here! It will be great to meet Devin again Loading...
Dark Blood
The Avenger
Posts: 1435
From: Portugal
1435Portugal Dark Blood
The Avenger
Posts: 1435
From: Portugal
1435Portugal Oh man I want! I really hope I can be there in Lisbon.
It is humanity who must pay homage to the greatness of the Universe... not the Universe to the human narcissism.
----It is humanity who must pay homage to the greatness of the Universe... not the Universe to the human narcissism. Loading...
neonxaos
Posts: 160
From: Denmark neonxaos
Posts: 160
From: Denmark Yessssss! Loading...
Dark Blood
The Avenger
Posts: 1435
From: Portugal
1435Portugal Dark Blood
The Avenger
Posts: 1435
From: Portugal
1435Portugal Too bad it's not with Katatonia and Paradise Lost like the north american tour. I'd rather see them than Fear Factory.. but oh well, I'd be happy to see Devin alone!
It is humanity who must pay homage to the greatness of the Universe... not the Universe to the human narcissism.
----It is humanity who must pay homage to the greatness of the Universe... not the Universe to the human narcissism. Loading...
BloodTears
ANA-thema
Posts: 11835
From: Portugal
11835Portugal BloodTears
ANA-thema
Posts: 11835
From: Portugal
11835Portugal Written by Guest on 12.06.2012 at 05:01
Written by BloodTears on 11.06.2012 at 21:00
Count me in for the Lisbon date, unless something extravagant happens.
Same here! It will be great to meet Devin again
Did you meet Devin before? How VIP of you Did you meet Devin before? How VIP of you
Written by BloodTears on 19.08.2011 at 18:29
Like you could kiss my ass.
My Instagram ---- Loading...
Slayerus23
Account deleted Slayerus23
Account deleted Written by BloodTears on 13.06.2012 at 21:41
Written by Guest on 12.06.2012 at 05:01
Written by BloodTears on 11.06.2012 at 21:00
Count me in for the Lisbon date, unless something extravagant happens.
Same here! It will be great to meet Devin again
Did you meet Devin before? How VIP of you
Yeap. Got the chance to give some words at Vagos - he is such a great guy and is always worried about the fans. Yeap. Got the chance to give some words at Vagos - he is such a great guy and is always worried about the fans. Loading...
Warren Buffett's bid to finance Burger King's move to low-tax Canada presents President Barack Obama with a tough political Whopper to swallow, but it's business as usual for the tax-avoiding billionaire.
Washington was buzzing Tuesday after Berkshire Hathaway, Buffett's investment vehicle, said it will finance $3 billion of Burger King's $11 billion purchase of Tim Hortons, a profitable coffee-and-doughnut chain based in Canada.
This news has several savory ironies. The first is the decision by Burger King's owner, a Brazil-U.S. private equity firm called 3G Capital, to move the fast-food franchise's official headquarters to Canada.
Outrage has been building for weeks in Washington over so-called “inversion” deals, in which a U.S. company buys a foreign one and then moves its headquarters abroad to reduce tax bills.
At 15 percent, Canada charges among the world's lowest federal corporate tax rates. At 35 percent, America has one of the highest.
For 3G and Berkshire, the cost-saving, wealth-accumulating arithmetic doesn't get much easier than this.
But isn't Buffett the folksy billionaire who occasionally lectures politicians about tax fairness?
In 2003, he said California's Proposition 13 was “wildly capricious,” using his homes in Laguna Beach and Omaha as examples.
Because he bought his Laguna Beach vacation home in the 1970s, his property taxes were just $2,264 a year, despite its $4 million market value at the time.
In contrast, his second Laguna house, right next door and worth half as much, cost $12,002 in property taxes, because Buffett bought it in the 1990s. Meanwhile, he paid $14,401 in annual taxes on his main home in Omaha, Neb., worth $500,000.
Then, in 2011, Buffett criticized the nation's personal income tax, saying his effective rate was less than his secretary's.
His point was that people who rely on salaries are treated worse by Washington than billionaires, who typically earn most of their money from capital gains and dividends, which receive favorable tax rates.
Ever since, Obama has promoted his Buffett Rule, which would tax the rich at a minimum 30 percent effective rate.
Now the Burger King deal may leave egg on his poster boy's face.
This comes at a bad time for the president, who recently ordered Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew to invent administrative rules to stop corporate inversion deals. No matter that inversion ostensibly cost the Treasury just $2 billion last year, not even a droplet in the $3 trillion federal tax receipts bucket.
In just one of thousands of quirks in the American tax code, inversions are actually good for the economy (and thus raise government revenues), because they encourage newly expatriate companies to return cash to the U.S. for investment.
Of course, Congress could do much more for the nation's workers by cutting the corporate rate to global norms, and ending double-taxation of overseas profits. But this is an election year. It's easier to demonize business than risk voting on legislation.
This brings us back to good old Warren. In making him a symbol for progressive tax reform, politicians have conveniently ignored his long track record of legally dodging them.
Buffett has been refreshingly candid on this point over his 50-year career.
His favorite tactic is to buy shares in great companies and then never sell them, preferring to let their value grow without incurring taxes on a stock sale. For example, most of his estimated $66.8 billion in personal wealth consists of Berkshire Hathaway stock held since the 1960s and never directly taxed.
Even Buffett's pledge to give away 85 percent of his fortune to charity can be viewed as history's biggest tax-avoidance tactic.
On a more prosaic level, Buffett is a master of arcane tax strategies. For example, a recent deal to divest Berkshire of its longtime investment in The Washington Post was structured to deliver no tax bill, saving a reported $675 million.
And The Wall Street Journal reports that Buffett drove a particularly hard bargain for his Burger King investment, which is in the form of preferred equity paying a 9 percent dividend, to compensate Berkshire for $50 million a year in higher taxes it will pay as a U.S. financier.
Mindful of the political heat, Burger King executives said the Tim Hortons deal won't substantially change tax costs for the burger chain's revenues. Moving headquarters north was designed mostly to win Canadian government approval, they say.
While there's no reason to doubt the diplomatic considerations, downplaying the tax angle amounts to pure spin.
Executives want to rapidly expand both chains around the world. All that cash will flow through a nation with a 46 percent tax advantage over the U.S., according to KPMG.
Meanwhile, Buffett is shedding more light on why one study found him to be the best investor in U.S. history.
Without question, America's tax system is goofy, preposterous and unfair. That's why he has worked for 50 years to understand and legally avoid it.
Hi, I'm Matthew Clark, the Senior Technical Architect for BBC Online's Olympic website and apps.
Alongside colleagues Mike Brown and David Holroyd, it's been my responsibility to create the technical strategy that has allowed us to produce successful online Olympic products.
We've focused on the design and development to make sure the site and apps stay reliable and can handle high traffic loads, whilst offering more content than ever before. In this technical blog post I'll be looking at some of the challenges we faced and how we overcame them.
We expected the Olympics would drive far more traffic to our site than ever before, and it did. Planning for this load was not easy. There are over 60,000 dynamically generated pages, many with a significant amount of content on them, so efficient page generation is vital.
Content needs to be as 'live' as possible, so long-term caching is not an option. We use a range of caches (including Content Delivery Networks, Varnish, and mod_cache) to offload the bulk of the traffic from our Apache web servers. For content that's dynamic, cache lifespan (max-age) varies between a few seconds and a few minutes, depending on the context. This is particularly true for the new video player, which needs the latest data every few seconds to compliment the live video stream.
Page generation is done using PHP, which is stateless and receives all of its data through calls to a RESTful API. This API is the Java application layer that retrieves its data from a range of data stores (including MySQL databases, triple stores, and XML content stores). It's the most critical layer from a performance point-of-view, as load is high, calls can involve significant processing, potentially multiple data store calls, and limitations on what can be parallelised. Caching (mod_cache and Memcached) is again used to address the bulk of the traffic.
From data stores to screens, sites and apps
We spent considerable time modelling how traffic creates load on the whole stack. This was first done theoretically (through modelling of user behaviour, load balancing, and caching). We then did it for real - we used data centres around the world to place load equivalent to over a million concurrent users on the site, to confirm everything worked during busy Games load.
More video: handling 2,500 hours of coverage
A moment when all 24 streams were running at the same time. Can you identify what they are?
There's been plenty of discussion about the BBC's 24 video streams, and the challenges of creating them at the International Broadcast Centre by the Olympic Park. This is the equivalent to 24 new channels, offered over cable and satellite as well as via IP.
Once the channels are created, the challenge is to direct viewers to the right content at the right times.
Sport schedules have a habit of changing - extra time, delays due to rain, etc - and the sites and apps need to show this. When an event starts, the tools used by (human) controllers to control the video also log the start in our XML content store. This metadata is then picked up by pages and apps (via an API) so that, within a minute of the event starting, there are links to the content throughout the site, app, and red button. A similar process happens when coverage finishes. Olympic sessions can be as short as 45 minutes, so the faster a video stream can be made available, the better.
More screens: coverage on mobiles, tablets, computers and internet connected TV
The BBC has a four screen strategy where we develop for PCs, tablets, mobiles, and internet connected TV. For the Games we've offered an unprecedented amount of content to all four. In addition, there are Olympic apps for iOS and Android smartphones, a Facebook app, foreign language content for World Service sites, and a red button service for satellite and cable TVs.
Our architecture is the classic multi-tier approach - pushing as much logic as possible into shared components, so that the amount of development for each interface is as low as possible. This is DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) at a multi-platform level. For web pages, a single PHP codebase creates both the desktop and mobile versions. This includes the iOS and Android apps, which use PhoneGap to 'wrap' the mobile website for most of its functionality. It has saved us having to rewrite functionality in native code. Certain other applications, such as the Olympic Facebook app, are different enough to warrant their own codebase, but still make the same API calls to the Java application layer, where most of the 'business' logic is held.
More content: Data is power
Video aside, there is a wealth of data required to make the Olympic site. The primary source is the Olympic Data Service, which blog posts from Oli Bartlett and Dave Rogers have already covered in depth. In brief, Olympic Broadcasting Services (OBS) provide a comprehensive data feed that covers all sports, and provides a wealth of data - from the latest scores to medal tables. This, combined with stories from journalists, and other sources such as Twitter, creates the content for tens of thousands of results, athletes, country, and event pages.
The Dynamic Semantic Publishing (DSP) model, which understands relationships (triples) between all content and concepts, is the process that ensures everything automatically appears in the right place. All created content, including stories, medals, and world records, are tagged (normally automatically) with the appropriate athletes, sports and countries. This causes the content to appear on the appropriate page without human intervention.
In essence, it's this automatic curation of pages that has allowed us to offer such a broad range of products. The automation has kept maintenance to a minimum, freeing journalists to focus on writing content. It's allowed multiple products and thousands of pages to stay up-to-date without a large operational overhead.
More testing: Simulating an entire Olympics
With all this content, data, video, and technology, comes a huge engineering challenge: how do you test it? All development areas follow Test Driven Development (TDD) so there is no shortage of automated unit and component tests. But what happens when you plug everything together? How can you be sure that the right medals go to the right country, or that video works on all devices, or that results appear correctly for all 36 sports? Unlike, say, the football season, the Olympics only happen once every four years, and only last a couple of weeks.
There are no second chances.
We needed to be 100% sure that on day one of the Games, everything would work as expected.
To tackle this we set up an entire team, as big as any development team, with the job of proving everything would work when the Games started. We took a three-pronged approach:
We used as much of the Olympic technology as we could for other sporting events, such as F1 and Wimbledon. This was often offered as a beta service - and we're grateful to all who gave these a go. We used the Olympic test events to get video and stats that would be similar to that of the Games. We ran this on our staging environment so that they could be made to look like real Olympic events without appearing on our normal site. Most importantly, we created fake video and data that let us simulate the Olympics. We picked the most interesting moments of the Games (the opening ceremony, the first big day, etc) and created all the inputs as they would be at that moment. This was run in our staging environment and allowed us to see all sites and apps behave as they would when the Olympics were underway. (You can read more about how we made the simulated data in the post by my colleague Dave Rogers.)
This testing process lasted several months and caught a significant number of bugs and performance problems. Fortunately it paid off - I was a little nervous on the first day of the Games, but it passed without incident.
More for the future
With the end of the Games fast approaching, attention now turns to other areas of the Sport website.
Some features have already been applied throughout - for example, most live video coverage will be in HD from now on. Other services that we've offered for Olympics aren't yet ready for use elsewhere (mobile apps and video chapter points being two). Over the coming months we'll be working on bringing many of these features to the rest of Sport, and perhaps other parts of BBC Online too.
If you've any questions about the technology we've used during the Olympics, please get in touch using the comments below.
Matthew Clark is Senior Technical Architect, Knowledge & Learning, BBC Future Media
It was September 2012 when I felt I was ready to build a biplane- an aerobatic one, not a trainer. With a 1,400mm wingspan, it took me a lot of work to build what you can see in the picture.I started with the wings. The plane features 3mm ribs, a 10x3mm spruce spar (number 1), and a balsa spar (number 2); a 6x6mm spruce leading edge and a 15x6mm balsa trailing edge. The front is covered with 2mm balsa.Assembling the center section of the lower wingMounts for outerwing panels are made of a piece of 4mm construction veneer!Cut ailerons out of the wings and build the hinge mount panel.Finish the ailerons.Cut die bars out of a piece of wood laminate, with which you are going to glue wingtips and curved elements of the tail empennage.Glue parts made of a piece of 10x0.5mm veneer sheet with epoxy in a sandwich-like fashion (eight layers).Assembling empennageThis is my first attempt to build the fuselage out of balsa leftoverI quickly realized that I should have used a different assembly plane. The second time: I built the formers from construction veneer, because there was no more balsa.Building the lower wing and empennage. Now the whole thing looks like an airplane.Stringers are made of 10x3mm balsa planksAfter covering the fuselage with balsa, I applied forced drying. I used a USA-made glue only, and it is similar to the Russian white glue.2mm duralumin gear legs are mounted to a plywood platform.Cover the front of the fuselage with 3mm balsa and the side of the cowl – with 2mm balsa.Mount balsa brace struts with a spruce plank. I had not planned to build a sectional airplane.Mount servo cradles and tape the plane.I made die bars for the front of the cowl and the canopy out of an idle piece of balsa.I built the canopy using the bottle technology, out of a 5l polyethylene bottle. Also, I used sausage tape as a separator when gluing the front of the cowl.The material, which I used, were the remains of bed sheets of an unknown origin. I can say that the fabric stretched well and wouldn't wrinkle. I used white glue for the first two layers and epoxy for the third one.Now that the power unit and other necessities were mounted, the flight weight totaled 3,780g!We test-flew it yesterday, those were our first two successful flights with an attempt to perform an aerobatic maneuver.This is Alexander Andreyevitch Ognev - the man to who I'm very grateful for transporting the plane to the field, general support and participation. Here he is with the Pitts right after the very first landing!
Nova Launcher remains the go-to alternative launcher for power users, customization fanatics, and plain old everyday Android fans. The developer continues to iterate the app with a ton of new features and options, and the full version bump to 5.0 is all about emulating the look of Google's official (and so far unannounced) Pixel launcher. It's available in beta form now from the Play Store program, but the developer also makes the updated APK available as a direct download.
Here's the full list of new features in the 5.0 beta, according to Kevin Barry:
New Pixel Launcher style searchbar
New search view, with tabs for Frequent, Recent and New/Updated apps
New "Timeout" screen lock method
New double-tap-swipe gestures
Integrated searchbar into drawer (card and immersive)
Option for dock backgrounds to draw under navbar
Nougat fixes and optimizations
Improve interactions with KLWP
For my money the coolest new feature is in app searching, which is now split into three different tabs for more quickly parsing through the apps on your phone without manually setting up drawer folders. The developer recommends a few settings if you want to emulate the Pixel launcher completely: enable swipe to open the dock, disable the card background and set the background color to white, set page indicators to lines, and set the dock background as a white transparent rectangle behind the navigation bar.
All that said, none of the new additions really affect the core functionality of the already-solid launcher (with the possible exception of Nougat users), so don't be in too much of a hurry to try the latest version if you're already happy with Nova.
Cambridge University is putting the papers of Sir Isaac Newton online for the first time, including his own annotated copy of his greatest work, Principia Mathematica, with notes and calculations in his handwriting revising the book and answering critics.
So far, more than 4,000 pages, about 20% of the university's Newton archive, have been put into digital form as part of a programme that will eventually give the public access to the papers of other famous scientists, ranging from Darwin to Ernest Rutherford. Included in the papers are the handwritten notes made after Newton's death, in 1727, by his colleague Thomas Pellet, who was asked by relatives of the great scientist to examine the papers with a view to publication.
Pellet's dismissive note, saying "Not fit to be printed", can be seen on some pages – which are now, inevitably, among those most closely studied. It is thought Pellet was attempting to censor some of Newton's more juvenile calculations and, more urgently, stifle his unorthodox religious views.
Grant Young, the university library's digitisation manager, said: "You can see Newton's mind at work in the calculations and how his thinking was developing. His copy of the Principia contains pages interleaved with the printed text with his notes.
"The book has suffered much, pages are badly burned or water-stained, so it is very delicate and rarely put on show. Before today anyone who wanted to see these things had to come to Cambridge and get permission to see them, but we are now bringing Cambridge University library to the world at the click of a mouse."
Other papers now released come from Newton's notebooks and the "waste book" he carried with him to continue his work while the university was closed down during the Plague in 1665.
These documents show his initial work in understanding calculus.
Among the next papers to be released will be those of the 18th-century Board of Longitude, which was charged with securing a more accurate method of navigation at sea.
The records of the early astronomers royal, including Edmund Halley and John Flamsteed, will also be put online. Charles Darwin's papers are already being published separately online but eventually will be incorporated into the digital project.
The science papers project has received an initial grant of £1.5m from the Polonsky charitable foundation, which supports research and higher education.
Is a “perp” who attempts to permanently scar a victim with a knife more or less depraved than one who forces a child to witness a murder? How evil would you rate a terrorist who targets civilians in comparison to a serial killer who picks victims according to their race or ethnicity?
A leading forensic psychiatrist who has testified in some of America's most infamous violent crime cases seeks the nation's collective opinion on these and other imponderables to complete more than 13 years of pioneering research aimed at codifying the concept of evil for the justice system.
Dr. Michael Welner and his team at the Forensic Panel in New York have issued a survey that asks participants to rate 25 violent crime elements for input into the group's so-called Depravity Standard. Behind the scenes, talks are already under way with state officials around the country to introduce them to the standard, which Welner says would provide evidence-based guidelines aimed at helping reduce the degree of subjectivity that occurs throughout the judicial process, not least at the prosecutorial stage.
[pullquote]
“In criminal courts today, the decision to charge a case as heinous, atrocious, cruel, depraved or vile rests with the prosecuting authority," Welner – who's given expert testimony in such cases as Andrea Yates' drowning of her five children in their bathtub, and the prosecution of Elizabeth Smart's kidnapper, Brian David Mitchell – said in an interview with FoxNews.com. "But because the law does not include a standard to what constitutes an evil crime, that decision is either visceral, or one that may be driven by political considerations, bias, or sensationalism."
“A Depravity Standard that is rooted in specific hallmarks of intent, actions, attitude and victimology keeps prosecutors accountable to fully investigate a crime for these unique qualities so that evidence informs decision making.”
According to Welner, the Depravity Standard would complement the principle of legal precedent, which exists in varying capacities throughout the United States to standardize the application of justice.
Together with Forensic Panel Research Director Kate O'Malley, Welner is calling on all adults to participate in the survey, which would crown two earlier public surveys involving 30,000 participants.
“At the conclusion of this phase, we will be able to assign weights to homicides, sex crimes, assaults, and non-violent crimes to enable all crimes to be compared against one another – and to actually determine the level of evil in a crime,” Welner said.
Welner is founder and chair of the Forensic Panel, a peer-review forensic consultancy whose advisory board for the Depravity Standard includes a wide spectrum of experts from the judicial, law enforcement, medical and academic fields.
[image]
According to the organization, taking society's temperature on what constitutes depraved crime is reflective of the spirit of the US Supreme Court's 1976 Gregg v Georgia ruling which, in addition to effectively ending the court's de facto moratorium on the death penalty in 1972, called for societal standards to guide deliberations of aggravating factors raised in capital sentencing.
Beyond informing prosecutors, the completed Depravity Standard will be made available to detectives to more fully draw out evidence illustrating intent; judges and juries in sentencing and other decision making; corrections officials in making early release recommendations amid prison overcrowding; prison review officials and governors regarding pardon requests; war crimes tribunals in order to transcend the political controversies that sometimes plague such institutions; and academics in order to more carefully study severity within classes of crime, such as hate crimes, domestic violence, drug-related crimes, and other distinct areas of interest.
“We have received requests to use the Depravity Standard in actual cases by criminal defense attorneys and by prosecutors,” Welner said.
“Each of these requests was motivated by, respectively, a defense attorney who recognized that his crime was being overcharged and wanted to demonstrate the unfairness for a court; or a prosecutor who believed his case reflected an exceptional crime and wanted to educate a jury as to why.”
The survey is believed to be the first criminal justice project to reflect the influence of one person, one vote, in a manner that enables future jurors, future families of victims and even perpetrators – because they're invited to participate as well – to directly fashion an aspect of criminal sentencing that may one day affect any person's life.
“We have more confidence in the laws we directly have a hand in making,” Welner argued. “Standards that reflect the will of many are the essence of E Pluribus Unum – out of many, one.”
Additional examples of the 25 elements include targeting victims who are not merely vulnerable, but helpless; disregarding the known consequences to a victim; and showing intent to carry out a crime for excitement of the criminal act.
You can participate in the survey at https://depravitystandard.org/register.html
Steven Edwards is a New York-based journalist. Follow him on Twitter @stevenmedwards
''They lose nothing from this change,'' Mr Newman said today of LGBT community members who had fought hard for the right to register their relationships. Shelley Argent of the PFAG said she was pleasantly surprised by the Newman government's decision on same-sex civil unions. Credit:Daniel Hurst Mr Newman said state-sanctioned ceremonies were what offended Christian groups opposed to civil unions, beause they appeared to mimic marriage. Today's decision showed ''good faith'' to the Christian groups who lobbied on the issue, he said, while stressing that the changes involved ''minimal amendments''. Couples who had already entered into civil unions would not be affected by the changes, he said.
''All those people have the same legal status; [this] doesn't change anything at all.'' Attorney-General Jarrod Bleijie said of the 609 civil unions that had been registered in Queensland as of late May, just 21 had also held declaration ceremonies. ‘‘I was conscious when the government won the election ... that we did not want to leave people in any legal limbo,'' he said. Mr Newman was today reluctant to restate his personal views in support of same-sex marriage. ''You know my views ... Yes, I've said them before,'' he said.
Wendy Francis, the Queensland state director of the Australian Christian Lobby, today praised the amendments, saying homosexuals already had all the rights they needed before the bill was passed. ‘‘The main thing the ACL wanted was to take out the mimicking parts of the acts so that was the ceremony and the civil celebrant so I'll be glad that's gone,'' she told brisbanetimes.com.au this afternoon. Shelley Argent, of the Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays organisation, said she wanted to ‘‘say thank you to Campbell Newman for seeing sense''. ‘'I must say I'm pleasantly surprised,'' she said. ‘'Little disappointing that they have removed the ceremony; still, that's OK, we can get along with that.''
Mrs Argent said Mr Newman had tried to placate both sides of the debate.
‘‘I am relieved. We were expecting the worst.'' Mrs Francis said it was a ‘‘good day'' for herself and the Australian Christian Lobby but she would wait to see the complete amendments before saying if they went far enough. She said she had hoped the civil union legislation would be repealed but was happy the ‘‘marriage mimicking'' parts were being repealed. ‘‘The gay community already did have all of the rights that they needed to not be discriminated against so I'm interested to see what [the government] have changed,'' she said. ‘‘But certainly if they have taken out the celebrants and ceremonies then they have taken out what's mimicking marriage so I'll be happy.''
Mrs Francis said she hadn't met with Mr Newman since the state election, but had lobbied the Attorney-General on the issue. Mr Newman said the changes to legislation were likely to come before Parliament within the next few sitting weeks. He said the changes represented ''the best outcome for everyone and now it's time to move on''. Opposition Leader Annastacia Palaszczuk called on Mr Newman to grant his MPs a free vote on the matter, arguing it was only fair electors knew where their local member stood. “It is small minded to deny opposite-sex and same-sex couples a ceremony when entering a civil union,” she said in a statement.
“Even if only a minority of people have a ceremony in front of family and friends it is still important to them.” The change reflects comments made in March by former Queensland Law Society president Bruce Doyle, who told brisbanetimes.com.au an LNP government might change the civil union legislation into a relationships register that did not allow the option of a ceremony. That option would rebrand the legislation “with a new name, but without symbols that mimic marriage”, he said at the time. Liberal National Party MPs voted against the civil union legislation when it was introduced to Parliament last year, arguing it mimicked marriage and the party was opposed to changing the definition of marriage. In December, Mr Newman told brisbanetimes.com.au the LNP would look at repealing the law if it was elected, but said it may not be possible to do so.
In the interview, Mr Newman suggested repealing the civil union legislation after people had already entered into civil unions would be an “unacceptable and intolerable situation” for those people. “So in that scenario we wouldn't be doing anything,” he said in the interview recorded days after Parliament passed the civil unions legislation. During the formal election campaign, Mr Newman said the party was implacably opposed to civil unions and would look at repealing the law, but added he did not want to leave people in legal limbo. The civil union legislation, which came into effect in February, allows same-sex and heterosexual couples to register their relationship with the Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages and have a ceremony if they wish to do so. Two e-petitions on the topic are currently active on the Queensland Parliament website.
One anti-civil-unions petition, “Defending marriage in Queensland”, has so far attracted 4954 signatures. Another petition calling on the government not to repeal the law, titled “Defending civil unions in Queensland”, has 4009 signatures. Mr Newman has previously voiced his personal support for allowing same-sex marriage. He has said the matter should be dealt with at a federal level. As of last month, 518 couples had formally registered their civil partnerships with the Queensland Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages, the majority of these being same-sex couples. Australian Medical Association Queensland president Richard Kidd and the dean of Brisbane's St John's Anglican Cathedral, Peter Catt, had both urged the Newman government to consider the psychological impact of repealing civil unions. Australian Marriage Equality national convener Alex Greenwich, who is lobbying for a change to the federal marriage act to allow same-sex couples to wed, said today's decision was “a good example of why allowing same-sex marriages is the only way to deliver true equality for same-sex couples”.
“Civil unions can be tampered with and watered down but marriage will always provide full recognition,” he said in a statement. Mr Greenwich said he was “deeply troubled” by Mr Newman's statement that state-sanctioned ceremonies would be removed because they offended some Christians. Loading “Religious values, however deeply held, can never be a reason to take away people's rights,” he said. - with Bridie Jabour
The Bands of Gonerfest 12- Meet, Sweet Knives
Sweet Knives (Photo by Dan Ball)
Lost Sounds – “Sweet Knives”
Sweet Knives play Saturday September 26th at …Murphy's 10 Band Blowout 1-7pm
Today we Meet, Sweet Knives. Sweet Knives is 3 members of Lost Sounds, Trout, Crook, and Garland. plus guitarist Johnny Valiant . All I can tell you is that if you are into full throttle kick ass tunes this is a Band that you will want to see perform. There is a whole lot of back history to Sweet Knives so I included a recent article that will help all of you who are not familiar with Lost Sounds. For all of you who are here because you dig Goner Records , you know all this so I've included some recent clips of Sweet Knives performing so you can get an idea of what awaits you. I'll shut up now by just saying…this is some pretty great shit…
about 30 minutes for all 3….it will be the best 30 minutes of your week……
Can you give us a little history of the band….
Sweet Knives is a reboot of Lost Sounds, which was an electronic synth punk rock n roll band active 1999-2005 in Memphis.
a little more detail , this is from Memphis Flyer
Sweet Knives
by Chris McCoy
May 14, 2015
From Lennon and McCartney to Andre 3000 and Big Boi, music history is littered with creative partners who push each other to greater heights.
One such partnership began in 1998, when Alicja Trout and Jay Reatard came together in a Midtown kitchen to form the Lost Sounds. In the tradition of his idols the Oblivians, 18-year-old Jay Lindsey had adopted his moniker from his first band, the Reatards, who had just released their second record on Goner. Trout was an Antenna/Barristers scenester who had gotten into analog synthesizers while playing in the Clears with musical polymath Shelby Bryant, who was the inspiration for DJ Qualls' character in Hustle & Flow. Along with drummer Rich Crook, they had their first show in early 1999 at a downtown loft on Madison called the Parallax Theatre.
Trout and Reatard soon became romantic as well as musical partners. Both were incredibly prolific songwriters, and the sound they created together was unlike anything else in Memphis — or anywhere else. The primitivist, guitar-heavy garage punk the Oblivians pioneered was about to blow up with the White Stripes' seminal album White Blood Cells, which was recorded in Memphis around the same time. Adding synthesizers and calling on influences like Devo and Suicide was heresy.
“We started at the same time as Lucero,” Trout recalls. “They invited us to play a show. There were a lot more people there for Lucero than us, but it was super cool to get the two bands to play together, because we were so different. It was very clear to me at that time that the Memphis audience wanted to hear their kind of music more than ours. We had to go to big cities with lots of people to get accepted. There were a lot of stares and jaw drops. But then we sold tons of merch.”
Even though the band never entered a studio, they created a string of classic recordings, starting with 2000's Memphis Is Dead.
“Jay was a home-recording genius,” Trout says. “I don't use that word much, but that's where his real genius was: making cheap home recordings sound amazing. We were so wrapped up in the sounds. It started getting really, really strange. We were living in our own world. I think people had trouble catching on to it at the time.”
In 2001, the Lost Sounds released their masterpiece, the double album Black Wave. With the addition of bassist Jonas Garland and cellist Jonathan Kirkscey, they took their sound to operatic extremes. “We just kept adding layers of synths,” Trout says. “It never sounded live like it sounded in the recording. We didn't worry about anything, because we were just going and going. It was like a race.”
Crook says at the time of the Black Wave recording sessions, the two songwriters would bring in tapes of their songs to the rest of the band: “Those demos would sound awesome, and then we would work on it to make it 20 times bigger.”
Reatard was famous for his confrontational personality, and his and Trout's relationship proved volatile. But for a time, their creativity thrived on the tension. As Trout sang on Black Wave's opener “Reasons To Kill,” “You've got me, I've got you.”
After two more full albums and a string of singles, demos, and outtakes, Trout and Reatard's relationship ended in late 2004, and after a final European tour, the band broke up in Germany.
“Jay more or less left, and that was the end of the band,” Crook says. “We tried to convince him to put feelings aside and keep going, but that wasn't going to happen with Jay. So when he left the band, it was over.”
Reatard went on to a solo career that would become hugely influential on the current crop of garage punks before dying of a drug overdose in 2009. Trout channeled her restless creativity by strapping on a guitar for River City Tanlines and making dreamy pop with Mouserocket. As for the Lost Sounds, “The songs were left out there to die,” Crook says.
But the band never forgot about them. According to Trout:
“Rich and I were always tossing around the thought that we had all these songs that were just floating in limbo. We had so many good songs and had spent so much time on it. What can we do with them now? How can that be done missing Jay? Who can sing his parts? Then I was like, why are we looking for someone to do Jay's part?”
On Friday, May 15th, Trout, Crook, and Garland will reunite at the Hi-Tone with the addition of guitarist Johnny Valiant under the moniker Sweet Knives to play Trout's Lost Sounds-era songs for the first time in a decade.
“I am so glad I spent so much time on it, because I would never write songs like that any more. I wouldn't have that kind of time or dedication or energy. I was trying so hard to make something new,” Trout says.
“We worked so hard on the sound I wanted to create. It wasn't just, ‘these chords sound pretty, and these words rhyme.' It was a sound. And I'm very thankful that I did that, and I had a band to hammer it out with.”
Do you stop by roadside attractions if you see it on a billboard while on the road? If so what have you seen?
The THING, Arizona
Wiki- The Thing, Roadside Attraction
Boomland, MO
Roman Coliseum, we went there at 2am, all lit up and no tourists.
Craziest story you can tell us about touring …..
lots
What songs do you remember most from your childhood?
the Monkees and Alvin and the Chipmunks singing “I Wanna Hold Your Hand”
What are you looking forward to the most when you think about Gonerfest 12….
I love seeing this small community of people with outsider taste in music come together. Funnest shows are usually at the Gazebo by Goner Records.
Who are some of your favorite new Bands ….
Bass Drum of Death
Digital Leather
Marvel or DC?
both
any last words of wisdom for you fans?
no
Lost Sounds, Facebook
Goner Records , Gonerfest Info/Tickets
Sweet Knives (Photo by Dan Ball)
Image caption Brian Haw's protest in London lasted for just over a decade.
Peace campaigner Brian Haw has died after "a long hard fight" against lung cancer, his family has announced.
Mr Haw, 62, set up a camp in London's Parliament Square in 2001 in protest against UK and US foreign policy.
In March 2011, a High Court ruling obtained by London's mayor forced him to move his camp on to the pavement.
In a statement posted on Mr Haw's website, his family said he had died on 18 June in Germany, where he had been receiving medical treatment.
They said Mr Haw, from Redditch, Worcestershire, passed away in his sleep in no pain.
'Courage and determination'
An additional statement on his website from his campaign representatives said: "Brian showed great determination and courage during the many long hard years he led his Peace Campaign in Parliament Square, during which it is well documented that he was relentlessly persecuted by the authorities which eventually took its toll on his health.
"Brian showed the same courage and determination in his battle with cancer. He was keenly aware of and deeply concerned that so many civilians in Iraq, Afghanistan and Palestine did not have access to the same treatments that were made available to him.
He made peace a daily demand for MPs and all those who worked in Parliament, passed or visited London Jeremy Corbyn MP
"Parliament, the police, and courts etc, should forever be ashamed of their disgraceful behaviour towards Brian."
Andrew Burgin, from the Stop the War Coalition, said Mr Haw's death was a tragic loss.
"Brian was a fantastic inspiration to us all, a stalwart of the peace camp," he said. "We hope that his work goes on."
Labour MP Jeremy Corbyn praised Mr Haw for reminding MPs "of the consequences of their decisions".
Fellow Labour MP Paul Flynn paid tribute to the peace campaigner on Twitter, saying: "Brian Haw's 10 years of 24/7 protest in all weathers against the futile wars in Iraq/Helmand deserves the nation's thanks and admiration."
Labour's John McDonnell, who served as a character witness for Mr Haw when he was arrested, tweeted that he respected Mr Haw's commitment to his campaign for peace.
Camp battle
Mr Haw set up camp in Parliament Square Gardens on 2 June 2001, in response to sanctions against Iraq. His protest grew broader after the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq.
Supporters at the camp have left his camping chair in place and his collection of bleak war photos at the site remains untouched.
Over the past decade, Mr Haw fought a lengthy battle with the authorities to keep his camp in place.
I'm determined to be there until they kill me. How much longer will that be? Brian Haw, 2010
In April 2002 Westminster City Council began legal action under the Highways Act to remove his camp on the grounds that he was a "nuisance", but the case never came to court. It later succeeded in limiting the hours he could use a megaphone but failed in an attempt to remove his placards for "obstruction" and "unlawful advertising".
Legislation passed in 2005 banned unauthorised protests within a square mile of Parliament but Mr Haw's protest was initially ruled to be outside the Act because it had been established before it came into effect.
In May 2006, however, the Court of Appeal said Mr Haw would need police permission to continue the protest. This was granted, but police limited his protest site to an area 3m wide by 1m deep by 3m high. They later tried to seize almost all his placards on the grounds he had breached those limits and left the site open to terrorists but a judge in 2007 ruled he had no case to answer.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Brian Haw was a fierce opponent of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
In May 2010, Mr Haw was charged with obstructing police during searches of tents on the green. Speaking after a court appearance, he set out his intention to remain in the square for the rest of his life.
"We're there because our country is committing infanticide, genocide, the looting of nations. I'm determined to be there until they kill me. How much longer will that be?"
In March this year, Mayor of London Boris Johnson won a possession order to evict Mr Haw and other campaigners from Parliament Square Gardens, which is owned by the Greater London Authority (GLA).
Mr Haw and many of the protesters subsequently moved on to the pavement - owned by Westminster Council. Westminster Council has been seeking a removal order, on the grounds the camp is obstructing the public highway.
If the council wins its court bid, the camp could be permanently removed.
Behind the protest
Mr Haw was born in 1949, initially living in Barking, Essex. He was a member of the merchant navy, ran a removals business and worked as a carpenter.
An evangelical Christian, his faith saw him visit Northern Ireland during the Troubles, and the killing fields of Cambodia.
He also worked with troubled youngsters in Redditch, Worcestershire, where he lived with his wife Kay and his seven children before starting his Parliament Square protest.
He said the children of Iraq and other countries were "every bit as valuable and worthy of love as my precious wife and children".
"I want to go back to my own kids and look them in the face again, knowing that I've done all I can to try and save the children of Iraq and other countries who are dying because of my government's unjust, amoral, fear - and money-driven policies," he said.
Taxpayers have shelled out $871 million in medical malpractice settlements over the last decade to make up for mistakes by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), while the employees who created the liability often also continued to collect checks.
Settlement payments have gone up sharply in recent years, totaling $230 million since 2014, with this year by far the most expensive on record even before it closes.
The VA has made 4,353 malpractice settlements since 2006, for an average award of $200,000. The number of cases per year has risen from 322 in 2006 to 541 last year. Eight cases have involved settlements of $1 million or more.
The settlements allow the government to avoid admitting guilt, which often bolsters VA claims that its employees did nothing wrong, even when the department's 770 in-house lawyers apparently think there'd be enough evidence in court to the contrary.
The Daily Caller News Foundation reported Dec. 9, 2015, on the case of Fredrick Kevin Harris, a 240-pound nurse's aide who witnesses say beat a 70-year-old VA patient to death. The coroner, prosecutors and inspector general agreed.
The VA cleared Harris in an internal investigation, took no disciplinary action, and insisted there was no negligence and all policies were followed. Harris still works at the hospital. But that didn't prevent VA from paying a $215,000 settlement in the Harris case.
A VA spokesman told TheDCNF the government “may settle tort litigation matters for any number of reasons” even if VA investigations conclude it was “not culpable.”
Rep. [crscore]Jeff Miller[/crscore], chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, told TheDCNF VA is paying twice by keeping incompetent employees on staff while also having to clean up the legal messes they create.
“The fact that VA reached a settlement agreement with the victim's family in this case appears to be a tacit admission that the department's actions were wrong. But the key question VA leaders must now answer is ‘who will be disciplined for the wrongdoing and when?'” Miller told TheDCNF.
Miller and other VA critics say the department enters into settlements in part to protect bad employees, whom it has seemed reluctant to fire. The lack of any finding of wrongdoing in court is in turn used as evidence that the employee should not be disciplined.
“Are some of these settlements you're paying people off to hide your misdeeds?” asked Andrew Kloster, an expert on federal courts at the Heritage Foundation. “The government uses settlements to manage their public image, I think that's obvious, but it's routine practice. The perennial frustration is they can settle and then you're not going to get something on the books.”
No one wants “everything to go to trial, because then it would cost a lot more than a billion dollars,” Kloster told TheDCNF, noting that busy Department of Justice attorneys, not VA lawyers, represent the department when a case goes to trial.
The key question, he said, is “In what percent of the settlements do they lead to employees being disciplined or fired?”
The Harris settlement was completed before his criminal trial on manslaughter charges. Based on public records, it was not apparent that the dead veteran had close relatives, so it was unclear who agreed to accept the $215,000 payment.
Lawyers say that while it can be expensive to litigate even groundless lawsuits, it's more expensive for an organization to give payouts to anyone who threatens action, because it sets a precedent for others to make frivolous claims. The 770 in-house lawyers also keeps costs down.
Settlements often have confidentiality clauses that may keep veterans from discussing their bad experiences with the news media or other public outlets.
The VA has little monetary incentive to avoid keeping reckless employees on the payroll because settlements are paid out of a different department's money. The Department of Treasury has a “judgment fund,” an “indefinite appropriation” that can pay out money for other agencies' errors.
A VA spokesman said there is a payment in about 27 percent of tort claims filed. He said that the VA had 93 million patient visits in 2014, and only 0.0004 percent of them led to malpractice settlements.
The year 2014 was “unusually higher” than normal, the spokesman said, “largely due to the payment of four settlements and judgments that total over $30 million.”
If the VA has little skin in the game when employee misconduct is involved, employees themselves have even less. Sometimes, employees go undisciplined, while in others VA enters into separate confidential settlements with them that include huge payments followed by their resignation.
After VA's IG concluded earlier this year that the actions of Rebecca Wiley, the director of a Georgia hospital, contributed to nine deaths, the department paid her $76,000 in a confidential settlement and Wiley retired, according to the Augusta Chronicle. The Treasury Department data includes few details about individual cases, making it impossible to know if relatives of the nine dead also received payments to fend off legal action.
The VA said that if there is a settlement or judgment, the VA's Office of Medical Legal Affairs reviews whether it was due to misconduct or incompetence or another factor and “makes determinations as to whether these practitioners should be reported to the National Practitioner Data Bank and their names reported to the state licensing boards.”
Sen. [crscore]Elizabeth Warren[/crscore]'s “Truth in Settlements Act,” which passed the Senate in September, is aimed at ensuring that companies don't use settlements with government regulators to cover up misdeeds, saying that these agreements were too often confidential.
A Warren spokesman did not respond when asked if the Massachusetts Democrat shares the same concerns when a government agency is the alleged wrongdoer.
Follow Luke on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact:licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Buy Photo Construction of the new Wegmans continues just north of the Delaware border in Glen Mills, Pa. The store, scheduled to open Nov. 8, will employ 525 employees. (Photo: JENNIFER CORBETT/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
The Wegmans Food Markets location in Abingdon, Maryland, has become the centerpiece of Linda and Harry Bacon's trips to visit their daughter near Baltimore. They'll often pick up their grandchildren at the store, have lunch, do some grocery shopping and maybe buy a cake for a special event back at their North Wilmington home.
"If there was a closer Wegmans, I'd be more than happy to do all my shopping there," said Linda Bacon, who in 2008 launched a Facebook campaign to bring the chain to the Wilmington area.
She's about to have her wish come true.
The Rochester, New York, company on Wednesday announced that Nov. 8 would be the opening date of its 111,000-square-foot Concordville store in Glen Mills, Pennsylvania. The store is being built in the Brandywine Mills Shopping Center on U.S. 202 just south of U.S. 1, about 5 miles from the Delaware state line.
The company also Wednesday announced that 525 people would be hired, 500 locally, for the store, including 175 full-time positions.
Wegmans (Photo: Wegmans)
"We're looking for people who share our passion for helping customers make great meals easy," said store manager Todd Strassner Jr., in a statement.
Wegmans – which has developed a cult following over the years – has 85 stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia, Maryland and Massachusetts. Rivals include Whole Foods and Trader Joe's.
A 38,000-square-foot Whole Foods opened in Glen Mills in March 2012.
Wegmans is known for its variety of products, including prepared foods and rare ingredients. The Concordville store will include the Pub by Wegmans, a full-service casual restaurant and bar.
Amy Watson Bish, one of Bacon's 300 members on her Facebook page, said she first went to Wegmans as a kid when her family would visit relatives in upstate New York.
"Our experiences in Wegmans has always been fantastic," Bish said. "There is such an attention to detail at Wegmans."
Bacon said she expected she would visit the new store as much as four times a week.
"Comparing other stores to Wegmans is comparing apples and oranges. You can get special things there, but also do your regular shopping. It has the reputation of not costing your whole paycheck," she said.
Wegmans stores also are set to open in Alexandria, Virginia, and Westwood, Massachusetts, this year.
Full-time applicants can apply at wegmans.com or by calling (877) 934-6267. Applications will not be accepted at the store or the construction site. Interviews for full-time positions are expected to take place at Wegmans' Chadds Ford employment office in April.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1bthTkQ
NAIROBI (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The number of Somalis who do not have enough to eat has risen to five million, or more than four out of ten people, due to poor rains, the United Nations said on Tuesday, with children at the greatest risk of ill-health and death.
The figure has increased by 300,000 since February, it said, amid ongoing conflict between the Islamist militant group al Shabaab and Somalia's African Union-backed government.
“The situation is of serious concern and comes at a time when we are already facing multiple drivers of needs, including drought and risk of flooding, conflict and access constraints as well as increased refugee returns,” the United Nations said in a statement.
Tens of thousands of refugees have returned to Somalia this year from the world's largest refugee camp, Dadaab, in Kenya as the government pushes ahead with plans to close it by November.
Kenya says Dadaab, home to more than 300,000 mostly Somali refugees has been used as a base by al Shabaab in its attacks on Kenyan soil.
Many are returning to south-central Somalia, the nation's breadbasket, where poor rainfall has reduced cereal production to half the long-term average, the U.N. said.
Over 300,000 children under five are acutely malnourished and more than 50,000 are severely malnourished, the U.N. said, appealing for additional funding to support them.
Severely malnourished children are at risk of death unless they receive therapeutic feeding.
The majority of the 260,000 people who died during Somalia's 2011 famine were children.
Hunger is a particularly acute among Somalia's 1.1 million internally displaced people, many of whom are living in “appalling conditions”, having fled their homes multiple times, the U.N. said.
The displaced are constantly threatened with forced eviction and violence against women is widespread, it said.
Cereal production has been good in crop-growing parts of Somaliland in the north, but drought continues in other parts of the semi-autonomous region where most people are livestock herders, it said.
The La Nina weather phenomenon is likely to worsen hunger as it will affect Somalia's October to January short rainy season, known as the Deyr, the Famine Early Warning Systems Network has said.
La Nina, characterized by unusually cold temperatures in the equatorial Pacific Ocean, is predicted to hit swathes of east and southern Africa already hit by El Nino, a warming of the Pacific Ocean.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – Rob Girardier is the beer baron of his south St. Louis home.
'This is where we eat food but it`s still packed full of Stag stuff so the whole thing is like a shrine to Stag.
This gateway city resident has a garage that will catch your eye and wet your taste buds.
And a mahogany front door that makes it clear he`s a Stag man.
This is an old Griesedieck Brothers in the black and red. Anything in the black and red is before 1957 and the bottoms are pre-1957.
From rare Mr. Magoo storyboards for Stag beer to lots and lots of neon lager signs, Rob is a fan of all things Stag related.
'It`s delicious,' says Girardier. 'I like it, its good it`s just fun and then it got to be fun they have so many cool collectable things you can get.
The Stag beer brand dates back to 1851.
The Western brewery of Belleville, Illinois produced Stag and a collection of memorabilia that is simply intoxicating for Girardier.
Although, he hasn`t been collecting his entire life.
'Seven years,' says Girardier. 'Just when AB and Inbev merged is when I started collecting.'
After abandoning other St. Louis beers, Girardier spent a few bucks on the male deer beer brand.
A fan of the malty character of the beer and the advertising and signage that came with it, Rob is showing no signs of slowing his skills of acquiring ale accessories.
'People leave stuff on my porch all the time,' says Girardier. 'I`ve had hats left on my truck and antlers left on my truck.'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DW8f6Er_ZO4
https://www.instagram.com/stagbobio/
CLOSE National Coral Reef Management Fellow Whitney Hoot shows residents how they can help protect Guam's coral reefs at a Science Sunday program on July 16, 2017. Chloe B Babauta/PDN
Families come out to the T. Stell Newman Visitor Center for a Science Sunday presentation on how coral reef health is affected by human users on July 16, 2017. (Photo: Frank San Nicolas/PDN)
Coral reef experts shared information on how human users affect Tumon Bay's reef and how residents can help protect corals, at the Science Sunday program.
The Guam Community Coral Reef Monitoring Program and National Park Service held the program open to the public on July 16 at the T. Stell Newman Visitor Center in Santa Rita.
National Coral Reef Management Fellow Whitney Hoot presented on factors that affect Guam's reefs to residents and tourists.
Different factors contribute to the detriment of the island's coral reefs, including climate change, littering and human activity, according to Hoot.
After conducting research on Tumon Bay with her colleagues, Hoot found there was more physical damage to corals closer to the shore. They also tracked human activity along the bay and found most beachgoers stayed mostly by the shore. People stepping on corals or touching them causes damage, Hoot said.
Protecting Guam's corals helps sustain the tourism industry as well, as thousands visit the island's beaches and come to snorkel and see the ocean life every year. There were 1,535,410 total visitors on Guam in 2016, according to numbers from the Guam Visitors Bureau in Hoot's presentation.
(Story continues below photos.)
Residents and tourists can do the following to help protect the reef:
Don't touch, step on or kick corals. They are fragile and can break easily, and take a long time to grow back. Disease can spread between coral colonies by humans touching them.
Don't go kayaking or paddle boarding at low tide, as you're more likely to hit the corals.
Don't feed the fish.
Don't litter.
Use reef-safe sunblock. Most sunblock contains chemicals that can damage corals.
“Guam's corals are facing a lot of threats — everything from pollution to climate change, so recreational use is something we can actually do something about,” Hoot said. “So we're hoping that Guam can come together and reduce these impacts, and we hope that you will attend one of our training sessions for Eyes of the Reef Marianas.”
Eyes of the Reef training shows the public how to identify and report coral bleaching and disease, so experts can respond as quickly as possible. Training is free and open to all ages.
For more information on how you can help protect Guam's reefs, visit the Eyes of the Reef Marianas website, call 646-1905 or email eormarianas@gmail.com.
Reporter Chloe Babauta keeps readers up to date on Guam's latest trends, food spots, festivals and more. Follow her on Twitter @chloebabauta and Instagram @mestisachamorrita. Follow Pacific Daily News on Facebook/GuamPDN and Instagram @guampdn.
READ MORE:
Read or Share this story: http://www.guampdn.com/story/news/2017/07/16/experts-share-tips-saving-guams-coral-reef/482582001/
"Got married and my wife had a preemie baby all in the same year.
"My son spent his first few days in the hospital ICU until he was strong enough to come home. By year's end, we had racked up about $15,000 in credit card debt. "Decided all along that my wife would be a stay-at-home mom, and my govt salary was barely getting us by paycheck to paycheck. Fortunately, I invested in the gov't TSP plan from day one, so it continued to pull pre-tax money since I started working for them in 2000. "In 2005, I accepted a transfer to Japan, which came with a lot of benefits … many financial ones (rent and utilities paid, tax free allowances for cost of living, etc.). I also got a three-month salary advance that helped us get over here from the USA. Part of that I used to pay down debt' the rest we used to get settled in Japan. "By early 2006, we were completely out of debt. I maxed out my TSP and put additional money into a money market account each paycheck so we can save for our future first home's down payment. "Now, we've got about $100K in my TSP retirement account, another $10K in my son's 529 college savings account and nearly $15K saved up for our future home's down payment. "Best thing is that in the next three years, we plan to see much of Japan and also visit China, Thailand, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand."
This comment by Mike appeared in a long thread on I Will Teach You To Be Rich.
Hundreds of protesters have gathered in Eugene and Portland, Oregon, to demonstrate against President-Elect Donald Trump, following the announcement of election results.
Students are seen walking out of their dorms and onto campuses shouting “F**k Trump” and “Bitch!”
Oregon has become one of the states that saw Hillary Clinton win, and users took to Twitter to express their outrage online.
Oregon didn't vote Trump, he ain't our president — kimi ito (@keezytaughtmee) November 9, 2016
Can California, Oregon and Washington just be on its own? We're obviously the only people who have fucking common sense — maminextdoor (@_seleneeee) November 9, 2016
In Portland, Oregon, hundreds of protesters – many of them local students – are downtown, blocking traffic and chanting “Whose streets? Our streets!” Some of the protesters are sitting and lying on the ground.
And the protesters move back up SW 6th Ave, with a few stragglers at the Burnside intersection. pic.twitter.com/7pBt3B2Zgb — Fedor Zarkhin (@FedorZarkhin) November 9, 2016
A man with megaphone says the demonstration is against “homophobia, bigotry and sexism,” chanting “Stand for what you preach for,” data reporter from the Oregonian newspaper Fedor Zarkhin posted on Twitter.
However, not all of Oregon is protesting, it would seem.
Big Finish have confirmed a new release date for Charlotte Pollard's second solo series. But before that, she'll be reunited with the Eighth Doctor in the Short Trips series….
Charlotte Pollard: Series 2 has had to move back in the schedules to March 2017, with writer/director Nick Briggs saying, 'I hope listeners will accept my sincerest apologies for this delay. All the ‘New Series Doctor Who' content rather crowded my schedule. The Big Finish production schedule is constantly reshaping, and there were other commitments too that took me away from dear Charley. However, the good news is that the scripts are now finished and we're ready to record. Getting the main cast together will prove something of a challenge over the summer months, with India currently on holiday, so our aim is to record in September. We're also going to go straight into making a third series, so there'll be news on that coming soon.'
However, fans of the first Big Finish Eighth Doctor companion, played by India Fisher, will have a brand-new November title to look forward to. As Doctor Who – Short Trips producer Ian Atkins confirms, ‘India always gives such a brilliant performance and it's great to hear her bringing Charley to life again. When it was clear the second series of her adventures was going to have to move, we reworked the order of some of the 2017 Short Trips titles to bring forward a story India has already recorded for us. In November Charley and the Eighth Doctor will encounter "The Man Who Wasn't There", when Charley's innocent request to meet a hero leads the Doctor to suspect an evil scheme and deadly weapon is at work…' A trailer can be heard below:
Doctor Who: The Man Who Wasn't There will be available in November for £2.99, and is part of the 2016 Doctor Who – Short Trips Subscription offering a money saving price for twelve brand-new stories. Also confirmed today is the first 2017 title, January's Doctor Who: The World Beyond The Trees, read by Nicola Walker in which Eighth Doctor companion Liv Chenka finds herself alone and fighting for survival.
Charlotte Pollard: Series 2 will be released in March 2017, and can be pre-ordered now on CD or download. Further details will be confirmed soon, both on the Big Finish website and the weekly Big Finish Podcast.
The Manitoba Moose have struggled in their inaugural season. Big time.
It's been tough for Winnipeg Jets' fans, who have hoped to see their prospects begin to succeed. The Jets have been highly lauded for their scouting and development programs. One would hope this success would eventually spill into their AHL team.
It's even tougher for Moose fans, who do not get a lottery ticket for being the worst team in the league.
What about the infusion of youth to the team? The Moose added a tonne of young players with little to no pro-level experience. Could the Moose just be too young?
The team currently sits second to last in the Western Conference in both points and point percentage. They are the same amount of wins as the last place team, despite playing three more games.
A deeper look into other metrics. They are the most out scored team, allowing 46 more than they have scored and controlling only 38 per cent of goals. They are also the most out shot team, allowing 304 more shots than they have generated and controlled only 43.7 per cent of shots. At an estimated 43 per cent, the Moose are the only team outside of the 45-55 range in estimated Fenwick-close.
But are they too young?
I took a look at the Manitoba Moose's roster and looked at what proportion of the roster each age group covered.
Note: For these and all subsequent visuals, 30 actually represents 30 or older
We see that the Moose are indeed young. Most of the population rests at 22 or younger for forwards, and 23 or under for defenders. In addition, most of the team's production has been carried out by those individuals.
Numbers require context, however. Is this population the norm or an exception?
To compare, I grabbed three other rosters: the Toronto Marlies, the Utica Comets, and the Bakersfield Condors. I chose these three due to being three teams covered by the Nation Network, are well respected for their prospect pools, and vary greatly in their AHL performance.
All four teams, with maybe the exception of the Comets, are fairly similar in team composition being composed of players at the “rookie” ages of 19-22. We do see some differences in the 23-25 range, and then the older teams catch up.
While the Moose do indeed seem to be a slightly younger team, especially on the back-end, they are not all that exceptionally different than some teams doing better than them.
We start to see a pattern here. While it's not overwhelming, the Moose have the largest bulk of their offense coming from their youngest. This is especially apparent at 22 and under for forwards and 23 and under for defenders.
There's another way we can look at this (last graph, I promise). I looked at the differences between the two proportion graphs for forwards.
In theory, a balanced team will stay around centre. A team driven by youth will sit above the line, while a team driven by an older core will fall under.
The Moose are indeed a young team, but not exceptionally so. It appears that the failures for the Jets' farm team is more about the aggregate quality rather than the distribution of age and experience. It likely falls down to a combination of poor veteran performance and the youth not being good enough to carry the anchoring older player.
Each Wednesday, our staff at The Comeback comes together to share our opinions on various college football topics. This week, we're looking at the Mountain West conference and our attention at the roundtable turns to Boise State and head coach Bryan Harsin.
In his first year as head coach, Bryan Harsin led Boise to a Mountain West Title in 2014. But it's now been two years since, and he's still trying to get a second one. Now that Chris Petersen is doing his thing at Washington, will Boise still be what we all saw under Petersen, or will we look back after a few more years and see a program that simply won't be what it was under its old coach?
Yesh Ginsburg: It seems clear that Bryan Harsin is no Chris Petersen. Then again, there are very few coaches in the country who are on par with Chris Petersen, so that's not a very bold statement. It would be ridiculous to expect Boise State to remain at the same level after losing both an all-time great college quarterback (Kellen Moore) and the best coach in program history.
Harsin has had moderate success at Boise State, including a Fiesta Bowl win, so he's clearly not the wrong coach for the program. Are there other coaches out there who might be able to bring the Broncos back to being legitimately in the Playoff (then-BCS) conversation? Probably. Can Harsin do it? It's still early, but right now it seems like he can't. He might be good enough to keep Boise State in the New Year's Six conversation most years, but if the Broncos want a return to their glory days they need someone just a cut above him.
Matt Lichtenstadter: What Boise State has done to become a dominant Group of 5 programs throughout the years is truly remarkable. With the talent disparity that exists in college football, it really is amazing to look back on what they have done. But as time has passed, other schools from the Group of 5 conference have joined Boise State in becoming solid and consistent programs, and the Broncos are now finding it difficult to keep up. They're by no means bad or irrelevant, but the days when they were consistently the best non-BCS and now non-Power 5 programs are probably behind them.
The Mountain West has gotten better as everyone has tried to gun for the Broncos. And when there was a slight slip under Bryan Harsin, other schools took advantage of the gap. This should, in theory, make the Broncos better, but it remains to be seen whether they find the magic they did under Chris Petersen. They have all the tools to do so, but in this new era in college football and without a transcendent coach, they will find the going tougher to consistently be the best Group of 5 team there is.
Terry P. Johnson: Full disclosure: Bryan Harsin's Twitter has blocked me. Your guess is as good as mine as to why this is, but I think it's only fair to point that out.
To answer the question, I think Coach Harsin is a great coach. His numbers as Boise State's offensive coordinator speak volumes about his knowledge of X's and O's. After all, there aren't many coaches that could have engineered a comeback like the one we saw in the 2007 Fiesta Bowl.
With that said, he's still unproven as a head coach. In his first season at Arkansas State, he inherited 12 starters from a squad with back 10-win seasons, but finished 7-5 overall with a 5-2 mark in conference play. It's been more of the same at Boise, where he won the Mountain West in his first season, but failed to win the division in the next two.
And, let's not forget, the Broncos haven't beaten Air Force under his watch.
Does this mean that Harsin isn't the right guy to lead the program? Certainly not. After all, there were plenty of “pundits” who said Bobby Bowden and Tom Osborne couldn't win the big one. Look how wrong they were.
However, the fact remains that Harsin walked into a program that's accustomed to winning championships. Remember, the last time that Boise State failed to win at least a share of the conference championship in back-to-back seasons was from 1995-98 when the team was a member of the Big Sky conference.
Of course, without amount of talent that the Broncos return this fall, this question might become an academic exercise. Look for Boise to win the Mountain West this fall and snap this “slump” in 2017.
Bart Doan: Such is the price of Boise State's record-setting success through the first 10 years of the decade when a few years without a conference title has people worried. And while there are probably legit concerns — especially with the fact that this year's team will have to replace a boatload of talent on the offensive side, never fear, Boise State will be just fine.
They've posted top recruiting classes in the conference every year that Bryan Harsin has been at the helm, and in the end, it's the talent grab that always is key in college sports. BSU shows no signs of falling off. There are other factors that have contributed to this “drought.” For one, Chris Petersen's Broncos won “only” one conference championship his three years the program was in the Mountain West. The step up in conference was naturally going to contribute to somewhat of a fall off from the heydays of thumping everyone through unbeaten regular seasons.
Harsin is a good coach with a passion for the program, and that'll only help to go forward. Will we see a 50-3 record over a four-year span as we once did for BSU? That's likely not going to happen with the step up in conference, but make no mistake about it, BSU is still the class of the Mountain West and recruits are still treating it as such. Additionally, whereas other programs in the MWC look more like stepping stone jobs to Power 5 gigs, Harsin bleeds the program's blue and likely will not be looking to leave, possibly ever. That consistency will only help BSU be as strong as it can.
The MWC championship still will go through the blue turf more than any other route, and on some special occasions, we will still see the Broncos have those years where they make the CFB Playoff committee nail-chewing nervous in late November as they sit around in a smoke filled room holding hands and praying BSU gets taken out of the equation by some upset minded conference foe.
Phil Harrison: I don't know how anyone is going to duplicate what Chris Petersen did at Boise State. He won at a clip that very, very few did (like counting on half of one hand) because of a bunch of things coming together. For starters, the Big West was a little easier to dominate than the current state of the Mountain West. Let's not forget that Petersen led Boise to a Mountain West title only once in three tries before leaving for Washington. That step up in competition makes running the table (or close to it) much harder for Harsin.
The gimmicky style of Boise has also worn off. The blue turf at Albertsons Stadium is old news now, and being the program that likes to rail against the conventional has also lost its luster. Then, there was the slap on the wrist for Boise's athletic department from the NCAA in 2011 for “lack of institutional control.” That also had, and will continue to have a bit of a bearing on recruiting leading up and through the Mountain West expedition.
That being said, people forget that Boise was a very good program before Petersen. Dan Hawkins had already begun building something with a 53-11 record from 2001-2005. Petersen took that momentum and ratcheted it up a bit, but that goes to show you how much easier it was to win in that not too distant past than now.
But look, Boise is still a very good program and will win more Mountain West Conference titles down the line. It'll continue to make a play at a New Year's Six bowl often. Just not as often as under the guy wearing the headset in Seattle. Almost nobody would. Especially given the differing circumstances each had to coach under.
What's your opinion on this subject? We'd like to hear from you as well. You can share your opinions with a comment below or by reaching us on Twitter or Facebook.
When the Philadelphia Flyers selected Tyrell Goulbourne in the third round of the 2013 NHL Draft, we had our fair share of criticism for the pick. It's nothing against the kid himself, but taking a forward who only put up 27 points through 64 games in his draft year as early as the third round is a bit of a red flag.
That, and the 135 penalty minutes pointing towards a clear role: tough guy. Fighter.
To that, you could say: "So what? It was jut a third rounder." But Anthony Duclair was still on the board at that time; there are still guys with potential to become legitimate NHL threats available at that point in the draft.
Goulbourne has handled any criticism of himself well; of course you want to see confidence from all your draft picks. But as the 2016 NHL Draft approaches, he has a new solution:
Praying the flyers take a fighter in the second round to take some heat off me — Tyrell Goulbourne (@Tgillz12) June 23, 2016
Goulbourne is now one year into his professional career: he debuted in the AHL with 17 points over a 73-game season. So... not super great.
But his sense of humor is awesome.
(Hopefully the Flyers don't actually follow through on his advice, though.)
Not all of our cells have the same genome. A few cell types, mostly immune cells, undergo a programmed deletion of small sections of DNA, and so don't end up with the genome that started in the fertilized egg that ultimately produced them. But most cells in the body end up with the same genome, which is one of the reasons it's possible to convert many of them back to stem cells.
That said, most specialized adult tissues don't need all the genes they inherit. In fact, activating the unneeded genes—turning on liver enzymes in a muscle cell, for example—would generally be harmful. So, it's easy to envision that there might be an evolutionary advantage to the controlled elimination of some DNA.
Although it's rare in mammals, we haven't looked at the genomes of most other animals carefully enough to really know whether these sorts of controlled genomic deletions might be common elsewhere. About two years ago, there was a hint that they took place in at least one group of animals: the jawless fish that branched off near the base of the vertebrate family tree. Researchers working on them reported something a bit odd: a stretch of DNA they were looking at was present in the germ line (reproductive cells that give rise to sperm and eggs), but not in many of the other cells of the animal's body.
But the follow-up work is where things got rather surprising. As the researchers checked more areas of the genome, they found more and more places with the same pattern: present in the germ cells, missing from everywhere else in the body. By the time they were done totaling it up, the number was staggering: the cells that make up most of the lamprey were missing about 20 percent of the lamprey genome. Individual deletions could take out hundreds of thousands of bases, and included all sorts of material: genes, repetitive "junk" DNA, you name it.
In their latest study, the authors identify the genes that the lamprey gets rid of, and find the total numbers in the hundreds. And, when they looked at them in detail, they found a clear bias: many of the genes were involved in controlling a cell's ability to divide or establish its identity.
The authors suggest that, if these genes were activated in a regular cell, they might lead to problems with its normal function, or even produce a condition like cancer. So, rather than relying on the usual mechanisms of shutting something down, the lamprey simply gets rid of the gene. This isn't absolutely necessary, as mammals can shut genes down through a combination of proteins that attach to DNA and the structure of the chromosomes themselves. Of course, that process can be error prone, while the lamprey's would leave little room for the genes to be reactivated later.
It's easy to think of this as a bit of an aberration. After all, the jawless vertebrates branched off very early in our lineage's history, and there are only about 100 species total left in the lineage. And it's entirely possible that this is an oddity that only evolved after the lineage had split off.
But there's an alternate possibility, namely that this was a feature of our entire lineage, but has been lost somewhere back in the history of mammals. If that's the case, then these sorts of controlled genome reductions might be far more widespread within the animal kingdom. It's certainly a possibility worth examining in more detail.
Current Biology, 2012. DOI: 10.1016/j.cub.2012.06.028 (About DOIs).
Yesterday, channel Venezolana de Television (VTV) news web portal, published an article about the Bitcoin, quite offensive and threatening. The title of the article in question was titled: “BitCoin: Cyber-criminal system”, enough with read some lines from the article to realize the prejudices issued by the author.
In some fragments of the publication can appreciate as they brand the Bitcoin users of: Crooks, terrorists, drug traffickers, even of rapists. I wonder what the author relies on to offend in this way to millions of people in the world that use the crypto-currency.
Perhaps the author of the quoted material doesn't have knowledge of all the honest and influential people who use and support the Bitcoin worldwide. For this reason, to educate the character who wrote so regrettable publication, we have decided to make a list of several people who support the use of the Bitcoin:
Marc Andreessen: Co-founder of the company Netscape Communications Corporation and co-author of Mosaic, one of the first web browsers with graphical interface. He is currently one of the main partners of the venture capital company Andreessen Horowitz.
Co-founder of the company Netscape Communications Corporation and co-author of Mosaic, one of the first web browsers with graphical interface. He is currently one of the main partners of the venture capital company Andreessen Horowitz. Andreas Antonopoulos: Expert in security of the information, entrepreneur and author.
Expert in security of the information, entrepreneur and author. Tyler Howard Winklevoss and Cameron Winklevoss: Entrepreneurs and Olympic athletes in 2008, Harvard Connection founders, social network that inspired the creation of Facebook.
Entrepreneurs and Olympic athletes in 2008, Harvard Connection founders, social network that inspired the creation of Facebook. Mike Hearn: Google engineer, author of bitcoinj (first implementation of Bitcoin at Java).
Google engineer, author of bitcoinj (first implementation of Bitcoin at Java). Wences Casares: Entrepreneur with the global experience of business in the financial sector. He is the founder and CEO of the company XAPO.
Entrepreneur with the global experience of business in the financial sector. He is the founder and CEO of the company XAPO. Gavin Andresen: Software engineer, graduated of Princeton University. Andresen began his career working in 3D graphics on Silicon Graphics Computer Systems software. He is currently Scientific Director of the Bitcoin Foundation.
The list goes on and on… These people have earned their merits to pulse, working and innovating in their fields. They are not terrorists or traffickers of drugs, or much fewer rapists. They are respectable people who make life in the community of the Bitcoin and fight because this technology is accepted as any other technology in the world.
But perhaps, this is not enough for the author of the pseudo VTV press release, so we are going to list some companies that already accept bitcoins to sell their products and/or services:
Virgin Galactic: It's a company of Virgin Group's Sir Richard Branson who plans to provide manned sub-orbital space flights, suborbital science mission launches and orbital launches for small satellites.
It's a company of Virgin Group's Sir Richard Branson who plans to provide manned sub-orbital space flights, suborbital science mission launches and orbital launches for small satellites. Microsoft: The super famous software company creator of the operating system Windows accepts bitcoins in their virtual store in Exchange for the purchase of its products.
The super famous software company creator of the operating system Windows accepts bitcoins in their virtual store in Exchange for the purchase of its products. Tesla Motors: It's an American company of automobiles and energy storage which designs, manufactures and sells electric luxury cars, components of the system of propulsion of electric vehicles and battery products.
It's an American company of automobiles and energy storage which designs, manufactures and sells electric luxury cars, components of the system of propulsion of electric vehicles and battery products. Overstock: It's an American retailer headquartered in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, near Salt Lake City.
It's an American retailer headquartered in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, near Salt Lake City. WordPress: It's a management system of contents or CMS, focused on the creation of any type of site, although it has reached a great importance used for the creation of blogs.
It's a management system of contents or CMS, focused on the creation of any type of site, although it has reached a great importance used for the creation of blogs. Dell: It's an American multinational company of privately owned information technology based in Round Rock, Texas, United States, that develops, sells, repairs, and is compatible with equipment, products and related services.
I don't think that these companies, which in many cases listed on United States stock exchanges, risk having among its clients, terrorists or drug traffickers, or that provision for illicit business of money laundering, however, accept bitcoin as payment for its products and services.
In conclusion, many people try to see the Bitcoin as a harmful technology and linked to any type of criminal acts, but forget it mention that the largest number of criminal acts in the world are committed to using currencies such as the dollar, euro, peso, the real even the bolivar. Then, why the cruelty against the Bitcoin, is that perhaps they are looking for scapegoats to blame for the country's ills?
It's important to defend our right to use the technology, access to knowledge and even more to defend our right to choose, that's what makes us a democratic and egalitarian society.
Disclaimer: The views expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views, and should not be attributed to, Infocoin.
Tossing feces with pinpoint accuracy may not immediately strike you as sophisticated behavior, but researchers studying the brain activity of captive chimpanzees have found that the smartest apes also happen to pitch their poop most accurately, according to Physorg.com.
Bill Hopkins of Emory University, who spent the last several years observing the throwing accuracy and brain scans of chimpanzees, had a hunch that this behavior had a deeper significance.
Particularly curious to Hopkins was that chimpanzees are the only species besides humans known to regularly throw objects with a clear target in mind. Since chimps are our closest living biological relatives, Hopkins wondered if the throwing behavior had some sort of connection with higher-order intelligence.
Not too surprisingly, Hopkins discovered that the chimps that threw more often and more accurately, also showed heightened development in the motor cortex — an area of the brain involved in the planning, control, and execution of voluntary motor functions. But Hopkins also noticed something more surprising: the most throw-happy chimps also displayed a richer network of connections between their motor cortex and their Broca's areas, which is a brain area important for speech in humans.
Does this mean that throwing poop is some sort of evolutionary stepping stone toward language development? Well, not necessarily. But it does give credence to the idea that speech and throwing are perhaps related.
After making the discovery, Hopkins tested the chimps again and found that those that could throw better also appeared to be better communicators within their group. He also noticed that the better throwers didn't seem to have any other particular physical advantage over other chimps — they weren't necessarily more athletic or stronger. Researchers surmised that throwing may not have developed as a means of hunting, but rather as some form of rudimentary communication.
In other words, it's possible that throwing stuff at someone else became a form of self expression at some point — it might actually be a way of saying hello. Or in the case of flinging poo, perhaps a way of playing a practical joke.
Though this finding is unlikely to make any zoo visits that involve getting hit by chimp poop any more enjoyable, perhaps it will at least give us pause before using such behavior as an excuse to look down upon our ape cousins.
Poop-throwing by chimps may actually be a sign of intelligence
Researchers have found that the smartest chimps also fling their feces the most accurately.
I have seen a lot of posts online about Reinado cigars, all of them positive. Even so, with them not being carried in any local shops and them not being cheap, I was hesitant to order any to try. I kept hoping I would inherit one, and now I have! The Reinado Grand Empire Reserve Robusto is a Nicaraguan Puro that is medium-full in both flavor and strength that was spicy, sweet, and tangy. A great cigar that is worth the price!
Initial Thoughts
Reinado is a brand that seems to be quite popular on review/new/social media outlet, but is not a common feature on shop shelves yet. I have seen a lot of praise for their cigars on various sites, including “Top Cigar of the Year” on at least one or two of them. While I have known about them for about two years now, I have yet to pull the trigger on purchasing any. I kept waiting on someone to bestow upon me a sample or trade, and now my prayers have been answered!
The Reinado Grand Empire Reserve (GER) was originally released in one size, the 5 x 55 back in 2012. Since then, four more vitolas have been released; the Toro, Corona Gorda, Gordo, and a limited release Petite Lancero. The Robusto and Toro are box-pressed, the rest are round. All together, they make up the Premium Collection Grand Empire Reserve line. And that is a mouthful!
Like I said, this sample was a gift, from Mr. Scism, and his incredible generosity.
Looks
The Reinado Grand Empire Reserve is a very enticing cigar. It has a beautiful dark chocolate shade wrapper with minimal veins and smooth seams. The only spot where the seams are a little rough would be on the cap. The wrapper looks very smooth and the stick looks well packed. The box press is also quite attractive.
There are two bands on this cigar. The first is red, gold, and white with white print. It contains the brand name and country of origin. The second band is gold with black print. It distinguishes it as the Grand Empire Reserve (only line they have as of now). Both are easily removed later on in the smoke.
Function
Just like it looks, the Reinado GER feels very smooth and solid. There is only the slightest give when squeezed, a good thing in my opinion, especially for a box-pressed cigar.
This stick has some intriguing aromas. The foot is a nice mix of cocoa and molasses. The barrel is molasses, earth, and manure. Fortunately, the manure is more faint than the other two!
I clip the cap with my CRA cutter, but was tempted to punch it. There is excellent airflow on the draw. I get molasses, earth, and cocoa notes.
Smoking
The Reinado Grand Empire Reserve has a pretty large ring gauge (at least for me), so it takes a moment to get it lit evenly with my single torch lighter. Once I do, the burn line starts off a little wavy. It continues to be uneven for most of the cigar, finally requiring a touch up in the last third.
The ash on this cigar is a little flaky. As a whole, it hangs on for almost an inch. During that time, little pieces fall off and the whole bunch falls at the tightest tap. It is mostly white with some gray in the first half, but mostly gray in the second.
The highlight of the construction is the draw. The draw is excellent throughout the smoke. I get copious amounts of smoke on each puff and that is a good thing!
Flavor
So far, the Reinado Grand Empire Reserve Robusto has been a beautiful cigar with a great draw, but not so great burn and ash. While those things matter, the real test is the flavor. How did it do?
The first third begins with a spicy black pepper and tangy sweetness, much like ketchup. The strength of the pepper begins to mellow a bit (but doesn't become mellow), allowing some wood to join the tanginess. The retrohale is both spicy and floral.
The second third continues with the spicy, tangy, woody sweetness. It quickly adds some cocoa and floral notes as well. Soon after, the cigar becomes a little creamy as the pepper continues to mellow, except for on the retrohale. The wood increases as well.
The final third boils down to mostly woody and tangy notes. The cream is also present, but mostly on the finish. Near the end, the wood really takes over.
The Reinado Grand Empire Reserve is medium-full in both flavor and strength. Though the burn and ash are not ideal, they never interfere with the flavor or enjoyment of the cigar. Total smoke time was 1 hour 15 minutes, though I probably could've gotten another 10-15 minutes out of it.
Would I Buy It Again?
Yes. It is a little expensive but worth the price.
Is It An Everyday Smoke?
I would smoke one everyday.
Would I Buy a Box?
This one only comes in boxes of 20, which might be out of my price range. Other vitolas come in boxes of 10, which is more manageable for me.
Conclusion
Well, I am very happy that I finally got to try the Reinado Grand Empire Reserve. It was a great cigar, chock full of flavors I enjoy. The only complaints I have are the burn, ash, and the dominance of wood at the very end. Otherwise, it was a very enjoyable, flavorful cigar that I believe is worthy of its price tag. If you have access to them or don't mind ordering online, do yourself a favor and try some today!
Details
A HAPPY DEATH -
www.myhappydeath.com
www.reverbnation.com/ahappydeath
www.facebook.com/ahappydeath
"[A Happy Death] are providing a happy, vicious counterpoint to the status quo of the Portland psychedelic scene that's been languishing in the wake of the Dandy Warhols for the past decade. Instead of coyly mumbling beneath endless piles of overdubbed guitars, A Happy Death isn't afraid to draw blood.” Ned Lannamann - Portland Mercury
THE AUTONOMICS -
www.theautonomics.com
www.reverbnation.com/theautonomics
www.facebook.com/pages/The-Autonomics/115577908462069
"They're sort of an amalgam that rocks harder than most, but in a way that's charmingly raw and disarmingly catchy. Think Modest Mouse dancing to Kings of Leon songs on Led Zeppelin's grave, and call it controlled chaos. The guys don't mind; they're trying to walk the fine line between keeping the chaos, but also improving their chops."
Ben Salmon - GO! Magazine
Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our When Brodie Rawson (inset) was diagnosed with cancer, his teacher Sharon-Gallo Dunn (left), who was also on medical leave for her own cancer diagnosis, decided to tutor Brodie.Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.
WILMINGTON -- While on medical leave for her own cancer diagnosis, Shawsheen Elementary School teacher Sharon Gallo-Dunn found out one of her students was also diagnosed with cancer.
When the school sent out an email that a tutor was needed to help Brodie Rawson, who was in second grade at the time, Gallo-Dunn did not think twice about stepping up to the plate.
"I didn't do anything a lot of teachers don't do," said Gallo-Dunn, of Chelmsford. "We always hope to make a difference in a kid's life. That's why you teach."
Gallo-Dunn had Brodie in her second-grade class for the 2015-2016 school year. In October 2015, she underwent a surgery doctors thought would remedy her colon cancer, but it did not.
When Brodie Rawson was diagnosed with cancer, his teacher Sharon-Gallo Dunn, who was also on medical leave for her own cancer diagnosis, decided to tutor Brodie.
She ended up leaving for the rest of the school year to complete 10 chemotherapy treatments. On days she was feeling well enough, she made sure to visit her students to see how they were doing. There was a six-week period Gallo-Dunn was very ill and could not make a visit again until April.
That's when she found out about Brodie's diagnosis of Burkitt Lymphoma.
"I've had, in my career at the Shawsheen, several children with life-threatening things," said Gallo-Dunn, who has been teaching at Shawsheen Elementary for 21 years. "As a parent, it's your biggest fear. I called (Brodie's) mom to ask if I could visit and I went in the next day and visited him at Tufts Floating Hospital."
Gallo-Dunn tutored Brodie at the hospital and later at his home once he was discharged.
Advertisement
She also tutored him through the summer to help with his transition into third grade. Brodie started his third grade school year late, but the hospital sent a large stuffed monkey that sat in his classroom seat. Brodie named the monkey Steve, after his doctor. A journal was sent back and forth between Brodie as a way to support him.
The Cops For Kids With Cancer event came to Shawsheen Elementary School on June 15 to recognize Brodie. Little did Gallo-Dunn know, she would be acknowledged as well.
"Brodie talked about some things that some things that had happened to him and she had no idea that this was going to incorporate her in any way," said Shawsheen Elementary School Principal Lisa King. "She's just a very kind, very sweet and thoughtful teacher and colleague. She's just always there whenever anybody needs anything inside and outside of school."
When Gallo-Dunn arrived at the event she said Police Chief Michael Begonis approached her to say he was sorry for what she had to go through. In that moment, Gallo-Dunn was confused, not knowing her and Brodie's story had been shared.
"When I'm toothless in the home, I'm going to remember this day," Gallo-Dunn said of the event.
Gallo-Dunn was called up with Brodie to accept some flowers, hear more about Cops For Kids With Cancer and listen to a statement prepared by her colleagues praising her. The family was also presented with a $5,000 check from Cops For Kids With Cancer.
"My co-workers couldn't be any nicer. They are so wonderful to me and they're such good educators," Gallo-Dunn said, adding that she was in tears Chief Begonis read the statement.
King said she wasn't surprised at all when Gallo-Dunn offered to tutor Brodie, who will now be heading into the fourth grade. She said Gallo-Dunn is also known for fostering a close-knit, family type classroom that often incorporates the importance of community involvement and thanking people, like veterans, for the work they do. Next year Gallo-Dunn will have Brodie's younger brother in her second-grade class, which she is excited for. She said it will also provide an opportunity to keep in touch with the family.
King said there are many examples of teachers making the school environment like a family.
"To me, children and families are the foundation of our society and our world," Gallo-Dunn said. "We need to protect them and nurture them and teachers try to do their part in that. So, if we can make a difference, I think that's our job besides math and reading."
Follow Kori Tuitt on Twitter @KoriTuitt.
Secluded homes like this at Kampung Main Road in Prai where a large number of Myanmar nationals live have looked suspicious following the killing of 20 of their countrymen. — Picture by Malay Mail
GEORGE TOWN, Sept 18 — Twenty people savagely murdered in Penang this year is believed to be victims of communal clashes between Muslims and Buddhists from Myanmar.
Police said the latest was the double-murder of two men in their 30s who had their throats slit and their bodies dumped in an oil palm plantation in Kampung Manggis in Bukit Mertajam on Monday.
Police are worried religious and ethnic tensions between the two groups in Myanmar have bubbled to surface in the state with deadly consequences. Most of the victims were Buddhists.
They have been unable to head off the violence due to communication problems with both
communities.
State deputy police chief Datuk A. Thaiveegan said a special task force has been set up by police to investigate the deaths.
“We are probing if religious disputes are involved,” he said.
The flashpoint of this violence is Seberang Prai where Rohingya Muslims from the western Rakhine state are the main suspects in the killings.
No one has been arrested in connection with the murders which began in January, although several weapons, mainly knives have been seized.
The reason for the killings are not immediately clear, with both groups blaming each other for the bitter tension.
Police sources said the victims, mostly factory workers, were brutally killed and were found with their throats slit.
A source said: “Six people were being killed in central Seberang Prai in three separate cases while the remains of two other victims were discovered in southern Seberang Prai in the last four months.
“The remaining cases were reported in northern Seberang Prai while several other cases have also been occurred on the island.”
The source said the victims, all men, aged between 20 and 40 were abducted from their homes and murdered elsewhere.
Most of the victims were found without documents and their remains were identified by colleagues and friends.
Police believe the assailants had targeted their victims through their workplace colleagues and had also obtained information on them from members of their community who have been here for years.
Investigations have shown further conflict is at risk and police have asked employers of the victims for leads.
On Monday, a plantation worker stumbled upon the bodies of the two men at about 8.50am. Apart from slit throats, they also suffered multiple stab wounds.
Police believe they were murdered at another place before their bodies were dumped at the plantation.
One of the victims was identified based on his travel document while the identity of the other is still unknown.
The diversity of human languages has been on the decline for decades. With the rise of globalized communications and business, the world has accelerated its shedding of unpopular languages, as speakers increasingly focus their efforts on those that afford them the most economic and social opportunities. The loss of these languages has even spawned efforts like the Endangered Languages Project to attempt to save them from extinction.
Those same fundamental forces have been even stronger in the startup community, where teams regularly work across the world's time zones. Yet, programming languages have not met the same fate as their human language cousins. Quite the contrary, there has been something of a golden age these past few years for programming languages moving out of theory and into practice, with a profusion of new and newly popular ones that are finding uses across startups and large companies alike.
It's always exciting to see the construction of new tools for programmers, which can potentially increase productivity and give us the products we want, faster. But that linguistic diversity also has a darker side for engineering teams, which must work with multiple languages just to launch their product, let alone maintain it.
To get a sense of what I mean, consider a typical startup looking to deliver an application for users on web and mobile. For the frontend, the developers will use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript at a minimum, and potentially more languages depending on the exact libraries chosen. For the Android and iPhone apps, the team would have to use the native languages of those two platforms, namely Java and Objective-C (and now, of course, Apple's new language Swift). And to connect all of this, the team would have to build a backend, which probably involves another language like Python, Ruby, or Go, as well as database query languages.
But that sort of analysis is anecdotal. RedMonk, which has developed a ranking system for programming languages, released their latest report last month and showed that “language diversity … remains the norm.” Their data indicates that while the top rankings have been relatively constant, a number of new languages are starting to break out in popularity.
Much as the rise of “big science” in the 20th century transformed the solitary scientist into a research team, the growing complexity of our development environment is requiring us to build larger engineering teams with more individual specialists. That specialization has important ramifications for the job market, particularly in a market as constrained as Silicon Valley engineers. It also means we are fragmenting our development efforts, potentially retarding the evolution of our libraries and toolkits. Perhaps most ominously though, it limits the contributions of indie developers and small startup teams, who can't write for certain platforms due to limit of their own talents.
While that's a lot to be concerned about (and I'll talk more about this later), diversity in programming languages is not necessarily all negative. Obviously, there are diverse uses for code, whether it be for embedded systems, highly reliable systems like air-traffic control, or simply test environments for new startup ideas. Using the right tool for the job can certainly improve productivity.
But source code serves two purposes. It allows one engineer to explain to another engineer what a program should do, and it also allows an engineer to dictate to a computer how it should operate. The greater the profusion of languages, the tougher the first type of communication is.
Even so, there are three main underlying causes for the widening fragmentation in our programming environments. First, the adoption speed of new languages has accelerated. This is largely caused by the Internet itself, which has allowed developers to more rapidly spread awareness of new programming languages through better tutorials, references, and code examples.
In addition, tools like GitHub have encouraged more engineers to get involved in library development, which can make a new language viable much faster than in the past. Corporate sponsorship for new languages is strong, whether from Google with Dart and Go or Apple with Swift. Finally, engineers seem more willing to pick up new languages than in the past. One wonders whether Paul Graham's call for startups to choose exotic languages to find better engineers has pushed people to use lesser-known ones.
While faster adoption ensures that powerful tools become widely available, it poses a real challenge to engineers, who must accelerate their education in order to stay current. Mastery of a particular language is now harder, since polyglots have to divide their time across multiple environments.
Just take Apple's Swift, which is likely to become the de facto standard for iOS development. While knowledge gained from Objective-C won't entirely be thrown out, every iOS engineer has to learn new idioms to fully take advantage of Swift.
The second main cause is the need to develop on multiple platforms. Developers in the tech industry are now programming for the web, mobile devices, cloud infrastructure, multicore processors, and wearables among other examples. Each of these platforms has unique performance characteristics and requirements, which means that one language may have a vastly different utility compared to another. For instance, languages like Go and Erlang are useful in a server cluster where concurrency is important, but would probably have less value on a wearable, where processing power may be concentrated on a single chip.
Third, this diversity in platforms is matched by the variety of language paradigms vying for the attention of developers. Functional programming languages, which have classically been something of a curiosity of academics and some dedicated enthusiasts, have now become more widely popular through languages like Scala and Haskell, in large part due to greater recognition of their value for handling web applications.
Given these underlying causes, it seems unlikely that the polyglot nightmare is going away anytime soon.
The costs, though, are steep. The challenge is not just that the number of languages is increasing, but that the number of combinations of environments is becoming bewildering. As companies begin to use their own unique set of technologies, finding the right engineer with exactly the needed skills is tough, and engineers have to spend more time generalizing their skills in order to stay on the frontier of the discipline. Sadly, startups rarely want to provide the resources required to train a new hire, instead expecting programmers to be productive from day one.
More broadly within the programming community, our increasing fragmentation also means that we are dividing our efforts on building up existing libraries. Our programming time is limited, particularly on the open-source projects that form the bedrock of any usable language. If we spread our efforts more thinly across projects, we risk losing the productivity advantage of having multiple languages in the first place.
Ultimately, we are witnessing a collective action problem that is, frankly, impossible to fix. While there may be no “solution”, startups can avoid the polyglot issue by simply being deeply cognizant of exactly what languages they are committing resources to. Engineering managers should be incredibly cautious about introducing new languages into existing infrastructure, and also doubly cautious about moving from an existing popular language for one more on the frontier. Sometimes a performance hit may be worth a bit more cohesion on a team.
As we continue to ask how engineering can become more inclusive, one way is to ensure that the knowledge required to perform well in the industry is as minimal as possible. While being a polyglot is certainly a requirement of today's software developers, we can all do our part to ensure that skill requirements are not increasing out of proportion for what our engineering talent can provide. No engineer should have to be a UN interpreter just to build their dream.
Mixed martial arts Joanne Calderwood will aim to make it 2-0 in the UFC when she takes on Maryna Moroz at UFC Fight Night Krakow on Saturday, April 11.
Herald Sport can exclusively reveal the bout, which will see undefeated Jojo take on Ukrainian Moriz. The UFC debutant also holds a perfect professional record - winning four of her five bouts to date by armbar.
It marks a dream scenario for Calderwood, who said last month that while she would of course love to fight on the UFC's upcoming card at The Hydro in Glasgow on Saturday, July 18, she would have ideally liked another bout in the meantime to avoid being inactive for too long.
Her coach at the Dinky Ninja Fight Team, James Doolan, has already started his research on Moriz and identified areas that can be targeted.
Joanne said: "I've just got back from training with Gunnar Nelson's team in Iceland and doing a bit of sightseeing and I've been offered the fight. I'm really happy and I now have eight weeks to prepare.
"James has had a look at her and seen a few things, so we will work out a game plan and get stuck into training. I definitely want to fight in Glasgow, but I wanted a fight before then because I want to remain active.
"This is my job and the way I get better is by facing different girls and the challenges they give me."
And a win over Moriz could keep alive the possibility of Calderwood fighting for the UFC's straw weight world title right on her doorstep. But that depends on the outcome of next month's title fight between champ Carla Esparza and Joanna Jedrzejczyk in Dallas, Texas.
Calderwood doesn't believe the UFC would make the champ defend her belt in front of a hostile Scottish crowd, but a nothing is certain in the world of MMA.
Jojo said: "We will have to wait and see what happens with the title fight. But in MMA you can never predict who is going to win. It would be a really special moment in my career to be able to for for the title in my hometown, but at the same time I'm just happy to be fighting at all."
Few MMA fans would deny that Calderwood is a red hot favourite to get a title shot at some point, but the 28-year-old believes it is better to let these things work themselves out. Missing out on reaching the final of the UFC's reality TV show The Ultimate Fighter (TUF) was a blow, but she insists it just wasn't her time.
"We sometimes put too much pressure on ourselves," she said. "It will come when the time is right. I learned through the TUF experience that it wasn't my time. It will come when it's right."
Besides her TUF defeat (which doesn't count towards her pro record), Calderwood's UFC experience has been incredibly positive. Already earmarked as one of the organisation's stars, she has much to be happy about.
And she was as surprised as anyone to hear that the European Judo Championships planned for Glasgow in April has been cancelled over a petty row between the European Judo Union (EJU) and British Judo. The EJU said it was unhappy with the UFC's sponsorship of the event, saying the organisation does not meet with the values of the EJU.
It's another example of the hurdles MMA as a sport still has to tackle in its ongoing battle for legitimacy, despite years of hard work to tighten rules and regulations.
Calderwood said: "It's crazy, it doesn't make any sense. Judo is a martial art, just like MMA. Think of all the athletes who will miss out because of something so silly."
Share
Previous Next 1 of 5 Simon Hill/Digital Trends
You may remember that we talked to Edinburgh-based PureLiFi last year to see a working prototype of its LiFi-X system. This year at MWC in Barcelona, we sat down again with PureLi-Fi COO Harald Burchardt to find out how far the team has come in the last 12 months. As it turns out, the company has been busy raising significant funding, expanding the engineering team, and securing more partners.
What is Li-Fi?
The LiFi-X system consists of an LED light fixture and a dongle that you can plug into a USB port on your laptop. It's capable of delivering speeds of up to 42Mbps up and down. It's already available and in use through various business partnerships.
PureLiFi has been working with a number of companies worldwide, including Cisco, British Telecom, and Babcock, to trial the technology and gather feedback for improvements. There are lots of reasons that a company might consider a Li-Fi system.
The LiFi-X dongles and LED light fixtures send and receive data through light.
“We work with a lot of companies where security is high on their agenda; for the enterprise, bandwidth is a big thing, but also location for retail and financial services,” Burchardt told Digital Trends.
The LiFi-X dongles and LED light fixtures send and receive data through light. That means you can confine access to the network very easily, offering much greater security than Wi-Fi.
In order to get the light working, you need to hook it up in much the same way as you would a router. This is ideally achieved through Ethernet cabling, though it can also be retrofitted using existing power lines. The weakness of power line communications is that the lights are in a daisy chain, so you're dividing the bandwidth between them. With Ethernet cabling, each individual light is hooked up directly.
PoE (Power over Ethernet) systems are actually growing in popularity because they offer very high-efficiency power and, since they don't require a certified electrician to fit them, they're also faster and cheaper to install. Having IP connectivity in every light fixture also offers benefits in terms of building control and device monitoring, which is growing more important as the IoT expands.
In the short term, PureLiFi is working on establishing a set of performance standards. It expects to hit speeds of 80 to 100 Mbps in the future, and will then look to push things further to 1 Gbps.
Li-Fi might be in your phone one day
A lot of effort is also going into miniaturizing the technology. The current LiFi-X dongle is quite big, it's suitable for a laptop, but probably too bulky for comfortable use with a tablet. We got a sneak peek at the newly redesigned dongle, which is coming in the second half of this year. We weren't allowed to photograph it, but compared to the existing LiFi –X, it is much smaller. Imagine a sleek, stylish-looking USB thumb drive and you're close. That's a significant improvement, but it's still not going to work for smaller devices, like our phones.
Rumors have already circulated about Li-Fi support in a future iPhone.
“We are currently working on ways to reduce the size of the optical receiver so that it can fit in a smartphone,” says Burchardt.
It may be part of the phone, or something separate about the size of a camera module.
“We are already in discussions with a number of manufacturers of smartphones, tablets, and laptops and the goal is to get to that stage where we're developing chips that will go into the device,” Burchardt explained. “Our long-term goal is component supply for OEMs.”
PureLiFi remains tight-lipped about whom the prospective partners are, but rumors have already circulated about Li-Fi support in a future model of Apple's iPhone, after a reference to “LiFiCapability” was spotted in iOS code.
Businesses can talk to PureLiFi now and get to work implementing the technology, but if you're clamoring for a consumer product, you'll need to be patient for a while longer.
“Probably within the next three years we'll have components available that can be technically integrated into a phone,” says Burchardt.
The future is bright for Li-Fi
By that time, the underlying infrastructure of Ethernet cabling, required for peak performance of Li-Fi, is likely to be far more widespread. PureLiFi is also working with a number of partners in the lighting industry, so the ecosystem required for Li-Fi to thrive is already growing. Component costs will also come down, as manufacturing ramps up, making it affordable for OEMs to integrate.
“We plan to provide components that are very low power, very cost effective, and very high performance,” says Burchardt.
The exponential growth in connected devices and data demands is leading to frequency congestion and that could make current wireless technologies unsustainable in the long term. Li-Fi can make much greater volumes of data accessible, and securing access is as simple as pulling the shades. The future looks bright for Li-Fi.
A case of accidental death has been registered in this connection, the Railway police said.
A 32-year-old man died after allegedly falling from a suburban Mumbai train, a day after Union Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu ordered formation of a committee to suggest steps to stop such incidents.The mishap occurred this afternoon when Naresh Mahadu Patil, a Khopoli resident, was travelling in a Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus-bound train, an official attached with Thane railway police said."In between Kalwa and Thane stations, he slipped from the train and fell down and received severe wounds. He was rushed to the Thane government civil hospital by the co-passengers but the doctors at the hospital declared him brought dead," he said.A case of accidental death has been registered in this connection, the Railway police said.This is second such incident in one week. On November 27, a 21-year-old man from Dombilivi, Bhavesh Nakhate had died after falling from a moving suburban local train in Thane district. The video of the incident had gone viral on social media."(Suresh) Prabhu has directed immediate constitution of a committee consisting of representative of Railways, Maharashtra government, Mumbai Commuters' Association and NGOs working in the area. The committee shall also hold public hearings and submit its recommendations within a month," Western Railway had said in a statement yesterday. Meanwhile, two Shiv Sena lawmakers from the district - Rajan Vichare and Shrikant Shinde - met Mr Prabhu in New Delhi today and gave him suggestions, including introduction of self closing doors in the trains, running of additional 15 coach rakes and increasing of the height of the platforms.
http://gty.im/634589316
Sophomore running back Dwayne Washington is the most recent Detroit Lion to draw fans' ire during a three-game skid. The much-maligned Washington was limited to twelve yards on six carries against the Steelers, furthering the widely-held perception that he's incapable of fulfilling the role of short yardage back.
After the game, reporters questioned a testy Jim Caldwell as to why Washington was deployed in that capacity. Caldwell provided them with laptop fodder, but perhaps not the sort they expected. After quipping, “Because he can run with power,” Caldwell bristled at a follow-up question and volleyed condescension at the reporter. Meanwhile, One Pride nation took to social media to bemoan Washington and petitioned Bob Quinn to trade for a more suitable power back in advance of the deadline. Alas, 4 p.m. came and went and Allen Park remained tranquil.
Before I proceed, a caveat: I'm a Washington apologist, so beware all ye who enter. With that out of the way, I'm here to tell you that the narrative surrounding Dwayne Washington is demonstrably false.
Dwayne Washington Converted at a 50% Rate in 2016
He was the team's best running option in power situations in 2016. While that's not exactly a high bar, he converted three of six attempts for either a first down or a touchdown in 2016.
Surprisingly, Theo Riddick also converted three of six attempts, but I would hope nobody would argue Riddick runs with more power than Washington. On the other hand, fan favorite Zach Zenner converted just one of six attempts. Ameer Abdullah was one-for-one in an injury-shortened season.
Washington was given two opportunities in power situations on Sunday, and came up short on both. We'll break down the three shortcomings of 2016, and then his two failed conversions against Pittsburgh. And when we do, we'll see a trend emerge.
Breaking Down Failed Attempts in 2016
Dwayne Washington power attempt vs. Indy 2016 pic.twitter.com/QVgwCOxmC8 — GIF Dummy (@GifDummy) November 1, 2017
The first failed conversion came on 1st & Goal at the 1-yard line against Indianapolis. The Lions ran a counter play out of 22 personnel (2 RBs, 2 TEs) with a sixth offensive lineman. The play isn't blocked well by Laken Tomlinson, who whiffs a block on DT Zach Kerr. Still, Washington has a real chance to get in here and fails to. You could make the argument that he crossed the goal line, but it's inconclusive at all angles. He does a good job of absorbing the contact, but ideally, he sticks this ball across the goal line here. It's worth noting that the Lions called the exact same counter on the next play and Washington punched it in.
Dwayne Washington power attempt vs. Green Bay 2016 pic.twitter.com/OQRQ1Sf5pK — GIF Dummy (@GifDummy) November 1, 2017
This one-yard loss came at the hands of Mike Daniels on 3rd & Goal from the Packers' 1-yard line. Mike Daniels uses great strength, pad level, and burst off the ball to drive Larry Warford into two other offensive linemen, creating a traffic jam. This play was over before it even got started, but Washington was able to push the pile and minimize the loss on an otherwise futile play.
Dwayne Washington power attempt vs. Dallas 2016 pic.twitter.com/0u9wwGyEur — GIF Dummy (@GifDummy) November 1, 2017
The last play from 2016 was yet another attempt from the opponent's 1-yard line, this time against the Cowboys. On this rep, you could make the case that Washington should attempt a cutback, but the lane he took was still available to him. You'll notice his right foot get snagged on Larry Warford's left foot, which causes him to lose his power base as he approaches the goal line. This speaks to Washington's mindfulness of his blocks – which is an area he could certainly improve in – but not his ability to run powerfully.
Dwayne Washington power attempt vs. Pittsburgh 2017 #1 pic.twitter.com/a2ey0XEAVy — GIF Dummy (@GifDummy) November 1, 2017
Sunday vs. Pittsburgh
In the Pittsburgh game, the issue was blocking. On this play, Graham Glasgow fails to cut Javon Hargrave, who meets Washington in the hole with the help of teammate Vince Williams. Football is a game of physics and those two are listed at a combined 538 lbs. Washington ultimately fails to convert this attempt, but he plays with great pad level and contact balance, which speaks to his power as a runner.
Dwayne Washington power attempt vs. Pittsburgh 2017 #2 pic.twitter.com/xOV2RHWGXu — GIF Dummy (@GifDummy) November 1, 2017
On the second attempt, Washington is met by a free-running Sean Davis in the hole, who cuts him down. Obviously, you'd love to see Washington shake him off, but there's no shame in this. Davis is a hard-hitting safety and this was simply a great tackle by an unblocked player.
More often than not, Dwayne Washington wasn't the problem. He has often been a victim of bad blocking, and that was certainly against the case on Sunday. It is important to evaluate his traits using context, and not his raw statistics. He has demonstrated the ability to run with good pad level, contact balance, forward lean, and strength, and should continue to be the Lions' power back for the rest of the season. And with good reason.
Residents of a neighborhood in Baltimore now have the most obvious place to wait for a bus ever designed. The ingenious stop is comprised of three 14′ typographic sculptures that literally spell out the word “BUS” while functioning as benches and a novel leisure space. The bus stop was unveiled last month by artist collective mmmm…, a creative collaboration between Emilio Alarcón, Alberto Alarcón, Ciro Márquez, and Eva Salmerón, who have been designing public spaces in Madrid since 1998. This is their second project in the United States. Via the collective's website:
BUS is made with wood and steel, materials that are typically used to build urban furniture. The three letters of BUS are big enough to accommodate two to four people each and protect them from rain, sun, wind, and inclement weather. They allow people to assume different postures of sitting or standing while waiting for the bus. The S allows people to lie back while they wait, and the B provides shelter.
The BUS project was developed in conjunction with SPAIN arts & culture, Creative Alliance, and is part of TRANSIT, a creative placemaking initiative between Europe and Baltimore. You can see much more, here. (via Escape Kit)
Eat bacon, don't jog and NEVER eat fruit: Health guru reveals the 10 surprising ways YOU can shed the pounds and get fit
Forget salads – bacon, cheese and cream are the key to weight loss.
Eating fat – rather than carbohydrates – is the key to slimming down, according to Grant Petersen, author of Eat Bacon, Don't Jog.
For years, Mr Petersen tried to lose weight in the conventional way – through eating a low fat diet and exercising for up to three hours a day.
Grant Petersen, author of ‘Eat Bacon, Don't Jog', says eating a diet where most of the calories come from fat (including bacon) helps people lose weight by putting the body into a state where it burns its own fat
While he says he wasn't fat by American standards, he wasn't losing weight and became frustrated.
After researching different diets, he came to believe that rather than being a simple matter of calories eaten versus energy expelled, the hormone insulin affects weight loss.
When a person eats carbohydrates, they are broken down into glucose in the blood.
The pancreas secretes insulin, which clears away glucose from the blood into cells, so it can be used as energy.
But insulin causes calories to be stored as body fat, and prevents people using their own body fat as fuel, Mr Petersen argues.
Cutting out carbohydrates and eating all calories from fat lowers insulin levels, and therefore weight gain.
Eating no more than 50g of carbohydrates a day – the equivalent of a slice of bread and a banana puts the body into a state known as ‘ketosis', in which it burns its own fat for energy, he says.
It also prevents hunger, which mostly comes from craving sugar, he maintains.
Here, Mr Peterson explains why people should stop eating fruit, add oil to their morning coffee and exercise so intensely they are gasping for air…
The idea of swapping a monthly bill that tops $100 for many American households for a service that costs $9.99 a month has an obvious appeal.
Even though cable bills have been rising on a yearly basis, consumers aren't cutting the cord to replace their pricey pay-television service with Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) or any other streaming service. The average cable bill came in at $123 in 2015, according to data from NPD Group, up from $86 in 2011, and in spite of this huge increase consumers have not widely rebelled against the industry.
Cord-cutting, which has been lauded as an impending exodus from the cable companies, seems not to be materializing. The major cable providers, covering roughly 95 million customers, lost only 105,000 subscribers in 2013,125,000 in 2014, and 385,000 last year, according to numbers from Leichtman Research Group (LRG). Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), the largest cable company, lost only 36,000 subscribers in 2015 and gained 58,000 in Q1 of 2016.
These numbers heavily suggest that even though cord-cutting would save people a lot of money, it's not something most people are willing to do. Given the major difference in price between pay-TV providers and sites such as Netflix, it's worth at least considering whether dropping cable makes sense.
What would you be giving up?
The average American over the age of 2 watches around five hours of television a day, or about 34 hours each week. Technically there are more than enough hours of programming on Netflix to fill the 1,768 hours of television-watching each person currently consumes annually.
Of course, people don't simply watch television -- they watch shows they enjoy. So it's not just a numbers game for the streaming service. Dropping cable for Netflix means giving up live programming, news, sports, and most of the top shows on broadcast or cable. In exchange, consumers get access to a library of movies, some older television shows, and the streaming leader's roster of original programming.
Netflix has roughly 50 ongoing original shows of varying lengths split across children's programming, all-ages, and adult shows. Assume half of those are 30-minute programs and half are 60, with an average of 12 episodes per season, and you have 600 episodes to watch, or roughly 450 hours of programming. Add in original documentaries, movies, and comedy specials, and you get maybe another 100 hours. Factor in the nearly 60 new shows the company has in the works, and that's another 540 hours.
Using that rough math, assuming you're just as happy watching episodes of the Care Bears cartoon as you are watching House of Cards, you would have about 1090 hours of original to watch. Being realistic and saying that the average person would be interested in only half of the shows (a generous estimate), you're looking at 545 hours, leaving 1,200 or so hours to fill for the average American.
The Netflix archive will fill some of that, but many of those are programs people may have already seen, and the streaming company has been devoting fewer resources to licensing content now that it has stepped up spending on originals. Of course these numbers are very raw, put together by rough counts and estimates, but Netflix still comes up short as a sole alternative to cable.
It's an impressive service with lots of great programs, but on its own it can't replace a cable universe that offers hundreds of channels. But while Netflix alone may not quite get the job done, there are some easy and cheap ways to supplement your $9.99 subscription to make dropping cable a smart choice.
How to cut the cord and still have enough to watch
Netflix on its own simply doesn't offer enough programming hours for the average American to ditch Comcast or any other cable provider. But if a cord-cutter were to add an HDTV antenna, in most markets he or she would have access to all of the major broadcast networks as well as some other channels (it varies depending on where you live, with high-population areas generally having more free over-the-air stations). An HDTV antenna costs under $30, and it's even possible to pair one with a third-party DVR to add cable-like functionality.
If a consumer wants to stay purely digital, the best bet is pairing Netflix ($9.99) with Hulu ($8.99). That won't replace the live news and sports the networks offer (which can be had with an HDTV antenna), but it will bring more originals and new shows from partners. That includes shows from Comcast's NBC network and its cable stations, including the USA, as well as Fox, CBS, and the CW, among others. That's $18.98 a month, versus $123 and rising, for more than enough shows to fill your five-hour-a-day hole.
Netflix on its own may not make sense for cord-cutters, but Netflix plus Hulu, Netflix plus an HDTV antenna, or even all three most certainly do.
Airport security makes married mother go through body scanner THREE times... after telling her she had a 'cute' figure
Ellen Terrell was flying with her husband from Dallas Airport
A married mother was subjected to repeated body scanning at an airport after being told by one employee that she had a 'cute' figure.
Ellen Terrell was travelling with her husband Charlie when she was stopped by airport security and told she had been 'randomly selected' for screening by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA).
Mrs Terrell, from Dallas, Texas, believes that she was exploited and felt 'totally exposed' for the benefit of male employees viewing the scanned images, which give a detail image of the naked body, in a back room.
Violated: Ellen Terrell (right) who has two sons, was travelling with her husband Charlie (left) from Dallas Airport when she was asked to go through the TSA body scanner three times by airport staff
She told CBS 11 that she was asked by a female employee: 'Do you play tennis?'
When she said that she didn't and asked why, the airport worker responded: ' You just have such a cute figure.'
Mrs Terrell, who is an IT executive, was then asked to stand in the full body scanner for a second time at Dallas International Airport.
Remarks: Mrs Terrell was told she had a 'cute' figure by a TSA employee before being repeatedly scanned
After being made to stand in the machine, which uses radiaton, for a third time, Mrs Terrell heard the female employee say into her microphone: 'Guys, it is not blurry, I'm letting her go.'
The Terrells believe that she was subjected to sexual harassment - and they are not alone in their worries.
The passenger screening program at airports has had frequent complaints that not all passengers are screened in the same way.
In reaction to this, the TSA has replaced the machines which give a detailed outline of individuals' figures for a more generic shape.
More than 600 Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT) units have now been installed at 140 airports across the U.S.
On the updated machine, the passenger and the TSA worked both view the image together which lights up on screen if it detects a problem.
The need for a separate TSA officer viewing the image in another room is no longer required.
A spokeswoman for TSA told MailOnline: 'The new images are very generic and really focus on the privacy of the passenger. They see the same image as the staff.'
The images of passengers are not stored or print and cannot be transmitted.
They are deleted from the system once they have been viewed.
Those who fly are not required by law to pass through AIT screening - but if they opt out, they will receive alternative screening, including a physical pat-down.
MailOnline was awaiting a response from the TSA as to how many complaints the agency had received from passengers about the older machine invading their privacy.
Mrs Terrell did not file a complaint because she didn't realise that she could, according to CBS.
In November, European countries said it would not install the scanners until their risks had been properly assessed.
The controversial scanners emit low radiation doses but research has suggested up to 100 U.S. airline passengers a year could get cancer from them.
Under the microscope: Ellen Terrell, pictured with her husband Charlie, said she felt 'totally exposed' during her full body scan at Dallas airport
The TSA has continued to defend the safety of the X-ray devices, saying they expose passengers to the same radiation as two minutes on a flying plane.
'Guys, it is not blurry, I'm letting her go.'
TSA female colleague into her microphone after Mrs Terrell was scanned three times
The agency also said that more than 300 dangerous or illegal items have been found on air passengers since 2010, reported Forbes.
The first X-ray body scanner was developed in 1992 by Steven W. Smith.
He sold the technology and rights to Rapiscan Systems, who now manufacture and distribute the device.
Fears about the health risks were raised in the U.S. as far back as 1998 when the machine known as the Secure 1000 was evaluated by a panel of radiation safety experts brought together by the Food and Drug Administration.
Wife and mother: Mrs Terrell said that she felt male employees in a back room were looking at the scanned image which gave a detailed look of her body
Harassed: Mrs Terrell from Dallas said that a female employee told her she had a cute figure before she was repeated screened
FLYING IN THE FACE OF THE LAW?
In November 2010 a female passenger claimed she was made to feel 'like a terrorist' for bringing breast milk she had pumped earlier through security at Phoenix airport. Stacey Armato had 12 ounces of breast milk with her and as per TSA guidelines, she requested the milk not be passed through the X-ray scanner because of possible radiation. Last October, a TSA agent faced dismissal after finding a sex toy in woman's bag and leaving her a note saying: 'Get your freak on girl'.
They all expressed concerns about the machine because it violated a longstanding principle that humans should not be X-rayed unless there is a medical purpose.
The machine's inventor told panelists that machine would most probably not be widely used for many years to come.
Now there are 600 units in 140 airports across the U.S.
The TSA was introduced in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks to increase security on transport in America.
The agency has been criticised for its heavy-handed tactics.
On January 11, an airline passenger was stunned three times with a Taser gun after he refused to complete an airport screening check and ran into a secure area.
Edwin Barton, 26, arrived at Sacramento International Airport on an inbound flight last month. When Mr Barton realised he had left belongings in the secure area and would need to return, employees told him he would need to be scanned again.
Modified: The old Advanced Imaging Technology scanner (left) and the improved version which is less invasive (right)
MAJOR EDIT
As of now, Microsoft has patched Skype and this guide is no longer necessary. I'll leave it here for posterity's sake, but Skype has been tested by multiple, reputable sources via Wireshark and other IP grabbers and should no longer leak your IP address to people not on your friend list.
Foreword from the Author
April 26th, 2015
We're smack in the middle of 2015 and e-sports as a whole is growing larger and larger. LCS 2014 for League saw 27,000,000 unique viewers, Dota 2's TI 4 prize pool surged to almost $11,000,000, Hearthstone's been released for Android and even CS:GO has made a come-back from nothing to become one of the most popular e-sport titles in the world. Along with the growth of e-sports and internet gaming, a sister industry has sprung up alongside it: live-streaming.
Every streamer on the internet who's grown to any level of popularity has found themselves confronted with the infamous “DDoSer.”
Most people have simply created alternate Skype accounts with barcode names. Some have stopped using Skype altogether. A few others use commonly leaked Skype names, hoping they don't get “hit offline” by a lurking opportunist. None of these options are necessary, however. A few years ago, I penned a DDoS prevention guide which I've been following since the day I published it. I've seen it posted across almost every gaming subreddit on Twitch, and I've seen a number of responses/criticisms/critiques posted of it as well.
My Skype ID, Steven.Bonnell.II, is known by most people in the communities I'm involved in. I do not hide from Skype while I am streaming. I do not change my IP address every day. I do not get DDoS'd while I stream. Instead, I use the method outlined in the following pages to protect myself from attackers. It is the simplest, elegant, reliable, and secure method to protect yourself. To this date, I have never seen another guide on the internet which will secure your Skype the way mine does. I have seen other guides which claim to accomplish the same for easier, such as the guide written by Fire from Twitch. None seem to accomplish this level of protection as perfectly as my method For more information about why Fire's proxy guide in particular is a poor recommendation, see this critique I've posted here.
The next 4 pages contain information should you wish to understand more about the process of DDoSing. It's not necessary you read it, but if your job is streaming you should be aware of at least the basics of how DDoSing works. It's astounding how many professionals are still utterly clueless when it comes to DDoS protection.
If you simply want the walk-through on how to protect yourself, skip ahead to page 6.
At this point in time, it should be absolutely inexcusable to miss a tournament match due to DDoSing. Players who miss matches due to DDoSing should be immediately disqualified the same way someone who misses work because their car ran out of gas. There is no excuse anymore to be leaking your IP address to the wild lands of the internet. This is your job, treat it as such and you should remain safe.
I will continue to follow the methods outlined until I discover a superior method.
I will continue to stream, free from the threat of being DDoS'd while doing so.
Red Bull Racing and their main sponsor – more than that actually, as they are partners now – decided to launch a series of online films highlighting the process of design and building an F1 car. This is a sort of behind-the-scene thing, if you will, at the making of an F1 car.
We are not sure if the viewership is going to be worth the cost and effort of making these publicity films, but they say they are going to reveal some never-seen-before secrets in this series which is a reason to give them a spin.
Episode one of The Making of an F1 Car called “Design and R&D,” uses exclusive interviews with team members and showcases detailed and artistic footage of the intricate procedures required to make an F1 car.
New episodes will be released each week for four weeks. Coming soon: Go inside the world of composites, learn about manufacturing, and finally discover how the build of the car itself takes place in the assembly bays of our Milton Keynes HQ.
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
Update: The server closures will only affect TERA's North American operation. Gameforge's Richard Plant told PCGamesN: “I'm keen to assure you that this does not apply to the EU servers run by Gameforge.”
TERA launched four months ago, but since the majority of its servers have dwindled to the point that group play has slowed to a crawl. “We've got several metrics to measure server activity”, says developer En Masse. “And many of ours are below the mark.”
“We've also been listening to the issues our players have been having in the game: lack of resources, lack of groups, extended wait times for dungeons, and so on. We feel that the best way to address these problems is to increase the number of simultaneous players on our servers.”
An improved player experience, then, is the goal of the server merger scheduled for September 18th. The move will also make it easier for developer En Masse to run player-driven server-wide events.
If you're a TERA player, let us know what you think. Do you struggle to find groups on ghost town servers? Or are you worried that the game will shrink into nothing?
Mumbai FC: Failure to secure an I-League berth could see the club shut shop?
The Essel Group owned club could possibly decide to end their association with Indian football…
The 2016-17 I-League season was nothing short of a nightmare for Mumbai FC as they finished at the bottom of the table. They won only two games out of 18 and scored a mere nine goals in what was a forgettable campaign under coach Santosh Kashyap.
Having been relegated from the I-League, Mumbai FC wrote to the Football Federation (AIFF) to give them an opportunity to come back into the top division league, positioning their case in a manner in which Aizawl FC had done so the previous summer.
However, the AIFF was in no mood too show leniency this time around and mentioned that they could only make the cut into the I-League by either showcasing their interest via a bid or go through the ordeals of second division in the 2017-18 season and win the competition to be a part of the top division the following year.
The bid process meant that they would now have to shell out a fee of Rs.3 crores INR, which was mentioned in the Request for Proposal (RFP) document of the I-League.
Article continues below
It is reliably learnt that the Mumbai FC management on Wednesday informed their staff that should their last push to secure a berth in the I-League fail; they would very well decide to shut shop.
Mumbai FC was founded in 2007 amid much fanfare and since getting promoted to the I-League in the very first season, the club has been a regular feature of the top division.
Attempts made to contact Atul Bagdamia, Deputy Vice President at Mumbai FC, and the club's media officer remained unsuccessful.
Spring is officially here and we decided to share our favorite beauty bits for this time of a season! Here what I like in Paris.
Jouer Powder Eyeshadow Duo in Chocolat/Peach from their Blushing Beauty Collection
Such a gorgeous neutural duo for everyday on-a-go makeup. Peach is a pinky peach color with a tiny, almost invisible golden shimmer, perfect for applying all over the lid. Chocolat is warm-toned bronze color with satin finish, great for the crease. The quality of these eyeshadows is excellent, they blend very well and stay long. This pinky nude duo looks so beautiful: makes my green eyes look brighter and gives such a soft feminine touch to the whole look.
The Body Shop Bronzing Powder in Light Matte
This is matte, very light bronzer (I have the lightest shade) that would be perfect for any fair skin tone. The quality of this product is very nice: blends seamlessly while not being too powdery. I think it's perfect for spring because it just gives the appropriate amount of warmth to the complexion, and the fact that it's matte makes it look very natural.
L'Oréal Paris Mega Volume Miss Manga Mascara Black
This is one of those products, which you like or hate. Mostly because of the wand, which is flexible, so you really need to get used to it because it feels completely different. The brush has conic shape, which gives extra length to you outer corner lashes. Personally, I'm just ecstatic about this mascara: separates lashes nicely, gives so much volume and length, doesn't smudge or fall.
Yves Rocher Waterproof Eye Pencil in Turquoise
Frankly, I'm not a fan of Yves Rocher makeup, but this eyeliner has absolutely thrilled me. It stays put on waterline and doesn't smudge. As for the color, I think it's great for spring because it just gives that pop of bold color. Turquoise or sky-blue colors look so edgy on waterline along with natural makeup.
Revlon Colorburst Matte Balm in Elusive
These Revlon balms are extremely hyped, and I can relate: the application is smooth, don't feel drying on the lips, stay long. Also they are minty and give this tingling feeling, which I don't really like actually. Anyway, the colors are all pretty and look very fresh for spring.
Kiko Nail Lacquers
Overall, Kiko nail polishes are amazing in terms of price/quality: to apply evenly and last easily for a week without chipping.
N°288 is close to Essie Off the Shoulder, but brighter and more cool-toned. Beautiful light pinky magenta.
N°330 is light pastel lavender color, very delicate and trendy for spring.
Here are the swatches:
Thanks for reading, hope you got some inspiration for spring!
Maria Paris
THIS week Muslims from all over the world are in Saudi Arabia for the haj. The Koran says that all Islam's followers who are physically and financially able should make the annual pilgrimage—one of five pillars of Islam—once in their lifetime. Pilgrims travel to Mecca to carry out a set of rituals that are associated with both the Prophet Muhammad and Abraham before him. These include circling anti-clockwise seven times around the Kaaba, the black cube that Muslims face to pray wherever they are in the world, and drinking from the Zamzam well, said to have sprung into being when Abraham's wife, Hagar, was desperately seeking water for their son Ismail. This year many who had hoped to make the pilgrimage have been disappointed. Why?
In many ways the duty is much easier to fulfil than it once was. Rather than spend days trekking over land as their forebears did, making the haj almost impossible for Muslims in far-flung lands, today pilgrims from across the globe can fly or bus into Mecca. A range of accommodation caters for all tastes, from simple lodges to fancy five-star hotels. Restaurants abound. If the haj falls in the summer months, when Saudi temperatures soar to 45°C (113°F), air-conditioning makes things more tolerable. There are even spas for those weary from the walking required by the rituals, and mobile apps to help pilgrims on their way.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
But the growing global Muslim population of 1.6 billion, coupled with cheaper international travel, has brought its own problems. Back in 2004, 2.2m Muslims went to Mecca. Last year the number was 3.2m, the highest ever. Stampedes in 1990, 2004 and 2006 caused hundreds of deaths. This year Saudi Arabia, which gives a quota of haj visas to each country on the basis of the size of its Muslim population, has slashed the number of visas for foreign pilgrims by 20%, as it carries out renovation works to expand the capacity of the Grand Mosque. Thanks to an outbreak of the coronavirus in the Kingdom, many countries have asked elderly and sick Muslims not to travel. First-time pilgrims have been given priority.
Muslims who do not get a haj visa can travel for the umrah, or lesser pilgrimage, which involves the same rituals but is not undertaken during the last month of the Islamic year, as the haj is. Some disappointed would-be pilgrims have come up with more novel solutions. In Istanbul Turkish Muslims watched videos of Mecca as actors gave them a virtual tour of the holy land. Next year the renovations should mean more visas once again. But the growing number of Muslims, and growing prosperity in many Muslim countries, means the backlog is likely to grow: South Africa recently announced that citizens on the waiting list may face another six years before they get a slot.
Chris Giwa (pictured) and Amaju Pinnick are battling for the NFF leadership
Nigerian football's crisis has taken a bizarre twist with an attempt to appoint a dead referee for Sunday's match between Warri Wolves and Giwa FC.
It comes as Chris Giwa continues to challenge Nigerian Football Federation president Amaju Pinnick.
A Nigerian court has ruled Giwa should replace the Fifa-recognised Pinnick and in a move to wrest control he has named the weekend's top-flight officials.
However, among those selected is Wale Akinsanya, who died in January.
Giwa's NFF rival group sent notice of its actions to the chief operation officer of the league management company on Wednesday.
It has raised the possibility that two sets of match officials - those appointed by Giwa's group and those appointed by the NFF - could turn up for the fixtures.
Football's world governing body Fifa issued a warning last week saying Pinnick and his board must continue in charge of the NFF or Nigeria would face a global suspension.
Meanwhile, the Giwa-led faction has rejected a reconciliation committee set up by the country's sports minister Solomon Dalung to resolve issues within the NFF.
In a statement signed by the group's chairman of chairmen, Effiong Johnson, it urged Nigerians to disregard the action of the minister.
Former NFF boss Ibrahim Galadima is the head of the seven-man reconciliation committee, which has one week to submit its report.
Vampire squid Adult vampire squid illustration Scientific classification Kingdom: Animalia Phylum: Mollusca Class: Cephalopoda Order: Vampyromorphida Family: Vampyroteuthidae Genus: Vampyroteuthis
Chun, 1903 Species: V. infernalis Binomial name Vampyroteuthis infernalis
Chun , 1903 Synonyms Cirroteuthis macrope
Berry, 1911
Vampyroteuthis macrope
(Berry, 1911)
Melanoteuthis lucens
Joubin, 1912
Watasella nigra
Sasaki, 1920
Danateuthis schmidti
Joubin, 1929
Hansenoteuthis lucens
Joubin, 1929
Melanoteuthis schmidti
Joubin, 1929
Melanoteuthis beebei
Robson, 1929
Retroteuthis pacifica
Joubin, 1929
Melanoteuthis anderseni
Joubin, 1931
The vampire squid (Vampyroteuthis infernalis, lit. "vampire squid from Hell") is a small cephalopod found throughout temperate and tropical oceans in extreme deep sea conditions.[1] Unique retractile sensory filaments justify the vampire squid's placement in its own order, Vampyromorphida, as it shares similarities with both octopuses and squid. As a phylogenetic relict, it is the only known surviving member of its order. The first specimens were collected on the Valdivia Expedition and they were originally described as an octopus in 1903 by German teuthologist Carl Chun, but later assigned to a new order together with several extinct taxa.
Description [ edit ]
The vampire squid can reach a maximum total length around 30 cm (1 ft). Its 15-cm (6-in) gelatinous body varies in colour from velvety jet-black to pale reddish, depending on location and lighting conditions. A webbing of skin connects its eight arms, each lined with rows of fleshy spines or cirri; the inner side of this "cloak" is black. Only the distal halves (farthest from the body) of the arms have suckers. Its limpid, globular eyes, which appear red or blue, depending on lighting, are proportionately the largest in the animal kingdom at 2.5 cm (1 in) in diameter.[2] The name of the animal was inspired by its dark colour, cloak-like webbing, and red eyes, rather than habit—it feeds on detritus, not blood.[3][4]
Dorsal view
Oral view
Mature adults have a pair of small fins projecting from the lateral sides of the mantle. These fins serve as the adult's primary means of propulsion: vampire squid move through the water by flapping their fins. Their beak-like jaws are white. Within the webbing are two pouches wherein the tactile velar filaments are concealed. The filaments are analogous to a true squid's tentacles, extending well past the arms; but differ in origin, and represent the pair that was lost by the ancestral octopus.
The vampire squid is almost entirely covered in light-producing organs called photophores, capable of producing disorienting flashes of light ranging in duration from fractions of a second to several minutes. The intensity and size of the photophores can also be modulated. Appearing as small, white discs, the photophores are larger and more complex at the tips of the arms and at the base of the two fins, but are absent from the undersides of the caped arms. Two larger, white areas on top of the head were initially believed to also be photophores, but are now identified as photoreceptors.
The chromatophores (pigment organs) common to most cephalopods are poorly developed in the vampire squid. Although the animal is, therefore, incapable of changing its skin colour in the dramatic fashion of shallow-dwelling cephalopods, such ability would not be useful at the lightless depths where it lives.
Habitat and adaptations [ edit ]
The vampire squid is an extreme example of a deep sea cephalopod, thought to reside at aphotic (lightless) depths from 600 to 900 metres (2,000 to 3,000 ft) or more. Within this region of the world's oceans is a discrete habitat known as the oxygen minimum zone. Within the zone, the saturation of oxygen is too low to support aerobic metabolism in most complex organisms. Nonetheless, the vampire squid is able to live and breathe normally in the minimum zone at oxygen saturations as low as 3%, an ability that few other animals possess.
To cope with life in the suffocating depths, vampire squids have developed several interesting adaptations. Of all deep-sea cephalopods, their mass-specific metabolic rate is the lowest. Their blue blood's hemocyanin binds and transports oxygen more efficiently than in other cephalopods,[5] aided by gills with an especially large surface area. The animals have weak musculature, but maintain agility and buoyancy with little effort because of sophisticated statocysts (balancing organs akin to a human's inner ear)[6] and ammonium-rich gelatinous tissues closely matching the density of the surrounding seawater.
Like many deep-sea cephalopods, the vampire squid lacks ink sacs. If disturbed, it will curl its arms up outwards and wrap them around its body, turning itself inside-out in a way, exposing spiny projections.[7] If highly agitated, it may eject a sticky cloud of bioluminescent mucus containing innumerable orbs of blue light from the arm tips. This luminous barrage, which may last nearly 10 minutes, would presumably serve to daze would-be predators and allow the vampire squid to disappear into the blackness without the need to swim far. The display is made only if the animal is very agitated because regenerating the mucus is metabolically costly.
Development [ edit ]
Dissected adult (center) and two immature specimens
Few specifics are known regarding the ontogeny of the vampire squid. Their development progresses through three morphologic forms: the very young animals have a single pair of fins, an intermediate form has two pairs, and the mature form again has one. At their earliest and intermediate phases of development, a pair of fins is located near the eyes; as the animal develops, this pair gradually disappears as the other pair develops.[8] As the animals grow and their surface area to volume ratio drops, the fins are resized and repositioned to maximize gait efficiency. Whereas the young propel themselves primarily by jet propulsion, mature adults find flapping their fins to be the most efficient means.[9] This unique ontogeny caused confusion in the past, with the varying forms identified as several species in distinct families.[10]
If hypotheses may be drawn from knowledge of other deep-sea cephalopods, the vampire squid likely reproduces slowly by way of a small number of large eggs. Growth is slow, as nutrients are not abundant at depths frequented by the animals. The vastness of their habitat and its sparse population make procreative encounters a fortuitous event. The female may store a male's hydraulically implanted spermatophore (a tapered, cylindrical satchel of sperm) for long periods before she is ready to fertilize her eggs. Once she does, she may need to brood over them for up to 400 days before they hatch. Their reproductive strategy appears to be of the iteroparous type, which is an exception amongst the otherwise semelparous Coleoidea.[11]
Hatchlings are about 8 mm in length and are well-developed miniatures of the adults, with some differences. Their arms lack webbing, their eyes are smaller, and their velar filaments are not fully formed. The hatchlings are transparent and survive on a generous internal yolk for an unknown period before they begin to actively feed. The smaller animals frequent much deeper waters, perhaps feeding on marine snow (falling organic detritus).
Behaviour [ edit ]
Vampire squid illustration
What behavioural data are known have been gleaned from ephemeral encounters with ROVs; animals are often injured during capture, and survive up to two months in aquaria.[citation needed] An artificial environment makes reliable observation of non-defensive behaviour difficult. In May 2014, Monterey Bay Aquarium (California, United States) became the first to ever put this species on display.[12][13]
With their long velar filaments deployed, vampire squids have been observed drifting along in the deep, black ocean currents. If the filaments contact an entity, or if vibrations impinge upon them, the animals investigate with rapid acrobatic movements. They are capable of swimming at speeds equivalent to two body lengths per second, with an acceleration time of five seconds. However, their weak muscles limit stamina considerably.
Unlike their relatives living in more hospitable climates, deep-sea cephalopods cannot afford to expend energy in protracted flight. Given their low metabolic rate and the low density of prey at such depths, vampire squids must use innovative predator avoidance tactics to conserve energy. Their aforementioned bioluminescent "fireworks" are combined with the writhing of glowing arms, erratic movements, and escape trajectories, making it difficult for a predator to identify a single target.
In a threat response called "pumpkin" or "pineapple" posture, the vampire squid inverts its caped arms back over the body, presenting an ostensibly larger form covered in fearsome-looking though harmless spines (called cirri).[14] The underside of the cape is heavily pigmented, masking most of the body's photophores. The glowing arm tips are clustered together far above the animal's head, diverting attack away from critical areas. If a predator were to bite off an arm tip, the vampire squid can regenerate it.
They have eight arms but lack feeding tentacles, and instead use two retractile filaments in order to capture food. They combine the waste with mucus secreted from suckers to form balls of food. They feed on detritus, including the remains of gelatinous zooplankton (such as salps, larvaceans, and medusae jellies) and complete copepods, ostracods, amphipods, and isopods.[15][4]
Vampire squids have been found among the stomach contents of large, deepwater fish, including giant grenadiers,[16] and deep-diving mammals, such as whales and sea lions.
Relationships [ edit ]
The Vampyromorphida are characterized by derived characters such as the possession of photophores and of two velar filaments which are most probably modified arms. It also shares the inclusion of an internal gladius with other coleoids, including squid, and eight webbed arms with cirrate octopods.
Vampyroteuthis shares its eight cirrate arms with the Cirrata, in which lateral cirri, or filaments, alternate with the suckers. Vampyroteuthis differs in that suckers are present only on the distal half of the arms while cirri run the entire length. In cirrate octopods suckers and cirri run, alternating, the entire length. Also, a close relationship between Vampyroteuthis and the Jurassic-Cretaceous Loligosepiina is indicated by the similarity of their gladiuses, the internal stiffening structure. However, the inclusion of Vampyronassa rhodanica from the middle Jurassic La Voulte-sur-Rhône of France as a vampyroteuthid turns out to be rather doubtful.[17]
The supposed vampyromorphids from the Kimmeridgian-Tithonian (156–146 mya) of Solnhofen, Plesioteuthis prisca, Leptoteuthis gigas, and Trachyteuthis hastiformis, cannot be positively assigned to this group; they are large species (from 35 cm in P. prisca to > 1 m in L. gigas) and show features not found in vampyromorphids, being somewhat similar to the true squids, Teuthida.[18]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Aimee Richardson is out of a job after her role as Princess Myrcella in Game Of Thrones was given to Nell Tiger Free (Picture: Aimee Richardson/Vine)
Game Of Thrones actress Aimee Richardson has been turfed out onto the streets to beg for a job after she was mercilessly axed from the HBO show.
Sixteen-year-old Aimee played Princess Myrcella, the middle Baratheon child between Kings Joffrey and Tommen, but Tyrion packed her off to Dorne, home of the late Oberyn Martell, in his attempt to strengthen the Lannisters' position in King's Landing at the end of the second season and she hasn't been seen since.
Myrcella Baratheon was last seen being shipped off to Dorne at the end of season two (Picture: HBO)
And it looks as though Aimee was expecting to rekindle her role on the show following Joffrey's demise after she uploaded a video of her crowning herself with the words ‘I'm ready' in the wake of The Purple Wedding back in April.
Advertisement
Advertisement
However, GOT producers released a video of the new cast members at Comic-Con last weekend, revealing that Myrcella will be played by Nell Tiger Free in season five.
After the announcement Aimee donned her crown again and posted another video, titling it ‘Well this is embarrassing'.
Nell Tiger Free will play Myrcella going forward (Picture: YouTube)
MORE: Game Of Thrones season 5 cast newbies revealed: Could Trystane Martell be the new Robb Stark?
MORE: Game Of Thrones season five: What we do and don't know after Comic-Con
Share
Volga is one of the oldest automakers operating in Russia today with origins dating back to the Soviet era in the 1950s. The firm is still alive and well, producing mass-market automobiles and trucks for East European markets. And if you happen to be in a new one, there's a bit of a hidden Easter egg in the cars on-board trip computer and gauge cluster display.
A new video surfaced of what appears to be a Russian man discovering this Easter egg in a Volga that's fresh off the assembly line. After turning the vehicle on, he conducts a number of actions in a sequence, such as pumping the brakes, revving the engine, flashing the high beams and turn signals, then tapping the gauge cluster display's option and odometer reset buttons—and voila! Tetris is surprisingly programmed into the gauge cluster's on-board computer.
While it might prove to be a time killer in gridlock, this certainly wouldn't be the safest thing to do if you're actually driving and in motion. And it's probably the worst possible way to play Tetris, given that you're limited to using the car's tiny adjustment and selector knobs on the gauge cluster to play the game.
We guess this is one of the reasons why there are so many YouTube videos of car crashes caught on Russian dash-cams (just kidding). But really, we're partly glad that this Easter egg is hidden well away from the casual driver, thanks to the cryptic sequence of actions needed to enable the game.
We're not exactly sure how this made it past the regulatory teams. But at least we know that Russian engineers still have a sense of humor and fun.
See what we mean in the video above.
CLOSE NorthJersey.com Mets beat reporter Matt Ehalt discusses the latest news before Game 3 of the Subway Series.
Third baseman David Wright during spring training in 2017. (Photo: Chris Pedota/NorthJersey.com)
NEW YORK – Too bad David Wright wasn't around this week to educate Robert Gsellman about a simple clubhouse protocol called respect. The captain hasn't been around much in the last two years, and while the Mets miss what he used to bring to the lineup, the real longing is for Wright's ability to draw a red line and actually enforce it.
It's hard to believe Gsellman would've had the audacity to mouth off to Sandy Alderson on Tuesday had Wright been around. Instead, while the veteran is trying to strengthen his back and save his career, Gsellman told reporters on Tuesday “I don't care” after Alderson suggested he start pitching better.
What insolence. What arrogance. Alderson is an Ivy-educated lawyer, a Marine lieutenant who saw combat in Vietnam, one of baseball's most distinguished executives. Yet, Gsellman, who's pitched less than two full seasons in the majors felt comfortable dismissing his GM with a smirk.
Alderson showed remarkable day-after restraint, explaining the only reason he didn't discipline Gsellman was because of his scheduled start against the Yankees. And to be fair, Gsellman was contrite after the Mets' 5-3 loss to the Yankees, saying "it's my job, so I definitely care. I apologized to Sandy for saying it and we talked it out.”
Still, Gsellman deserved a dressing down and a fine, if only to send a message to the rest of the Mets that words and attitudes matter, even if the season is effectively over.
Mets starting pitcher Robert Gsellman (65) pitches against the New York Yankees during the first inning at Citi Field on Wednesday, Aug. 16, 2017. (Photo: Brad Penner-USA TODAY Sports)
But Alderson shouldn't be alone delivering this message. Good clubhouses tend to police themselves, making sure the wise guys are either reformed or moved out. I cannot imagine a single Yankee who would've mocked Brian Cashman and gotten away with it. Nor is it possible a Met would've tried it on Wright's watch, either.
Remember, it was Wright who famously dumped Noah Syndergaard's lunch in the trash in 2015, convinced the then-rookie's ego had gotten ahead of his resume. Wright, along with Bobby Parnell, were shocked to find Syndergaard eating in the clubhouse in the middle of a spring training game.
Wright was already on the downside of his career by then – a diagnosis of spinal stenosis was only a few months away - but he still had the guts to stand up to Syndergaard.
“When I speak to somebody, when I get on somebody, the point needs to be taken,” Wright told Newsday that day.
Never mind that Thor could've crushed Wright in a fight, he was already that large and powerful. But the thought of challenging Wright never crossed his mind. Duly chastened, Syndergaard thanked the captain for opening his eyes.
“I understand where David was coming from,” Syndergaard said after the incident. “We're playing a team sport. I should be out there supporting my teammates.”
Fast forward two years. Wright is immersed in rehab, unsure if he'll ever play again. The front office admits it has no idea what to do about third base in 2018; there are no prospects in the farm system. Ownership says it can't force Wright to retire, but is dropping hints there'll be no protest if he decides to go home for good.
The Mets, meanwhile are adrift, slogging through their sorriest summer in decades. The veterans have been traded off – Jay Bruce, Neil Walker, Lucas Duda - leaving Terry Collins, himself a short-timer, with a room full of kids. Michael Conforto has been elevated to team leader, whether he's ready or not. The vacuum is evident everywhere you look.
Even before The Great Slide, there were signs of decay. Syndergaard apparently forgot his team-first ethos by refusing Alderson's request for an MRI back in April. He ended up tearing a lat muscle and cost himself the next three months. Matt Harvey failed to show up to the ballpark on the day he was supposed to pitch back in May. Then Yoenis Cespedes told an Oakland writer that A's manager Bob Melvin has been his favorite all along. Cespedes says he's endorsed Melvin in the clubhouse, right under Collins' nose.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Fire and Ice newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong All the news about the New Jersey Devils, from training camp to the regular season and Stanley Cup playoffs. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-282-3422. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Fire and Ice Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Collins figured it was too late in his tenure to make an issue of Cespedes' loyalty - he let it pass. But taken together these are the actions and words of a team that's gone rogue in the absence of authority, not unlike grade schoolers taking advantage of the substitute teacher. Alderson, the principal, is a tough guy, make no mistake. But he's not in that clubhouse on a daily basis. Nor is Collins. Without an in-house enforcer, and six weeks of meaningless baseball on the horizon, you can expect the worst.
That's why the news about Wright's rehab was so disheartening: there's been no breakthrough. Spinal stenosis is an incurable condition, one the captain will have to endure for the rest of his life. He deals with shooting pain down his leg, stiffness in the lower lumbar, and, even on the good days, a dull ache that makes standing up for more than five minutes a chore.
It's a wonder Wright hasn't said Enough. It may come to that. It's possible he's giving strengthening-and-rehab one last chance to succeed this fall and winter. If there's no improvement by next February, don't be surprised if he and the Mets say goodbye. It'll be a unfortunate ending for a good guy who deserved better.
The Mets will eventually find another power-hitting third baseman, but they have to move even faster in their recruitment of a new leader. Last thing Alderson wants is the clubhouse to turn into "Lord of the Flies."
A cook was cutting potatoes at a Quebec seniors' residence when he decided to slice one lengthwise instead of across, as he usually did.
What he saw inside is being called a sign of a divine presence in the building.
"He saw it was a cross and he said, 'It's a sign,'" said Émilien Morin, president of the residents' committee at Le Mieux Vivre Residence in Grande-Rivière.
"He thought it meant 'I'm here' — a religious sign."
The sacred spud was discovered Aug. 22 at the Gaspé Peninsula residence by cook Alain Lévesque.
"He couldn't believe it," Morin said.
Alain Lévesque and Émilien Morin have been instrumental in preserving the potato. (Submitted by Gaston Lebreux)
'It makes them feel safe'
Morin said the residents are devout Catholics and sought a way to preserve the potato.
Jeannette Moreau, a residents' committee member, is currently housing the potato in her apartment as it dries.
Morin says the potato-drying process could take up to a month, adding that the spud has started to darken but the sign of the cross at its centre is still highly visible.
He doesn't want people to visit the vegetable until it's fully dried and ready to be displayed in a custom-made display case.
Morin said the potato will be on display in the dining room where all residents can enjoy being near it.
"It makes them feel safe," Morin said.
Divine? Or a disorder?
The markings inside the potato may be a sign from above, or they may be a sign of hollow heart, a condition that afflicts potatoes grown in very fertile or heavily irrigated soils during wet seasons.
It's caused by the death of cells inside the tuber, and usually results in brown tissue appearing in the centre of the potato.
Friedman: To what extent have you, as a member of the Gang of Eight, been briefed on the content of these conversations?
Schiff: We have not been briefed yet. I was just in the process yesterday of requesting any tapes or transcripts be provided to the Gang of Eight.
Friedman: The House Intelligence Committee has an ongoing investigation [into any connections between Russia and the Trump campaign]. What more do you want to see that would satisfy you?
Schiff: First of all I want to make sure that the scope of our investigation is broad enough to include the events that led up to Flynn's resignation. Plainly we have the charter to look at any of those contacts during the campaign, but it would be a natural extension to look at Flynn's contacts after the campaign that resulted in his removal. [Senate Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell said today that he thinks that ought to be the subject of the Senate Intelligence investigation. I'd like to see us get the same commitment from [House Speaker Paul Ryan]. And I was concerned when the speaker refused to make that commitment today. If the speaker isn't willing to do the investigation that's necessary here, he should allow us to form an independent commission and he ought to get out of the way.
Friedman: What can you do as the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee to pressure the Republicans to take on that extra investigation? [The GOP lawmakers] Devin Nunes and Jason Chaffetz indicated today that there's not a lot of interest on the Republican side in a stepped-up investigation.
Schiff: I think that [position is] going to be very difficult for the speaker to maintain, and ultimately it's the speaker's decision what he will allow his committees to investigate. If Mitch McConnell and the Senate Republicans think that this is an appropriate source of investigation, how does the speaker explain why he won't let the House look into it?
Friedman: What questions do you have specifically regarding the president himself?
Schiff: The first is whether any of the president's team collaborated or colluded at all with Russia during the campaign—during Russian illegal activities in the United States. That, I think, is a very serious allegation that needs to be investigated. But I also want to know if Flynn's conversation with the Russian ambassador about sanctions was something that the president asked him to do—was something the president was aware of, and was being done at the direction of the president, or any of the president's staff, [Chief Strategist Steve] Bannon or anyone. Or whether the national-security adviser was acting as a free agent, which seems implausible and unlikely.
Friedman: Sean Spicer in his press conference today said [the White House] determined that [Flynn] did not do anything illegal. This was an issue of [lost] trust. And there's been a lot of talk among legal experts about how this is not a violation of the Logan Act, which has been defunct for 200 years. So even if there was [direction] from some members of the administration [for Flynn to] bring up sanctions [with the Russian ambassador], why is that such a problem?
With internet rumors and clandestine photographs trickling through the internet, firearms optic giant Aimpoint is ready to officially announce the existence of a T2 sized red dot that operates on a single AAA battery. Currently labeled with a numeric designation, Aimpoint also acknowledges that the AAA Comp M5 is currently in use by Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) units around the world.
Although official specifications are still a little guarded, the micro red dot's headline feature is the ability to remain in a ‘constant on' state at medium brightness for a period of five years without the need for a lithium battery replacement. In addition, the M5 will be submersible to a depth of 147 feet and will be extremely shock resistant.
So, do you want one? Yeah, me too. Unfortunately, Aimpoint will only be producing the Comp M5 for DSS until contract is filled. They estimate consumer availability sometime in the middle of 2018. Which means you only have to wait a year.
I hope to provide you with an updated story with additional pictures and details as we are allowed to do so. Even though Aimpoint is acknowledging that the M5 is being manufactured and is in the wild (literally), the program and contract is still a sensitive topic – obviously competitors would like a closer look from all angles.
Aimpoint AAA Comp M5
I would like to take a second to thank the management team at Aimpoint. When we approached them almost exactly a year ago with knowledge of the Comp M5, they graciously agreed to give TFB advance notice of the eventual public announcement. But that didn't stop me from badgering them almost weekly for updates. So, I'm sorry and thank you.
More details to come when we are allowed to share them with you all.
The under-construction Ikea in Burbank will be the biggest in the US when it's finished in the spring of 2017, but Burbank is not taking any chances that shoppers won't be able to find the 456,000-square-foot home furnishings store. The Burbank Leader reports that "despite objections from some prominent Burbank business owners," Burbank City Council voted to change the name of a segment of First Street to Ikea Way. The change will affect a few crucial blocks the entrance to the purveyor of $1 cinnamon buns and the nearest freeway connection.
In 2014, the city council had given the go-ahead to renaming a new extension of First Street between Santa Anita Avenue to the future Ikea's parking lot entrance on Providencia Avenue, but this most recent approval means that a few more blocks between Angeleno and Santa Anita avenues will also be getting a name change. Supporters of the plan say that it will help create a "more favorable traffic pattern" and help let people know that they're definitely on the right path if they're trying to get to Ikea.
The name change was not suggested by Ikea honchos, but by a member of the city's traffic commission, who said that the new name would "enable the city to seek California Department of Transportation signs along the freeway pointing drivers to the Verdugo Avenue exit." CalTrans doesn't put up signs specifically pointing to a business, the official said, but they might have to if it just happened to be in the name of a street.
· Part of Burbank's First Street to become IKEA Way [Burbank Leader]
· Work Begins on the Biggest Ikea in the United States [Curbed LA]
What do we want to achieve ?
You have application X deployed (or like in this case Google Chrome) as available to your client and you wan't to trigger the installation remotely without needing to actually go in to software center on that remote computer like this
Perfect if you want to save time and last but not least It's cool to run scripts 😀 !
This could be a perfect help for either service desk or if your a sysadmin and have a lot of servers that you maintain.
Script also available over at Technet
Powershell Script
Function Trigger-AppInstallation { Param ( [String][Parameter(Mandatory=$True, Position=1)] $Computername, [String][Parameter(Mandatory=$True, Position=2)] $AppName, [ValidateSet("Install","Uninstall")] [String][Parameter(Mandatory=$True, Position=3)] $Method ) Begin { $Application = (Get-CimInstance -ClassName CCM_Application -Namespace "root\ccm\clientSDK" -ComputerName $Computername | Where-Object {$_.Name -like $AppName}) $Args = @{EnforcePreference = [UINT32] 0 Id = "$($Application.id)" IsMachineTarget = $Application.IsMachineTarget IsRebootIfNeeded = $False Priority = 'High' Revision = "$($Application.Revision)" } } Process { Invoke-CimMethod -Namespace "root\ccm\clientSDK" -ClassName CCM_Application -ComputerName $Computername -MethodName $Method -Arguments $Args } End {} }
Dissecting the script
We start out with naming the function Trigger-AppInstallation (tho it also will uninstall) I'm just bad at making up names lol.
there are 3 parameters that needs to be specified when running the function and those are
Computername (states the computer name for example SD010)
Appname (The applicaiton you would like to install or uninstall)
Method (Is defined with either Install or Uninstall depending on what you want and it can the parameter will only accept those 2 different strings and if you would write anything else it will just prompt an error msg)
Function Trigger-AppInstallation { Param ( [String][Parameter(Mandatory=$True, Position=1)] $Computername, [String][Parameter(Mandatory=$True, Position=2)] $AppName, [ValidateSet("Install","Uninstall")] [String][Parameter(Mandatory=$True, Position=3)] $Method )
Next up is the Beginning block where we are just getting the CIM instance for that specific application from the remote computer after that we gather the necessary arguments that we need later when we are going to invoke the CIM method in the process block. The only 2 arguments i kept static was IsRebootIfNeeded = $False meaning that it will not reboot when installing or uninstalling the application, if you set this one to $True it will reboot. and Priority i kept as “High” because why not right ?
Begin { $Application = (Get-CimInstance -ClassName CCM_Application -Namespace "root\ccm\clientSDK" -ComputerName $Computername | Where-Object {$_.Name -like $AppName}) $Args = @{EnforcePreference = [UINT32] 0 Id = "$($Application.id)" IsMachineTarget = $Application.IsMachineTarget IsRebootIfNeeded = $False Priority = 'High' Revision = "$($Application.Revision)" } }
The process block, here we are calling the method that's either Install or Uninstall on the specific CIM instance. Passing through computername, method and arguments from earlier. Information about the method it self you can find over at Microsoft https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/jj902785.aspx but sadly sometimes the documentation there doesn't seem to be 100% correct but nether the less its a great starting point.
Process { Invoke-CimMethod -Namespace "root\ccm\clientSDK" -ClassName CCM_Application -ComputerName $Computername -MethodName $Method -Arguments $Params }
Examples
If you trigger the function below you will install the the app Google Chrome on computer SD010
Trigger-AppInstallation -Computername SD010 -AppName "Google Chrome" -Method Install
If the script was invoked succesfully you will get back the following return value 0
and the installation is triggered on the remote client
If you want to uninstall the same application, just change the -Method parameter to Uninstall instead of install.
Trigger-AppInstallation -Computername SD010 -AppName "Google Chrome" -Method Uninstall
And the following will happen on the client
Thats all for now, until next time !
Cheers Timmy
