Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 619. Click here for the full source image.
Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 620. Click here for the full source image.
Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 604. Click here for the full source image.
Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 617. Click here for the full source image.
Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 571. Click here for the full source image.
Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 610. Click here for the full source image.
Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 571. Click here for the full source image.
Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 608. Click here for the full source image.
Image source: NASA. Taken on Sol 590. Click here for the full source image.
Ever since NASA's Curiosity rover touched down on Mars in August 2012, extraterrestrial enthusiasts have been pouring over the images sent back to Earth in the hope of finding evidence of ancient alien civilisations. Some of the images highlighted by investigators so far have contained some very intriguing artefacts, so at Unearthly News we decided to spend a few hours sifting through the most recent photos to see if we could find anything ourselves.The following images come directly from the NASA Curiosity web site and have not been altered except for some cropping and zoom enhancements. Links to the original source photos are also available under each image.Do these incredible images represent true evidence of ancient life on Mars? Or, are they just random patterns created by natural weathering? You decide...
Hello eleVR blog readers! This is Henry Segerman, guest blogging about a research project I've been working on with eleVR. I'm a mathematician and mathematical artist, and I also worked with eleVR on Hypernom and Monkeys.
First of all, go watch this discussion and tech demo spherical video:
If you want to jump straight into the code, here it is on Github.
Almost all current devices and platforms use an equirectangular projection of spherical video data for storage and streaming. This converts a sphere of data into a 2×1 rectangle of data, which fits in nicely with current infrastructure for video. What doesn't currently work very nicely is editing spherical video in equirectangular format. As Emily outlined in her talk at Vidcon, what you can do in ordinary rectangular video editing software is quite limited. For example, if you want to rotate the video around anything other than a vertical axis, you're out of luck.
It seems obvious that future spherical video editing software should include the ability to rotate all or part of a scene around any axis, the equivalent of translating and rotating flat video. What about other effects, for example scaling content to be larger or smaller (or equivalently, performing digital zoom)?
Möbius transformations
Möbius transformations are transformations of the sphere that include ordinary rotations of the sphere, as well as very natural zoom-like transformations and many other interesting effects, as we show in the video. The code we used to make the transformations to the video above is available on Github. It is written in Python, and modifies individual png files, very slowly, taking around a minute for each frame at 1920×960 resolution. (But fast enough for research purposes. Someone implements this in proper video editing software please!) The code should hopefully be easy to follow, but I'll also outline the process here.
We have a sequence of transformations:
Pixel coordinates (say on a 1920×960 rectangle) → (0, 2π) × (-π/2, π/2) → unit sphere in R³ → CP¹
The first transformation just scales the pixel coordinates to be angles, and the second is the inverse of equirectangular projection. Next, I'll describe CP¹ (one-dimensional complex projective space), and the third transformation. CP¹ is the set of pairs of complex numbers, (z,w), where we say that (z,w) is the same as (λz,λw) for any non-zero complex number λ. In other words, we can scale both coordinates and it doesn't change the point in CP¹. It's useful to think about a pair (z,w) as the single complex number z/w. Of course if you scale both the numerator and the denominator of a fraction by the same number, it doesn't change the number that you get. So, CP¹ is almost the same as the set of complex numbers. The difference is that in CP¹ we can talk about the pair (1,0), while 1/0 doesn't make sense as a complex number. So CP¹ is just the complex plane, with a single point added “at infinity”. The plane, plus a point at infinity, is topologically the same as a sphere. The third transformation in the sequence above, from the unit sphere in R³ to CP¹, is just realizing this topological fact, using stereographic projection. Here's a photo of a model illustrating stereographic projection as a map from the sphere to the plane (you follow where the light rays go to see what the map does).
The North Pole of the sphere doesn't map anywhere on the plane, it gets mapped to a point at infinity, which corresponds to (1,0) in CP¹.
Ok, so now we are in CP¹. Möbius transformations are what you get by applying 2×2 complex matrices to each point (z,w), viewed as a two-dimensional complex vector. So, for example,
Thinking again of points of CP¹ as single complex numbers, this converts z/w into 2z/w. In other words, this scales everything away from zero by a factor of two. On the sphere however, it scales things away from the South Pole, and towards the North Pole. If we do this to a spherical video (that is, mapping all the way from pixel coordinates to CP¹, applying the matrix and then mapping all the way back to pixel coordinates), it looks like we are zooming in on the South Pole, and zooming out from the North Pole. Here's a test equirectangular image, and the result of doing this kind of “zoom by a factor of two”, this time between two opposite points on the equator:
Notice that close to the center of these images, you really do get a zoom by a factor of two, and on the opposite side of the sphere (at the midpoints of the left and right edges), you zoom out by a factor of two.
If you want to rotate using a 2×2 complex matrix, you would multiply by the appropriate complex number. So for example to rotate by 90 degrees, you want to multiply by , so you would use the matrix
Using other kinds of matrix (functions for which are included in the code on Github) you can rotate about any two points of the sphere, by whatever angle you want, or zoom from any point of the sphere towards any other point.
Conformality
So, apart from the math being nice, why else are Möbius transformations a good idea for video editing? As we mention in the video above, they are all conformal, meaning that they don't change angles. In ordinary flat video or still image editing, zooming and rotating don't change the angle at which two lines meet, while if you shear an image then angles do change. If you look closely at just a small part of an image, it will look pretty much the same after a conformal mapping, while if you shear an image you can tell by looking at any tiny part of it that something is distorted. Of course things can change drastically on the larger scale, but at least each small part of the scene looks reasonable on its own.
If you have any questions about the theory, or the implementation, or make something cool using Möbius transformations, please tweet me at @henryseg!
-Henry
P. S. I was inspired to start thinking about Möbius transformations applied to spherical imagery when I read The Mercator Redemption, a paper by Sébastien Pérez-Duarte and David Swart.
P. P. S. There is an awesome video, Moebius transformations revealed, which shows visually how various Möbius transformations of the complex plane can be interpreted as motions of a sphere. This sphere is close to, but is not really the same as the sphere of our spherical video!
Django views automated testing with selenium
Selenium
Yusuf Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 4, 2015
Selenium is set of tools for automating browsers. It provides a lot of options and APIs for automating user interaction with the web applications. It is used for testing web applications, web scraping and automating boring repetitive tasks.
Selenium supports automation on all the major browsers including Firefox, Internet Explorer,Google Chrome, Safari, and Opera. Selenium can be also run on android devices.
In our story we gonna use selenium WebDriver with Firefox for automating a django views test same as we were doing it manually.
Installation
Selenium WebDriver is available for various programming languages. on our case we gonna use python. To install the selenium package in a simple way, we gonna use pip.
$ sudo pip install selenium
Now our package is installed. Then, we gonna demonstrate how to write a functional test for a django project.
Demo
Our environment is ready now for writing our tests.
For a quick demo i gonna write an automated test for a account app to create a new user account.
We will inherit LiveServerTestCase class that gonna run automatically a test server in the background. Then, our selenium tests will be run against that server. We can run our test simply by using the following command by replacing appname with your django app name.
$ python manage.py test appname
In each django app there are a tests.py file dedicated to write and run our test. Im using the follow snippet in my tests file.
As we see, the code is so simple and all that's is running our test.
### Links
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.4/topics/testing/#live-test-server
https://code.google.com/p/chromedriver/downloads/list
https://selenium-python.readthedocs.org/
Police were forced to use tear gas and baton charges to break up multiple protests in Tunis city centre. Outside the capital, official authority disintegrated as provincial towns were swept by rampaging mobs.
Three ministers from the union-linked UGTT party withdrew from the interim administration, which was set up on Monday night to hold the fort until elections are held in 60 days. Mustafa Ben Jaafar, the health minister from the Labour party, also quit and Ettajdid, the third opposition movement, threatened to join the pull out. All three parties demanded the dissolution of the ruling Democratic Constitutional Rally party (RCD).
Mohamed Ghannouchi, the prime minister and Fouad Mebazaa, the president, quit the RCD on Tuesday night in a last ditch move to separate the party and government in response to the exodus of opposition figures. The party also took the symbolic step of expelling Mr Ben Ali and six cronies. Rumours that Mr Ghannouchi, a technocrat, had resigned had circulated earlier in the day and had emboldened demonstrators.
The dominance of tainted RCD ministers in the new administration dismayed Tunisians hungering for vengeance against the elite.
"Nobody has clean hands, those that are surviving just have a cleaner reputation for competence," said Azza Turki, 29, a Tunis writer. "But a vendetta culture has taken over Tunisians, they want revenge on the old leaders and are ready to take their own justice, not wait for proper trials."
The revolt against the apparatchiks who wielded unquestioned power under Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali, the ex-president, spread inside official buildings and institutions linked to the former dictator and his family.
Revolutionary committees of workers were set to strip power from state-appointed directors. At Presse, a French language newspaper that was the mouthpiece of Ben Ali, a faction of the workforce deposed the editor-in-chief. Ex-propagandists proclaimed their loyalty to the so-called Jasmine revolution that forced Mr Ben Ali to flee.
"The Jasmine revolution is good and we must say so," declared Souad Ben Sulieman, the culture editor. "Tunisia has no legitimate government until the revolution is won."
Mayoral offices across the country were reported to be besieged by crowds numbering up to several thousand and employees were demanding that hated local leaders step aside.
The RCD leadership issued circulars promising that those who had "stolen" under Mr Ben Ali would face a tribunal and punishment. But its efforts to quell the revolt met with scorn. Abdul Rahman, an unshaven RCD hardman, pleaded with pedestrians for negotiations to resolve the country's problems. "We are the people of Tunisia, we will only decide the government through elections not by violence."
Some Tunisians were already looking to the army, headed by Gen Rachid Ammar, to step in to impose control.
Gen Ammar is widely believed to have delivered the coup de grace to Mr Ben Ali by refusing to fire on demonstrators last week. "I think this is becoming the only option," said Bimsi Adel, a middle-aged resident of Tunis as he watched the demonstrations. "It could be tonight, it could be tomorrow. There are many rumours and maybe soon this will be the only option."
Even an army takeover may not restore calm. Mr Ben Ali's relatives dominance of the economy was such that the banks have been stripped of their reserves and whole corporations providing employment for tens of thousands have been shuttered. Le Point, a French magazine, reported that Ben Ali loyalists had hidden hundreds of car bombs to push the country into an Iraq-style civil war.
The fallout from the collapse of the pro-Western Ben Ali regime reverberated abroad. Copycat immolations in Algeria and Egypt brought the number of incidents across the region to 10.
Michele Alliot-Marie, the French foreign minister, was forced to defend her offer of military support to Mr Ben Ali's government in its dying hours before MPs. "I am scandalised that certain people have tried to distort my comments," she said."I was distressed by the firing of live rounds on a number of protesters and the casualties this caused."
William Hague, the Foreign Secretary, called for restraint in the face of demonstrations. He said: "I think the important thing is these elections go ahead in a free and fair way and the people of Tunisia are able to choose."
Illustration by James Martin/CNET
AIMELIIK STATE, Palau-- Pat Scannon glanced down at his waterproof notebook and prepared to read. Nearby, hovered around the stern of the Kemedukl, a 40-foot aluminum catamaran, the team responsible for finding a World War II torpedo bomber lost at sea waited for Scannon to start the flag ceremony for the plane's long-lost airmen.
In the second half of 1944, a TBM Avenger with a crew of three, flying with a Navy torpedo squadron, "took off from a fast attack aircraft carrier on a mission flying over the State of Aimeliik in the Republic of Palau," Scannon read, as part of a March 31 ceremony. "The crew was listed as missing in action and has remained listed as missing in action for the past 70 years."
No more. The Kemedukl, which takes its name from the Palauan term for the bumphead parrotfish, bobbed on the gentle sea, just 100 feet above the Avenger crash site. The bomber was discovered on March 24, barely 300 yards from the mangrove jungles of Aimeliik.
As team leader of the BentProp Project, Scannon fronts a volunteer group that makes annual expeditions to Palau, an island country about 1,000 miles east of Manila. His aim is to find as many as possible of the 217 US Navy, Marine, and Army Air Corps planes -- and the remains of the airmen aboard them -- lost during 14 months of fighting around Palau between 1944 and 1945. Since 1993, the project has found 36 American planes, and a few dozen Japanese aircraft.
The search for the Avenger and its crew lasted nine years.
Daniel Terdiman/CNET
"It's always exciting to discover a new crash site," said Scannon, a thin, 67-year-old dressed in cargo pants and a weathered ball cap, a red bandana tied under his full white beard and mustache. "But what it really means to me is that we've begun a process whereby the families of these missing airmen are finally going to get answers."
For years, BentProp had used a combination of deep research and a smattering of technology to find missing planes. But the easy discoveries had been made, and the aircraft still hidden in the Palauan waters were the hardest to find. Fortunately, the organization now has new partners in its hunt, two groups of expert oceanographers (plus a team of smart high school roboticists) with expensive gear like autonomous underwater vehicles that can go much farther than Scannon and his crew ever could. This highly effective yet impersonal technology is now helping to answer some of the most personal, human questions left from World War II.
Nine bloody operations
To all but serious World War II buffs, Palau's place in the Pacific War isn't well known. But the Micronesian archipelago of 250 islands was key to allied victory. Between March 1944 and May 1945, the US mounted nine separate operations there, at first attacking (and largely destroying) the Japanese sea and air fleets there. American fighters went on to take the airfield at Peleliu in a brutal 10-week campaign that cost 1,285 American and 11,000 Japanese combatants their lives. Controlling that airfield was vital to protecting the US flank in the Philippines.
The story of how BentProp found the Avenger begins in 2005, when, taken there by a Palauan, Scannon and a seven-member team found a wing in the thick mangroves at the edge of Aimeliik. Despite exhaustive, and admittedly inefficient, searches on land and in the nearby waters, the team failed to locate the rest of the plane. Their fortunes changed in 2014, thanks to new documentation, additional information from locals, deep research at the National Archives, and, as important, access to cutting-edge technology run by the science teams from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography and the University of Delaware.
Screenshot by CNET
But first some history on Scannon, who began his searches for American MIAs almost by accident. In 1993, he and some scuba buddies from Xoma, a Berkeley, Calif., biotechnology company he co-founded, traveled to Palau. Their goal was to be the first people to find the Japanese trawler that, in the summer of 1944, was the initial kill of then-Ensign George H.W. Bush.
That search was successful, and flush with excitement at being so close to history, Scannon began trolling the Palauan islands for other sunken World War II artifacts. If there was any doubt that Scannon, a doctor and a scientist, would devote a big part of his life, and substantial financial resources, to hunting for lost airmen he'd never known, two early successes cemented his resolve. In 1994, he returned to Palau armed with information about three missing B-24 Liberators that crashed during bombing raids in 1944. In just 48 hours, he found two.
Now playing: Watch this: Underwater robots helping find missing WWII planes, airmen
At first working alone, and then with a few confederates, Scannon realized his annual efforts required more structure, particularly if he wanted the respect and cooperation of US military representatives tasked with investigating MIA sites and notifying family members. The work is slow, and on many expeditions, despite spending a full month in Palau, they don't find any American aircraft.
Sometimes, the discovery of a plane, such as that of the third Liberator -- chronicled in Wil Hylton's compelling 2013 book "Vanished" -- is due more to luck, and exhaustive research, than to the scientific method.
Daniel Terdiman/CNET
In 2002, the BentProp Project became a formal organization. Now Scannon and other members, each of whom pay their own costs, return each year on what the group refers to as P-MAN (for Palau-Marine, Army Air Force, Navy) missions.
The monthlong 2014 expedition, dubbed P-MAN XVI, began March 15. By coincidence, it was at about that time that the world was getting caught up in the high-profile search for another aircraft presumed lost deep underwater, the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
Side-scanning sonar
One night in 2012, the BentProp crew ran into a group of diners at the Drop Off Bar and Grill, a popular seaside watering hole on the south end of the main drag in Koror, Palau's only real population center. They were led by Eric Terrill, director of Scripps' Coastal Observing and Research Center, and Mark Moline, director of the University of Delaware School of Marine Science and Policy.
The two veteran oceanographers were together running their own annual mission, a scientific effort started in 2010 and funded by the US Office of Naval Research, to track sea level rise, currents, and weather data in the Palauan islands. Terrill and Moline travel with fancy toys, most notably three remote environmental sampling units, $300,000 programmable underwater robots, known as Remus, packed with cameras and sensors, that are fantastic at surveying underwater environments. The robots also include a sophisticated side-scanning sonar system that generates imagery of the sea bottom, even when visibility is poor.
BentProp was familiar with side-scanning sonar, and had been towing a tethered device from a boat. But that approach was slow and inefficient. The Remus, said Moline, could be sent out on autonomous missions, methodically covering huge grids. "It was hard watching them work so hard at getting nowhere," Moline said of BentProp's efforts. "They'd see targets and dive those. They were not able to cover much area effectively."
It didn't take long for BentProp and the oceanographic teams to figure out they should join forces, and throw a Remus at the recovery problem. "Eric and I said, 'We could run a couple missions for you,'" Moline recalled in an interview in Palau in early April.
Daniel Terdiman/CNET
After both teams returned to the US following their 2012 Palau expeditions, they began serious talks about working together. Moline and Terrill secured additional ONR funding, with the goal of linking their scientific efforts to BentProp. They also brought on Michigan's Stockbridge High School -- and its robotics program -- as part of a science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) educational program. In 2013, the groups converged on Palau, a set of specific airplanes in their sights.
The 2013 expedition was not a success. Since it found no American aircraft, BentProp on that occasion was unable to fulfill its core mission, which is to bring families of MIAs information about the fate of their lost loved ones. But the initial technology partnership led to the discovery of a sunken Japanese World War II float plane, and expanded in 2014 with oceanographers using a suite of technologies, such as 3D imaging sonar, LIDAR, advanced statistical modeling, and Autodesk 3D modeling software deployed on aerial drones. The 2013 effort, though, demonstrated "to BentProp and us that the interaction between the two groups would be beneficial," Moline said.
"Beneficial" may be an understatement. Within nine days of starting the 2014 expedition, the combined teams found the Avenger. Four days later, they discovered an F6F Hellcat fighter that BentProp had been seeking for at least 10 years.
Scannon was ecstatic. "To find two MIA sites in a single season is unprecedented in our experience."
'It's a blessing to know them'
For now the names of the planes remain out of the public eye. Notifying family members that their loved ones have finally been found is specifically not part of BentProp's purview. That job falls to the US military itself, and only after a meticulous recovery process by archaeologists and anthropologists from the Hawaii-based Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command. Official notification can take just a few months if dental remains are in good shape, or an average of 18 months if DNA is required to make a match, according to Bill Belcher, a JPAC archaeologist and forensic anthropologist who is also a BentProp member.
As for the planes, once JPAC has excavated them, they remain US military property but are left where they've been for the last 70 years.
That's just fine with BentProp, which exists for one reason and one reason only: finding the MIAs, no matter if it takes a week or more than a decade.
"They're searching for people they don't even know, that they're not related to, and they respect them," said Jo Schumacher, whose uncle Arthur Schumacher parachuted in 1944 out of the doomed B-24 Liberator at the heart of "Vanished," and who was captured and executed by the Japanese. "It's just indescribable the amount of effort, and time, and love, that they put into finding family members. I can't even explain it. It's huge. It's a blessing to know them."
Casey Doyle agrees. His grandfather, Jimmie Doyle, was on that same B-24, and died when it crashed into the sea. But until BentProp finally found it, in 2004, the plane's fate was unknown. Doyle's father spent decades listening to whispers from family members that Jimmie was alive and had abandoned him and his mother. "The discovery meant so much to my father," recalled Casey Doyle, who joined BentProp to "lend a hand." "It has totally changed the foundation upon which all his assumptions of who he is and where he comes from are based upon."
'For the fallen'
The Avenger found on March 24 was part of a torpedo squadron that took off from an aircraft carrier in the South Pacific in the second half of 1944.
The plane, which had retractable landing gear and tail-wheel, could launch from land or a carrier, and had a crew of three: a pilot, a bombardier-gunner, and a radio operator-gunner. From 1942 to 1945, the Avenger was the US military's main torpedo bomber. For Scripps' Terrill, helping find the Avenger had special meaning: His grandfather was manager of the paint and body shop at the Grumman factory in Tarrytown, N.Y., where it was built. "That was kind of a cool feeling," Terrill said, sitting in a Koror office in early April.
On a sunny March 31, with Terrill and his Scripps team standing alongside those from the University of Delaware and BentProp, Scannon started the ceremony that marks the beginning of the slow, methodical process that one day will lead to the military formally notifying the families of the Avenger's crew that they've been found.
In the late afternoon, the three teams stood in shadow on the Kemedukl. Two oceanographers held three American flags, and to their left, two Palauans held their nation's flag. Then, in a series of crisp, tight moves, BentProp members Casey Doyle and Derek Abbey (both US Marines, though Abbey recently retired from the service) folded the flags into thick, taut triangles before handing them, one after another, to fellow team member, and former Navy lieutenant commander, Flip Colmer, who will ensure they are given to the families of the airmen.
Daniel Terdiman/CNET
"The open flags are symbolic of the sacrifices made by these naval aviators in defense of our country, and also the consequent sacrifices of the families of this aircrew," Scannon said. "The joint folding of the American flag and the Palauan flag is also representative of the close partnership between the American people and the Palauan people in making this day possible."
Everyone aboard the Kemedukl remained silent, though several people had tears in their eyes, as Scannon closed the ceremony by reciting a passage from "For the Fallen," a World War I poem by Laurence Binyon: "They shall not grow old, as we that are left grow old: / Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn. / At the going down of the sun and in the morning / We will remember them."
Sometimes, pictures speak louder than words. With the news that the Obama Administration is the most secretive in U.S. history, this picture should make it even more clear what the administration's definition of hope is:
***
The following photos in the public domain were adapted for use in this article.
Obama Mask: Pete Souza/Wikimedia, Hoover: National Archives/Wikimedia, Barack Obama: Pete Souza/Wikimedia, Richard Nixon: Wikimedia, Ronald Reagan: Defense Department/Wikimedia, George W. Bush: Defense.gov
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
IND-OAK grades: Mack shines as Raiders lose Carr to injury
By William Moy • Dec 24, 2016
Oakland Raiders 33, Indianapolis Colts 25
Here are the highest-graded players and top takeaways from Oakland's 33-25 victory over Indianapolis, which officially knocked the Colts out of playoff contention.
Quarterback grade: Derek Carr, 82.5
Carr plays well before leaving with injury
This game will not be remembered for the result, but for Derek Carr's broken fibula suffered late. Prior to the injury, Carr looked to have bounced back from two below-par games the last two weeks. Against the Colts, Carr had all day to pass, as he was only pressured on 5 dropbacks (out of 32) and even when he was pressured he completed 75 percent of his passes for 12.8 yards per attempt. Carr wasn't the most accurate on deep passes over 20 yards, completing just 3-of-7 passes for 91 yards.
Top offensive grades:
QB Derek Carr, 82.5
C Rodney Hudson, 78.7
HB Jalen Richard, 77.0
WR Amari Cooper, 76.7
T Menelik Watson, 75.2
Rushing attack holds off Colts
Losing Carr is a huge damper on the Raiders season, but the team still gets to go to the playoffs and if it is going to do any damage in the playoffs it will need to rely on the offensive line and the running game to take the burden off the shoulders of backup quarterback Matt McGloin. Against the Colts, the running game dominated a poor run defense in the second half. The Raiders used three running backs; the only runner who seemed to struggle was starting RB Latavius Murray. Backups DeAndre Washingon and Jalen Richard combined for 165 yards on 18 carries as they where able to use their shiftiness to create lanes when the point of attack was broken down and showed how the Raiders can rely on their runners to take over in the playoffs.
Top defensive grades:
ED Khalil Mack, 86.2
S Reggie Nelson, 83.6
ED Bruce Irvin, 74.3
LB Perry Riley, 73.0
CB David Amerson, 69.6
Khalil Mack shows no mercy on Christmas Eve
If the Colts offensive linemen thought that Khalil Mack would give them a bit of a breather in the spirit of Christmas, they most certainly thought wrong. Mack was unstoppable as a pass-rusher, racking up nine total pressures (eight hurries and one hit) on 33 pass-rush attempts, and it would have been more had Andrew Luck not gotten rid of the ball as quickly as he did on a few occasions. Mack has been a force of nature this season and, prior to Week 16's Sunday/Monday games, he sits as our No. 1-ranked edge defender for the season with an overall grade of 93.8.
Quarterback grade: Andrew Luck, 74.1
Luck brilliant when given time
Andrew Luck was a very different quarterback Saturday afternoon when he was under pressure compared to when he wasn't. When given a clean pocket to throw from, Luck completed 14-of-15 passes for 190 yards, a touchdown and no interceptions, giving him a 141.0 passer rating when kept clean. While under pressure though, Luck was able to connect on just 5-of-14 passes for 98 yards, a touchdown and two interceptions, putting up a 45.2 passer rating. Luck faced pressure on half of his dropbacks on Sunday, the highest rate among all quarterbacks entering Saturday evening.
Top offensive grades:
WR T.Y. Hilton, 80.8
G Joe Haeg, 80.7
TE Jack Doyle, 79.5
QB Andrew Luck, 74.1
C Ryan Kelly, 72.5
Jekyll and Hyde on Colts offensive line
Rookie's Joe Haeg and Ryan Kelly had good games, with both contributing positively as run-blockers – especially Haeg, who finished the game with an 87.8 run-blocking grade – while each allowed two pressures in pass protection. Meanwhile, Anthony Castonzo, Jonotthan Harrison and Le'Raven Clark combined to allow 12 pressures between them. Luck threw both of his interceptions while targeting Hilton, but Hilton wasn't to blame for either of them; all in all Hilton hauled in 4-of-9 targets for 105 yards (and a two-point conversion), while Jack Doyle brought in 5-of-7 targets for 46 yards. Eight of Hilton and Doyle's combined nine catches resulted in Colts' first downs.
Top defensive grades:
LB Antonio Morrison, 84.8
LB Edwin Jackson, 81.6
DI Henry Anderson, 80.4
CB Darius Butler, 72.3
ED Akeem Ayers, 67.9
Henry Anderson stands out on bleak Christmas Eve for Colts defense
The Colts defense had very few players who stood out. The linebacker pair of Antonio Morrison and Edwin Jackson showed they both have potential as run-stopping linebackers as they combined for 7 stops against the run. The other performance that was head and shoulders above everyone else was the play of Henry Anderson, who is in his second season in the NFL and still trying to get back to his play from last season (prior to his ACL tear). He played significantly more snaps Saturday than he had in any other game this season and rewarded the Colts with consistent play against the run as he was too strong for tight end Clive Walford. This was an encouraging sign that next season Anderson might be able to get back to first-year play where he was able to be one of the best rookies in 2015.
PFF Game-Ball winner: Raiders ED Khalil Mack. 86.2
PFF's player grading process includes multiple reviews, which may change the grade initially published in order to increase its accuracy. Learn more about how we grade and access grades for every player through each week of the NFL season by subscribing to Player Grades.
The Trump tax plan that has now been drafted in the House includes the biggest small business tax cut in at least 15 years. We believe the small business employers who hire well over half of American workers are big winners here, and kudos to President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and House Republicans for giving them long overdue relief. Anything that benefits small businesses by allowing them to succeed and expand is unquestionably good news for American workers.
The bill calls for a new 25 percent top marginal small business tax rate, down from the current 39.6 percent rate on successful businesses. This reform will allow millions of American manufacturers, retailers, and other small businesses to keep more of their earnings necessary to compete with their big business and international competitors. It will also help keep them located here in the United States.
ADVERTISEMENT
There are caveats to the new 25 percent rate. First, only 30 percent of qualifying earnings can be considered business income and subject to this new rate. The other 70 percent will be considered wage income and will be taxed at the new individual tax rates. By the way, the current 39.6 percent rate on America's small businesses is one of the highest in the world. Most other nations already provide a lower tax rate for the small entrepreneurial firms.
Why this 30-70 split? This is a much-needed guardrail to prevent taxpayers from gaming the system by simply shifting their wage income to business income. This is what tens of thousands of wage earners did in Kansas after it eliminated its small business tax in 2012 without implementing similar guardrails. A memorable example: University of Kansas football coach David Beaty classified more than $500,000 of his salary as tax-free business income. But, if some businesses don't like this simple 30-70 rule, they can elect to apply a formula based on the facts and circumstances of their business.
Second, professional services small businesses such as accounting, financial, and communication firms would be prevented from accessing the 25 percent rate altogether. While we agree the optics of a hedge fund paying a lower tax rate than a wage earner in the heartland are bad, we would like to see this 25 percent rate extended to all small businesses that are also employers, regardless of industry classification, in order to do the most good for employees, job seekers, and the overall economy.
The bill isn't perfect, but some of the complaints we've been hearing aren't justified. We were surprised and disappointed the National Federation of Independent Businesses responded negatively to the plan. Its president, Juanita Duggan, said, “This bill leaves too many small businesses behind.” But in reality, nearly all American small businesses, even those that don't qualify for the new 25 percent rate, would get tax relief under this bill. Since the vast majority of small businesses pay tax at individual tax rates, they will benefit along with all hardworking taxpayers from the bill's new individual rate structure.
Remember, small business owners pay their taxes through the individual tax code. This means they will save from many features of the tax plan, such as the doubling of the standard deduction and the lower rates across the income spectrum. These two provisions alone will save ordinary small businesses thousands of dollars a year in taxes that can be reinvested back into their businesses, employees, and communities.
Small businesses that earn more will benefit from the elimination of the 28 percent and 33 percent tax brackets as well as the higher income thresholds on the 25 percent and 39.6 percent tax brackets. For instance, the 25 percent rate will apply to family earnings up to $260,000. The cap is currently at $153,000. These better capitalized small businesses, which are often pillars of their communities, could save tens of thousands of dollars a year, reinvigorating Main Streets across the country.
One of our favorite reforms that isn't getting much attention is that businesses will get an immediate tax write-off for their capital investment expenses, such as computers, trucks, buildings, equipment, technology, and so on. This tax incentive will highly motivate small employers to expand their operations, which is good for everyone.
Similarly, full loan interest expensing means businesses can fully deduct interest expenses, making the debt most businesses need to start and expand a little more manageable. It may even make it easier for start-up companies to get the loans they need, which have been hard to get of late, to provide the seed capital to get growing.
The two of us routinely talk to the men and women who own and operate small businesses. Most of them tell us that if Congress delivers on the Trump tax cut, they will invest most of their tax savings into growing their businesses so they can become medium and even large businesses over time. This is how we will create the next generation of Home Depots, Googles, and FedExes.
Taken together, these small business provisions in the new tax bill bring vital relief to the nation's job creators. President Trump said last week that one primary goal of this bill is to make America's business tax system one of the most competitive in the world, where businesses can expand, hire, and raise wages. All small businesses should support it.
Alfredo Ortiz is president and CEO of the Job Creators Network.
Stephen Moore is a distinguished visiting fellow at the Heritage Foundation. He served as an economic advisor to the Trump campaign.
“There's a green… potato-looking… thing that lives with the X-Men. He is… Doop.” —All-New Doop #1
Doop has no place in superhero comics. With a bizarre inhuman appearance and no specific origin or power set, he's a mystery that has never been solved and likely never will be, a collection of questions in a genre that isn't known for being particularly enigmatic. Superhero titles can certainly be puzzling for new readers who aren't familiar with years of continuity—and that's not even considering the confusion caused by reboots—but the stories themselves tend to be straightforward, rarely venturing into the abstract territory Doop represents.
Advertisement
There's no place for him, but he's a significant character because his creators made a place for him. In the pages of X-Force (later X-Statix), writer Peter Milligan and artist Mike Allred ignored tradition and continuity, giving birth to a piece of superhero pop art that has become a regular fixture in X-Men comics thanks to his unique relationship with the reader. In an interview with Marvel.com discussing this week's All-New Doop #1 (the start of a five-issue miniseries written by Milligan with art from David Lafuente and colors by Laura Allred), Milligan explains why Doop has become a fan favorite:
“The very idea that such a bizarre being could still be going strong in the Marvel Universe is, I suppose, a kind of testament to his strange power. Maybe his staying power can be put down to the fact that he's so hard to pin down or fully understand: the fact that we can never know what he truly is means he can be anything we wish him to be. This is evidenced in Doop's weird speech, which allows us to interpret it as we wish.”
Advertisement
Abstraction invites personal interpretation, and the lack of concrete explanations for Doop's appearance, history, abilities, and language forces readers to create explanations using their own imaginations. The only aspect of Doop that is easy to understand is the “X” on his belly, a visual signifier that connects him to a ubiquitous superhero comic franchise. That X elevates Doop from a weird comic book character to a piece of pop art, taking a commercial product (the X-Men) and twisting it, forcing viewers to reconsider the original idea. The X on Doop's stomach is like his Campbell's soup logo, a piece of mass-produced advertising that means different things to different people. Just as Warhol's soup cans have nostalgic value for people who grew up eating Campbell's, Doop's X holds nostalgic value for X-Men comic readers, but instead of being attached to something familiar, it's attached to something unlike anything else in the X-Men universe.
Doop's X challenges established ideas about what it means to be a mutant, not just because of the character's appearance, but also because of how the world treats him. In the pages of Milligan and Allred's X-Force, a pop culture satire disguised as a superhero comic, mutants aren't feared and hated; they're celebrities loved by fans and trailed by paparazzi, and Doop is the most popular of them all. He's the team's mascot, and his face is all over X-Force merchandise, from T-shirts to stuffed animals. He's the Slimer to the rest of the team's Ghostbusters, the weird sidekick that satisfies the public's need for something strange but not threatening. Of course the team's fans would be obsessed with the character whose only discernible definition comes from that marking on his stomach, because that's all that really matters. And for the members of X-Force, the X on their costume is the most important part of their identity. To show how meaningless these heroes are, Milligan kills off most of the book's cast in his first issue.
Advertisement
The first Marvel comic to run without the Comics Code Authority's stamp of approval since 1971's The Amazing Spider-Man #98, the 2001 X-Force #116, featuring Doop's first appearance, is one of the most influential superhero comics of the 21st century. The Comics Code Authority was governed by an archaic set of rules created during a time of paranoia against comic books in the '50s, and putting out the hyper-violent, sexually suggestive X-Force #116 without the CCA's approval was the death knell for the Code at Marvel Comics, where it was abandoned in favor of an in-house rating system. This gave creators at Marvel more freedom than ever before, resulting in landmark runs like Brian Michael Bendis' Daredevil and Alias, Garth Ennis' Punisher, and Grant Morrison's New X-Men.
Creative freedom meant more than blood, gore, sex, and drugs for Milligan and Allred. It gave the creators the opportunity to distance themselves from the X-Men status quo and offer a wholly original look at mutant life, telling provocative stories and critiquing a celebrity-obsessed modern culture with a retro art aesthetic—a drastic departure from the Marvel house style at the start of the millennium. There was very little editorial interference during the development of X-Force, and letting the two creators follow their instincts made the title stand on its own in a sea of mutant-related titles. In an email to The A.V. Club detailing the process behind Doop's initial design, Allred writes:
“It was pure stream of consciousness. I was on the phone with [editor] Axel Alonso talking about characters for our X-Force revamp and doodled out most of the characters in the first issue in that single phone call… On the sheet appeared what we first described as a ‘floating potato' with ‘Doop' in his word balloon. Axel later told me a copy of the doodles was pinned up at Marvel and folks were running around spurting out, ‘Doop!' He was officially on the team soon after that and Peter Milligan established his powers and history.”
Advertisement
Reprinted in a few X-Force and X-Statix collections, Allred's first doodle sheet from that phone call is a fascinating look into the mind of one of the medium's modern visionaries, showcasing his willingness to create superhero designs that defy convention. Many of those initial drawings ended up making their way onto the page, but Doop is the strangest of all those initial sketches, and a sterling example that there's no way to guess what will strike a chord with readers. Sometimes the weirdest ideas are the ones that really take off, and if Marvel hadn't loosened the editorial reins and let Milligan and Allred think outside the box, it's unlikely that Doop would exist.
Doop is the only member of X-Statix that has stuck around since that series' conclusion, but that's because he was folded into larger X-Men continuity early in his existence. In X-Force #120, he was given a connection to Wolverine in a blatant attempt to boost sales by having a Wolverine guest appearance in the title, and the two characters later starred in a two-part Wolverine/Doop miniseries that delved into their relationship. After appearing in a few one-off short stories, Doop became a regular X-Men character when Wolverine opened his own mutant school, and Doop is currently an adjunct staff member at the Jean Grey School as its receptionist, substitute teacher, and cafeteria worker. Doop being retrofitted into the X-world made it easier to keep him around, and while comic fans often get annoyed when continuity is toyed with like that, Doop makes the case that continuity is best when it's flexible.
Advertisement
As a symbol of creative freedom and a piece of pop art that invites readers' individual interpretations to play a part in the character, Doop shows there is still plenty of untapped potential in superhero comics, but his exclusivity to the medium makes him the most important superhero creation of the new millennium. In an industry that has become increasingly focused on serving the interests of other media like film and television, Doop is a comic book character that is impossible to translate for the screen without losing his effect.
Doop's dynamic with the reader is only possible in comics, relying on the relationship between images and text in order to succeed. He speaks in a made-up language with a custom alphabet that is never translated on the page, meaning readers have to go online and find a Doop translator if they want to figure out what the character is saying. There's an element of constant interactivity between Doop and his audience; even if people don't want to go to the extra effort for a translation, they're still interacting with the character by using visual context clues to glean meaning from the alien text.
Advertisement
While it would be amazing to see Doop appear in the next X-Men movie, it's unlikely to happen, and even if it did, he wouldn't be the same character. While the pop art elements of his visual could potentially withstand the transition to the screen, there's no way to recreate his language so that it would have the exact same effect it does on the page. The character would need to be subtitled in Doopspeak so that the viewer has something to translate, which would alienate a good chunk of the audience, and if Doop is making a sound, there's already a restriction being placed on viewers' interpretations that isn't there in a comic.
In All-New Doop #1, Doop's relationship with the comic book medium is emphasized more heavily than ever, using his status as a “marginal” character to give him the ability to travel through the margins of panels and impact major events without being seen. (One of the perks of having a character with no defined power set is that he can do anything the story demands.) In the case of the miniseries' first issue, the major event is 2013's lackluster “Battle Of The Atom” X-Men crossover, and Milligan applies the critical eye he brought to X-Force and X-Statix to show that the nonsensical events of that narrative are just as ridiculous as the floating green potato thing he helped create 13 years ago.
Advertisement
All-New Doop #1 is a debut that exemplifies all the things that make Doop important, toying with continuity and playing with the medium to put a fresh spin on something readers thought they knew. Superhero comics have been telling variations on the same stories for decades, but Doop makes a strong argument for embracing the new, no matter how strange it may appear on the surface.
Story highlights In Ecuador, a province governor says investigators have no leads
August Reiger was last seen Sunday while on a family hike in the mountains
The family trip was a graduation present for the teen, who is fluent in Spanish
Father: "Everyone's baffled, because it's not a dangerous place"
August Reiger was supposed to reunite with his family at the top of a scenic mountain trail in Ecuador.
But when his father, mother and younger brother arrived Sunday at the meeting point overlooking the town of Baños, the 18-year-old was nowhere to be found.
Authorities in the South American country have been searching for the Oklahoma high school valedictorian for days.
Family members say it appears he vanished without a trace after they split up during a hike in the mountainous area 100 miles south of the capital, Quito.
"Nothing makes sense to me. ... Everyone's baffled, because it's not a dangerous place," his father, Chris Reiger, told CNN. "There's no rebels or something like that that who kidnap people. I can't come up with a scenario that could make sense."
JUST WATCHED Dad: Missing son wouldn't stray Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Dad: Missing son wouldn't stray 01:17
Teams of firefighters, police, army troops and village volunteers have combed the area, Chris Reiger said, rappelling over steep mountain slopes and using search dogs in their hunt.
"They're still searching in the mountain, but not with that kind of force. They're confident he's not up there stuck somewhere," Chris Reiger said. "I could see. I was up there. I knew what they were doing, and I don't know, they didn't find him."
Lira de la Paz Villalva, governor of Ecuador's Tungurahua province, said local authorities don't have any leads about what could have caused the teen's disappearance.
A new search operation is planned for Friday.
August, an avid Spanish speaker with a deep interest in indigenous cultures, had been looking forward to the Ecuador trip. The family had been scheduled to leave for a three-day tour in remote jungle areas on Monday.
But instead, they've been traveling to local villages with police, posting pictures of their son and asking for help finding him.
It's out of the question that August would have wandered off or could be trying not to be found, the teen's father says.
"I feel that he's particularly mature for his age. He's not the kind of kid that does crazy stuff," Chris Reiger said.
August had just graduated from the Classen School of Advanced Studies in Oklahoma City, said Shannon Schmoyer, Reiger's father's cousin. The 18-year-old had asked his parents for a trip to a Spanish-speaking country as a graduation present, she said.
According to CNN affiliate KOKH , about 150 volunteers have joined the search, with helicopters assisting the effort. Local authorities have been cooperative but don't have many leads, Schmoyer said.
In Washington, the U.S. State Department said its embassy in Quito was in touch with the Reiger family and "is monitoring the situation closely."
"Protecting the well-being of U.S. citizens is one of the department's highest priorities, and we take all such reports seriously," it said.
The family arrived in Ecuador on June 11, Schmoyer said. She described the missing teen as "caring, sensitive, family-oriented, soft-spoken, compassionate, social, inquisitive and wicked smart."
August plays piano and guitar, was a state science fair winner and had a full scholarship to the University of Oklahoma, she said.
In Oklahoma City, word of his disappearance has has shaken those who know the teen.
"I'm not sure what to do. I feel very helpless," neighbor Tim Smith said. "Everyone here who knows him, it's all over Facebook. We're all e-mailing each other, trying to keep each other apprised. I'm knocking on whatever doors I can think of to knock on."
Smith, who used to drive August to school in a carpool, said he's been reaching out to local lawmakers to draw attention to the case.
"We really need people to let the governor's office and congressmen know," he said. "We need somebody to really step up and try to push this through, so that it gets some more exposure."
August's father said he hopes publicity about the case will help authorities locate his son.
"He's not gone yet in my mind," he said. "They're going to find him."
“Who is the ‘pip' with pizzazz? Who is all ginger and jazz?” Anyone familiar with Broadway's 1964 ‘magnum opus' “Funny Girl” already knows the answer! Based on the life and early career of pioneering comedienne Fanny Brice, the show skyrocketed its then-unknown star–a young actress by the name of “Barbra Streisand”, into the stratosphere of show business success (eventually earning her an Oscar for the blockbuster film adaptation along the way.) Now “The Conundrum Theatre Company” is presenting this time-honored and much-loved musical as their inaugural, fully-staged offering at “The Colony Theatre” in Pasadena California. The production is also a joint partnership with “The Friends of the Rialto”—an organization helping to restore that historic 90-year old theatre located in the heart of Pasadena California. Having opened on what would have been Fanny Brice's 125th Birthday, ‘first-nighters” were even treated to a celebratory “Birthday Cake” to commemorate this momentous occasion.
“The Conundrum Theatre Company” has breathed an invigorating new life into this classic many ‘thought' they knew! Figuratively ‘set' within the backstage enclaves and rehearsal halls of Fanny's memory, we are taken to a simpler, bygone era as the young Miss Brice dreams of making a name for herself in “Show Biz”. Sure, she's talented and certainly eager enough, but as her mother's friend–the local ‘busy-body', “Mrs. Strakosh” reminds her: “For average, you're a pleasure; but when people pay good money in the theater—especially the ‘male element'—they want something to look at!” There are a significant amount of tears behind the significant laughs (–of which there are lots too,) as the story takes “Fanny” from a gangly nineteen-year-old chorus girl with a flair for comedy at “Keeney's Music Hall”, through to her rise as a “Superstar” of “The Ziegfeld Follies”. Yet all this merely serves as a backdrop for her romance and marriage to gambler “Nick Arnstein”. Told in ‘flashback”, Fanny makes her first entrance through the auditorium's center aisle, ascending the stage and into her “dressing room” anxiously awaiting her estranged husband's “return”. When asked if she's nervous about their reunion, Fanny replies “Nervous, happy, scared, excited—you name it, I am it!” “Too bad you got a show to do,” her assistant reminds her; “Thank GAWD I got a show to do!” she replies. True, it takes a lot of ‘try' to triumph, and sometimes you gotta start small, but by the time the curtain-calls roll around, you will be amused, enthused, and deeply moved.
Renowned Composer Jule Styne's music understandably ranks as among the very best and most noteworthy he's ever written for a Broadway show, which is equally matched by Bob Merrill's always smart and witty lyrics. Moreover, Isobel Lennart's libretto routinely uses feigning humor and broad theatrical gags as a veneer beneath which lies a pretty potent exploration of relationships—with all their hopes, hurts, and apprehensions—as played out against one woman's rise to stardom. The play is far more compact, free-flowing and three-dimensional than any cinematic ‘star turn' could be, and it's these elements that Director Bryan Snodgrass takes full advantage of, throwing in a few unique twists in his staging–many times where they're least expected (but are the most resonant.) Indeed, Snodgrass's insightful touch mines plenty of entertainment gold habitually left buried by previous productions in their pursuit to mimic popular perceptions of the cinematic translation. Instead, he allows many of the smaller moments to have their impact making for a completely new, completely ‘super-charged' show. Perhaps his most innovative achievement though, is how he never lets the show's presumed ‘slicker' elements to get in the way of its inherent charm, nor the luster of the individual performances (of which there are numerous!) In addition, Snodgrass makes use of the full auditorium at intervals, such as with Fanny's initial entrance or during her startling (–particularly for Ziegfeld,) ‘re-imagining' of the effusively romantic production number he sets her at the center of. The orchestra, under the steady direction of Ryan Luévano is cleverly situated on both sides of the stage, and slightly elevated leaving the stage area wide open for the performers to move about freely, and their efforts are also enhanced by Jay Lee's terrific sound-design, which shrewdly adds an ‘echo' to what's being sung or spoken at key instances to distinguish that they're being conveyed as part of Fanny's ‘inner'-thoughts. Likewise, Sasha Markgraf's costumes are themselves fairly spot-on and frequently dazzling!
Lighting the proceedings “up like light” until it “flickers and flares up” is Toni Fuller's vivacious choreography. She seamlessly integrates some high-strutting and fancy-stepping with kick-lines and tap-breaks, along with the kinds of moves that made Vaudeville so unforgettable. All are richly appropriate to the period (circa World War One up through the 1920's) This really is a Grade A ensemble piece as well—something many don't always give the show credit for. Fortunately, given the exceptional artistry by Fuller and her dancers, this is happily apparent throughout. “If A Girl Isn't Pretty” is a big group endeavor that mightily launches the first act while setting the stage for still more sensational things to come. “Coronet Man”—the number that allows Fanny to at last achieve “Break Out” status from the chorus at Keeney's (and brings her to the attention of Mr. Nick Arnstein) is a typical specialty number of the period (–and brother, can this bunch sell it!) “You were wonderful” Nick tells Fanny afterward upon their first meeting backstage (–and he's sooo right!) “Henry Street” is another rousing collective intermezzo as the entire block of “Henry Street Gypsies” pulls all the stops out to celebrate Fanny's opening night as a burgeoning “Ziegfeld Star”. Starting out as a jaunty jig, it quickly transforms into a lively waltz (–again validating Ms. Fuller's ingenuity.) Before they're done, it rates as a Bona-Fide Act One Crowd-Pleaser! Act Two gets started with “Sadie, Sadie, Married Lady”–Styne and Merrill's ode to marital and domestic bliss that once more evidences some snappy wordplay (“How that marriage license works on chamber-maids and hotel-clerks; the Honeymoon was such delight that we got married that same night!” Fanny exults.) Making the most of some outstanding choral work, Snodgrass and Fuller also utilize some inventive staging that has Fanny drifting back to her stage-side dressing table (where she begins and ends the story) while an identically dressed “dance double” briefly takes center-stage as our heroine in effect, “recalls” from outside the action, the magnificent day she officially became “Mrs. Arnstein”.
As “Fanny”, Jackie Brenneman brings a refreshingly original interpretation to this iconic role and gracefully makes it absolutely her own. Fanny's character arc revealing her growth as both a performer and a person are in sound hands with this lady, but just as significantly is how she's on-stage a good 98% of the time, but never fails to have us 100% in her corner, genuinely hoping Fanny's hopes and being just as dashed by her disappointments. She also has a laudable way with the tossed-off comic line (of which the script is abundantly packed) and a powerful ‘belt' voice, along with a thoroughly appealing ability to enliven Merrill's lyrics whether they be light-hearted or heart-breaking. This is verified right off the bat with a winning rendition of “I'm The Greatest Star”, then later with the highly anticipated “People”—arguably the score's most recognizable selection, and yes, it is very much worth waiting for! This same energy and expressiveness is put into the first act closer, “Don't Rain On My Parade” (–and YOWZA! What a way to close the act!) After intermission, she continues to impress and amaze with “Who Are You Now?”–a rare and truly beautiful example of Broadway Musical song-craft in this or any other show. Shortly following “The Music That Makes Me Dance” unfolds as a ‘live' radio broadcast as Fanny takes her first steps into this ‘new' medium even as her world is falling apart. The outcome is breath-taking in its poignancy and is Brenneman's crowning glory of the evening. “Hey Gorgeous–here we go again!” she proclaims in the end, determined that whatever is happening behind the scenes, she certainly isn't going to let it show once that spot-light hits. Right alongside her is Michael Cortez as “Nick Arnstein”—described at one point as “A Gambler, A Promoter and a Charmer”. “I discovered her before you did, Flo” he tells Ziegfeld after Fanny's unexpected, but illustrious debut; “I had the hunch you two belonged together.” “I have the same hunch” the showman sardonically replies (–and its aging me fast!”) Cortez himself scores with “I Want To Be With You Tonight”–a buoyant and full-bodied chanson that gives us a top-notch taste of his substantial voice and sturdy delivery (and is still another ‘plus' the score boasts.) In Act Two, he even gets a quick reprise of “Don't Rain On My Parade”–this time sung from Arnstein's point-of-view. As a team, Brenneman and Cortez do an excellent job with another of the show's many stand-outs, “You Are Woman, I Am Man” both providing it with a memorable intensity and surprise vulnerability. (Bathed in red-light which is also used to indicate her inner-thoughts, Fanny croons, “Though most girls slip-up in ordinary ways–I got style: I do it ‘Bordelaise!”)
Steven Duncan Sass is also likeable and identifiable as “Eddie Ryan”—the man who helps ‘discover' Fanny and who often serves as the voice of reason or conscience. We all know a guy like “Eddie”—everyone's pal and confidant. Sass is also a dynamite dancer which he proves early on in “Eddie's Fifth Encore”–an incredible tap-solo, wherein he displays some unbelievable stamina and dexterity culminating in an eye-popping split! He also shines leading “Rat-A-Tat-Tat”–one more first-rate ‘satirical' tune burlesquing life as a “Doughboy” in “The Great War”which incorporates some skillful “Military Time-steps” and “Rifle-drills” (–just try to keep your toes from tapping along to this one!)
Meanwhile, Alison Korman is a wonderful whirlwind of comic energy as Fanny's ever patient saloon-keeper mother, “Mrs. Rose Brice”. Here in this theatrical version, Mrs. Brice is given many more opportunities to demonstrate her own vocal talents, and rest assured Ms. Korman never displeases. Bestowing her as a genial Yiddish mama, she too has her share of funny business. Together with Mr. Sass, their duet “Who Taught Her Everything She Knows” is an awesome melodic ‘strut' (complete with pulsating lights) that showcases two seriously ‘big league' voices blending together (“If they could've paid the price—they'd have hired Rosie Brice!” Korman sings.) Their “Find Yourself A Man” (–a trio with “Mrs. Strakosh”) is another bravura exhibition as well. Although normally played by John Scott, on opening night the role of “Florenz Ziegfeld” was performed by Stamford Hill, who brought a nice, no-nonsense, but paternalistic quality to the legendary impresario, allowing hints of a softer side here and there to come though commendably. Praise-worthy mention should also go out to Mrs. Brice's trio of friends and ‘poker-buddies': Meggan Taylor as “Mrs. Strakosh”, Anne Wendell as “Mrs. Meeker” and Tina Oakland Scott as “Mrs. O'Malley”—a congenial bunch of old ‘yentas' from the neighborhood (regardless of their individual ethnic backgrounds) they each interject a nice jolt of levity into the proceedings. Nick Mestakides is also right-on-the-money–not just vocally—but with the whole ‘emotive' style and ‘unctuous' “keep smiling at all costs” persona as the “Show Tenor” of “The Ziegfeld Follies”(–and Fanny's ‘Groom” during their extravaganza-turned-debacle, “His Love Makes Me Beautiful”.) Statuesque Kathleen Maccutheon similarly earns her share of laughs and applause for her brief bit as the showgirl “Mimsy”—giving us a sassy, cut-rate Mae West (–and oh, what a headdress!)
“When you're gifted, then you're gifted” (these are the facts–I got no axe to grind!) Full of glitz, glamour, comedy, dance and romance–not to mention a plethora of brilliant songs worthy of a Ziegfeld Star, “Enjoyable” comes quickly to mind regarding “The Conundrum Theatre Company's” “Funny Girl”! “The Colony Theatre” is located at 555 North 3rd Street, in Burbank, California, and “Funny Girl” has taken up residence there for an extended run that began on Saturday October 29th, through Sunday, November 20th, 2016. Show-times are Friday evenings at 8:00 PM, Saturdays at 3:00 PM and 8:00 PM, and Sundays at 3:00 PM. Tickets are available online at : ConundrumTheatreCo.com or by calling (866) 811-4111. (For groups of ten or more, e-mail: funnygirl@conundrumtheatreco.com )
Production Stills By Susy Shearer Photography, Courtesy Of Emily Mae Heller And “The Conundrum Theatre Company”; Special Thanks To Emily Mae Heller, Ryan Luévano, Bryan Snodgrass, Toni Fuller And To Cast And Crew Of “The Conundrum Theatre Company's” 2016 Production Of “Funny Girl” For Making This Story Possible.
Fire immediately or wait till you find a replacement?
Karthik Suroju Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 25, 2017
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,
And sorry I could not travel both
Here's a situation: You've decided to fire an employee. Now you've two choices -
Fire immediately and then look for a replacement. Find a replacement before you fire.
What will you choose?
It's tricky. I asked my counterparts who are leading a team (in my organization and outside) on how they'd react to this situation. To my surprise, most of them said they'd try to find a replacement before firing. They said it's ‘safe.' Two main reasons why they don't want to go with option-1:
It'll add additional burden on other team members A deadline might get pushed
On the surface, it does sound reasonable to many. But, I feel it's more ‘defensive' than ‘safe.' Let me explain.
Hiring is tough. Firing is tougher
No good organization ever said that they hire average people. From an early stage startup to the biggest players in the industry, everyone hires the bright and brilliant.
Not every hire will go on to become a great employee.
If you were ever involved in the hiring process, you'd know how difficult is it to find the right candidate. Hiring is tough. You probably pat yourself on the back after finding the ideal candidate. Imagine, from this to having to decide on firing the same person. See, firing is tougher.
Not every hire will go on to become a great employee. It might be a cultural mismatch, or the employee's inability to perform well despite several opportunities. You have your reasons.
After what is seemingly a tough decision, comes the tricky part — whether to fire immediately or wait till you find a replacement.
I'd always, always go with option-1: fire immediately and then hire a replacement. There's a flaw with the ‘safe' approach:
If the employee's performance is the issue, it's bad for your product. The deadlines will be pushed regardless.
Carrying an under-performer means more time spent on reviewing and fixing their mistakes. Your team is already bearing the extra burden. They just don't realize it.
If the reason for firing someone is a cultural mismatch or bad conduct, you'd want to stop it from spreading immediately.
Trying to hire a replacement before firing has its disadvantages too.
Your hiring will get affected. You'll be in a rush to hire a replacement, and that won't help.
Imagine how your team members will react if you suddenly publish a job opening for a team that seemed to be content with the resources. What will you tell your team members?
Your team members will not get it right away. They might complain about the ‘one less resource.' That's fine. You'll learn to deal with it. Just believe in your decision, there is no point in delaying the inevitable.
Yes, it won't be a popular choice. But, it's the right one.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I —
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.
EVGA's Battlefield Bad Company 2 September Skirmish!
Starting September 16th, EVGA will host a Battlefield Bad Company 2 event until the end of the month! Play on any of our Battlefield Bad Company 2 servers at any time during this period and you are eligible to win. Signup is free and easy for any who wishes to participate. Official gaming will begin on September 16th at 4PM PST and continue until September 30th . Anyone who signs up and plays any length of time during those two weeks will be eligible to win a prize.
This is not a competition or tournament, just a chance for any gamer to come out, pwn and hopefully win some great gaming gear!
To qualify for this event, you just need to sign up here with your ingame Battlefield Bad Company 2 username. Just sign up, login and start gaming starting September 16th 4PM PST, it's that easy! We hope you have fun and continue to make our gaming community as great as it has always been. Please visit the official EVGA Gaming site right before the event starts to see the full list of servers!
Prize - Winner Username (Soldier Name)
1 x EVGA P55 FTW Motherboard - $200 - KG_Crimson (KG_Crimson)
1 x EVGA GTX 460 Graphics Card - $180 - pbf888zebra1 (Zebra1)
1 x Thermaltake Armor A90 Case + 850W PSU - $320 - sarinbain (Sarinbain)
1 x Kingston 1600MHz DDR3 Memory - $ 105 - Godkiller (MrFantastic)
1 x Cooler Master 800W PSU - $90 - antrax1977 (Antrax1977)
1 x Cooler Master Storm Mouse - $70 - kilthas (kilthas)
1 x Cooler Master V8 CPU cooler - $65 - CurryHotPot (CurryGrandma)
1 x Thermaltake BlacX Duet USB HDD dock - $50 - SilentDeath (RiceLong)
1 x Thermaltake BlacX Duet USB HDD dock - $50 - pr0d1gy9 (pr0d1gy9)
1 x Thermaltake BlacX Duet USB HDD dock - $50 - B0BB0 (o0_bobbo_0o)
1 x Thermaltake BlacX Duet USB HDD dock - $50 - BioHazardSperm (BioHazardSperm)
Winners must email webmaster@evga.com by 10/20/10 to claim their prize.
Servers Sponsored By:
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. — As far right-wing and so-called Christian “family values” groups continue to insist that same-sex marriage is a force that is destroying the sanctity of marriage, one Minnesota resident “apologized” on behalf of the state's LGBTQ community for causing anti-gay GOP state senator Amy Koch to have an extramarital affair.
In a open letter to Koch — published in the local alternative newspaper, City Pages — Minneapolis resident John Medeiros has rendered an apology to Koch “on behalf of all gays and lesbians living in Minnesota … for our community's successful efforts to threaten your traditional marriage.”
Koch resigned her leadership post in the state Senate last week amid allegations of an “inappropriate relationship” with a state Senate staffer.
Koch, who is is married with one child, has been one of the leading proponents of Minnesota's 2012 ballot initiative aimed at amending the state constitution to ban same-sex marriage.
“We are ashamed of ourselves for causing you to have what the media refers to as an ‘illicit affair' with your staffer,” Medeiros wrote.
The letter comes a day after Koch issued her own apology released yesterday, in which she expressed her “deep regret” for “engaging in a relationship with a Senate staffer.”
Following is the complete text of Medeiros' letter to Koch:
Gimme more Britney!
Spears tantalized at the Billboard Music Awards, performing a medley of her greatest hits – and hearkening back to the days of a girl named Lucky.
The star kicked off her performance with “Work, Bitch” and went right into her hit “Womanizer” after ripping off her jacket to reveal a skimpy, sparkling outfit.
Wiz Khalifa was seen standing up for her rendition of “I Love Rock N Roll” and Zendaya sang and danced along in the audience to “Toxic,” which was the final song in Spears' performance (which also included her other hit songs “Breathe on Me” and “I'm a Slave for You.)”
via GIPHY
Britney Spears Kevin Winter/Getty
The 34-year-old was awarded Billboard‘s Millennium Award, a trophy previously given to the likes of Beyoncé and Whitney Houston.
Meant to honor longtime influence in the music industry, the Millennium award also commemorates Spears' six previous wins at the ceremony.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
Britney Spears Steve Granitz/WireImage
Ahead of the performance, Spears shared rehearsal photos on Instagram, posing amid a large group of male and female dancers.
WATCH: Check Out 3 Times Britney Spears Slayed at The Billboard Music Awards
Last year, Spears performed song “Pretty Girls” with Iggy Azalea in Las Vegas at the awards, taking the stage in a latex and mesh black bodysuit.
Xi Jinping tells UN gathering China will set up $2bn aid fund and aim to lift it to $12bn by 2030 as world leaders seek trillions of dollars to help the poorest countries
China pledges $2bn for development goals and says it will write off debts
China's president has pledged billions in aid and said Beijing will forgive debts due this year in an effort to help the world's poorest nations, as world leaders begin to seek the trillions of dollars needed to help achieve sweeping new development goals.
President Xi Jinping spoke at a global summit on Friday that launched the non-binding goals for the next 15 years, before making the pledge on Saturday.
Xi and others spoke as the UN gathering began to shift focus from development to the high-powered general assembly meeting that begins on Monday with speeches by Xi, US president Barack Obama, Russian president Vladimir Putin and Iranian president Hassan Rouhani on the first morning alone.
7 reasons the SDGs will be better than the MDGs Read more
Obama and Putin will meet Monday. The prospects for any meeting between Obama and Rouhani, even a handshake, remained unclear.
Rouhani arrived Saturday and immediately was encouraged by the UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, to have Iran step up to help achieve political settlements to the grinding conflicts in Syria and Yemen, where Iran has influence. The Islamic republic is a top ally of the Syrian government Bashar al-Assad and supports Shia Houthi rebels who have held parts of Yemen for months.
Iran's president said in his address that the recent deal with world powers on its nuclear program “has created suitable conditions for regional and international cooperation,” including on protecting the environment.
As world leaders met quietly behind the scenes, others lined up to express support for the new development push that aimed to eliminate both poverty and hunger over the next 15 years. They replace a soon-to-expire set of development goals whose limited success was largely due to China's surge out of poverty over the past decade and a half.
China's president vowed to help other countries make the same transformation. Xi said China would commit an initial $2bn to establish an assistance fund to meet the post-2015 goals in areas such as education, healthcare and economic development. He said China would seek to increase the fund to $12bn by 2030.
And Xi said China would write off intergovernmental interest-free loans owed to China by the least-developed, small island nations and most heavily debt-burdened countries due this year.
He said China “will continue to increase investment in the least developed countries,” and support global institutions, including the Beijing-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank that is due to launch by the end of the year and is seen as a Chinese alternative to the more western-oriented financial institutions of the World Bank.
Ban made a major pitch to the private sector Saturday for its help in financing the development goals. “In a sense, September 26th is even more important than September 25th,” he told dozens of global business leaders from companies including Google, Unilever, Siemens and Sinopec. “Today, we begin the hard work of turning plans into reality.”
As world leaders made promises about the future, a key Jordanian leader said they needed to pay attention to the refugee crisis spiralling out of control in the Middle East.
Jordanian minister Imad Najib Fakhoury made an impassioned plea at the UN summit for the world's countries to take in more Syrian refugees to help his country which has been overwhelmed by those fleeing the conflict there.
Sustainable development goals promise little respite for indebted poor countries | Tim Jones Read more
In his address, Fakhoury said Jordan's efforts were akin to the US having to absorb 64 million more people, or the European Union 100 million, or Japan 25 million, or China 280 million.
The prime minister of Lebanon, Tammam Salam, made a similar plea, telling the UN the Syrian refugee crisis was costing his tiny country one-third of its gross domestic product and strangling development.
Salam said the Syrian civil war and fleeing refugees “is one of the greatest development challenges” facing Lebanon. The Mediterranean country has become home to more than 1.2 million Syrian refugees — about a third of Lebanon's native population.
Uber Australia has sacked a driver who was caught on tape calling a lesbian couple "faggots" and threatening to drag them from his vehicle.
Lucy Thomas and her partner. Photo: Supplied
Lucy Thomas and her partner booked an Uber in the Melbourne suburb of Collingwood after dinner with friends on Saturday night when the incident occurred. Thomas told BuzzFeed News the conversation in the car started out innocent enough until the discussion turned to AFL football. Thomas said the driver began calling the players "faggots", before denigrating other people, using words like "abo", "spastic" and "retard".
After being threatened by our @uber driver, my girlfriend and I stood up to him and recorded it. LISTEN: https://t.co/5IIdpBLSHJ #homophobia
Thomas, who runs Project Rockit, a youth-driven anti-bullying movement, said she has learned in her job how important it is to speak up in situations like this. "One of our core messages is about challenging that daily language that's so problematic," she said. "So when I'm in one of those situations, there's no way I could not stand up and say something." After speaking up, Thomas said the driver turned extremely aggressive towards her partner. "It's like a cloud came over him. He'd been aggressive but cheery, but then he was quite attacking toward [Thomas' partner]. He was calling her a faggot repeatedly, and was quite aggressive in his tone." It was only at this point that the driver realised the two women in the back of his car were in a relationship, Thomas said.
Adam Berry / Getty Images
"He said to me, 'you must be a faggot otherwise you wouldn't care'. Then he realised we were together, which he hadn't realised because maybe we didn't look the way two women in a relationship are expected to look," Thomas said. By this time the Uber had pulled up outside Thomas's home. But with the doors locked, Thomas said she felt extremely threatened, so she pulled out her phone to let the driver know she was recording the conversation. “I can do anything I want if I'm prepared to suffer the consequences," the driver, who Thomas described as a male in his early 60s, can be heard saying. “What are you going to do, give me a one [star] rating? And when I write my report about two people who don't like being called faggots, then what are they gonna say?”
The driver then unlocked the doors and told the women to get out. When they asked why, the driver threatened to drag them out. Thomas claims the driver sat and watched as they entered their apartment before slowly driving away. The shaken couple made it into their apartment and called Uber, who responded "immediately".
Lucy Thomas and her partner. Photo: Supplied
Thomas praised Uber for responding quickly to the incident, but has questioned the company's policy of not providing driver information after an incident like this.
"Their policy is really messed up and problematic. It's centred on privacy - both the driver's and mine - but that's imbalanced, because the driver already has my address," she said.
Thomas said she felt nervous leaving her apartment the next day, in case the driver was nearby. In a statement, Uber told BuzzFeed News the driver had been sacked. “Uber does not tolerate any form of discrimination, and we have been in contact with this rider to offer our support. As soon as we were made aware of this incident, we removed the driver from the platform," a company spokesman said.
The spokesman said drivers do not have access to client information once a trip has been completed and that Uber will work with Victorian Police to assist them in any investigation.
THEY SACKED HIM 🙌🏽🌈✨ thanks @UberAus
Follow Nelson
Green Vehicles Triac 2.0
Consider today's collapse of electric car company Green Vehicles an object lesson in why it's a bad idea for cities to invest in the risky business of start-up car companies--perhaps especially start-up electric car companies. The city of Salinas, California learned that lesson today as Green Vehicles shut its doors, costing the city more than $500,000.
Starting any company is a risky proposal--most don't make it past their first few years. Starting an electric car company can be even riskier, as governmental regulation of the car industry sets an expensive barrier to entry, and the nascent technologies in electric car development are costly and can shift direction quickly.
Green Vehicles was working on a three-wheeled electric car called the Triac 2.0, intended as a freeway-capable commuter car with a range of 100 miles and a top speed of 80 mph. It used a 30kW permanent-magnet electric motor, and a lithium-ion battery pack. It was targeting retail prices near $25,000. Another vehicle, called the MOOSE, was a utility van-type vehicle built as a neighborhood electric vehicle (NEV).
Though the company's web page is still operational, there is no notice about the company's current situation. According to local ABC news affiliate KSBW, Green Vehicles president and co-founder Mike Ryan has said all of the company's funding is gone. He reportedly notified city officials that the company was finished via email.
Green Vehicles had promised it would create 70 new jobs and tax revenue of $700,000 per year.
[KSBW, Wikia, Green Vehicles]
CHICAGO -- Spokespeople for Michael Jordan and supermarket chain Jewel-Osco have reached an agreement in a years-long lawsuit that alleged misuse of the basketball star's name in advertising, according to spokespeople for both sides.
The case involved Jewel-Osco's use of Jordan's name in a 2009 Sports Illustrated ad that congratulated the six-time NBA champion on his induction into the Basketball Hall of Fame. The ad included a large Jewel-Osco logo under the text. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
In August, a jury awarded Jordan $8.9 million from the now-defunct Dominick's for using his name in a similar ad.
Jewel and Jordan were set to go to trial in December, but a judge said they might be interested in a quick resolution, given the Dominick's judgment. Attorneys disclosed settlement talks in October.
Jordan spokeswoman Estee Portnoy said the deal was reached last week. Portnoy said the former Chicago Bulls star will donate the net sum of the settlement to charity and details will be announced by the end of the year.
"The terms of the agreement are confidential, but we are pleased to have reached a resolution of these matters," said Brian Dowling, a spokesman for Albertsons, the parent company of Jewel-Osco.
Dominick's operated under supermarket chain Safeway, which also later merged with Albertsons. It wasn't immediately clear if the settlement would affect the Dominick's case.
Jordan filed the lawsuits in 2010 in Chicago. He told jurors he has final say on anything that involves his likeness and name, and he will protect that.
The Dominick's trial was held in Chicago, where Jordan won six NBA titles with the Bulls. Some legal observers said the Dominick's ad was more egregious because it included a coupon, which suggested the ad's purpose was at least part commercial. Dominick's had asked that the verdict be overturned.
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA - NOVEMBER 30: Christian Petracca of the Demons runs sprints during the Melbourne Demons training session at Gosch's Paddock, Melbourne on November 30, 2015. (Photo: Adam Trafford/AFL Media)
MELBOURNE has announced its guernsey numbers for 2016, with midfielder Clayton Oliver, its first pick in the 2015 NAB AFL Draft, given No.13.
The club confirmed all numbers, following last week's NAB AFL Rookie Draft.
Tall forward Sam Weideman and key position player Liam Hulett have been given No.26 and No.27 respectively, and ruckman Mitch King has claimed No.34.
Rookie Josh Wagner will wear No.42 and the redrafted Viv Michie returns to No.22.
Oliver has claimed the number made famous at Melbourne by Adem Yze, who wore No.13 in most of his 271 matches – except his debut season. Yze sits behind only David Neitz (306 games) and Robert Flower (272) for the most games played at Melbourne.
The No.13 guernsey was also worn by cult figure, the mercurial Allen Jakovich, and most recently Jordie McKenzie, who played 79 matches for the club.
Weideman, the son of former Magpie Mark and grandson of two-time Collingwood premiership player Murray, will wear No.26. This was given to Christian Petracca for 2014, but due to injury, he didn't play a game in it. Petracca has now moved to No.5.
Interestingly, three-time premiership player Ian Thorogood wore No.26, except in the 1958 Grand Final, when he wore No.20. That was the year Murray Weideman played in a premiership for Collingwood against Melbourne, helping deny the red and blue to a fourth consecutive flag. For the record, Melbourne won five flags from six seasons from 1955-60.
Greg Parke, a fine goalkicking key forward from 1968-73, also wore No.26 for Melbourne.
Hulett has inherited the ‘defender' No.27 jumper, which was worn 150 times each by Sean Wight and Jared Rivers. Anthony Ingerson also played 127 games for the club in the jumper.
King will wear No.34 – the jumper worn 236 times at by another former Melbourne ruckman Jeff White.
And Wagner has gained No.42, after big man Jake Spencer opted for No.33 in 2016, following 36 games in No.42 from 2009-15.
Two numbers – No.38 and No.40 – are vacant next year, from No.1 (Jesse Hogan) to No.47 (Max King).
As previously announced, former Bomber Jake Melksham will wear No.18 in 2016, after the highly-respected Daniel Cross wore it in 2014-15. Cross, who retired at the end of last season, is now the club's development and rehab coach.
Ex-Giant Tomas Bugg has claimed the No.32 jumper, which was vacant in 2015.
Two of Melbourne's best players from the 2000s – Brad Green and Cameron Bruce – wore No.18 and No.32 respectively. Green (254 matches) and Bruce, who played 224 for the red and blue, have played the most games for Melbourne in those numbers.
Ben Kennedy, who crossed from Collingwood during the trade period, has taken No.35, which was not filled this year.
Dual Melbourne premiership captain Noel McMahen wore No.35 in his outstanding career. Melbourne Cricket Club chairman Steven Smith and 1981 best and fairest winner also wore No.35 for most of his career, before finishing in No.1.
Rookie Joel Smith has inherited No.44, which Rohan Bail wore for 70 of his 71 matches with the Demons from 2010-15. Bail holds the record for the most Melbourne matches in No.44. He also wore No.41 in his first game and only match in 2009.
Petracca has taken over No.5 from Jimmy Toumpas, who has switched to Port Adelaide. The No.5 jumper has been worn by distinguished club names such as Keith ‘Bluey' Truscott, Fred Fanning and David Schwarz.
Petracca, who is an avid NBA follower, requested No.5, so he could be close in initials and number to one of his NBA heroes Chris Paul (aka CP3), who plays for the Los Angeles Clippers. Will Petracca now be known as CP5?
2016 Melbourne numbers
1 – Jesse Hogan
2 – Nathan Jones
3 – Christian Salem
4 – Jack Watts
5 – Christian Petracca (has switched jumper numbers from No.26 to No.5)
6 – Chris Dawes
7 – Jack Viney
8 – Heritier Lumumba
9 – Jack Trengove
10 – Angus Brayshaw
11 – Max Gawn
12 – Dom Tyson
13 – Clayton Oliver (new player)
14 – Lynden Dunn
15 – Billy Stretch
16 – Dean Kent
17 – Sam Frost
18 – Jake Melksham (new player)
19 – Ben Newton
20 – Colin Garland
21 – Cameron Pedersen
22 – Viv Michie (regains No.22 after being redrafted)
23 – Bernie Vince
24 – Jay Kennedy-Harris
25 – Tom McDonald
26 – Sam Weideman (new player)
27 – Liam Hulett (new player)
28 – Oscar McDonald
29 – Jayden Hunt
30 – Alex Neal-Bullen
31 – Jack Grimes
32 – Tomas Bugg (new player)
33 – Jake Spencer (has switched jumper numbers from No.42 to No.33)
34 – Mitch King (new player)
35 – Ben Kennedy (new player)
36 – Jeff Garlett
37 – Aaron Vandenberg
38 –
39 – Neville Jetta
40 –
41 – Mitchell White
42 – Josh Wagner (new player)
43 – James Harmes
44 – Joel Smith (new player)
45 – Matt Jones
46 – Dean Terlich
47 – Max King
In a bizarre new video reportedly released by ISIS late Tuesday that resembles a Hollywood movie trailer, the Sunni militant group appears to threaten to kill American troops in Iraq. The short clip, apparently a preview of a longer video called "Flames of War," ends with the message, "fighting has just begun" and that more is "coming soon."
The video was released hours after Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee that ground troops might be necessary in the military campaign against ISIS in Iraq. In the clip, audio of Obama saying, "American combat troops will not be returning to fight in Iraq," can be heard. The video also comes after a televised address from Obama last week, where he vowed to "degrade and ultimately destroy" ISIS.
The House is set to vote today to allow the U.S. to train and arm Syrian rebels in the country, where ISIS has taken sanctuary. "If we want to open a front against (Islamic State forces) in Syria, we have to open a front. And I don't see any other way to do it than try to build an alternative force," Rep. Adam Smith of Washington, lead Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, told the Associated Press. "No one's excited about it but, you know, it's the best from a series of bad options."
“There's something about the sound of a train that's very romantic and nostalgic and hopeful.” – Paul Simon
I have always loved riding the rails. It's simply the most elegant and relaxing way to get around and it makes the journey itself as important as just getting from point A to point B. Trains are also extremely environmentally efficient because they can transport large numbers of people or huge shipments of cargo with a single engine, thereby using a fraction of the energy used by any other means. This rare mix of being both a super green technology and an inspirational experience makes train travel a standout component when it comes to designing a sustainable model for human life on earth.
In fact, for those of us concerned about carbon emissions and fossil fuel consumption, especially now that the Grinch just backed out of the nearly globally accepted Paris Agreement, working toward rail networks at the local level is probably the strongest environmental move we can make. The truth is that trains could take out the petroleum industry single-handedly with or without the Paris Agreement, and they are already leaving the station en masse to do so.
Germany for example just unveiled a zero-emission hydrogen powered train that emits only steam and is already slated for 14 lines. These trains are set to replace the diesel run trains that the country currently uses and other European nations like Denmark, Norway and the Netherlands are already placing their orders for this super lean and clean beauty.
Over in the Persian Gulf, Elon Musk's 500mph Hyperloop train that transforms a two-hour drive between Dubai and Abu Dhabi into a mere 12-minute jaunt is being tested as this article goes to print. While that is scary fast, this single train could make the estimated 4,000 single vehicles that travel that route daily nearly obsolete.
On the epic tip, China just launched direct freight train service from the city of Yiwa all the way to London, a journey of more than 7,000 miles that crosses nine countries. This just a part of the “New Silk Road” train network that is putting rails on ancient trade routes that have existed for thousands of years.
Even right here in the belly of the beast, California just sold more than $1 billion in taxable bonds to start construction on the first publicly financed high-speed rail system in the United States. The magic here is that the Golden State went ahead and found a way to make this light rail, which will connect the San Francisco Bay Area with Los Angeles and drastically cut down highway traffic and car pollution, happened despite the fact that President Grinch tried to block it by killing federal grants for it just months after he smirked his way into the oval office.
While some might criticize government-funded rail systems as “welfare,” that simply ignores both history and reality. First of all, not only is the entire fossil fuel industry subsidized to the tune of more than $35 billion annually in the U.S. but the upkeep of highways and the mitigation of pollution by cars and freight bearing trucks is almost too high to calculate—yet it is all borne by the public.
Secondly, the entire automotive infrastructure was created by public funds and corrupt corporations in the first place. Trains had to be purposefully suppressed for cars to take over.
Photo courtsey of Orange County Archives/Flickr CC BY 2.0
In fact, the United States had the largest rail network in the world up until after World War II and it only really went into a tailspin when President Dwight D. Eisenhower funded the Interstate Highway System in 1956. At the same time, General Motors purchased the electric streetcar lines in dozens of cities across America, tearing up the tracks to make way for more cars in an act that brought them a federal antitrust conviction and the blame for completely changing the destiny of mega-metropolises like Los Angeles, which at the time had the largest trolley system in the world. It was in the decades that followed this that La-La land became the poster child for endless sprawl, nightmarish commutes and ubiquitous smog.
Since trains, as well as public subway and trolley systems, use centralized stations, they naturally create hubs that high-density neighborhoods and commercial businesses flourish around, encouraging an inward movement instead of an outward one when it comes to urban growth. Bringing back rail travel as a primary means of transportation instantly reverses sprawl, which is driven by the automobile itself. When a train is used for transportation, it makes sense to live and work as close to a station as possible.
As proof of this, consider that on both coasts the cities that rely the most on urban rail systems, New York and San Francisco, have the lowest car ownership rates—in fact, more than half of NYC households are car-free. Why? Because trains make cars completely unnecessary.
It is also not by chance that these two cities have the highest rents in the country, as that kind of pedestrian-friendly urban lifestyle is in fact in high demand but in short supply. This shows that the free market itself will be the end of the fossil fuel industry if we can simply get control back in the hands of the people and lay down the tracks to a rail driven future.
And that's exactly what's happening. Cities across the United States, from Denver, restoring their historic Union Station as the center of their new $8 billion FastTracks rail system to Atlanta, integrating new streetcars with neighborhood redevelopment in their massive BeltLine initiative, are quickly taking control at the local level.
The great train comeback is simply just too strong to ignore and the only interest that stands to lose out is Big Oil, which the Grinch is heavily invested in. These rail projects can put a nail in the coffin of the fossil fuel industry, transform our communities and disempower the corporate kingpins in ways that even the Paris Agreement could not do.
While all of this might look like a well-packed pipe dream to some, keep in mind that the investing world gasped in surprise back in 2010 when stock market guru Warren Buffet made an “all-in” $26 billion dollar purchase of the Burlington Northern Sante Fe railroad line, which operates more than 30,000 miles of rail across the Western two-thirds of the U.S. What the Oracle of Omaha said at the time was that he was making a bet on “the future of the United States.”
That future is coming at us faster than a high-speed bullet train bound for a post fossil fuel sustainable world. In fact, I can already hear the tracks humming.
Main and Lead Photo by alantankenghoe/Flickr CC BY 2.0
Ocean Malandra writes the EarthRx environmental column for Paste Magazine and considers “The Little Engine That Could” the height of inspirational literature.
Paul Revere is a Revolutionary War hero. The actual date of his birth is not known but is believed to be around Jan 1, 1735. Paul Revere was born to Apollos Rivoire and Debrah Hitchborn, and was one of 12 children! Paul was born on the North End of Boston and went to the North Writing Grammer School. There he learned reading, writing and basic education. At 12, Paul left school and his father taught him how to be a silversmith. This would later become Paul Revere's main career.
At 23 Paul married his first wife Sarah Orne. They had 8 children. Sarah died after the birth of her 8th child. Shortly after Sarah died, Paul Revere married Rachel Walker and had 8 more children. All together Paul was the father of 16 children! Paul Revere lived his life in Boston, Massachusetts.
Paul Revere did many things to help the patriot cause. As a boy Paul helped the early cause by sending messages to hiding patriots, and delivering messages to leaders of the revolution. Later on, Paul was a key planner and leader in the Boston Tea Party. He would also patrol the streets to watch the movements of the British troops and Tories. In December 1774, he also helped command the colonists' attack and capture of Fort William and Mary.
Paul Revere's most memorable and heroic act was that of his famous "Midnight Ride," which occurred on April 18-19, 1775. Paul Revere and William Dawes were chosen to ride inland from Charlestown to warn the militias at Lexington and Concord that the British troops were coming from Boston. Revere, and Dawes were joined by Samuel Prescott. Even though Revere was told to be quiet he chose to alarm the houses along his route by shouting "The British Are Coming." He reached Lexington by midnight and told Samuel Adams and John Hancock about the advancing British troops. Revere, Prescott, and Dawes were captured by the British at a roadblock near Concord. Prescott was able to warn the militia at Concord. Revere was held longer and had his horse taken.
Revere then walked back to Lexington and arrived in time to see the first shot fired the next day. Paul Revere's warning allowed the militia to fight the British troops. Paul Revere impacted my life as he has the lives of all Americans. He fought British rule and worked hard to secure the freedoms we all know and cherish as American citizens. Paul Revere was a great patriot and all Americans should be thankful for his devotion and sacrifice.
Learn to know “How To Detox From Weed?” – To give you the ideas of how these solutions work:
Marijuana (also known as weed, grass, hash, pot, etc.) has been found to be in the third position after alcohol and tobacco in the United States of America. Weed contains a supplement THC (Tetrahydrocannabinol) which dissolves in body fats. It accumulates in most area having fatty tissues such as the lungs, liver and other organs.
It is advisable to consult your healthcare before you commence the cleansing exercise to eliminate THC from the body. How to detox from weed can be very easy for those who have not been using it for long.
Read More: How To Quit Weed Without Withdrawals Or Sleepless Nights
Natural Marijuana Detox At Home
Effects Experienced From Quitting Weed
Getting away from weed is not an easy task. You may experience some mental, emotional and physical changes in your body. The extents to which withdrawal can affect you are not measurable and differ from one person to another.
Most people experience minor discomfort which is not a problem dealing with. Getting rid of THC chemical from the body may take a bit long as compared to alcohol and tobacco. This is because of its nature and strength to dissolve in the fats.
What is Marijuana Detox/Withdrawal Like? Published on Sep 11, 2013 – Youtube.com
How To Detox From Weed? — Despite its popularity, marijuana is still illegal in many states. Since of this, people often look for how to detox from weed quickly to pass drug tests. Unluckily, unlike other pills, rehab could take a relatively long time.
Symptoms Of Withdrawal
Lack of sleep with may last for a few nights (insomnia).
Lack of sleep with may last for a few nights (insomnia). Depression
Nightmare and terrible dreams, this is because marijuana tends to stop you from dreaming, but the moment you start getting rid of it dreams back with a crash.
Intense headache in the first day which will keep on diminishing as days goes by.
You can experience night sweats if you have never had it to the extent that you can go ahead to change clothes. Sweating is the best way of getting rid of toxic materials from the body which can last for weeks and even months.
Unpleasant smell was emanating from the sweating of hands which will require regular hand wash.
You may experience dizziness and shaking this can be due to hormonal change.
Ways To Detox Weed Naturally
Drink Lemon Juice: Lemon juice contains vitamin C, which is the electrolyte and a better way to eliminate THC chemical naturally. Processed lemon cannot be the best for this purpose you need to take fresh lemon juice. For the encouragement, honey can be added to add some taste.
Drink A Lot Of Water: For the body to remain hydrated due to excessive sweating, you must make sure you take at least twelve glasses of water daily. Water will aid in the removal of this toxic chemical from the body. – (Do Detox Drinks Work For People?)
Avoid The Intake Of Red Meat: When it comes to elimination of marijuana remember that the red meat and junk foods such as chips and fast foods can't help. Junk foods are converted to fats and stored in the body hence creating a healthy environment for the THC. With these excessive fats, it becomes very difficult to get rid of weed from the body. The reason being it will dissolve in the fats making the process slowdown.
Concentrate On Lots Of Healthy Fiber: How to detox from weed depends highly on the type of food you eat. Ensure you take a lot of grains and legumes such as lentils, peanut and peas which contains a lot of fiber. This will enable you to increase the body healthy as you concentrate on marijuana detoxification.
By observe the rules, it can be easier for you to notice fast recovery from the effects caused by the elimination of THC from the body. You will find it easy and regular in this transformation process. How to detox from weed can now be seen as very easy but the challenge is on following the instructions.
[Optional Read This: Important Tips on How to Cleanse Your Body]
How Can I Be Sure – I Will Pass The Drug Test?
Maybe you have been clean for a while and wanted to see. If you pass the drug test. Or maybe you need to make sure your weed detox is working? Getting your own “Drug Detection Kit” is a great way to know for sure that you will pass.
These self-testing kits allow you to inquire yourself for weeds (marijuana). Simply use your detox goods and test with one of the devices. When you see the negative result come up and you can be sure you will pass
What's your best way how to detox from weed? If you have the process of detoxing weed share your best ways how to detox from weed below in the comments. I would love to share your best ways of detoxing weed with the readers.
Check Out: How To Detox From Weed In 2 Weeks
minermob
Offline
Activity: 28
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 28Merit: 0 Re: [ANN][POT] PotCoin Launches Today 01/21 @ 4:20 February 06, 2014, 07:22:53 AM #1341 Quote from: anyone4u on February 05, 2014, 05:07:56 PM Quote from: minermob on February 05, 2014, 09:02:37 AM Quote from: anyone4u on February 05, 2014, 05:53:19 AM Quote from: minermob on February 05, 2014, 05:04:12 AM
We have launched our pool a few days ago at
We wanted to invite you all to come see our new awesome CUSTOM layout, and enjoy all the benefits associated
Low reject ratios, low block found %'s, and high efficiency!
bring in the HASH power ladies and gents
Hey allWe have launched our pool a few days ago at http://pot.minermob.com We wanted to invite you all to come see our new awesome CUSTOM layout, and enjoy all the benefits associatedLow reject ratios, low block found %'s, and high efficiency!bring in the HASH power ladies and gents
I signed up right when you made the announcment on reddit to so i could get the 0% fee for the first 50 users like you said and there was like 10 or 11 people mining total when i logged in so im sure i made it but now when i got back to your site after seeing you here... your website is different and my login that previously worked does not! whats up?
same here: see others post describes my situation alsoI signed up right when you made the announcment on reddit to so i could get the 0% fee for the first 50 users like you said and there was like 10 or 11 people mining total when i logged in so im sure i made it but now when i got back to your site after seeing you here... your website is different and my login that previously worked does not! whats up?
Hello,
I will say the same to you as I did the previous poster, as well as apologize for you not getting the message.
We did post on reddit that we had to wipe the database because the stratum was completely messed up. This was after finding 1 block, so I posted that if anyone felt wronged mining in the pool, that I would send them some potcoins. Offer is to you as well.
We did post on the news that we had to wipe the database and to please re-register your account. We apologize that you'll have to do that, but it's for the better long-term.
The new layout was brought on to differentiate us from other pools, and we hope you guys like it.
THe pool has been doing very well, check out the stats. Feel free to PM me here and we can work out an arrangement if you feel like you lost potcoins with the previous layout.
Best,
Daniel
Hello,I will say the same to you as I did the previous poster, as well as apologize for you not getting the message.We did post on reddit that we had to wipe the database because the stratum was completely messed up. This was after finding 1 block, so I posted that if anyone felt wronged mining in the pool, that I would send them some potcoins. Offer is to you as well.We did post on the news that we had to wipe the database and to please re-register your account. We apologize that you'll have to do that, but it's for the better long-term.The new layout was brought on to differentiate us from other pools, and we hope you guys like it.THe pool has been doing very well, check out the stats. Feel free to PM me here and we can work out an arrangement if you feel like you lost potcoins with the previous layout.Best,Daniel
it says pot.leetpools.com down and leetpools.com is down also, I re-registered however to get started when back up
it says pot.leetpools.com down and leetpools.com is down also, I re-registered however to get started when back up
Our domain registrar temporarily gave us issues earlier today, and we have almost completely resolved it. Long story, but basically 1and1 literally almost cancelled our accounts because we hosted a version of cgminer. very stupid. So we've been in the process of dealing with that, and That may have been when you were trying to acess the site. You can access the site either
We are merging and will eventually move to one URL. As is the pool is running concurrently with each other, but you can pull from either domain and use either stratum.
Our domain registrar temporarily gave us issues earlier today, and we have almost completely resolved it. Long story, but basically 1and1 literally almost cancelled our accounts because we hosted a version of cgminer. very stupid. So we've been in the process of dealing with that, and That may have been when you were trying to acess the site. You can access the site either http://pot.minermob.com or http://pot.leetpools.com , both stratums workWe are merging and will eventually move to one URL. As is the pool is running concurrently with each other, but you can pull from either domain and use either stratum.
smokemon
Offline
Activity: 34
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 34Merit: 0 Whats next for PotCoin! in the coming weeks February 06, 2014, 08:35:29 PM #1350 So i wanted to give everyone a heads-up on what the PotCoin DEV TEAM are working on.
http://potcoin.info/images/large.gif
1. We are working the hardest on creating a FULL ANDROID MOBILE WALLET ETA 1-2 weeks
2.
3. Creating a Credit Card (POTCARD.CC) type of Paper Wallet Branded for potcoin with your public and private address that you will be able to order online. Once you receive the card you can remove the private key sticker and keep it somewhere safe.
4. We are currently in talk with a little rolling paper manufacturers to make custom Potcoin Rollies and Filter papers! we also have a company in the UK that is making us Potcoin Grinders. We plan integrate paper wallets on the rolling papers and filter etc so that when you purchase these products you will be able to redeem POTCOINS to your wallet. you will scan the QR code it will bring you to a website where you can redeem it for a free coin directly you wallet.
the papers will be called BILLS and the domain will be ROLLINGPAPERBILLS.COM
5. We are working with 2 companies potlocator.com and weedmaps.com to integrate Potcoin into their existing websites and also APPS on Android and Iphone. They will also be letting all of their existing thousands of users know they can accept POTCOINS for payment, this will be a big step for us. We would like to create our own similar mapping software to show a MAP with all the places in the world Potcoins are accepted!
6. We are creating a Community website for all potcoin users called POT TALK, this will help bring all potcoin users together and listed under categories, we want to create a community of supporters world wide and help them connect with other.
7. Potcoin Foundation - we will be creating a NON-PROFIT organization that will help raise money for Marijuana related charities world wide and try and support the legalization of marijuana world wide.
8. Getting a full open API for people to use to accept Potcoin on their website.
9. We have many many more ideas to come but for now we need to focus on getting the coin accepted all over the world. we have had so many emails and call from people all over wanting to know more and how to use the coin etc.
10. Please let us know if you want to help or get involved or help. email us at
thanks
smokemon
TO THE MOONAJUANA!! 1. We are working the hardest on creating a FULL ANDROID MOBILE WALLET ETA 1-2 weeks2. https://pool.chunky.ms/paper/potcoin.html Chunky has setup a beta Paper Wallet for Potcoin. we will be branding it soon and creating a way for dispensaries to print up and wallet and accept it at their stores3. Creating a Credit Card (POTCARD.CC) type of Paper Wallet Branded for potcoin with your public and private address that you will be able to order online. Once you receive the card you can remove the private key sticker and keep it somewhere safe.4. We are currently in talk with a little rolling paper manufacturers to make custom Potcoin Rollies and Filter papers! we also have a company in the UK that is making us Potcoin Grinders. We plan integrate paper wallets on the rolling papers and filter etc so that when you purchase these products you will be able to redeem POTCOINS to your wallet. you will scan the QR code it will bring you to a website where you can redeem it for a free coin directly you wallet.the papers will be called BILLS and the domain will be ROLLINGPAPERBILLS.COM5. We are working with 2 companies potlocator.com and weedmaps.com to integrate Potcoin into their existing websites and also APPS on Android and Iphone. They will also be letting all of their existing thousands of users know they can accept POTCOINS for payment, this will be a big step for us. We would like to create our own similar mapping software to show a MAP with all the places in the world Potcoins are accepted!6. We are creating a Community website for all potcoin users called POT TALK, this will help bring all potcoin users together and listed under categories, we want to create a community of supporters world wide and help them connect with other.7. Potcoin Foundation - we will be creating a NON-PROFIT organization that will help raise money for Marijuana related charities world wide and try and support the legalization of marijuana world wide.8. Getting a full open API for people to use to accept Potcoin on their website.9. We have many many more ideas to come but for now we need to focus on getting the coin accepted all over the world. we have had so many emails and call from people all over wanting to know more and how to use the coin etc.10. Please let us know if you want to help or get involved or help. email us at DEV@POTCOIN.INFO thankssmokemonTO THE MOONAJUANA!!
Zombie123
Offline
Activity: 868
Merit: 1000
LegendaryActivity: 868Merit: 1000 Re: Whats next for PotCoin! in the coming weeks February 06, 2014, 08:48:39 PM #1352 Quote from: smokemon on February 06, 2014, 08:35:29 PM So i wanted to give everyone a heads-up on what the PotCoin DEV TEAM are working on.
1. We are working the hardest on creating a FULL ANDROID MOBILE WALLET ETA 1-2 weeks
2.
3. Creating a Credit Card (POTCARD.CC) type of Paper Wallet Branded for potcoin with your public and private address that you will be able to order online. Once you receive the card you can remove the private key sticker and keep it somewhere safe.
4. We are currently in talk with a little rolling paper manufacturers to make custom Potcoin Rollies and Filter papers! we also have a company in the UK that is making us Potcoin Grinders. We plan integrate paper wallets on the rolling papers and filter etc so that when you purchase these products you will be able to redeem POTCOINS to your wallet. you will scan the QR code it will bring you to a website where you can redeem it for a free coin directly you wallet.
the papers will be called BILLS and the domain will be ROLLINGPAPERBILLS.COM
5. We are working with 2 companies potlocator.com and weedmaps.com to integrate Potcoin into their existing websites and also APPS on Android and Iphone. They will also be letting all of their existing thousands of users know they can accept POTCOINS for payment, this will be a big step for us. We would like to create our own similar mapping software to show a MAP with all the places in the world Potcoins are accepted!
6. We are creating a Community website for all potcoin users called POT TALK, this will help bring all potcoin users together and listed under categories, we want to create a community of supporters world wide and help them connect with other.
7. Potcoin Foundation - we will be creating a NON-PROFIT organization that will help raise money for Marijuana related charities world wide and try and support the legalization of marijuana world wide.
8. Getting a full open API for people to use to accept Potcoin on their website.
9. We have many many more ideas to come but for now we need to focus on getting the coin accepted all over the world. we have had so many emails and call from people all over wanting to know more and how to use the coin etc.
10. Please let us know if you want to help or get involved or help. email us at
thanks
smokemon
TO THE MOONAJUANA!!
1. We are working the hardest on creating a FULL ANDROID MOBILE WALLET ETA 1-2 weeks2. https://pool.chunky.ms/paper/potcoin.html Chunky has setup a beta Paper Wallet for Potcoin. we will be branding it soon and creating a way for dispensaries to print up and wallet and accept it at their stores3. Creating a Credit Card (POTCARD.CC) type of Paper Wallet Branded for potcoin with your public and private address that you will be able to order online. Once you receive the card you can remove the private key sticker and keep it somewhere safe.4. We are currently in talk with a little rolling paper manufacturers to make custom Potcoin Rollies and Filter papers! we also have a company in the UK that is making us Potcoin Grinders. We plan integrate paper wallets on the rolling papers and filter etc so that when you purchase these products you will be able to redeem POTCOINS to your wallet. you will scan the QR code it will bring you to a website where you can redeem it for a free coin directly you wallet.the papers will be called BILLS and the domain will be ROLLINGPAPERBILLS.COM5. We are working with 2 companies potlocator.com and weedmaps.com to integrate Potcoin into their existing websites and also APPS on Android and Iphone. They will also be letting all of their existing thousands of users know they can accept POTCOINS for payment, this will be a big step for us. We would like to create our own similar mapping software to show a MAP with all the places in the world Potcoins are accepted!6. We are creating a Community website for all potcoin users called POT TALK, this will help bring all potcoin users together and listed under categories, we want to create a community of supporters world wide and help them connect with other.7. Potcoin Foundation - we will be creating a NON-PROFIT organization that will help raise money for Marijuana related charities world wide and try and support the legalization of marijuana world wide.8. Getting a full open API for people to use to accept Potcoin on their website.9. We have many many more ideas to come but for now we need to focus on getting the coin accepted all over the world. we have had so many emails and call from people all over wanting to know more and how to use the coin etc.10. Please let us know if you want to help or get involved or help. email us at DEV@POTCOIN.INFO thankssmokemonTO THE MOONAJUANA!!
The only reason I am holding POT due to this team of devs ... excellent news devs!! -- Will buy some more The only reason I am holding POT due to this team of devs ... excellent news devs!! -- Will buy some more
An IRS customer service representative has been suspended for 100 days for using his official capacity to encourage callers to re-elect President Barack Obama in 2012, Politico reports.
The U.S. Office of Special Counsel, a federal watchdog agency, filed a complaint in April 2014 accusing the employee of violating the Hatch Act. The 1939 Hatch Act, also known as “An Act to Prevent Pernicious Political Activities,” “prohibits federal employees from running as candidates in partisan elections, and from soliciting contributions and promoting candidates for political office while on duty and in the federal workplace.”
“OSC's complaint alleged that, when fielding taxpayers' questions on an IRS customer service help line, the employee repeatedly urged taxpayers to reelect President Obama in 2012 by delivering a chant based on the spelling of the employee's last name,” the agency's Thursday press release read.
“In the settlement agreement resolving the complaint, the IRS employee acknowledged that he had used his authority and influence as an IRS customer service representative for a political purpose and did so while at work.”
These charges are unrelated to the ongoing IRS conservative nonprofit-targeting investigation.
Follow Tristyn on Twitter.
The Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry announced on Monday a finalized plan to establish 30,000 Wi-Fi access points nationwide in time for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The ministry had said in 2015 that its major objective is to provide connectivity to victims of potential disasters and to tourists. It planned to install Wi-Fi in public facilities such as schools, government buildings, museums and cultural heritage sites, including historical ruins.
“A total of 14,000 facilities are done, and there are 16,000 more” still to be equipped with Wi-Fi networks, said Go Katsuhata, a ministry official in charge of local internet access.
All except those in some locations, such as schools, will be free to use by the general public.
An earlier plan aimed for 29,000 spots, but an extra 1,000 facilities were added after negotiations with municipal governments nationwide, he said.
According to 2015 data from the ministry, 86 percent of Japan's major airports were equipped with Wi-Fi, but the rate fell to only 32 percent of major train stations. A mere 4 percent of the nation's public buses offered a wireless connection to the internet.
Other tourism-related facilities are also lacking in connectivity. For example, only 26 percent of visitor centers in national parks and 11 percent of museums have hot spots.
Schools likewise are lagging, according to a survey by the education ministry. As of last March, just 26.1 percent of elementary and junior high schools had Wi-Fi, although 87.7 percent had LAN access.
Of all non-Japanese visitors surveyed by the ministry, 32.7 percent said Japan is behind on Wi-Fi availability.
Shintaro Ogi, another ministry official, said there could be as many as 10,000 free Wi-Fi spots across the country set up by mobile carriers, but he did not know how many there are in Tokyo.
NTT Docomo Inc. in 2014 launched a smartphone app called Japan Connected-Free Wi-Fi that allows users to search for and access over 145,000 Wi-Fi spots nationwide. Similar services provided by other carriers include Travel Japan Wi-Fi by KDDI Corp., to access some 200,000 spots, and SoftBank Corp.'s Free Wi-Fi Passport with 400,000 spots.
Katsuhata stressed that disaster prevention is the main aim of the government in readying public Wi-Fi connection, but added that the connectivity can be used for many purposes.
“It will also be used in classrooms by students and in tourist centers, as planned by the education ministry and the Japan Tourism Agency,” he said.
Image copyright Chris Downer/Geograph Image caption The three men were charged as part of the National Crime Agency's Operation Stovewood
Three men charged as part of an investigation into child sexual exploitation and abuse in Rotherham have appeared in court.
Sajid Ali, 37, Zaheer Iqbal, 39, and Riaz Makhmood, 38, from Masbrough, appeared at Sheffield Magistrates' Court charged with a total of 14 counts of indecent assault.
The offences are alleged to have taken place between June 1994 and June 1995.
They were released on bail to appear at Sheffield Crown Court on 6 February.
Mr Ali is charged with six counts of indecent assault, Mr Iqbal faces five charges and Mr Makhmood faces three.
The men were the first to be charged under the National Crime Agency Operation Stovewood, which is looking into allegations of sexual abuse in the town.
US President Barack Obama warned Friday that Russia's military engagement in Syria in support of strongman Bashar al-Assad is a "recipe for disaster," though Washington could still work with Moscow on reducing tensions.
Obama made his remarks at a White House news conference Friday.
Russian President Vladimir Putin "doesn't distinguish between ISIS and a moderate Sunni opposition that wants to see Mr Assad go," Obama told reporters, referring to the ISIS group. "From their perspective. they're all terrorists, and that's a recipe for disaster."
Obama said Russian President Vladimir Putin has not attracted international support for his approach in Syria, which is a longstanding Russian ally. He said only Iran and Syrian President Bashar Assad are on Putin's side, while the U.S. is leading a 60-nation international coalition against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
He also said that the U.S. is working with Turkey and some other countries in the region to "make things safer" along the Syrian border. The president's remarks came after Turkish prime minister reiterated a "safe zone" must be imposed in Syria during his speech at the United Nations General Assembly.
However when asked about Hillary Clinton's support of a no-fly zone in Syria, Obama said there's a difference between being president and running for president, adding that Clinton's opinion on the matter was still rational.
Russia bombed Syria on Friday for a third straight day, mainly hitting areas held by rival insurgent groups rather than the ISIS fighters it has said it was targeting, and drawing an increasingly angry response from the West.
Russian President Vladimir Putin's decision to launch strikes on Syria marks a dramatic escalation of foreign involvement in a more than four-year-old civil war in which every major country in the region has a stake.
Agatha Christie detective Hercule Poirot resurrected in new novel
Posted
Agatha Christie's famed detective, Hercule Poirot, will be resurrected in a new novel, nearly 40 years after his last adventure.
The moustachioed Belgian will appear in a book to be published next year written by British crime writer Sophie Hannah.
The book has the support of the Christie family and is due to be published in September, 94 years after Poirot first appeared in the author's debut novel, The Mysterious Affair at Styles.
Hannah says it was Christie, who died in 1974, who had made her "fall in love with mystery fiction" at the age of 13.
"It is almost impossible to put into words how honoured I am to have been entrusted with this amazing project," she said.
"It was Christie's brilliant plotting and deep understanding of the human psyche that shaped my identity as a crime writer."
She says she hopes to "create a puzzle that will confound and frustrate the incomparable Hercule Poirot for at least a good few chapters".
Hannah is the author of eight psychological thrillers as well as eight volumes of poetry. Two of her novels have been adapted for television.
Along with Miss Marple, the diminutive Poirot is one of Christie's best-loved characters.
Christie's grandson, Mathew Prichard, says it is "pure serendipity" that Hannah has been commissioned to write the book, as her agent approached the publisher with the idea in the same week that the family began discussing a new Christie novel.
"Her idea for a plotline was so compelling and her passion for my grandmother's work so strong, that we felt that the time was right for a new Christie to be written," he said.
Christie has sold more than 2 billion books which have been adapted countless times for the stage and screen.
Her play The Mousetrap is the longest-running show in history, having had more than 25,000 performances since it opened in London 61 years ago.
Poirot is not the first famous character to be revived after their creator's death.
Sebastian Faulks, Jeffery Deaver and William Boyd have all penned continuation novels for Ian Fleming's James Bond series, while Faulks is due to publish a new book about PG Woodhouse's Jeeves and Wooster in November.
AFP
Topics: crime-fiction, fiction, books-literature, arts-and-entertainment, united-kingdom, england
Announced for localization last year, Gaijinworks has silenty moved the release date of Summon Night 6: Lost Borders to May 23, 2017 in North America.
There are three PS4 editions available on Amazon: the Raj Edition, Amu Edition, and Ist Edition named after the game's main characters. According to Gaijinworks, these listings do not yet include an unnanounced pre-order bonus, and a PlayStation Vita pre-order should be up shortly. The game will be digital-only in Europe.
The niche publisher has been posting some screenshots to their Twitter feed and official website, and we've collected a bunch and placed them in the gallery below. All images are of the PlayStation 4 version, save for the last three which are from the PlayStation Vita version.
Note, many of these screenshots were posted by Gaijinworks in December.
It is being described as the biggest uprising against Indian rule in Kashmir in two decades. Since the rebel fighter Burhan Wani was killed on July 8, thousands have taken to the streets to protest .
Over 80 people are reported to have been killed and 12,000 injured in clashes with the Indian armed forces that often involve running battles between heavily-armed riot police and young people throwing stones.
The use of force against protesters isn't new. But the shooting of pellets as a way of controlling crowds has grabbed the headlines, as hundreds have been struck in their eyes, with many losing their vision as a result.
The Indian government considers pellet guns to be non-lethal weapons, but at least 10 people have been reportedly killed since July. Human rights activists have called for the weapon to be banned, alleging they have "neither been used proportionally nor in compliance with international standards on the use of force or domestic standards on crowd control".
Amnesty International India has described them as "inherently inaccurate and indiscriminate" and said they have "no place in law enforcement".
In August, Naeem Akhter, A spokesperson for the Jammu and Kashmir government, told Al Jazeera that a decision had been taken to phase out the use of the weapons. "The use of pellets were inherited from the previous government ... we have always been against it," he said.
But, although Indian officials have launched an inquiry into the use of pellet guns, they continue to be used.
The CRPF, an Indian paramilitary unit, revealed that it had used 1.3 million pellets in 32 days, adding that "it was difficult to follow the standard operating procedure given the nature of the protests".
Dr Rashid Maqbool and Dr Sajjad Khanday, two ophthalmologists at the Shri Maharaja Hari Singh Hospital (SMHS) in Srinagar * , where the majority of injured patients have arrived, spoke to Al Jazeera about the horrors the weapon can inflict.
Al Jazeera: There has been a lot of focus on pellet injuries during the past two months. But this is not the first time you have had to deal with these type of injuries, is it?
Dr Rashid Maqbool: Yes, this started in 2010 [during major protests of the summer of 2010]. I was a postgraduate student then, and we treated around 100-105 patients at that time. The pattern of injury at that time was very much less pronounced; some patients would have pellet injuries, some marble slingshot injuries, some due to stones, sticks, etc. Hardly 15 percent of patients were pellet related.
Between 2010 and June 2016, we would receive perhaps around two or three patients [with pellet related injuries] every week, particularly on Fridays when most protests tend to take place.
Since Burhan Wani's death, the nature of trauma has been altogether different in terms of the pattern of eye injuries we have received in our department.
More than 95 percent of eye injuries are exclusively due to pellets. Sometimes it is a penetration injury - where the pellets remain inside the eye. On other occasions the pellets are going through the eye and exiting through the retina, reaching very close to the brain itself.
Al Jazeera: How many people have been treated here with eye injuries from pellet guns since July 9?
Maqbool: There have been around 780 patients who have been admitted, operated and managed by our department. However, this is not the exact figure of eye injuries we have received here. There have been others who received emergency treatment but were not admitted.
Around 100 others have been to the SKIMS Medical College (in Srinagar) and I don't know how many were managed at district hospitals. Some others have gone to Indian cities like Hyderabad and Delhi directly without consulting anyone in [the Kashmir] valley. So there would be no less than 1,000 eye injury patients since July 9.
Al Jazeera: Are you able to estimate how many people will suffer permanent damage to their vision?
Maqbool: Since the retina is a very sensitive structure of the eye which forms the image, most of these patients have retinal haemorrhages, tears and detachments. I would say most of them have permanent damage to their vision.
There are those who have bilateral injuries - ie, injuries to both eyes. There are around 42 cases at this hospital. They have very little chance of regaining their vision. And the rest, around 700 or so, were hit in one eye. They too have little chance of regaining their eyesight back in that eye. There are a number of patients who cannot even perceive light in one eye.
I assessed the situation in both eyes. The injuries were very grievous, and so I kept silent. He understood, and it was heartbreaking. He said: 'So I donate both my eyes to the people of Kashmir, particularly to those who can see, yet they are blind. I donate my eyes to the resistance.' Dr Rashid Maqbool
Al Jazeera: What happens during the operation when pellets are removed?
Dr Sajjad Khanday: The eye is composed of many parts. It depends on the impact.
Sometimes a patient has a pellet lodged just in the front of the eye and everything inside the eye might be normal and we may be just required to remove the pellet. But sometimes the pellet has gone inside and ripped everything in its path, and created a hole or a defect in the cornea. Then it becomes rather delicate.
There have been cases where pellets were lodged around the optic nerve. It's impossible to remove those. And there are pellets that have pierced everything and come out behind the eyeball. Again, it's impossible to remove those as well.
Al Jazeera: What has been the psychological impact on patients?
Maqbool: It is very emotional. You have to remember, we are dealing with young kids. Some are 12 or 15 years old. They are often not accompanied by adults.
It is a friend or someone else on the street who has brought the person to the hospital. When they reach us, we are supposed to ask for their consent, but the parents are not there, and we have to tell the young patient that we are operating and that there are no guarantees.
So when they are told this, they become very perturbed.
I received a patient from Kupwara [north Kashmir]. He was hit in both eyes, and we put him on a table to work on him. I gave him a local anaesthetic, and so he was very much aware of what was taking place.
He asked me: 'Doctor, will I be able to see again?' I assessed the situation in both eyes. The injuries were very grievous, and so I kept silent. He understood, and it was heartbreaking.
He said: "So I donate both my eyes to the people of Kashmir, particularly to those who can see, yet they are blind. I donate my eyes to the resistance.' That couplet has stayed with me.
And remember one important thing: Everyone in their family suffers. The whole family is shattered. They are now a burden to their families because someone has to look after them. Imagine a young man who is the sole breadwinner of the family and now blind.
Al Jazeera: How are pellet injuries different from other foreign objects entering the human eye?
Khanday : Since they come at very high speed, the impact on the eye and its various components is enormous. It shatters everything inside.
Then, there are certain bodies which are metallic so that makes their removal relatively easier by using electromagnets, but these [pellets] are coated with lead, which makes it non-magnetic, and so their removal is very challenging.
Once they are embedded within the retina, you need specialised faucets for their removal. So we had to customise. This makes pellet injuries different from other injuries which affect the eye.
Al Jazeera: So the pellets are made out of lead?
Maqbool: We sent them for a forensic report. It is mainly leaded, but not pure lead. We thought that once it enters the eyes, it would just inflict mechanical damage.
Now, we see it is not just the mechanical impact of the pellet.
There are other reactions inside the eye. Extensive fibrosis, clot formation, lots of dense exudates ... These cause us a lot more grief and make it difficult to operate on patients.
Al Jazeera: Are there case studies for you to refer to in dealing with these types of injuries?
Pellet guns against protesters Indian security forces don't use pellet guns anywhere else in the country and are now under pressure to stop using them in Kashmir
The Jammu and Kashmir High Court Bar Association has filed a petition at the state's High Court asking for the use of pellet guns to be stopped, saying they are a lethal weapon
Bashir Sidiq, the association's general secretary, led a group of lawyers in protest outside the High Court. He told Al Jazeera: "You can never expect a mob to be disciplined, but CRPF have to be disciplined"
At the end of July, the Indian government set up a committee to review the use of pellet guns. The army has recommended replacing them with less lethal weapons such as sound cannons, pepper shotguns and chilli grenades
Maqbool: There isn't much literature. But to give you an indication of the scale of the injuries here: There are studies published I have read that looked at around 60 pellet-related injuries over one or two decades.
And these are accidental injuries that have taken place while hunting for birds, not pellets, that were showered intentionally on protesters.
In our case, we have had more than 750 eye pellet injuries over the past two months in our department alone. These are absolutely record-breaking numbers.
No studies give us any clear-cut idea of how to manage these injuries.
Al Jazeera: How do you respond to the matter of lethal vs non-lethal use of force?
Khanday: Facts are facts. There are patients who have been killed by the use of pellets.
There are statistics available which make it clear that pellets fired at very short range and in abundant numbers have the potential to kill.
Maqbool: We need to talk about how they are being used. And it is clear that those who are using it are not professionally trained because most injuries are from the chest up.
Also, there are around 10 people who have been killed with pellets since July 9. So, if you are killing and maiming people, to me, it is a lethal weapon.
On August 30, they [the government] said they would use it on rarest of rare occasions. On August 31, we received 18 eye pellet patients.
On September 1, we received 17. The next day we received 30. Don't they know what is happening to the people?
They know it's maiming people, but still they are using it.
Al Jazeera: So, do you think the issue of lethal vs non-lethal use is a false question?
Khanday: Exactly. This discourse cannot be actually converted into a question over the use of pellets. The protest on the roads are about something else. As far as lethality is concerned, if it impacts a teenager who has a long life ahead, whose career is at stake, whose family aspirations are associated with his development, and if he is blinded or maimed - I think the story is more grim than him being dead because death is a one-time shock.
For many who have been hit in both eyes, chances of visual recovery are very bleak even with the most advanced and surgical interventions. So they are going to be blind; they are going to be a burden.
Al Jazeera: Considering that this is how the armed forces are responding to protesters, would you advise people to stay away from the streets?
Fast Facts: The world's most militarised zone India's offensive against the rebels between 1990 and the mid-2000s has seen the number of rebel fighters decrease from nearly 30,000 to around 200 now, according to Umair Gul, a scholar from Jamia Millia Islamia University
Indian-administered Kashmir remains the most militarised place in the world
Khurram Parvez, a Kashmiri human rights activist says there are more than 650,000 troops stationed in the region - that is one soldier for every 17 Kashmiris
Independent analysts believe the number of Indian troops to be around half a million
The Indian government does not release official figures on the number of its troops in the disputed region
Human rights organisations have accused Indian forces in Kashmir of unlawful killings, disappearances, rape and torture
But the Armed Forces Special Powers Act , which was introduced in the state in 1990, gives security forces virtual immunity from prosecution
Maqbool: We need to move away from this perception that only protesters are being hit by pellets.
There is a four-and-a-half-year-old child here with pellets in the left eye. Do you think a four-year-old was throwing stones? Another lady was hit inside her home. There is Insha, a girl blinded by pellets. I call her the face of these eye pellet injury patients. She had just opened the window of her house to see what is happening outside. Then there are 50- and 60-year-olds hit in the eyes.
And it is the same with gases. Here, I can narrate a personal story: During Eid, outside our house, tear gas and some other types of pepper gas were thrown at some protesters. I couldn't breathe at all. And I am 31 years old.
My two-month-old daughter started vomiting milk through her mouth and nostrils. I started crying out of desperation because I didn't know what to do.
I was sealing the rooms, and doing everything so that we can keep it all out. My other daughter - a three-year-old - was holding her throat saying that she is choking.
When they started shelling again, I thought my two-month-old daughter had died. So I ran to the car, put on the air conditioner to try and help her breathe and drove off hoping the cool air would help her.
As we drove, I again became emotional thinking about all the other children and families who can't escape. Not everyone has a car. I received a phone call from my cousin who lives next to me with his two-year-old son. He was saying: "You left, but what about us?" He was justified in saying so.
Now, you are asking me about the guns they are using: Honestly, I don't know what is inside these pellets or the gases they are firing at us. What if my daughter develops some long-term reaction to it later on? What if she dies after a month. How do I know?
I keep on telling my patients not to go back to the street to protest. If they go back, they may lose their other eye.
If somebody else is going out to protest, I have said that people should use certain glasses made out of polycarbonate material or the ones used by welders. I have not done research on this, but it's the advice I offer.
* Al Jazeera tried without success to secure comments on this interview from the Jammu and Kashmir police department, the state government as well as the ruling Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party.
Donald Trump once again has said he won't release his tax returns because they're under audit.
He indicated in an Associated Press story that he would do so after the audit ends, which may not happen before November.
Yet here's the thing: There's nothing preventing Trump from releasing his tax returns now. Not the IRS, not the law, not even precedent.
Turns out Richard Nixon publicly released his tax returns while they were under audit in 1973, at the height of the Watergate investigation.
But Watergate wasn't the reason, according to tax historian Joe Thorndike.
In the summer and fall of that year, "Nixon was engulfed by a controversy over his personal taxes. An outsize charitable donation was the proximate cause, but the scandal expanded to include numerous issues with the returns Nixon had filed between 1968 and 1972," Thorndike noted in a soon-to-be-published paper.
Interestingly it was that very tax controversy -- not Watergate -- that gave rise to one of Nixon's most famous quotes, Thorndike found. "People have got to know whether or not their President is a crook," Nixon told reporters in November 1973. "Well, I am not a crook."
He even went so far as to invite the Joint Committee on Taxation to also examine his returns. It did, and found Nixon owed another $476,431 -- or about $2.5 million in today's dollars. The IRS came to a similar conclusion.
Related: Trump says he can't release tax returns because of audits
But back to Trump.
It's certainly understandable why someone -- a public figure with a complicated financial life no less -- would not want to release his tax returns, especially when they're under audit. After all, why invite the added scrutiny from tax experts coast to coast?
The problem with that argument, though, is this: Trump is applying for the biggest and arguably most important job in the world.
And a requirement of that job in modern times is transparency.
While not required by law, full tax return disclosures have come to be expected of presidential nominees as well as every sitting president, audit or no.
"Americans have good reason to worry about the tax behavior of high-ranking officials. After all, when Nixon was actually serving as president, he was claiming unjustified deductions and failing to report all his income," Thorndike noted.
When asked to comment on the fact that Nixon had released his returns under audit, a Trump campaign spokesman said, "Mr. Trump is undergoing a routine audit. The documentation of this is available on our website."
-- CNNMoney's Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel contributed to this report
Metro's General Manager raised the possibility that those entrusted with repairing faulty cables are stating they are doing work which they have not completed. Paul J. Wiedefeld, who took the role as Metro's General Manager last year in November, questioned how the fire could occur last week near McPherson Square.
Metro conducted a system-wide investigation and aggressive efforts to replace faulty cables after the fatal smoke incident at L'Enfant Plaza last year.
Last Monday's incident near McPherson Square caused major disruptions and eventually shut the entire system down for a day-long inspection.
The cause in both the McPherson Square and L'Enfant Plaza incidents were determined to be faulty cables.
Wiedefeld said he will be taking a unit from within Metro and entrusting it with conducting inspections and with making recommendations. He said it will report directly to him.
Media playback is not supported on this device Eoin Doyle and Jermaine Beckford fight 'a disgrace' says Preston boss
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson described Eoin Doyle and Jermaine Beckford as an "absolute embarrassment" after they were sent off for fighting.
The two strikers squared up near the end of Preston's 2-1 loss at Sheffield Wednesday as they chased an equaliser.
Both players are likely to receive three-match bans for violent conduct.
"I've been in the game for 30 years playing and managing and I've never been involved with anything like that," Grayson told BBC Lancashire.
"I spoke to them in the dressing room and they were apologetic, but that doesn't wash with me, something like that should never happen in the professional game."
How did it start?
With Wednesday temporarily down to nine men following Fernando Forestieri's sending off and Will Buckley off the field receiving treatment to a shoulder injury with all the substitutes used, North End had been in with a chance of levelling the game after Doyle had pulled a goal back.
But Beckford took exception to Doyle's decision to pass to Marnick Vermijl, who shot over the bar in the 90th minute.
"It's an absolute embarrassment," Grayson said. "I stick up for my players at every club I've been at, I don't like to criticise them in public, I will do in the dressing room. But I can't stick up for either of those players."
What will Preston do?
Grayson said the duo would be reprimanded by the club, on top of any suspension handed to them by the Football Association.
"You expect it in the playground between four or five-year-olds, not from two professionals who've been in the game a long time," added the Preston boss.
"They've let themselves down, but that's the least of it. They've let our supporters down who've travelled here, and ultimately cost us the potential of getting a point or maybe three points because 11 against 10 we were on top and we had them.
"For something like that to happen is embarrassing. It's a joke, it's a disgrace."
Preston captain Tom Clarke told BBC Radio Lancashire that the team will discuss the incident early next week.
"It's not like us, we're a close group and all stick together and we'll look at it again on Monday and try and air stuff out," he said.
"We'll iron stuff out as quickly as we can because we've got to move on."
West Ham have been told they will need to pay Eupen £7.87million for Henry Onyekuru to ensure he qualifies for a work permit.
The Nigerian wants to play for the London Stadium side despite reports in Belgium saying Eupen wanted him to go to a more prestigious club.
Onyekuru, who has one international cap, has spoken to Chelsea's Victor Moses about living in London and has been encouraged to make the move to West Ham where Moses played on loan in 2015-16.
West Ham have been told they will need to pay Eupen £7.87million for striker Henry Onyekuru
The fee increase is significant as it helps add to the player's points tally for his work permit application under the totting-up procedure. Should a player score four points or more the panel can recommend an application is granted.
If the transfer fee is in the top 25percent of all transfer fees to Premier League clubs in the previous two windows, that earns three points but is only two points should it fall between the 50percent and 75percent mark of those same fees.
The 20-year-old scored 25 goals for Eupen last season and registered 14 assists along the way
Onyekuru would also gain three points if the wages being paid to him are in the top 25percent of the top 30 earners at the club.
The 20-year-old scored 25 goals for unfashionable Eupen last season and added 14 assists as they pushed for Europa League qualification.
Lithuania joined the euro zone at the stroke of midnight on Thursday, hoping to anchor itself in Europe as its former master Russia flexes its military muscle in the region.
The first Soviet republic to declare independence, in 1990, Lithuania is the last of the three Baltic states to join the currency union and will be the last country to do so for the foreseeable future, with remaining European Union members at least two years, and probably much more, away.
“Myself, and I think, many of you feel sad that (Lithuania's currency) the litas, which has served us well for more than two decades, becomes history, but we have to move forward,” Lithuania's Finance Minister Rimantas Sadzius told the euro launch ceremony.
The common currency remains a divisive issue, with polls showing half the population of 3 million still not convinced dumping the litas is a good idea.
Lithuania's prime minister Algirdas Butkevicius, who became the first person in the country to withdraw a 10 euro banknote from a cash machine, said the euro would “become a guarantor of both economic and political security.”
The government hopes that by becoming the 19th member of the euro bloc, Lithuania's trade will get a boost and borrowing costs will fall to help the country to recover from a 15 percent contraction in 2009 at the height of the global financial crisis.
The central bank governor Vitas Vasiliauskas has also stressed the “geopolitical” significance of the move which puts the former Soviet state firmly in the sphere of what used to be considered Western Europe.
“You live where you live. You have to keep that in mind,” he said when asked about benefits of euro zone entry, referring to the recent flare-up in tensions in the region.
Russia's role in the Ukraine crisis, which included the annexation of Crimea, has awoken fears in the Baltics, which have sizable ethnic Russian minorities, that they could be next.
Nato scrambled its jets more than 150 times in 2014 in response to Russian sorties, three times more than the previous year. Moscow also held surprise military exercises in Kaliningrad in December, its enclave that borders Lithuania, with 9,000 troops and 55 ships.
Despite rising political tensions, Lithuania's credit rating is now well into investment grade, and rating agency Fitch expects its economy to growth by 3.5 per cent in 2015, three times as fast as the euro zone as a whole.
Still, almost two-thirds of people fear Lithuania is losing part of its identity by switching to euro, and three-quarters expect prices to rise after adopting the euro, a Eurobarometer poll found.
Estonia joined the euro zone in 2011, followed by Latvia in 2014. All three Baltic nations joined the European Union and Nato in 2004.
Reuters
On a wall at Jake's Pizza in downtown St. Peter is a photo of the town's 1981 Class A high school football champions. Wearing No. 10 for the St. Peter Saints is defensive back Marty Davis. Wearing No. 22 is his older brother Mitch, the team's fullback.
Fast forward 33 years and the two brothers are still teammates, only the stakes are considerably higher as they lead the third generation of one of Minnesota's most successful business families.
From Cambria quartz countertops to Davis Family Dairies to Sun Country Airlines, the Davis family owns and manages some of the state's landmark homegrown businesses. They employ 2,600 workers and take in about $710 million a year in revenue, a figure that would rank the privately held business 38th among Minnesota's 100 largest publicly traded companies.
For years, the Davis operation was little known beyond its southern Minnesota base. That started to change in 2011 when the family engineered the purchase of Sun Country for $34 million. This fall, for the first time, the Davis clan landed on Forbes magazine's list of the richest American families, with an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion.
“My neighbors must think I have money hidden under the bed,” joked Mark Davis, the second-generation patriarch of the Davis business operation.
The family is only the fourth from Minnesota to make the Forbes richest-family list, putting them in the company of the Cargill-McMillans, the Carlsons and the Pohlads.
Above: The merry-go-round milking parlor at the Nicollet County dairy farm owned by the Davis family.
But the family knows that prosperity can be fleeting. It only takes one housing crisis to send the home countertop business reeling, high feed prices to cut into dairy yields or low competing airfares to knife airline profit margins.
For Mark Davis, 73, who now serves as CEO of Davis Holdings, success came from working hard and occasionally taking risks. And he's passed those habits along to his sons.
“Both started at the bottom and worked their way up. That's what I experienced with my dad,” Mark Davis said. “If they gained anything from me, it was by watching.”
Early entrepreneurship
The Davis family business dates to the 1930s when Stan Davis, now 96, learned the dairy business as an apprentice at a creamery in tiny Norseland, Minn., just west of St. Peter.
After acquiring the St. Peter Creamery in 1943, Stan Davis sold butter to the U.S. government during World War II. Eventually, son Mark joined the business, and the Davises expanded into cheesemaking and purchased creameries and cheese plants in Minnesota, South Dakota and Idaho.
The milk and cheese business became known as Davisco Foods International, and grew into one of the largest producers in the country.
Brothers Mitch, 51, and Marty, 50, spent their early years working at the St. Peter Creamery. During summers and on weekends, they drove trucks along Nicollet County's paved and gravel back roads to pick up milk from dairy farmers.
Now they run the show.
Mitch is a numbers guy with a degree in food sciences and nutrition from the University of Minnesota. He oversees the production of 500,000 pounds of milk a day in a $45 million-a-year dairy business in Nicollet County.
He calls the operation a “circle of sustainability” that employs 135 on a $3 million payroll.
“What we spend turns over eight times locally,” Mitch Davis said, noting that the Davis dairies purchase $20 million of feed a year mostly from neighboring farmers. “They grow it, we buy it.”
Marty is a relationship guy, with front-row seats behind home plate at Target Field and a Rolodex loaded with contacts like former Minnesota Twins player Justin Morneau and supermodel Cheryl Tiegs.
He was a major fundraiser for the $120,000 statue of Star Tribune columnist Sid Hartman outside Target Field. And when the Cambria showroom and studio opened in downtown Minneapolis in partnership with the CBS Radio Group, entertainment was provided by hit singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow.
Moving beyond dairy
Marty was the one to push for expansion beyond the dairy business.
Left: The St. Peter Creamery, where the Davis family business began.
Cambria, an estimated $250 million-a-year business, became part of the Davis family portfolio in 2000 when he convinced his dad, Mark, that the quartz tabletop-making process of a failed Iron Range business called Technimar Industries was still viable.
It cost $36 million to get their first countertop production line running in 2001. But quartz was a new product and consumers preferred granite when it came to stone countertops.
“We had no money,” Marty Davis recalled. “We were losing $600,000 to $700,000 a month. We were borrowed to the hilt and we were running out of runway.”
Then, radio commentator Paul Harvey entered the picture. After hearing the old-school radio newsman do a pitch during his daily broadcast for Minnesota-based Select Comfort, Davis went to Harvey and signed a $3 million advertising contract.
“Paul Harvey told me, ‘I'll get them on the hook. You get them in the net,' ” Marty Davis recalled.
Celebrity tie-ins would work again and again for Cambria and Marty Davis.
He cemented relationships with the likes of basketball legend Bobby Knight, actress Jessica Capshaw, model Kathy Ireland, country singer Josh Turner and hockey's Glen Sather to promote Cambria's products in the company's glossy magazine.
By 2005 and 2006, the company started to break even. A new production line was added in 2008.
Below: Mark Davis took a ride on an electric bike at the Cambria production plant in Le Sueur.
Then, the 2009 housing crash struck. For the first and only time, Marty Davis cut Cambria's production workforce in Le Sueur from 320 to 260. By 2010, however, home remodeling began to recover and Cambria started hiring again.
During the downturn, Cambria began offering customers home improvement loans. That led to the creation of Cambria Mortgage and Cambria Title by 2012.
Today, the countertop operation has 1,100 employees, including 540 at the Le Sueur plant, which is adding its fourth and fifth production lines. Cambria's payroll last year was $52 million and is projected to reach $64 million this year.
As the economy improved, another expansion idea got Marty's attention.
In 2011, again at his urging, the Davises acquired Sun Country Airlines from the bankruptcy estate of convicted businessman Tom Petters.
Negotiations for the airline took several months. Bankruptcy trustee Doug Kelley referred to bargaining talks as “a slog.”
“It was very tedious and very hard,” said Kelley, who found himself in court three years later still battling over details involving the value of the airline's parts inventory. Davis thought he'd been shortchanged but Kelley prevailed in Hennepin County District Court when the case was dismissed.
“I was afraid they were going to pull out of the deal,” recalled Kelley. “At the time we were dealing with the Arab Spring and jet fuel volatility. But Marty stuck to his word. He told me they were used to dealing with commodities, and prices that go up and down.”
Left: St. Peter High's 1981 state championship football team. Marty Davis is No. 10, second from left in front row, and Mitch Davis is No. 22, second from right.
The investment proved solid in 2012 but sputtered last year. Net income at Sun Country dropped 84 percent in 2013, to $2.4 million, in part because of the presence of low-cost Spirit Airlines just a few gates down from Sun Country in Terminal 2 at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport.
“Anytime you buy an airline, there are going to be hiccups,” said Robert Fafinski, a business and aviation attorney who sits on the Sun Country board of directors. “But you have to look at this for the long term and the Davis family are long-term investors.”
‘No off switch'
Mitch is the quiet brother while Marty goes full throttle, often tapping a listener on the arm as he tells a story. But as business partners, they are on the same page.
“Those boys are all driven. They're really competitive,” said Mick Anselmo, market manager for CBS Radio in Minneapolis, where Davis businesses have been advertisers for years. “There is no off switch. It's always on.”
Compact and trim, Mitch looks game-ready even 30-some years after his days of high school glory. Still a football fan, Mitch has season tickets on the 50-yard line for his alma mater Gophers.
Not surprisingly, the walls of his Belle Plaine office contain paintings of cows done by nationally known dairy artist Bonnie Mohr.
Marty's Le Sueur office reflects his go-go style with stacks of books on his desk and credenza ranging from “The Reagan Diaries” to biographies of Harry Truman, Johnny Cash and medical device pioneer Earl Bakken.
On the walls next to family photos are pictures of Marty Davis taken with Oprah, former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush and, perhaps his favorite, the late Twins slugger Harmon Killebrew.
Two years ago, in an estate planning move, ownership of various Davis businesses was divided among the five third-generation siblings.
Marty and Mitch Davis ended up owning Cambria, Sun Country and the dairy operation. Three siblings — Jon, Matt and Julie — became owners of Davisco Foods International, then a $1 billion-a-year cheesemaking business.
In July, Davisco was sold to Agropur, a large Canadian dairy cooperative. The sale ended 70 years of Davis family ownership, although the cheese company still is based in Le Sueur and retained the Davisco name.
“It was unbelievably difficult. Almost on a daily basis, I felt the emotional pain,” said Jon Davis, who remains Davisco's CEO and is the only family member in the cheese business. “But the food industry is constantly consolidating. We looked at the best way to grow and one was to acquire companies. But at the end of the day we concluded that leveraging Davisco was just too great of a risk.”
Wealth in the family
The Davis family lives well.
Mark has a spacious home overlooking the Minnesota River between St. Peter and Le Sueur; Marty and Mitch both have lakefront property on Lake Minnetonka.
They say it is important to give to the community. Earlier this summer, the brothers dropped $150,000 to sponsor a weeklong summer outing for kids with juvenile arthritis called Camp Cambria and flew in actress Mariel Hemingway to talk to the kids about healthy living. Last month Camp Cambria was honored by the national Arthritis Foundation for “innovative philanthropy.”
The company has partnered with a program called Sobriety High for kids with substance-abuse issues and an inner-city youth mentoring project called Bolder Options. They've also supported a number of veterans organizations, including the Minnesotans' Military Appreciation Fund.
“We are big advocates of getting outside of the business and out into the community,” said Marty Davis.
On an international front, Mitch and Marty Davis have worked with the Clinton Foundation on sustainable agriculture projects in Africa and Haiti.
Both Mitch and Marty Davis are hands-on owners. They often greet employees by name, and employees in turn address them by their first names.
In the milking rooms and the livestock barns, Mitch is not afraid to get his boots dirty in the muck that comes with large herds of cattle. At the Cambria plant, Marty races up steps to the multimillion-dollar quartz mixers and darts between rows and rows of gigantic finished quartz slabs.
“I'm in that plant every day,” Marty Davis said. “We know our people. Some were our football teammates. It's where we're grounded.”
David Phelps • 612-673-7269
A few weeks ago, Dries Buytaert, founder of the popular open-source CMS Drupal, asked Larry Garfield, a prominent Drupal contributor and long-time member of the Drupal community, “to leave the Drupal project.” Why did he do this? He refuses to say. A huge furor has erupted in response — not least because the reason clearly has much to do with Garfield's unconventional sex life.
More specifically, Garfield is into BDSM. Even more specifically, he's a member of the Gor community, an outré subculture of an outré subculture, one built around a series of thirty-odd books by John Norman which are, basically, “John Carter of Mars” meets “Fifty Shades of Grey.” Essentially–as I understand it–a community who are interested in, and/or participate in, elaborate (consensual!) sexual subjugation fantasies, in which men are inherently superior to women. I know all this because of Garfield's lengthy public response to his ouster, self-deprecatingly titled “TMI about me“:
Yes, I am one of those people … Despite the total lack of evidence that alternative lifestyle cultures offer any harm to anyone, there is still a great deal of prejudice and bigotry regarding it … someone, I do not know who, stumbled across my profile on a private, registration-required website for alternative-lifestyle people … that information made it to the Community Working Group (CWG), who concluded “there was no code of conduct violation present for [them] to take any action on” … in my first contact with Dries, he asked me “to step down from Drupal” … Drupal has been the cornerstone of my career for the past nearly 12 years … Dries wouldn't budge on me leaving, including making it clear that it wasn't an option, but an instruction … informing me that I'd been summarily dismissed from my position as track chair and as a speaker at DrupalCon, “per [my] conversation with Dries” … here I am, being bullied, harassed, and excluded because of my personal activities, which I don't even publicize much less advocate for in tech circles.
Buytaert (who is also co-founder and CTO of Acquia, a Drupal platform which has raised ~$175 million over the years and has been struggling to IPO for a few years now) retorts:
when a highly-visible community member's private views become public, controversial, and disruptive for the project, I must consider the impact … all people are created equally. [sic] I cannot in good faith support someone who actively promotes a philosophy that is contrary to this … any association with Larry's belief system is inconsistent with our project's goals … I recused myself from the Drupal Association's decision [to dismiss Garfield from his conference role] … Many have rightfully stated that I haven't made a clear case for the decision … I did not make the decision based on the information or beliefs conveyed in Larry's blog post.
Sigh. This sad mess is something of a perfect storm of Code of Conduct conflicts. It is one which raises a number of interesting questions. It also raises several quite boring ones, so let's get them out of the way:
Does this matter? (Isn't this just prurient clickbait?) Is it OK for an open-source community to ban/ostracize a member for being involved in BDSM, or other forms of unconventional but consensual adult sexual behavior? More generally, is it OK for an open-source community to ban/ostracize a member purely because their “belief system” — perhaps better described as a complicated fantasy milieu in which they happen to spend their personal time — was doxxed?
These questions are boring not because they are unimportant, but because the answers are so obvious: yes (no), hell no, and hell no.
I'll unpack the first: open-source communities/projects are crucially important to many people's careers and professional lives — cf “the cornerstone of my career” — so who they allow and deny membership to, and how their codes of conduct are constructed and followed, is highly consequential.
I really, really hope I don't have to unpack the two hell nos. But in case I do, let me quote this excellent blog post from Nadia Eghbal:
In the past, Dries might've kicked Larry out because “BDSM is a threat to family values”. Today, leaders like Dries kick Larry out because “BDSM is a threat to gender equality”. Unfortunately, the end result is the same … Beliefs are not actions. We cannot persecute people for what they believe, no matter how much it disgusts us, and simultaneously maintain a free and open democracy … If diversity is our dogma, call me “spiritual, not religious”. I still pray for the same things as you, but I won't be at the witch trials.
Which is brilliantly put and I hope settles the previous questions. However. The Garfield Situation also raises two questions which are far more complex and interesting:
Under what circumstances, and via what kind of due process, are it OK for communities to publicly condemn people for secret reasons? Is it OK to ban/ostracize community members for (legal) behavior which occurs entirely outside the community?
Obviously sometimes organizational decisions have to be made based on information that must remain confidential, for legal or ethical reasons. But if you're making such a decision, you really have to do so in the right way. What is the right way?
…Probably something close to the opposite of what Buytaert and the Drupal Association did. Even if their decision was correct, which currently seems at best suspect, their complete lack of process transparency, and Buytaert's vaguely worded hinting-without-really-saying-anything statement, makes it very hard to have any faith in it.
Their accusations are so vague — nonexistent non-accusations, really — that Dries & co. could surely have told the community substantially more (indeed, anything) about Garfield's problematic behavior, if any, without revealing sensitive information. For instance, they could have said they'd received reports of threats, harassment, or coercion by Garfield, if any such reports existed. They have said nothing of the sort.
(For what it's worth, a well-informed source of mine reports: “It's worth noting that a handful of women who worked with Larry did not report harassment or abuse from him in the workplace. We can't know for sure if he committed offenses, but if there were allegations or even rumors of his mistreatment of women we would be having a very different conversation right now.”)
They could also have cited which elements of the Drupal Code of Conduct he violated, if any. They have not done so … but they've expelled him anyhow. Isn't that Code of Conduct, and its associated Conflict Resolution Policy, supposed to be what dictates the rules of behavior and interaction in the community? Doesn't overrule that written code with arbitrary decisions made for secret reasons reveal that in practice it is an irrelevance with no actual weight or importance?
I reached out to Buytaert in the hope of clarification; he did not respond.
It's hard not to get the impression, from the little that we do know, and the manner in which it has been miscommunicated, that what's actually deemed unacceptable here is that Garfield's kink has spilled outside of his personal life — i.e. that his real sin is that he was doxxed. Which, as noted, is firmly in hell no territory.
It is of course entirely possible that this impression is incorrect, and that Buytaert and the Drupal Association have done the right thing. But they have offered no evidence, no arguments, and no reasons for their decision. It seems obvious to me that they have a moral obligation to their community to do so. You can't ban people without at least sketching the outline of what it is they did wrong. Just trust us is not enough —
–especially since it also seems possible that the CTO and co-founder of a heavily funded pre-IPO company has participated in expelling a man from what has been his professional community for the last twelve years, ignoring that community's own Code of Conduct and Conflict Resolution Policy, because it was decided he was guilty of, essentially, thoughtcrime; that no real accusations have been made, and no allegations of problematic behavior have been cited, because none such exist.
A third plausible scenario, based on the tea leaves of Buytaert's phrase “actively promotes,” is that Garfield has been banned for expressing views outside the Drupal community which are deemed unacceptable inside. This is not a new issue in the open-source world: I wrote about it last year, in the context of Curtis Yarvin and “Opalgate”:
Should communities accept people who hold repugnant views, as long as they don't express them within that community? Or should they be expelled, because it's assumed that their views influence their community work in a negative way, or because their presence makes other people feel unsafe? Personally, both answers make me feel deeply uneasy. Humans are messy, complex, and contradictory; human interactions are that squared; the results are so complex and context-sensitive that they often need to be judged on a case-by-case basis, rather than by any hard-and-fast rule.
…although in those cases, the views in question were clearly expressed publicly, not privately, and were not intended as part of any BDSM fantasy world. Does that apply here? Who knows? Certainly not the Drupal community.
It's impossible to judge the Garfield situation, because all we are permitted to know is that it has been prejudged for us, by people who refuse to tell us anything about either their evidence or their decision process. It is, however, very easy to judge whether the people who have made and communicated this decision are, by the way they have done so, actually serving their community. And that answer is, once again, I'm sorry to say: hell no.
There were ceremonies marking the recent 10th anniversary of the shootings at Columbine High School , but very few people remember a mass murder just five months after Columbine, when a man with a semiautomatic handgun opened fire on congregants praying in a Baptist church in Fort Worth . Eight people died, including the gunman, who shot himself.
Photo
A little more than a year before the Columbine killings, two boys with high-powered rifles killed a teacher and four little girls at a school in Jonesboro, Ark. That's not widely remembered either. When something is as pervasive as gun violence in the U.S., which is as common as baseball in the summertime, it's very hard for individual cases to remain in the public mind.
Homicides are only a part of the story.
While more than 12,000 people are murdered with guns annually, the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence (using the latest available data) tells us that more than 30,000 people are killed over the course of one typical year by guns. That includes 17,000 who commit suicide , nearly 800 who are killed in accidental shootings and more than 300 killed by the police. (In many of the law enforcement shootings, the police officers are reacting to people armed with guns).
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
And then there are the people who are shot but don't die. Nearly 70,000 fall into that category in a typical year, including 48,000 who are criminally attacked, 4,200 who survive a suicide attempt, more than 15,000 who are shot accidentally, and more than 1,000 — many with a gun in possession — who are shot by the police.
The medical cost of treating gunshot wounds in the U.S. is estimated to be well more than $2 billion annually. And the Violence Policy Center, a gun control advocacy group, has noted that nonfatal gunshot wounds are the leading cause of uninsured hospital stays.
The toll on children and teenagers is particularly heartbreaking. According to the Brady Campaign, more than 3,000 kids are shot to death in a typical year. More than 1,900 are murdered, more than 800 commit suicide, about 170 are killed accidentally and 20 or so are killed by the police.
Another 17,000 are shot but survive.
I remember writing from Chicago two years ago about the nearly three dozen public school youngsters who were shot to death in a variety of circumstances around the city over the course of just one school year. Arne Duncan , who was then the chief of the Chicago schools and is now the U.S. secretary of education, said to me at the time: “That's more than a kid every two weeks. Think about that.”
Actually, that's our problem. We don't really think about it. If the crime is horrible enough, we'll go through the motions of public anguish but we never really do anything about it. Americans are as blasé as can be about this relentless slaughter that keeps the culture soaked in blood.
This blasé attitude, this willful refusal to acknowledge the scope of the horror, leaves the gun nuts free to press their crazy case for more and more guns in ever more hands. They're committed to keeping the killing easy, and we should be committed for not stopping them.
Rhythm Heaven Fever continues to spread, and has now overtaken Valve's Gabe Newell, the King of Hyrule from the Zelda CDi games, and Applebooty Sugarbottom (or whatever her name is) from My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic.
Yes Bronies, I know I should have done my MLP:FiM research before writing about a character from your favorite show of all time, but no matter what that pony's name is in real life, chances are I wouldn't enjoy typing it as much as I enjoyed typing "Applebooty Sugarbottom." No disrespect intended! Feel free to call me Applebooty Sugarbottom anytime you want. I think it sounds cute.
For those of you new to the whole Rhythm Heaven Fever wrestler video sensation, here is a quick breakdown. First the original Wrestler interview game was shown to the world, and it was awesome. Then someone remade the video with a sexy man. Then McFlyGold remade the video with me in it. Then Camacho, a Japanese man who likes energy drinks, the Team Fortress 2 gang, and many more got into the act.
Personally, I'm still partial to the sexy original, though I still believe that there is still plenty of potential left to be explored in this still developing genre of short film. Do you have what it takes to make the best Rhythm Heaven Wrestler video EVER?!!?!?
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Sep 27, 2013; St. Louis, MO, USA; Minnesota Wild goalie Johan Gustafsson (31) makes a save during the third period against the St. Louis Blues at Scottrade Center. The Blues won 4-1. Mandatory Credit: Jasen Vinlove-USA TODAY Sports
I absolutely love goalie masks. Nowhere else in pro sports is there an opportunity for an athlete to wear a glorious piece of self-expression. Have you ever seen a terrible bucket? Me either.
Joining the ranks of Niklas Backstrom and former AHL teammate Darcy Kuemper; Iowa Wild netminder Johan Gustafsson has a fantastic new mask from David Gunnarsson of Daveart. Gustafsson's mask is called “Into the Wild.” Let's have a look, courtesy of the Daveart instagram page:
A photo posted by David Gunnarsson (@davidofdaveart) on Dec 12, 2014 at 1:06pm PST
As you can see, Gustafsson's mask features a primarily green base with the Wild logo on either side of a white cage. Gustafsson's number, 31, occupies the chin plate.
A photo posted by David Gunnarsson (@davidofdaveart) on Dec 12, 2014 at 1:53pm PST
On top of the mask is a Fir tree that seems to rise from the cage and divide the mask in half. Holographic wordmarks, a cornerstone of Gunnarsson's masks, can be seen on either side of the tree. Also featured along the top of the mask is a penguin, a common theme seen in Gustafsson's previous masks.
Gustafsson joins the ranks of many NHL goaltenders that use Vrigstad, Sweden based Gunnarsson for their masks. You can see the work he did on Kuemper's mask HERE and on Backstrom's mask HERE. The Prolific Gunnarsson also paints masks for goaltenders around the world.
Now in his second season with the Iowa Wild, the 22-year-old Gustafsson is off to a rocky start behind an Iowa Wild team that's last in the AHL. Through 14 games, the Swedish standout is 4-9-0 with a 3.53 GAA and 0.890 save percentage. Gustafsson was briefly sent to the Alaska Aces last week, but has since been recalled to Iowa. The Wild's 6th round pick (159th overall) in the 2010 NHL entry draft, Gustafsson has shown promise in the Swedish Hockey League where he posted a stunning 1.70 GAA and 0.933 save percentage in 33 games with Luleå HF in 2012-2013.
Which netminder has your favorite mask? Let us know in the comments below!
Don't forget to give our friend Mr. Gunnarsson a follow on instagram for the latest goalie masks from around the world.
TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie and the state Republican Party will repay the state for two trips on a State Police helicopter to get to his son's baseball games.
The most recent ride, on Tuesday, drew national widespread criticism from those who questioned the governor's use of helicopter when he flew from downtown Trenton to Montvale, in Bergen County, to watch his son Andrew play baseball, and then to Princeton, where he met with a group of wealthy Republican donors from Iowa who traveled to New Jersey to try to persuade Christie to run for president in 2012.
The Republican State Committee has paid $1,232.29 for the flight from the Tuesday baseball game to Princeton, the Republican State Committee said today.
"The check has already been delivered," said party spokesman Rick Gorka.
Michael Drewniak, a spokesman for the governor, said Christie is reimbursing the state $1,232.30 for the flight to the game.
In addition, Christie is also paying $919.20 for a flight on Friday to see his son play in another baseball game. That flight was not previously disclosed.
"Though the superintendent of the State Police noted yesterday the travel does not cost taxpayers additional dollars, the governor understands the sensitivity about this kind of thing and believes he owes it to the public to ensure that this is not a distraction," Drewniak said in a statement.
He arrived by helicopter at that game, held in Morris Township, at about 4:30 p.m., according to sources there who requested anonymity because of the tight-knit nature of the school community.
Christie's office said Wednesday that he wouldn't repay the state for the cost of the $2,500-an-hour Tuesday flight. State Police said the flights did not cost the state anything extra because they were part of required training for pilots.
POLITICAL TURBULENCE
Helicopters have been a recipe for political controversy, and governors have often faced criticism for their high-flying ways despite perennial calls for reform. Gov. Tom Kean, Republican:
He bought a $4.7 million executive helicopter in 1985, then logged 1,039 flights in his second four-year term. His administration fought a failed legal battle to keep the flight logs secret. Gov. Jim Florio, Democrat:
He made a show of selling two helicopters, saying his administration isn't about "flying first class." But he flew the most, with 2,319 flights in his only term. Gov. Christie Whitman, Republican:
She reneged on her promise to sell the helicopter after blasting Florio during her campaign. Instead she wound up in hot water for flying to a hockey game. Gov. Donald DiFrancesco, Republican:
He didn't catch flak for helicopter flights during his year in office after Whitman joined the second Bush administration. Gov. James E. McGreevey, Democrat:
He slashed his flying after facing criticism for 277 trips his first year. The Democratic State Committee ended up reimbursing the state $18,200 for 14 political trips that year. Gov. Richard Codey, Democrat:
As far as helicopters are concerned, he emerged unscathed from his 14 months in office. Gov. Jon Corzine, Democrat:
Thanks to his personal wealth, Corzine was able to contract with a private helicopter service for political and personal trips. He started flying more after a near-fatal highway accident.
Democrats have sharply criticized the governor, saying he was misusing the helicopter for personal and political purposes.
Sen. Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen) appeared on a left-leaning MSNBC talk show Wednesday night to say the trip showed "a certain arrogance."
"I'd like to see the governor, for once, stand up and say, 'You know what, I made a mistake,'" she said on The Ed Show. "And I'm assuming that he will reimburse the state of New Jersey."
"The governor does not reimburse for security and travel," a spokesman for the governor, Kevin Roberts, said in an e-mail. "The use of air travel has been extremely limited and appropriate."
Assemblyman John Wisniewski (D-Middlesex), chairman of the state party, said Christie "crossed the line" by taking the helicopter. And Assemblywoman Joan Quigley (D-Bergen) said his trip was "an outright abuse of taxpayer dollars."
"I'm sure every resident of this state would love to have access to these helicopters when they're stuck in traffic on the Turnpike or Parkway and missing an important appointment," she said. "Sadly, we don't all have that luxury."
Assemblyman Alex DeCroce (R-Morris), the Republican leader in the Assembly, said Democrats were simply trying to score political reports.
"I think the public wants to see tax reform, health reform and pension reform," he said. "As much as they may want to make a big deal over the helicopter thing, that's not what they want to see."
Christie's office also released new and revised details on his helicopter flights today. He has logged 33 trips since his inauguration last year, fewer than previous governors. That includes flights to town hall meetings, a tour of flooded areas in Passaic County and a charity event at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald, where his wife works.
Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno took one flight on her own, and the governor's staff used a helicopter another day.
"It is a means of transportation that is occasionally used as the schedule demands. This has historically been the case in prior administrations as well, and we continue to be judicious in limiting its use," said Christie's spokesman Michael Drewniak in an email on Tuesday.
38 Galleries: Gov. Chris Christie takes state police helicopter to son's baseball game
Staff writers Megan DeMarco and Chris Megerian contributed to this report.
Previous coverage:
• Gov. Christie helicopter ride has Assemblywoman calling for hearing
• Christie refuses to reimburse N.J. for traveling by helicopter to see son's baseball game
• Gov. Christie's helicopter rides raise ire of Democratic lawmaker
• Gov. Christie arrives at son's high school baseball game in State Police helicopter
• Poll: Was it inappropriate for Gov. Christie to take a helicopter to his son's baseball game?
• Your comments: Gov. Christie takes state helicopter to son's H.S. baseball game
" " The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists unveil the 2018 'Doomsday Clock' Jan. 25, 2018 in Washington, D.C. Citing growing nuclear risks and unchecked climate dangers, the group moved the clock to two minutes before midnight. Win McNamee/Getty Images
In a purely symbolic, but still unsettling move, the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists again moved the second hand on its Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to the end of times. As of Jan. 25, 2018, the clock now reads 11:58. The 71-year-old Doomsday Clock, which was founded in 1947 by University of Chicago scientists who worked on the Manhattan Project, is known globally as a gauge of how close the world could be to the apocalypse.
"Because of the extraordinary danger of the current moment, the Science and Security Board today moves the minute hand of the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to catastrophe. It is now two minutes to midnight — the closest the Clock has ever been to Doomsday, and as close as it was in 1953, at the height of the Cold War," Rachel Bronson, Ph.D., president and CEO of The Bulletin of Atomic Scientists said in a statement.
The last time the clock was this close to midnight and global disaster was after both the United States and Soviet Union tested hydrogen bombs and were engaged in a nuclear arms race. From 2015 to 2016, the minute hand stayed at three minutes before midnight, the closest it had been through the early '80s. In 2017, however, the BAS moved the second hand forward 30 seconds to 11:57 and 30 seconds. That is until now.
In a statement, the independent nonprofit group cited growing nuclear risks and unchecked climate dangers as factors in its conclusion to move the clock forward:
"In 2017, world leaders failed to respond effectively to the looming threats of nuclear war and climate change, making the world security situation more dangerous than it was a year ago — and as dangerous as it has been since World War II. The greatest risks last year arose in the nuclear realm. North Korea's nuclear weapons program appeared to make remarkable progress in 2017, increasing risks for itself, other countries in the region, and the United States. Hyperbolic rhetoric and provocative actions on both sides have increased the possibility of nuclear war by accident or miscalculation ... On the climate change front, the danger may seem less immediate, but avoiding catastrophic temperature increases in the long run requires urgent attention now ... The nations of the world will have to significantly decrease their greenhouse gas emissions to keep climate risks manageable, and so far, the global response has fallen far short of meeting this challenge."
BAS also said the decline of U.S. leadership and a related demise of diplomacy under the Trump Administration, as well as concerns about South China Sea tensions, escalating rhetoric between Pakistan and India and uncertainty about U.S. support for the Iran nuclear deal, as contributing to the risks of nuclear and non-nuclear clashes around the globe.
"... There has also been a breakdown in the international order that has been dangerously exacerbated by recent U.S. actions. In 2017, the United States backed away from its longstanding leadership role in the world, reducing its commitment to seek common ground and undermining the overall effort toward solving pressing global governance challenges. Neither allies nor adversaries have been able to reliably predict U.S. actions or understand when U.S. pronouncements are real, and when they are mere rhetoric. International diplomacy has been reduced to name-calling, giving it a surrealistic sense of unreality that makes the world security situation ever more threatening ... Last year, and the year before, we warned that world leaders were failing to act with the speed and on the scale required to protect citizens from the extreme danger posed by climate change and nuclear war."
Since the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, which currently boasts 15 Nobel laureates among its leaders, was founded, it has moved the hand on the clock more than 20 times. Each move symbolizes the group's current analysis of the world's chances of survival in the face of political, environmental and technological developments. The most notable factors to the keepers of the clock are the state of nuclear affairs and global climate change.
Farthest the clock has been away from midnight was in 1991, at the end of the Cold War, when the clock was set at 17 minutes to midnight.
But all is not lost. See The Bulletin of Atomic Scientists' website to read about some of the BAS-recommended changes the world must make to move the Doomsday Clock back.
Related HowStuffWorks Articles
Sources
“I'm proud of what they've done. I believe they've done honour to my parents.” David Mirvish
For too many developers, the legacy that matters most is the one that's counted in dollars.
An artist's rendering of Westbank's plan for the Honest Ed's site and Mirvish Village. Honest Ed's was opened in 1948 at Bloor and Bathurst Sts., by owner, and namesake, Ed Mirvish. ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star file photo ) A variety of styles and materials are proposed for 40 structures suggested for the site. David Mirvish with father Ed, in the Royal Alexandra Theatre, in 1993. ( Toronto Star file photo )
For David Mirvish, impresario, art collector, city-builder and accidental developer, the legacy that counts is the one that comes with being the son of “Honest” Ed Mirvish, easily the city's most beloved retailer. Aside from keeping locals entertained for decades with his publicity stunts, in the 1960s Ed Mirvish single-handedly saved the Royal Alexandra Theatre from demolition. In so doing, he struck a huge blow for the city's cultural life and laid the groundwork for what's now the Entertainment District. The younger Mirvish's commitment to his family's civic history is most obvious, perhaps, in the elaborate project now being planned for King and John Sts. Designed by one of the world's most sought-after architects, Frank Gehry, the two-towered scheme will include condos, an art gallery, an Ontario College of Art and Design University satellite facility, and several floors of shops and restaurants.
Article Continued Below
Nothing like it has ever been seen in Toronto. Easily the most ambitious development proposal in this city since the Toronto-Dominion Centre in the 1950s, it will become one of those rare structures that define a community. But then there's Honest Ed's itself, the store, at Bloor and Bathurst Sts. It will eventually be torn down to make way for a mixed-use complex so enlightened that people — and neighbours — actually like the proposed development. In a city awash in NIMBY-fuelled fear of change, such a positive response is rare, if not unique. Though no one has mentioned it, the developer who bought the 1.8-hectare site, Vancouver's Westbank, was chosen from a number of potential buyers. After all, not often does a large property such as this come up for sale. Sitting on one of the city's busiest corners, served by subway and streetcar, it is close to everything. The choice of buyer was Mirvish's to make. “I knew the rest of the buyers were big-box builders,” he says. “But I really did think Westbank was different. They took the time to figure it out. Their plan has an enormous amount of variety. It shows great commitment to the city. “They've consulted with everyone,” Mirvish continues. “It preserves small and independent retailers and pedestrian access. I have nothing but praise for them.
“I'm proud of what they've done. I believe they've done honour to my parents.”
Article Continued Below
What makes this proposal so completely different from the usual developer fare is that it takes its cues from the urban context — not just economic necessity. This is a densely populated part of town characterized by a diverse building stock. Partly highrise, partly lowrise, residential and commercial, the Bloor and Bathurst nieghbourhood is a place people live, work, eat and shop. It is an urban village but connected to the core and open to everyone. It is specific and generic at the same time. It's clear Westbank has taken this mix of uses, sizes, scales and building types to heart. It is their starting point, their Alpha and Omega. The intention is to recreate the look of a neighbourhood that grew up over decades and has witnessed many different approaches. The design will be handled by Gregory Henriquez, of Vancouver. His challenge will be to avoid the monotony and deadly sterility of the mega-project, of traditional urban renewal. That means using various architectural styles and materials. Some buildings are steel and glass; others are more traditional with brick walls and pitched roofs. Three highrises — 29, 22 and 21 storeys — are included, the tallest to occupy the corner of Bloor and Bathurst Sts., an anchor. In all, 40 structures will be built, many lowrise. Several laneways will bisect the site and provide access to stores, housing and a covered market in the centre of the site. Most surprising of all, however, is the fact there will be no condos, only rental apartments, about 1,000; half of them with two, three or four bedrooms. The message is simple; families are welcome. Let's not forget: Honest Ed's by any other name is a big-box store, one of the first and decidedly more authentic than those that followed. But where there was one very large discount store, now there are hundreds and hundreds. Torontonians will be sad to see the place close (in 2016)., which may account for the interest in the neon signage that has illuminated the corner since 1983. Honest Ed's was always more than a discount outlet; it played a role in the lives of countless Torontonians. Those days are gone and the store will follow soon enough. But if ever a development story had a happy ending, this is it. Or should that be beginning?
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Claudio Ranieri expects to complete a £10million deal for Chelsea striker Loic Remy.
Leicester boss Ranieri believes he has beaten off competition to land the France international forward who is surplus to requirements at Stamford Bridge.
Remy, 29, wants to quit Chelsea to get more regular football ahead of Euro 2016 this summer as he looks to guarantee a place in the France squad.
Newcastle were also keen on taking Remy back to St James's Park where he was a big hit.
(Image: Plumb Images)
But it looks as if Leicester have got their man with Chelsea causing a surprise by allowing him to go because they are short of striker options even after signing Alexandre Pato.
And Foxes manager Ranieri is also hoping to rush through a £2m deal for Bordeaux defender Clement Chantome.
Centre-half Chantome, 28, is out of contract in the summer, Bordeaux do not want to sell but Leicester hope they will cash in now rather than lose him for free.
Technology is a funny thing. You get the latest iPhone, drive home with it, and by the time it's activated they're already announcing the next one. In the office however, things seem to move a little bit slower. While it's occasionally okay to be a step behind other industries, outdated technology can definitely affect your business. Here are a few reasons it may be time to update the tech in your office.
It's moving waaaaay toooooo slooooooow: It's awful when things lag. When it takes forever for your computer to respond to a command, it can be terribly frustrating. Whether it's a software or hardware issue, if it's becoming stressful for your team to use their equipment, it may be time to upgrade. Periodically ask your staff how things are running and start researching new products if necessary.
It's no longer safe: Old tech can still be productive as long as it's running smoothly, but that doesn't make it hacker-proof. Older systems are more vulnerable to being hacked (because hackers have had more time to figure out how to access them), so you may want to prescribe to the “out with the old, in with the new” way of thinking.
Increase member satisfaction: Even if your staff is getting by with outdated technology, are you really able to give your members everything they need? By making advancements in financial technology available to your members, it will allow you to provide them with the products and services they desire and allow you to improve your bottom line.
Beach House are currently on tour behind last year's albums Depression Cherry and Thank Your Lucky Stars. Last month, Victoria Legrand and Alex Scally played a series of intimate shows at art galleries, community centers, and other small venues, billed as "installations." Today, they've announced a second round of the shows. Later this month and in early May, Beach House will hit up major cities along the West Coast. (Each venue will be announced one to two days before the show takes place.) As with the last round of "installations," they'll be performing a set featuring songs from their self-titled debut, Devotion, and Thank Your Lucky Stars inside an art installation of their own creation. Find a full list of cities here, and check out the tour schedule below.
Beach House will play this year's Pitchfork Music Festival. Read our feature on the band.
Beach House:
04-09 Dallas, TX - Bomb Factory
04-10 Austin, TX - TBA ^
04-11 Austin, TX - ACL Live at Moody Theatre
04-13 El Paso, TX - Tricky Falls
04-14 Tempe, AZ - Marquee Theatre
04-17 Indio, CA - Coachella
04-19 Pioneertown, CA - Pappy & Harriet's *
04-20 San Pedro, CA - Warner Grand Theatre
04-21 Los Angeles, CA - TBA ^
04-24 Indio, CA - Coachella
04-26 San Francisco, CA - TBA ^
04-28 Portland, OR - Crystal Ballroom
04-29 Portland, OR - TBA ^
04-30 Vancouver, British Columbia - The Vogue
05-03 Seattle, WA - TBA ^
05-04 Seattle, WA - The Paramount
06-01 Bordeaux, France - Theatre Barbey
06-03 Barcelona, Spain - Primavera Sound
06-05 Nimes, France - This Is Not a Love Song
06-06 Nantes, France - Stereolux
06-07 Toulouse, France - Bikini
06-10 Porto, Portugal - Primavera Sound
06-12 London, England - Victoria Park
06-13 Bexhill, England - De La Warr Pavilion
06-14 Paris, France - Casino de Paris
06-17 Hilvarenbeek, Netherlands - Best Kept Secret
06-18 Aarhus, Denmark - Northside
07-15 Chicago, IL - Pitchfork Music Festival
08-05-07 Happy Valley, OR - Pickathon
08-12-13 Eau Claire, WI - Eaux Claires Music Festival
08-27-28 Los Angeles, CA - FYF Festival
^ Installation Show
with J. Mascis
Watch Beach House perform at Pitchfork Music Festival Paris 2015:
The U.S. Food and Drug administration is considering a plan in which millions of genetically modified mosquitoes would be set loose in the Florida Keys as a way to combat the spread of tropical diseases.
Top image: A modified Aedes aegypti mosquito (Oxitec).
As the climate warms, tropical diseases like Dengue and Chikungunya are starting to make their way northwards to the continental United States. These two diseases in particular are spread by the Aedes aegypti mosquito, leading British biotech firm Oxitec to propose a plan in which "autocidal" GMO mosquitoes would be released in the Florida Keys. In theory, these modified mosquitoes would work to reduce the population. To date, no GMO insects have ever been released in residential areas.
Advertisement
As the Associated Press reports:
[Oxitec] patented a method of breeding Aedes aegypti with fragments of proteins from the herpes simplex virus and E. coli bacteria as well as genes from coral and cabbage. This synthetic DNA has been used in thousands of experiments without harming lab animals, but it is fatal to the bugs, killing mosquito larvae before they can fly or bite. Oxitec's lab workers manually remove modified females, aiming to release only males, which feed on nectar and don't bite for blood like females do. The modified males then mate with wild females whose offspring die, reducing the population. Oxitec has built a breeding lab in Marathon and hopes to release its mosquitoes this spring in Key Haven, a neighborhood of 444 homes closely clustered on a relatively isolated peninsula at the north end of Key West.
Advertisement
According to the FDA, no field tests will be permitted until it's had time to "thoroughly [review] all the necessary information."
Amongst the many concerns (like unanticipated downstream ecological effects), some people are worried that genetically modified DNA might get into humans after being bitten. It's a fear that some outside observers say hasn't been proven one way or another, even though Oxitec claims it isn't possible. The AP spoke to Guy Reeves of Germany's Max Planck Institute, who says the biotech firm needs to show that synthetic DNA causes no harm if and when it's transferred into humans by the mutated mosquitoes.
It's also important to note that back in 2012 Oxitec unilaterally released 3.3 million GMO mosquitoes in the Caymen Islands over a period of six months. The firm says it resulted in the suppression of 96% of Aedes aegypti. Another test in Brazil likewise produced beneficial results.
Advertisement
Oxitec is clearly onto something, but it's fair to say that people are worried. The claim that Oxitec did not get informed consent, however, or did not conduct the necessary testing, has been leveled by critics unsatisfied with the past actions of regulatory bodies. For instance, the BBC has reported that
we found that Oxitec's technology and methodology were reviewed and approved by independent regulatory authorities in each of the countries in which releases have taken place. We also found that in the initial Brazilian trial community members were asked to approve the project and also to allow project staff to enter their homes to survey for mosquitoes: there was 100% participation.
Advertisement
Given the sensitive nature of the issue, it's easy to understand why there's controversy and even confusion as to what constituted "proper" informed consent or sufficient testing. Given all concerns — even those that are unfounded — it's quite likely the FDA won't allow this. At least not yet.
*NOTE: This article was modified on 01/27/15 to clarify the concern about the Oxitec tests and the claim that modified DNA is transmissible via bites, and to remove the claim that further human health studies are required.
There's much more to this developing story at the AP.
The great economist Joseph Schumpeter coined the term “creative destruction” to describe the process by which innovation (which might be technological or organizational—the latter illustrated by the invention of the supermarket) promotes economic growth and welfare but at the cost of wiping out existing economic practices or institutions. He thought the process of creative destruction a more important factor in promoting economic welfare than reducing the costs of existing production or improving existing products.
We are seeing creative destruction at work in the information sector because of the digital revolution, which among its other effects has had destructive effects on bookstores and libraries, particularly college and university libraries, now largely unused by students. Amazon is basically a warehousing, order-fulfilling, and delivery agency for books and other consumer products, but the secret of its extraordinary success is that it saves the consumer the bother of going to a bookstore, where he might be quite likely not to find what he's looking for. The bookstore retains only one advantage: browsing is easier in a bookstore than online, although that advantage will diminish as artificial intelligence, which enables Amazon to recommend books to a shopper that the particular shopper might be interested in buying, improves, as it is bound to do.
Although Amazon has been devastating for the bookstore industry as a whole, as illustrated by the bankruptcy of Borders, it actually benefits bookstores that specialize in selling out of print books, by marketing the books sold by those bookstores to its customers. But such bookstores account for only a small volume of total book sales.
The Amazon business model, though revolutionary, is visibly in the line of descent from mail-order businesses such as Sears Roebuck. It is a system for the efficient distribution of existiing products. The e-book is a new product in one sense, though in another sense it is merely a new channel for distributing the content of books. It is not yet apparent what advantages e-books have over print books except for travelers, other than easier ordering and faster delivery even of printed books from Amazon.
Another new product that is also a new channel of distribution is a digitized version of a book that can be read online. This is what has emptied the college and university libraries of their students. Even though copyrighted books are not available in their entirety online, enough such books, along with books that are out of copyright and virtually all academic articles and much other research material as well, are accessible to students online to make a trip to the library unnecessary, except for socializing.
We should consider the effect of these revolutionary developments on publishers and especially authors, since the latter are the ultimate creators of the consumption value of books. An improvement in distribution reduces the quality-adjusted cost of the product being distributed, and so should benefit the producer, in this case a combination of the author and the publisher. Amazon, however, appears to have monopsonistic power in the book market, enabling it to capture much of the cost saving from improved distribution. The output of books has not increased during the digital revolution, though this may be due largely to the rise of competing media, fostered by the digital revolution—the enormous variety of information and entertainment, unrelated to books, now available online.
The principal threat that the digital revolution poses to publishers and authors is that or widespread piracy, in violation of copyright law. With the cost of copying and of distributing copied materials having plummeted as a result of the digital revolution, the cost of preventing unauthorized copying and distribution of copied materials has soared. Not that piracy is entirely a bad thing from an author's or publisher's perspective, as it is a kind of advertising—like giving away free samples of a new candy or perfume to excite consumer interest. But if extensive, piracy can substantially diminish an author's earnings.
The importance of copyright, and hence the negative consequences of piracy for the creation of new works, are, however, often exaggerated. Most of the world's great literature was written before the first copyright statute, the Statute of Ann, enacted in 1710. Patronage is an age-old method of remunerating authors, alternative to royalties, and continues to be important: creative writers are hired by colleges, paid by foundations, lecture for money, and sometimes license their work for performance in another medium, such as film or television. Academic publication is largely a patronage system; academics are paid to publish (“public or perish”). And much creative writing is done not for money but out of a compulsion to write and to be read.
Copyright law needs to be adapted to the online revolution in distribution. All the books ever published in the world could be digitized—Google has gone far in that direction—and downloaded at no cost. Instead of copyright fees negotiated between author and publisher and therefore dependent on restricting access to the work (and so Google cannot allow access to entire copyrighted works in its vast digital library except to the limited extent permitted by the doctrine of “fair use” or by negotiation with the owners of the copyrights on those works for a copyright license), there could be a modest uniform fee imposed whenever someone, whether a consumer or an e-book publisher, downloaded a book from the Internet. A modest fee would discourage piracy, since piracy requires some technical sophistication and thus is not costless. Printed books would still be bought because most people do not want to read books just online or in an e-book.
The standard analysis of the optimal scope of copyright protection holds that it requires a balancing between access (to copyright works) and the incentive to create the works in the first place. But the analysis is incomplete. Access, in a broad sense that allows for copying and not just reading, promotes creativity, because most creative works build on previous works, often improving them by modifications that may be insufficient to avoid liability for copyright infringement. (Think of how Milton's Paradise Lost builds on the Adam and Eve story in Genesis.) Obtaining permission to incorporate copyrighted material in a new work can be time consuming, and in the end frustrated by bilateral monopoly problems. And, because copyright terms are now so long (normally 75 years from the death of the author, which may be a century or more after the work was created), it is sometimes impossible to obtain permission to reprint a copyrighted work, simply because the current owner of the copyright cannot be identified.
So, were Google permitted to provide complete online access to all the world's books, in their entirety, the gain in access might more than offset the loss in authors' royalties.
IT'S ONLY Round 1 and it was only four premiership points but it might as well have been a final and Port Adelaide will be shattered at letting it slip to Fremantle.
Without their ruckman, with five players having barely played all pre-season and facing a brutal opening month which includes playing both last year's grand finalists, the Power almost pinched a win in Perth first-up.
They had their chances but three-and-a-half quarters of hard work came undone in two minutes in the final term when a crucial turnover and clumsy free kick allowed the Dockers back-to-back goals and a seven-point victory.
The game was played at breakneck speed and for the most part, Port Adelaide's set the pace.
Their pressure was manic and tackling ruthless which appears the latest weapon in their arsenal.
The Power had 32-11 tackles in the first half and finished with 73-41 led superbly by Robbie Gray, Ollie Wines and Paddy Ryder.
Wines in particular made two huge tackles in the second half and coolly slotted two goals in a brilliant performance.
Without a typically dominant performance from Travis Boak - who had to contend with Clancee Pearce as the tag for most of the night - or Robbie Gray, Port's attack came from half back.
Jack Hombsch, Tom Jonas, Jarman Impey, Jasper Pittard, Jackson Trengove and even Alipate Carlile turned defence into attack.
Carlile did a good job on Matthew Pavlich but when he was subbed out the Fremantle skipper turned match-winner with two final term goals while at the other end Port's talls didn't have the same impact.
Impey was outstanding on Hayden Ballantyne keeping him to one goal for the match and Kane Cornes blanketed Stephen Hill for most of the match.
Much of the pre-game focus was on Paddy Ryder's debut for Port Adelaide and it took a twist before the first bounce when Matthew Lobbe pulled out with a sore quad.
After a mostly underwhelming first half, Ryder came to live in the third quarter.
At one point he stood his ground, drew heavy contact from Lee Spurr but recovered, won the footy at ground level and got it to Chad Wingard who kicked the goal.
Ryder finished with 12 disposals but best to judge him when Lobbe is back in the side and after at least a month of footy with his new team.
A key to Port Adelaide's game knew when to attack and when to be patient.
If an option wasn't on they were prepared to back their field kicking and chip it around but if there was half a chance they were in position they played on without hesitation.
Wines' bullocking work combined with Matthew Broadbent, Jared Polec and Brad Ebert's run and creativity was a highlight, and Gray stood up in a frantic final term.
But they struggled to break through Fremantle's defence. Port had three talls in John Butcher, Jay Schulz and Justin Westhoff but they kicked only two goals between them while Pavlich was the difference at the other end.
Nat Fyfe also gave Port plenty of headaches with a strong body around the stoppages then a marking option up forward.
FREMANTLE 11.9 (75)
PORT ADELAIDE 10.8 (68)
BEST - Fremantle: Fyfe, Pavlich, D. Pearce, Spurr, McPharlin, Mundy. Port Adelaide: Wines, Trengove, Ebert, Impey, Polec, Gray.
GOALS - Port Adelaide: Wines, Wingard 2, Butcher, White, Neade, Ebert, Schulz, Boak. Fremantle: Pavlich 4, D. Pearce, Ballantyne 2, Walters, Fyfe, Neale.
UMPIRES - N. Foot, D. Margetts, S, Meredith.
CROWD - 34,099 at Subiaco Oval.
Never Give Up
Life can be very challenging at times, following our move to the UK from tropical climes we have had to to face up to higher prices and colder weather. Lucky for us this winter has been milder than normal. We realised from the start that we needed extra income. Jasmin my wife found some cleaning jobs to build an additional income stream , however it was at a cost. Lots of driving early morning and late nights for minimum wages. I spent six months applying for many jobs, filling in many forms and hearing nothing. What has happened to the country, it does not take much effort to send out a reply say sorry you have not been successful in this technological age.
The next problem is the zero contract hours usually run by agencies where you are registered on the books of an agency, you then rely on the agency to find you work. Both my wife and myself spent a few hundred pounds getting certified documentation such as Disclosure and Barring Services (DBS) checks for working with vulnerable people. Jasmin attended a week of care work training at her own expense and then never heard any thing more. My own teaching agency rarely contacts me and has never offered me work.
No replies to job applications are one thing but, if you are lucky enough to be selected for interview there are employers who still fail to advise you if you are unsuccessful.
With this kind of scenarios it is no wonder that people become disolutioned.
As last year drew to a close, we took stock of our situation and wrote out our new year resolution, publishing on a group page for anyone to see, this simple action help focussing on goals and from time to down when spirits are low, we have found it refocussed our minds and effort.
I decided that in view of the poor response to job applications, due possibly to my age, although Agism is banned in the UK, I would stop applying for jobs and would instead concentrate on building my own online business with MarketHive at the end of February.
The middle of February approached and my thoughts and actions started to change as I prepared to return to full-time online marketing and then the breakthrough on 17th February:-
Do you feel as strongly as we do about living life adventurously? Then Go Ape could be for you!
I Just love adventure it has been in my blood for the past 15 years and is the reason I took early retirement and became an adventure racer!, my last job in my favoured sport was teaching sailing 8 months previously and this one although land based offered the chance to help people to enjoy outdoor challenges in safety.
This is my calling, my prayers have been answered.
Four days later I was requested to attend an interview/practical assessment. 7 fellow applicants on the half day assessment aged 17-30 all younger than my own children.
To start off we had to introduce ourselves speaking for two minutes and I was surprised that most found this hard, this was where their age was against them. As I got onto adventure racing, I asked them to stop me when they had heard enough.
We split into two groups for a team task, the result was our group would probably survive the other would probable not survive
The stakes were high on the physical test a climb UP a zipline, I was in the last two the youngest and the oldest, all our predecessors had completed the task. Being the gentleman I took the the slightly higher line which reduced my starting run up and we were off. My feet left the ground early and as the momentum from my run slowed it was hand over hand with my arms keeping a steady rhythm I pulled past the girl and as angel steepened approach the landing platform arms started to fail, I turn around to see if going forward was better, not really so turned backwards once again, so near I am not giving up, Stop hold on rest a little regain composure, climb again, burn in arms platform there, not quite last effort. Clip on safety lines . Success. The final task disconnects the pulley system, now the higher line presented a problem as I was already standing on tip tow and needed to jump to be able to release the karibeener. A few attempts were required with a little help from an instructor, a bang in the face, I was off. Time to encourage the girl who was now on the steepest part and was stalled ready to give up and no amount of encouragement would change her mind she gave up and returned down the zip. Final task attach to zip line and return to start, pleased to complete in style landing on my feet.
Final task one on one interview, felt confident, a very good company to work for even thuogh I had never heard of them
Was a little surprised but happy the following day to be accepted, and immediately set about raising my fitness level after an inactive winter.
This is why I will never give up
be prepared to do whatever it takes and more
David Ogden
Helping people to help themselves
Secure multiparty computation (MPC) has been extensively researched during the past 30 years as it can theoretically provide limitless computational power. The rise of bitcoin and the blockchain technology, during the recent few years, have created new possibilities that can revolutionize MPC.
Inspired by bitcoin, a group of researchers published a thesis that focused on the formulation of a secure MPC platform that relies on the blockchain technology to promote security, efficiency and scalability. Just like bitcoin entirely changed the concept of distributed consensus, the thesis aimed at taking secure MPC from theory to the realm of practice. The thesis offers a model of secure computation within an environment comprised of rational players.
Overview of the Proposed Decentralized MPC Protocol:
The proposed framework represents a decentralized cloud based system that promotes the integrity and privacy of the data it handles. The framework offers outsourcing of computational power while promoting both the security of the handled data and correctness of the output of the computation process. A key feature in the framework is that enables the owner of the handled data to select who can query it. This guarantees that the owner can have full control over who can query his/her data; in such manner, the approved players, who are called “services”, will only learn the output, and the raw data input will not be revealed to them. Given that all computation processes take place under the umbrella of the secure MPC protocol, no other player on the platform will learn anything else.
The system includes three forms of entities and each one of those entities can have more than one role:
– Owners: are players who share their data on the cloud platform seeking outsourced computation power. Owners are the only players who can select who can query their data.
– Services: are players who, when approved, can query the data from owners, seeking outsourced computation power, without learning anything but the results of the data they query
– Parties: are players forming nodes across the platform to outsource their computation power and storage space in exchange for rewards in the form of bitcoin.
Note: Owners are described as input parties, while services are described as output parties and both of them are referred to as “clients”.
Owners and services are players on the system who interact with parties via the platform's cloud. Practically speaking, parties represent the nodes that technically comprise the platform's cloud and somehow act like physical servers. However, unlike a conventional cloud where the servers are centrally owned and controlled, the platform is decentralized. Another way to better understand computing parties is to think of them as bitcoin miners, who offer their machines' processing power in exchange for cryptocurrency rewards.
An essential additional party of the proposed MPC system is bitcoin's blockchain. Although bitcoin's blockchain is a decentralized entity by its own, the MPC system utilizes it as a single party that offers correctness, cryptocurrency rewards and a synchronized global clock.
Figure 1 illustrates how the system functions. Figure 1a shows how each one of the three entities “sees” the system. In the first sub-figure, computing parties become part of the system by registering on the blockchain and connecting to earlier registered parties to form a decentralized cloud. All parties are required to have an amount of bitcoin that can be locked away by the system, as a security deposit amount, that can be used as a compensation whenever dishonest behavior takes place. Generally speaking, the blockchain is utilized as a trusted party that handles record keeping, identification of cheaters and mitigation of disputes (all these tasks require achieving a public consensus ). Additionally, the blockchain is trusted to execute the protocol and facilitate payments.
From an owner's perspective, sharing data will require creating a single “store call” to link data to the MPC network, as illustrated in Figure 1b. As shown in Figure 1C, the owner can select the parties who will query his/her data in a totally secure environment. The owner always has control over changing the permissions' settings; approving new services or removing ones that were previously approved.
As illustrated in Figure 1d, a service sends the processed data to be evaluated in the same manner it would do with a conventional cloud. The computation includes payment of bitcoin for the resources that had been provided by the parties. The model is designed so that the service either provides the correct output of the data or refunds the payment for the task.
Utilizing the blockchain technology to secure multi-party computing MPC is one of the greatest applications of the public ledger technology. Although the Storj project offered the same idea via a new cryptocurrency “Storj”, the new approach utilizes bitcoin's blockchain to secure and provide rewards for outsourcing computation power.
An odd, moose-head-shape growth on the trunk of an old eucalyptus tree on Dry Creek Rd. In Napa was sawed off around the New Year.
NAPA (KPIX) — Napa has lost a small-scale local landmark.
Locals call it the Moose Tree — a big, old eucalyptus near Alston Park on Dry Creek Road — and it was distinguished by an odd deformity growing from its trunk, a weird bulge which very much resembled the head of a moose.
Generations of folks playfully decorated the moose, painting it in Giants colors for the World Series and in patriotic red, white and blue after Sept. 11.
But, with the New Year, came a big shock — someone had sawed off the moose.
“I just think it's really sad,” Holly Schallon told KPIX 5's Don Ford.
“Who would do something like this?” Paul Garvey asked, one of the many mourners that came to commiserate with friends and neighbors who fondly remembered the old wood wart.
It was a travesty, all agreed, but there is a twist.
The eucalyptus tree was already doomed, scheduled to be removed in a few months to make way for a new housing subdivision. And there was talk of removing the moose and hanging it above Downtown Joe's, a popular bar in Napa or another public place.
KPIX talked to Joe's daughter — and bar co-owner — Natalie Peetman. Peetman assured us that there's a special place for the moose if it ever does turn up.
Napa city councilman Peter Mott says that the culprit, or anyone else, can drop it off at any Napa fire station at any time — no questions asked.
TRENDING STORIES:
By Jane Wardell and Siva Govindasamy
SYDNEY/KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Rescue authorities studied satellite data on Friday for more clues in the hunt for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370, after an air and sea search in the remote Indian Ocean off Australia failed to find any trace of a suspected debris field.
Australia rushed four international aircraft to an area some 2,500 km (1,500 miles) southwest of Perth on Thursday when analysis of satellite images identified two large objects that may have come from the Boeing 777, which went missing from radar screens 13 days ago with 239 people aboard.
Investigators suspect the Malaysia Airlines flight, which took off from Kuala Lumpur for Beijing shortly after midnight on March 8, was deliberately diverted thousands of km (miles) and then crashed into some of the deepest, most isolated waters on the planet in a possible suicide.
Rescue authorities cautioned that the objects spotted on the satellite images, dated March 16, might not be related to the transcontinental search for the plane but said the find represented the best lead yet.
Four aircraft would resume the search of the 23,000 square km zone on Friday, the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) said. A Norwegian merchant ship that had been diverted to the area on Thursday was still searching there. Another vessel would arrive later on Friday.
Acting Prime Minister Warren Truss said Australia continued to examine satellite footage to pinpoint the location of the suspected debris, which included a piece estimated from the satellite imagery to be 24 meters long.
"Clearly, there are a lot of resources being put into that particular area. It's broadly consistent with the flight plans that were talked about ever since the satellites and their work has been added to the information bank," Truss told ABC radio.
"That work will continue, trying to get more pictures, stronger resolution so that we can be more confident about where the items are, how far they have moved and therefore what efforts should be put into the search effort."
Strong winds, cloud and rain had made searching difficult, said Kevin Short, air vice marshal at New Zealand's Defense Forces which sent a P-3K2 Orion to search the area on Thursday.
"The crew never found any object of significance," he told Radio New Zealand. "Visibility wasn't very good, which makes it harder to search the surface of the water," he said.
A nearby desolate group of French-administered sub-Antarctic islands including St. Paul and Amsterdam and Kerguelen had been asked to look for debris, but none had been spotted, said Sebastien Mourot, chief of staff for the French prefect of La Reunion.
FALSE LEADS
There have been many false leads and no confirmed wreckage found from Flight MH370 since it vanished off Malaysia's east coast, less than an hour after taking off.
There has also been criticism of the search operation and investigation, as more than two dozen countries scramble to overcome logistical and diplomatic hurdles to solve the mystery.
Investigators piecing together patchy data from military radar and satellites believe that, minutes after its identifying transponder was switched off as it crossed the Gulf of Thailand, the plane turned sharply west, re-crossing the Malay Peninsula and following an established route towards India.
What happened next is unclear, but faint electronic "pings" picked up by one commercial satellite suggest the aircraft flew on for at least six hours.
A source with direct knowledge of the situation said that information gleaned from the pings had been passed to investigators within a few days, but it took Malaysia more than a week to narrow the search area to two large arcs - one reaching south to near where the potential debris was spotted, and a second crossing to the north into China and central Asia.
PILOT FOCUS
Exhaustive background checks of the passengers and crew aboard have yielded barely anything that might hint at a motive for the flight's diversion out over the Indian Ocean.
But the staggered shutdown of the communications systems, and the plane's initial diversion west along navigational waypoints, have focused attention on the pilot and co-pilot.
The FBI is helping Malaysian authorities analyze data from a flight simulator at the pilot's home. Initial analysis showed that some simulator data logs had been deleted last month.
CARACAS/HOUSTON (Reuters) - Venezuela's state-run oil firm, PDVSA, is increasingly delivering poor quality crude oil to major refiners in the United States, India and China, causing repeated complaints, canceled orders and demands for discounts, according to internal PDVSA documents and interviews with a dozen oil executives, workers, traders and inspectors.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA is seen next to a mural depicting Venezuela's late President Hugo Chavez at a gas station in Caracas, Venezuela March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins/File Photo
The disputes involve cargoes soiled with high levels of water, salt or metals that can cause problems for refineries, according to the sources and internal PDVSA trade documents seen by Reuters.
The quality issues stem from shortages of chemicals and equipment to properly treat and store the oil, resulting in shutdowns and slowdowns at PDVSA production facilities, along with hurried transporting to avoid late deliveries, the sources said.
U.S. refiner Phillips 66 (PSX.N) canceled at least eight crude cargoes because of poor oil quality in the first half of the year and demanded discounts on other deliveries, according to the PDVSA documents and employees from both firms. The canceled shipments - amounting to 4.4 million barrels of oil - had a market value of nearly $200 million.
Another key buyer of Venezuelan crude - India's Reliance Industries Ltd (RELI.NS), operator of the world's largest refinery - has repeatedly complained about oil quality, a PDVSA employee told Reuters. State-run firm China National Petroleum Corp (CNPC) also complained earlier this year about excessive water levels in oil cargoes, a former PDVSA employee said.
The deterioration of PDVSA crude is the latest symptom of the firm's ill-maintained production infrastructure, and it threatens to accelerate an already severe cash crisis at a time when Venezuela is hoarding dollars to pay some $3.4 billion to bondholders in the next few weeks. PDVSA's financial woes radiate through the country's recession-racked economy, which depends on oil for more than 90 percent of its export revenue.
Venezuela's Oil Ministry and PDVSA did not respond to requests for comment.
An official at PetroChina Co (601857.SS), CNPC's listed subsidiary, said he was not aware of complaints about Venezuela oil. A CNPC spokesman also said he had no knowledge of the issue.
Phillips 66 declined to comment. Reliance did not respond to requests for comment.
One of the PDVSA employees said quality started to drop about two years ago, and the deterioration has accelerated recently.
“We're refitting chemical injection points, recouping pumps and storage tanks,” the worker told Reuters. “But without chemicals, we can't do anything.”
OIL AND WATER
Venezuela's crude output has already plummeted to its lowest level in almost three decades because of crime at oil fields, underinvestment, mismanagement at PDVSA, and a fourth straight year of economic contraction.
The oil firm also faces sanctions imposed by the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, which have caused many banks to refuse to extend the letters of credit needed to complete some oil sales and purchases, leading to contract suspensions and disputes.
For graphic of Venezuela's falling exports, see: tmsnrt.rs/2xD0l5r
The full scale and severity of PDVSA's oil-quality problems are unclear, although industry sources reported issues in major oil-producing regions including the western state of Zulia and the Orinoco Belt in the southeast.
PDVSA has halted output at some Zulia production facilities because it does not have enough functioning storage tanks and chemicals to process the crude being pumped up, according to two workers with knowledge of the operation.
“This is becoming a big problem. We're trying to get production up, but now they're saying, ‘You have to stop pumping because I can't handle it',” said a PDVSA employee, adding that chemicals were scarce and many storage tanks were full.
Compounding the problem, a growing number of PDVSA maintenance workers have fled the country amid food shortages, skyrocketing inflation and sometimes violent clashes between political protesters and the nation's socialist government.
Venezuela is a key source of heavy sour crude supplies for export to the United States, China, India and Europe. But in a world awash in cheap oil, customers in those regions can easily find crude elsewhere.
“There are plenty of crude inventories available on the market, and they can switch to other providers,” one buyer of Venezuelan oil told Reuters.
More troubling for PDVSA is that the quality issues are cutting into its ability to sell crude for cash; the firm already delivers about 40 percent of its oil to Chinese and Russian firms as payment on more than $50 billion in loans from those nations.
Both Reliance and Phillips 66 are among PDVSA's biggest cash-paying customers.
The U.S. refiner has demanded discounts due to the high salt content in the heavy blend that PDVSA sent the firm from its Orinoco Belt facilities this year, according to internal PDVSA documents seen by Reuters. It was not immediately clear whether PDVSA granted those discounts.
PDVSA documents detail the company's struggle to meet the supply quotas of desalted crude to Phillips 66 because of low output at its Puerto la Cruz refinery, the facility charged with desalting crude for exports.
PDVSA said this week on state TV that it had received two new desalting units for Puerto la Cruz, with joint capacity of 80,000 barrels-per-day. The firm did not detail when they would be operational.
High salt content can lead to corrosion in distillation towers and other refinery equipment, so many customers reject cargoes with high salt content rather than accept them at a discount.
India's Reliance has complained about high water and sediment content in its crude - up to 5 percent in recent months, according to the PDVSA employee, when the supply contract between the two firms says it should be limited to less than 2 percent.
“Reliance's executives in charge of the supply contract are angry,” the employee said. “They have complained several times, and the issue has not been solved.”
“PHANTOM” CHEMICAL PURCHASES
Oil workers in Venezuela describe several layers of problems that are hurting crude quality.
Deferred maintenance, a shortage of spare parts and equipment theft have shut down some storage tanks, where crude is left to separate from water that needs to be removed.
PDVSA has also rushed deliveries - before the crude is properly processed, and water and sediments removed – because the firm is behind on promised deliveries to customers, two PDVSA sources told Reuters.
PDVSA has also run short on cash to import the chemicals it needs to process crude.
Slideshow (3 Images)
In one case, employees of the firm were caught in a scheme to steal money they had falsely claimed was used to buy chemicals, according to an internal PDVSA incident report seen by Reuters.
Authorities recently arrested four PDVSA employees in Zulia state, according to the report, for “illicit enrichment due to phantom purchases of chemicals.”
GRAPHIC: Venezuelan crude exports fall amid production, quality problems tmsnrt.rs/2xD0l5r
The gang at “Fox & Friends” celebrated “Founding Fathers Friday” by bringing on a Thomas Jefferson impersonator who stayed in character and on the tea party talking points throughout the bizarre interview.
From the beginning, co-host host Steve Doocy used the appearance by the “third president of the United States” to push the small government message that typifies the conservative network.
“Even though you were one of the very first presidents of the United States, as you remember, you were a budget cutter, weren't ya?” Doocy asked, fully playing along.
“Well, I was. I believe that government needs to be simple and frugal,” the impersonator said. “And when I became president in 1801I inherited a debt, $83 million. When I left the presidency eight years later I had reduced that $33 million.”
He continued, “We are not only being irresponsible but stealing from posterity. Posterity that we paid a great price to purchase liberty for that it seems we're giving away.”
Co-host Gretchen Carlson then reminded “Jefferson” that the world — and government spending — had changed dramatically since he died in 1826.
“I know that you've never seen a number that big that we just showed on the screen,” Carlson said, referring to a graphic that detailed the U.S. government's debt. “That's something that's been created since you've passed.”
Doocy closed by revealing that Jefferson was in fact Stephen McDowell, president of Biblical Worldview University.
Watch the highlights from the interview:
You can subscribe to my Mexicans Abroad calendar here. Let me know if you have any suggestions on how to improve it. Let's recap the weekend:
Jona Dos Santos (Galaxy): Season is over but is being called up by Osorio.
Gio Dos Santos (Galaxy): Season is over but is being called up by Osorio.
Cubo Torres (Dynamo): Started as the Dynamo advanced in the playoffs. Cubo had an unremarkable 73 minute shift.
Carlos Vela (Real Sociedad): Had 9 touches in his 17 minute appearance off the bench.
Andres Guardado (Real Betis): Another steady 90-minute performance from El Principito. He finished with 3 key passes and is now 2nd in La Liga in assists.
Hector Moreno (AS Roma): Did not see the field this weekend
Raul Jimenez (Benfica): His weird season continues: mid-week Champions League start but appearance off the bench in the league.
Miguel Layun (Porto): Made the bench but did not see action
Tecatito Corona (Porto): Came off the bench for a 30 minute stint. He had 1 key pass, 2 dribbles, and 1 shot.
Diego Reyes (Porto): Was given a surprise start at defensive midfielder and played well. He even got an assist on Herrera's goal. His club situation is still in flux as his contract runs out in the summer but he said in the post-game interview that he will be ready whenever the club needs him.
Raul Gudino (APOEL): Has been relegated to the bench the last 2 games.
Joao Maleck (Porto U19): Did not see any action over the weekend but scored a goal and went all 90 minutes against RB Leipzig in their UEFA Youth League game.
Paolo Medina (Benfica U19): Started and went 90mins this weekend and did the same mid-week against Manchester United in UEFA Youth League. All his minutes this season have been at right back.
Antonio Briseno (CD Feirense): Started for the 4th time this season, 3rd time in the last month. It was the 23 yr old's best game so far in Portugal. Pollo was very active: 5 clearances, 2 interceptions, 2 tackles, and 1 key pass.
Hirving Lozano (PSV): Did not manage to score or register an assist for only the second time this year in the league. The last time was due to an early red card but Lozano remains the highest rated player in the league. He still registered 3 key passes and 2 dribbles in his 90 minutes. Chucky has 9 goals and 3 assists in 9 league games.
Uriel Antuna (FC Groningen): Started his second game in the Eredivisie and had a solid 82 minute shift. WhoScored rated him at 6.9 for the game, his highest rating this season. He was able to contribute 2 key passes and went 3 for 8 on crosses.
Chicharito (West Ham): It's starting to look like a lost season for him at West Ham. He played 72 minutes against Liverpool, had 33 touches and didn't manage to get a shot off until the 61st minute. The team looks lifeless in their attack.
Carlos Salcedo (Eintracht Frankfurt): Another start on the right side of a back 3. Has found his groove there for Frankfurt since returning from injury. Osorio might want to use him at right back for the national team so any time he sees on the right is a plus.
Marco Fabian (Eintracht Frankfurt): No minutes yet.
Guillermo Ochoa (Standard Liege): Memo had 4 saves over the weekend and his side fell 1-0 to Kaa Gent. Standard is in 9th place in the league, just behind Govea and Mouscron. Ochoa has 6 goals scored on him in the last 7 league games, an improvement over the first month of the season.
Omar Govea (Royal Mouscron): After a strong start, Mouscron have been struggling lately. The club has not won a game since 9/23 and are now 8th in the 16 team league. Govea played his usual 90 minutes and has started every game this year for his loan club.
Lalo Herrera (Rangers): Made the bench but saw no action
Carlos Pena (Rangers): Was not in the squad
La Estrella de la Semana
Zorro #FCPorto #SomosPorto A post shared by Portista (@fcportoglobal) on Nov 4, 2017 at 5:10pm PDT
Hector Herrera (Porto): HH is finding his form for both country and club lately. He has gone from a seldom used player at Porto to start the year to an automatic starter and captain. He followed up his strong Champions League game with a MOTM performance in the league. Herrera has been a calming force in the middle for Porto and the club find themselves 4 points clear of Sporting at the top of the table.
Anything else catch your eye this weekend?
Image caption The government has promised to ban wild animals in circuses
A town council in Shropshire is to discuss continuing a ban on goldfish being handed out as prizes.
Thehighlighted the issue of animals and their role in travelling shows.
It comes at a time when circuses face a ban on using wild animals after the government promised to outlaw the use of creatures such as tigers, monkeys and zebras in travelling circuses "at the earliest opportunity".
So have animals in fairs and circuses had their day?
In 2005 the then Labour government was poised to introduce a ban on goldfish being given as prizes.
The Animal Welfare Bill was expected to stop the giving away of goldfish as fairground prizes.
But pressreportsstated at the time that the legislation was amended to allow children to take away fish as prizes if they were accompanied by someone over the age of 16.
'Look forward'
A spokesman for The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said the change had come about following consultation with the public and stakeholders such as animal welfare charities.
He said: "There were lots of proposals in the first draft of the Animal Welfare Act.
"With the support of the public and various stakeholders this was the act that was formed."
He added there were no plans to revisit the act.
Image caption Jimmy Stokes said children looked forward to winning goldfish
But despite the lack of an outright ban local authorities can set their own rules on what is and is not acceptable on council owned land.
In Ludlow the town council is poised to uphold the ban following a request from a stallholder that it be lifted for the town's May Fair.
Jimmy Stokes, who wanted to offer goldfish as prizes, said that, under RSPCA guidelines, fish could be given away in plastic boxes with holes in, rather than plastic bags.
He said children "look forward" to winning goldfish on a fairground.
'Not cruel'
But Ludlow councillor Viv Parry said the ban, which was brought in two years ago after an anonymous complaint, was brought in because of concerns about the welfare of goldfish given as prizes.
The issue is set to be discussed at a meeting next week.
The RSPCA states on itswebsitethat it is opposed to the giving of live animals as prizes.
Katya Mira, spokeswoman for the charity, said: "We don't like to see them [animals] as throwaway commodities.
"People don't count them as sentient beings and they don't look into the welfare needs of that animal [if it is offered as a prize].
Lions and tigers performing do not have a place in today's society Katya Mira, RSPCA
"We very much encourage people to research an animal's needs before they get one, whether that be a dog or a goldfish."
But she said she did not see the banning of wild animals at circuses as the same issue as animals being offered as prizes.
"I would be reluctant to link the two things. The welfare of animals is our primary concern.
"The reason we are so against wild animals performing in circuses is we are concerned for their welfare, how they are transported and the conditions they are kept in.
"It's been proven scientifically that it is very stressful [for animals to live in circuses]."
Stories about the proposal to ban wild animals in circuses prompted a flurry ofcommentson the BBC News site, with some in favour of the ban and others lamenting the loss of traditional circus shows with performing lions and tigers.
Those circuses that still use wild animals say the animals are well cared for and not treated cruelly.
Chris Barltrop, spokesman for the Great British Circus which still uses wild animals, told the BBC last year that there was no reason for cruelty to be involved in the treatment of circus animals.
He said if trainers were cruel to their animals it would be counterproductive in getting them to perform.
Public opinion
He added it was alarming that groups of people opposed to wild animals performing in circuses sought to impose their views on others.
But according to the RSPCA, public opinion has been against the practice for some time.
The charity estimates 35 wild animals including lions, tigers, snakes and zebras currently perform in three UK circuses.
Ms Mira said: "I don't think it's new that public opinion is against wild animals in circuses.
"The public have wanted a ban for a long time.
"Lions and tigers performing do not have a place in today's society."
No date has been set for a ban. But with the government promising a tougher licensing system until the ban is in place, the days of performing animals may be numbered.
And if local councils decide to implement their own bans on fish being offered as prizes, the goldfish prize may follow the performing lion into the history books.
I was accused of being a Satanist a few times this year. I spent May through June opening for Lana Del Rey and 70 percent of the crowd probably hadn't heard of Grimes. When you're performing a really aggressive set in broad daylight for a crowd of sober 13-year-olds and people wearing flower crowns, it's like a test. I wanted to win everyone over, but there were times when I just thought: "Shit. Sorry, guys."
But it was touring with Lana that I think I finally got good at playing live. I never walk onto the stage and worry that something might go really wrong now. Although I did get seriously hurt when we did a show in Toronto. My brothers and a whole group of friends came onstage during my set, and I fell down at one point. I was having so much fun that I didn't notice I had twisted my ankle and torn my ACL. We all drank beer and watched Lana's show, and I danced on the injury for the entire time. It was the best day ever -- and then in the middle of the night I woke up and had to go to the hospital.
Grimes Maintains Outsider Ethos But Yields to Mainstream Pull on 'Art Angels': Album Review
The toughest part of the year overall was finishing Art Angels. It's hard to make your hobby your job. It had been two-and-a-half years since I'd put out something new, and I had been casually making songs that obviously sound very, very different. The whole time I had this feeling like it might all blow up in my face and people might hate it. I worried that what I was going to put out into the world might be the worst decision ever.
When a notion like that looms in your head for such a long time, it becomes a huge source of stress. I just needed to get it out so I could not have that feeling anymore. Then, at least, you know the outcome. The not knowing is worse.
But I also think that experience might be the most difficult thing I will ever have to go through on a creative level. Because I now know people accept change. In a way, the future becomes less daunting.
Watch Grimes & Blood Diamonds Take on Dante's 'Inferno' in 'Go' Video
For now though, I just really want to focus on doing more music videos and being more ambitious with them. Learning how to ride a horse would be pretty sick, too. And if I get the chance, I want to go to Mongolia. I'm really into Genghis Khan right now.
*As told to Brooke Mazurek
This story originally appeared in the Dec. 19 issue of Billboard.
"Wonder Woman" was attacked on Hollywood Boulevard Friday, and "Superman" came to her aid.
The character impersonators, Jennifer Wenger and Christopher Dennis, say they were attacked by a cowboy boot-wearing transient.
The boulevard is full of character impersonators who pose with tourists for tips. The two were not attacked while taking pictures. They were taping an episode of "Jimmy Kimmel Live."
The assault happened in front of the Roosevelt Hotel. The victims said the attacker jumped up and starting running after them.
"She got in my face and she flipped my lip, and then punched me in the face," said Wenger.
That's when Superman jumped in.
"I'm then reflecting all of her boot throws. She actually hits Wonder Woman again with a boot. I reflected it and it just kind of ricocheted off my arm and hit her in the face," said Dennis.
The attacker even threatened the victims.
"She told me that both me and Superman would be dead by tomorrow," said Wenger.
It was a threat that wasn't taken lightly, especially after a fatal stabbing in June at the corner of Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue -- a popular tourist spot. A transient allegedly killed a Lynwood woman after she refused to give a dollar for snapping a picture of the man and two others.
On Friday, Wonder Woman took the high road when she was attacked by a transient, who is well-known on the boulevard for her unruly behavior.
"Thank you, Wonder Woman, for inspiring me to do the right thing and not hit that girl back. Because I was sitting there [thinking], 'What would Wonder Woman do?' She wouldn't hit the crazy lady," said Wenger.
Keeping with the superhero spirit and wanting the best for the citizens they protect, Wonder Woman and Superman said they are still on the fence about pressing charges. But if they do, they said they are going to ask the judge to not give the transient jail time, but get her some psychiatric help.
Due to Green Bay using Ty Montgomery more in the RB position vs. WR in last week's game, we have expanded his designation to include both positions so that owners can choose which position to start him in. Duality decisions are made on a case-by-case basis, looking at different criteria. Sites like ESPN Fantasy and Rotoworld also updated Montgomery this week.
There are two complexities to be aware of and potentially solve for with duality players:
Maximum Roster Settings: Players with duality will be counted against the max settings for each position. This is the same across all of our sports. (Duality is actually quite common in the NHL, NBA and MLB, but hybrid positions are less common in the NFL.) Commissioners can decide if the situation warrants an adjustment to the maximum settings for RBs and/or WRs given the situation via League Settings > Edit Roster Requirements. Many of our commissioners are making the adjustment, but letting the league know that the max increase can be used only with players with duality. If this update has resulted in your roster being illegal, FYI that you can still accrue points and they will count; in other words, you aren't forced to cut anyone before setting your lineup for the week in order to qualify for your match-up. The illegal status only prevents you from making new roster additions until the issue is addressed. Custom Scoring Rules: If your league has custom scoring rules set up that apply different scores for RBs vs. WRs, players with duality may have both rules count. What commissioners can do is to let the owner know that their final box score (League Settings > Edit Past Box Scores) will be adjusted to subtract any points that shouldn't apply when the box scores are finalized.
In the future, we hope to offer an option where players with duality can be locked in one position or the other in order to avoid these sorts of complexities!
They don't make 'em like Norm Borlaug anymore. The father of the green revolution finally lost his long battle with cancer over the weekend at the age of 95. I wasn't surprised: he was looking frail when I saw him last year in Ciudad Obregón, Mexico, where he had launched the revolution.
That afternoon he managed a spirited speech, in fluent Mexican Spanish, to local farmers. But later, when I was allowed to ask him questions, he was flagging. He complained that using crops for biofuel was pushing up world food prices and hurting the poor. “We had other kinds of alternative energy but we stopped developing it,” he fumed. “But now I don't have enough energy to keep talking.”
He was a giant of the scientific and technological revolution of the 20th century. He probably saved more lives than the more famous names behind polio vaccines or DNA: Norm Borlaug ended famine in much of the world.
What an epitaph. “I personally cannot live comfortably in the midst of abject hunger and poverty and human misery,” Borlaug famously said. Some people go into science thinking they might help save the world. Norm's your proof that it's possible.
Advertisement
Global shortages
Of course, there was more scope in his day. In the 1930s, people starved in the US. In the mid-20th century the world's human population soared, and there were widespread food shortages.
The answer was to apply science to increase crop yields. Many people helped do that, but Borlaug was unique. In 1944 the US government sent him to Mexico to fight the age-old enemy of wheat, stem rust fungus, after Mexican outbreaks had rampaged into the US breadbasket.
Borlaug devised an ingenious system to accelerate the breeding of disease-resistant wheat and beat stem rust – but he didn't stop in Mexico. His plants went on to vastly boost food production elsewhere, notably India and its neighbours, as famine-wracked then as Africa is now. Hard to imagine? That's why.
Then Borlaug helped convince the big donors of his day that if one scientific advance in crop science could make that much difference, surely we needed more. The donors listened, and the defeat of wheat rust was followed by the green revolution – similar leaps in rice and other crops, with a systematic introduction of irrigation, fertiliser and high-yielding varieties to farms worldwide. Borlaug's lab in Mexico is now CIMMYT, the world centre for wheat and maize research, and part of a worldwide network of labs that continue the revolution.
Price of revolution
That's why some think ill of Borlaug. The green revolution was social as well as technological, as changing farming technology meant changing land ownership and social relationships, and inevitably winners and losers. A faction of economists has long charged that the green revolution was wrong because of these ills.
The ills surely need sorting, especially the fact that modern crops' thirst for water and land is not infinitely sustainable. But I have no patience for arguments that the green revolution was a selfish capitalist plot. Famine used to stalk the Indian subcontinent regularly: in 1943 two and a half million people starved to death in Bengal. The green revolution stopped that.
Would continuing starvation have been better? The green revolution wasn't the final answer to our problems, but it was the start of the answer. All solutions engender more problems, but it's scary to imagine what our world would have been without what Borlaug's science started. When he got his Nobel in 1970 – he was out in the field when he got a frantic message from his wife, which he thought was a joke – it was the peace prize.
Continuing struggle
But the revolution isn't over. In 2007, Borlaug was battling cancer, but not yet frail – and he was angry. A stem rust called Ug99 had evolved to evade the rust resistance he discovered, but in the intervening years of plenty, the system for applying science to food production had become underfunded and atrophied, and was slow to respond.
“We have been too complacent,” he thundered over the phone. “We don't train people to keep monitoring and improving the crop anymore, and the system broke down.” In 2002 when Ug99 hit Kenya, Borlaug started to agitate. “People were paying no attention, and I got nervous. Even though I was retired I couldn't hold my tongue.”
The agitation helped launch work on the problem, and now progress is being made – but Ug99 is already in Iran and poised to strike beleaguered Afghanistan and, worse, the breadbaskets of India.
“We started three years too late,” said Borlaug. “We'll need some luck as well. This thing could cause major human and social destruction.”
Norm Borlaug never stopped fighting that spectre. “We can do another green revolution, by doing what we did before, with common sense,” he said the last time we spoke. He lamented the replacement of much field research by lab science, but still hoped genetic engineering will provide new disease resistance to rescue wheat and other staples.
Borlaug had harangued me before about the need for science journalists, “because most scientists are miserable communicators”, so just before I left him to his carers in Ciudad Obregón, I said, “We'll keep telling the story.” He looked me in the eye and replied, “Thank you.”
So we will.
Bitcoin never had a clear future, but it looks even cloudier in the midst of the unpleasant, yet weirdly magnetic, blocksize debate. The debate, which eats up /r/Bitcoin, has led to the meta question of Bitcoin “governance” - a buzzword that sums up the question: What happens when developers and stakeholders don't agree? What's the best process to address this?
Gavin Andresen, who has a unique perspective on the topic as Bitcoin's former lead developer, joined Epicenter Bitcoin for a conversation on just that.
The podcast took on the meta-meta-question of defining “governance” and zeroing in on which Bitcoin governance issues—exactly—need to be addressed. Andresen offered a broad definition. “When I say governance, I don't mean government. We're governed by all sorts of things,” he said. “We're governed by our government, we're governed by the laws of physics, we're governed by social norms. There are all sorts of things that affect our behavior.” He used the word “process” to describe how to reach these decisions.
Andresen and Bitcoin developer Mike Hearn recently announced Bitcoin XT, a variant of Bitcoin core with a larger blocksize. While the questions of when and how much to grow the blocksize is itself controversial, Bitcoin XT's decision-making process is also controversial. Hearn is to make the “final call” when the developers disagree.
Since then, developers that allegedly make up 90 percent of Bitcoin's commits in the last year released an open letter calling for support from the community to work together towards decentralization.
Bitcoin's decision-making process has evolved over time, according to Andresen, “If you go back in time, it was simple. It was whatever Satoshi decided.” He said that he decentralized that by extending commit access—developers that are authorized make permanent changes to Bitcoin—to five people. But Bitcoin has grown. Today, it interests many stakeholders, including miners, payment processors, and everyday users.
Andresen:
“I don't think any of us—especially those five people—want to be the high priests of Bitcoin. We need to find a new way of governing—a new way of coming to decisions and have everyone be happy with the process and the decisions that are reached.”
While he didn't provide an exact answer, he threw out ideas. One of them by way of Bitcoin XT.
Andresen sees two separate governance issues: Protocol evolution and Bitcoin Core implementation evolution. While the two are tightly intertwined today, he thinks there will be more diversity in the future. “I want to get to a point where there are multiple, robust implementations of the protocol,” he said.
And then there's the probably of finding what opinion is, since it's hard to develop clear channels of communication between all of the stakeholders. “We need a better way for best ideas to rise to the top,” Andresen said. He mentioned that prediction markets (potentially) offer a way to measure consensus. Augur, for instance, will allow users to place bets on the outcomes of future events. Prediction markets have led to accurate predictions in a phenomenon known as wisdom of the crowds.
But despite all of these unknowns, Andresen seemed optimistic. “I don't think it's going to make or break Bitcoin if the discussion goes nowhere, because when it comes right down to it, the governance is whatever code the people are willing to run.”
About Epicenter Bitcoin
Epicenter Bitcoin is a podcast about the technologies, projects & startups driving decentralization and the global cryptocurrency revolution. Every week hosts Brian Fabian Crain and Sebastien Couture talk to some of the most influential people in the cryptocurrency space about their projects and get their perspectives on recent events. Their guests, who range from entrepreneurs to academics, to industry experts, join the conversation from different locations around the globe, which gives EB a truly international scope.
You can watch live Google Hangouts every week on YouTube and listen to the audio version on SoundCloud and iTunes.
A team of Danish and Swedish scientists reports that they have restored oxygen to the watersof a deep fjord that had suffered from a long-term lack of oxygen. The researchers used large pumps to mix oxygen-rich surface water into the deeper parts of the fjord's water column — which had long been anoxic due to its depth and geological setting — and after only two months higher oxygen concentrations became detectable in the bottom waters. “In the later phase of the experiment the entire water column began to look healthy,” the researchers said, noting that bacterial species that live in well-oxygenated waters had begun to appear. Low oxygen levels make waters uninhabitable to most forms of life, and anoxic waters often harbor only a few types of bacteria, some of which produce significant levels of greenhouse gases.
In response to the Democratic proposal to prohibit people on federal no-fly lists from buying guns, Sen. Marco Rubio spoke out in opposition on Sunday, warning that there more than 700,000 possibly innocent Americans on federal watchlists that could be affected and lose their rights without any due process.
Politifact wasted no time at all declaring Rubio's statement to be "mostly false." Why? Because while Rubio is likely correct about the number of people on the list, a much fewer number are likely to be Americans. In other words, Rubio is right that innocent Americans could lose their civil liberties, but not as many as he thinks, thus only "mostly" false.
Politifact's ruling is awful and dependent on simply letting experts with government connections assert different numbers without providing any actual credible data. Apparently a former FBI guy simply saying it's "harder than people think" to get onto the no-fly list counts as rendering Rubio's argument untrue.
Then there's this nonsense, coming from Timothy Edgar, who used to oversee watchlists under both Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama:
But the problem of same names is less common than it used to be, and there is a reasonably efficient redress process for people to appeal to the government to get their name removed from the terrorist watch list, Edgar noted. "That shows that the redress process is not a sham, but it also shows that a fairly significant number of people are put on the watchlist by mistake," he said.
Is this a joke? No, there is no reference to the lawsuit by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) that the "reasonably efficient redress process" is in fact a sham. This is a lawsuit that not only is the ACLU winning, but the Department of Homeland Security has been forced to actually "redress" its "redress process" by a judge. And why is Edgar being treated as an objective source when he's clearly not? Why on earth should we believe that the United States only has 10,000 Americans on its list of 700,000 people (especially since we know that hundreds of thousands of them have no known ties to terrorism)?
For that matter, here's a relevant question: Which watchlists are we even talking about here? Democrats keep saying the no-fly list in their memes/arguments, but in fact the no-fly list is just a small subset of the full terror watchlist. Those who are on a watchlist but not the no-fly list are subjected to further security screenings in airports, but are permitted to fly. John T. Bennett of Roll Call noticed all these references to lists seem to be used interchangeably. What list are they talking about? It appears as though they may well be referring to the larger list:
Asked Monday about confusion over the two lists or whether the White House is citing the smaller list because it was more politically palatable, a White House spokesman said that Press Secretary Josh Earnest addressed the question in Monday's briefing. In the briefing, Earnest did not explain the discrepancies between the two lists. But in a Monday tweet, the White House referred to the "terrorist watch list," suggesting the larger list, citing a Government Accountability Office report that concluded from 2004 until 2014, more than 2,000 people in that database were able to purchase a gun. Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., a 2016 presidential candidate, said Sunday on CNN he believes "the majority of people on the no-fly list are oftentimes people that basically just have the same name as somebody else who [does] belong on the no-fly list." It is not immediately clear which list Democrats want to give a larger role in the gun purchasing process. The defeated [Sen. Dianne] Feinstein amendment would have prohibited individuals included on the consolidated database. Yet, in statement after statement since last Wednesday's attack in San Bernardino, Calif., Obama and his chief spokesman have referred to the federal no-fly list.
Here's what may really be happening:
But a Feinstein aide, who spoke anonymously to be candid, said her boss always has targeted the larger list. The aide pointed out that database includes the no-fly list and several others that are maintained by security agencies such as the FBI and National Counterterrorism Center. But the aide said Feinstein has sometimes referred to the no-fly database rather than the broader one her legislation actually covers for this reason: "That's more relatable to the average person — people have heard of the no-fly list, not necessarily [ones like] the National Counterterrorism Center's TIDE database. "I'd imagine that's why White House officials have referred to no-fly as well," the aide said.
But there's more. I've read through the actual Feinstein amendment (SA 2910), and there's only one reference to terrorist watchlist records at the very end, demanding that the attorney general make sure privacy and civil liberties are protected. But I see nothing in the actual legislation that even requires the attorney general to confine his or her refusal to allow citizens to own a firearm based on inclusion in a watchlist. Here's what it says:
"The Attorney General may deny the transfer of a firearm under section 922(t)(1)(B)(ii) of this title if the Attorney General— "(1) determines that the transferee is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism; and "(2) has a reasonable belief that the prospective transferee may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.
The law further explains that its definition of terrorism applies to both international and domestic situations. The attorney general is further permitted to withhold information from the parties whose gun purchases are denied on the basis of protecting national security. Those who are denied to have the power to challenge the attorney general's decision, but the legal burden of proof required of the government to deny somebody a gun would be "preponderance of the evidence," a looser threshold than required to convict somebody of a crime. The threshold of probability is simply "more probably than not."
This proposed law actually appears to be much broader than we're being told. It appears to possibly be even stronger than its critics warn about (with the usual caveat that I'm not somebody who writes laws for a living, so I may be missing something).
QR Code Link to This Post
I just thought you should know that nobody (NOBODY) ever eats any of the blue raspberry flavored Jolly Ranchers from the candy dish on our reception counter in our office. EVER. When it's time to re-fill the candy dish, there are always those ugly nonappetizing blue raspberry fuckers all abandoned at the bottom of the dish.I have my opinions on why this phenomenon occurs. For one, that color should not be associated with food. It was really a bad idea. That flavor just screws up the whole assorted flavors bag and I was just wondering if perhaps there is a group of blue raspberry advocates somewhere that have convinced you to continue to make these?I have been the candy bitch here for going on two years and I am just at a loss. What do I do with all these neglected, disgusting, blue raspberry Jolly Ranchers? I almost want to send them back to you, so that you can send them on to the blue raspberry fan club. I used to gather them up sadly from the bottom of the dish and put them aside in this other cup. I don't like to be wasteful. Now I simply throw them away as soon as they come tumbling out of the bag into the candy dish.Quite frankly, I have never even tasted one of these things. They could taste awesome! Aside from the fact that nobody has ever HEARD of a blue raspberry, I'm sure they taste quite good. I just can't bring myself to put that radioactive nuclear flourescent unnatural color into my mouth. I'm pretty sure my teeth and gums would probably be stained blue.I think at the very least, you should consider changing the color of the blue raspberry Jolly Rancher. Maybe just eliminate the blue part altogether. By the way, what's wrong with good ole plain raspberry? Now that's a good flavor. I know you already have cherry and watermelon flavors hogging up the red category, but surely you could come up with something.To be honest, the bright neon blue color really fucks up the feng shui of my candy dish, with its appetizing array of purple, green, red and red Jolly Ranchers, co-mingling with the ever-popular Reese's PB cups, Hershey's miniatures and Hershey's Nut Lovers miniatures. The Twix and the M&Ms hardly ever stay in the dish long enough to look pretty, but that is to be expected. FedEx delivery folks and office visitors of all ilk pounce on those like they are a hundred dollar bills. On a completely unrelated note, perhaps it's time for me to start looking for a more exciting job.Thank you for your time. And remember, nobody wants to eat flourescent blue candy.Sincerely,The Receptionist
The Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) celebrates its 81st anniversary on Monday.
On 25 January 1935, Tsar Boris III signed a decree which made radio diffusion in the then Kingdom of Bulgaria a state property.
BNR's history of broadcasting began with a seven-hour program, which used to include news broadcasted two times a day for ten minutes.
After 1 May 1937, programmes became regular - five times a week, in Bulgarian, Italian, French, German and English.
In September, 1940 the radio made its first direct emission with the celebration of the restoration of Southern Dobruja region to the Kingdom of Bulgaria.
Today Radio Bulgaria issues programmes in eleven languages: Bulgarian, English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Serbian, Greek, Albanian, Turkish and Arabic languages.
On Monday the radio awarded its annual Sirak Skitnik prize to its folklore music orchestra.
The prize is awarded for considerable contribution to the development of BNR and is named after the pen name of the radio's first appointed director.
Watercolour Part 4: Surprise Attack! Storm Trooper And Darth Vader Variants Inbound! By The Senate on 2016-06-11 13:30:00 Watercolour - Stormtrooper & Darth Vader Variants Pack:
Available for 24 hours only!
The Watercolour series will be available at random, so keep your eyes peeled!
2 Awards:
Gather 24-hour inserts for Watercolour - Darth Vader Abstract
Gather ALL VARIANTS and Limited inserts for Watercolour - Darth Vader Black Mask
4 of 5 - Stormtroopers & Darth Vader Variants: four colour variants
White Storm Trooper - 1:15
Blue Storm Trooper - 1000 cards 1:50
Blue Darth Vader - 1:20
Green Darth Vader - 1000 cards 1:60
Includes White, Blue, Red and Green Base Series 3 and The Force Awakens Base Series 1 cards!
Odds:
1% Green
5% Red
20% Blue
74% White Head to the Cantina!
This article is over 2 years old
Teenager who murdered elderly French priest asked sister who witnessed attack if she was familiar with the Qur'an
One of the jihadists who murdered an elderly French priest smiled as he carried out the attack, and nuns who witnessed the grisly murder said the killers spoke about the Qur'an.
The two nuns who were in the church when Father Jacques Hamel was killed, his throat slit on the altar, said the men appeared aggressive and nervous during the attack at the Eglise Saint-Etienne in Normandy on 26 July.
Then, one of the attackers seemed pleased.
Father Jacques Hamel: 'A good priest … who did his job to the very end' Read more
“I got a smile from the second [man]. Not a smile of triumph, but a soft smile, that of someone who is happy,” nun Sister Huguette Peron told Catholic newspaper La Vie on Friday.
Abdel Malik Petitjean and Adel Kermiche, both 19, had pledged allegiance to Islamic State and both were killed by police in the attack.
The men stormed the 17th-century stone church during mass in the town of Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray, taking several hostages before killing the priest and seriously wounding another captive.
One nun fled the scene and alerted the police, leaving Sister Huguette and Sister Helene Decaux, both in their 80s, in the church with the jihadists.
At one point, Sister Helene got tired and asked to sit down.
“I asked for my my cane, he gave it to me,” she said.
Then the men started talking about religion, asking the nun if she was familiar with the Qur'an.
“Yes, I respect it like I respect the Bible, I've read several suras. And those that hit me in particular are the suras about peace,” Sister Helene responded.
One of the attackers replied: “Peace, it's what we want ... as long as there are bombs on Syria, we will continue our attacks. And they will happen every day. When you stop, we will stop.”
Neighbours and acquaintances said Kermiche was “obsessed” with going to Syria, where an international coalition, including France, is carrying out air strikes against Isis.
“Are you afraid to die?” one of the attackers asked.
The nun said no, then he said: “Why?”
“I believe in God, and I know I will be happy” Sister Helene said, as she quietly prayed to herself.
Then they started talking about God.
“Jesus cannot be God and a man. It is you who are wrong,” one of the men said.
“Maybe, but too bad,” Sister Huguette replied.
At that moment, she prepared for her own death, not knowing what was coming next.
“Thinking I was going to die, I offered my life to God” she added.
More than 50 communities across Spain have declared themselves “free of Israeli apartheid.” Albert Gea Reuters
In July 2014, at the height of Israel's bombardment of Gaza, Spain's RESCOP launched a national campaign targeting local cultural institutions, businesses and associations, asking that they declare themselves “free of Israeli apartheid.”
That effort has since grown, in both size and kind. Today, there are more than 50 participating cities and towns across the country.
And it has sparked a reaction. RESCOP, which sought to build from scratch a popular embrace of the global boycott, divestment and sanctions movement (BDS), is now facing stiff opposition from ACOM (Action and Communication), a pro-Israel advocacy group that has benefited from the Israeli government's recent attempt at countering the growing BDS movement.
It all started innocuously enough.
“In Gijón,” the largest city in Spain's Asturias region, “we were eating in restaurants, and drinking in pubs that had the Israeli apartheid-free logos,” Maren Mantovani, from the Stop the Wall campaign, told The Electronic Intifada.
Such nascent successes were soon boosted by other efforts.
In December 2014, another campaign with the similar, but more ambitious idea to ask municipalities to declare their entire cities “Free of Israeli apartheid” arose. The call was set forth in the “Olive Declaration,” drawn up by various groups and city representatives at a conference co-organized by a United Nations body in Seville, the capital of Andalusia.
Over the following year, activists from RESCOP and local BDS groups worked with nearly three dozen towns and cities, helping them draft motions that directed city institutions to avoid contracting services or purchasing products that were involved in violations of international and human rights law in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Cities also committed to adding the Israeli apartheid-free logos to their websites.
Enter ACOM
Today, approximately 50 cities and towns have declared themselves “free of Israeli apartheid.” The latest to join the movement is Cádiz, Andalusia. Cádiz, with more than 120,000 residents, is one of the largest cities to support the campaign. Most municipalities involved are small, rural villages across the countryside, according to activists with RESCOP.
After a year of building momentum, however, the movement ran up against ACOM.
ACOM is an Israel advocacy group in Spain that became active as the BDS campaign was taking off in the country and as Israel dedicated $25 million to an anti-BDS taskforce. Though ACOM claims to have existed since 2009, the earliest identifiable English-language reporting of its work online is from the fall 2014, when the group lobbied Spain's congress not to recognize Palestinian statehood that is not a result of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.
For the last year ACOM seems to have focused exclusively on beating back city resolutions to be “free of Israeli apartheid.”
On 9 February 2016, a year and a half after the anti-apartheid campaign launched, ACOM filed a lawsuit against Langreo, a city that adopted an anti-apartheid resolution only days earlier, on 28 January. Since then, ACOM has been sending intimidating letters to cities that have adopted such resolutions, threatening litigation if they do not cancel their own motion. Some cities, like Rivas Vaciamadrid in the Madrid metropolitan area, report being sued without warning.
The lawsuits claim the city resolutions not only violate the fundamental rights of the Israeli people and all Israeli residents in the territory of Spain, according to a Rivas city representative who requested anonymity, but also assert that the motions are racist and discriminatory toward all of the Jewish community.
The lawsuits also claim the resolutions incite discrimination on the basis of national origins and beliefs, and at least one suit, seen in translation by The Electronic Intifada, portrays the BDS movement as a “foreign power” that is fighting an “imaginary ‘Jewish supremacy.'”
Spinning the narrative
ACOM has portrayed its lawfare campaign in Spain as almost entirely successful: a legal victory against the right to boycott, something Israel advocacy groups have been pursuing across the globe as BDS activism gains ground support.
“The rule of law … has become a cornerstone in the fight to resist the BDS boycott that seeks to criminalize the State of Israel and to discriminate [sic] anybody associated with it,” ACOM chairperson Angel Mas asserted in a press release this summer.
“Quite the opposite to the intentions of the boycott proponents, now legal precedents are being created to associate the BDS movement to illegal anti-Semitic activities that go against international law and human rights,” Mas added.
But contrary to the claims reported in Israel's English-language media, ACOM has not filed litigation against every single motion, nor has it been consistently successful.
According to records kept by RESCOP, ACOM has filed at least 20 lawsuits. In three cases – including the cities of Langreo, Sant Quirze and Sant Adria – the judges have sided with ACOM, but the other cases have not been clear legal victories. In some instances, cities may have voluntarily withdrawn the motion to avoid a costly lawsuit and in other cases the rulings have been ambiguous or entirely rejected ACOM's complaint.
In its victory in Langreo, ACOM was described as “having earned the recognition of the Jewish community of Madrid,” and the judge ruled the city's anti-apartheid motions “incite discrimination.”
But in the case of Gijón, the court threw out ACOM's complaint, finding the city's motion was not discriminatory.
And in the case of Rivas Vaciamadrid, the city councilor told The Electronic Intifada, the judge ruled that the motion was constitutional as long as it did not specifically target Israeli trade agreements, and instead more generally forbid trade with all human rights violators.
Fighting back
Rivas are appealing the ruling, according to city officials. An activist told The Electronic Intifada that the campaign has also altered the language of their template so cities don't encounter the same objections in court.
“We have a great sense of commitment to the safeguarding of the human rights and dignity of all humans around the world,” the representative of Rivas Vaciamadrid told The Electronic Intifada.
“In spite of all the legal limitations, the municipal government of Rivas Vaciamadrid remains convinced that the local government has the obligation, and our citizens expect of us, to participate in the struggle for human rights and a better world for all.”
The city representative said that the resolution had the wide support of the city, and was only opposed by the two right-wing political parties on the city council.
Meanwhile, Langreo is also appealing the court's ruling, resisting the idea that an Israeli advocacy group can prevent the city from taking a stand against human rights violations.
But other cities have been forced to fold even before a court can rule.
At least five cities have withdrawn their motions after receiving threatening letters from ACOM, according to RESCOP's data. Ana Sanchez Mera, a member of RESCOP based in Madrid, said these are small villages that cannot afford to defend the resolution in court.
ACOM wants to claim these as wins for its side, but Sanchez Mera stressed that there are no rulings in these cases; the cities simply don't have the resources to fight ACOM in court.
Little public information on ACOM is available. Their website is in English and Spanish but has little to say about who they are, instead stating vaguely that they represent a network of “activists and supporters” in Spain.
Scant popular support for ACOM
According to the cities and towns visited by ACOM, however, it is an organization made up of just a few men. Angel Mas is the chairman and Ignacio Wenley Palacios is the head lawyer.
When ACOM sues a city, the organization is not joined by residents of that city or other Spanish citizens, according to those who have spoken to The Electronic Intifada. Even though the Spanish court has recognized ACOM as representing the interests of Israel and the Jewish community in Madrid, it is often just Mas or Palacios who shows up to argue in court against a town's resolution.
RESCOP's Sanchez Mera admits this has been a setback for the campaign, but not in the way that ACOM has presented it to the media. To The Jerusalem Post, ACOM brags that it's stacking up the judicial victories. For Sanchez Mera, the litigation ties up RESCOP's time and energy, but has also helped galvanize commitment among grassroots activists.
“It's clear what the interests of ACOM are: they are protecting Israel's interests while BDS is trying to protect human rights,” Sanchez Mera said. “I think it is good that this is exploding. I think this is making the movement stronger. We have better motions now. We have more support.”
In Europe, France is the model pro-Israel advocates hope other countries follow. Even before the launch of the global BDS movement by Palestinian civil society in 2005, France passed an anti-boycott law that has since been applied to BDS, saying boycotts against nations are illegal forms of discrimination against countries and their citizens.
Outlawing dissent
The UK is reportedly mulling similar legislation, though governments in Ireland, Sweden and the Netherlands have affirmed the right to boycott.
American states are also working out where they fall on the right to boycott, with some states going so far as to create blacklists of companies that have ended contracts with Israel following boycott campaigns.
In Spain, where regional autonomy and public participation are prized, the courts have not taken a clear side. But there has been a general warming at the higher levels of politics in Spain towards Israel.
At the beginning of this year, the Spanish government compensated Ariel University, located in a West Bank settlement, more than $100,000 per the recommendation of the Council of State, for excluding Ariel from participating in a scientific competition in 2010.
The Council of State is considered the government's most important consultative body and is composed mostly of former politicians who are appointed by the government.
The body found the government violated European laws against discrimination based on nationality or place of origin.
But RESCOP and the scores of local BDS groups across Spain still working with their governments are not deterred.
“The Israeli Apartheid Free Zones campaign across the Spanish state is inspiring similar efforts in other countries,” Riya Hassan, the European coordinator for the BDS National Committee, said in a recent press release.
“At a time of a growing democratic deficit across the European continent, it is empowering to witness how citizens are integrating solidarity with Palestinians with domestic agendas that promote social, economic and environmental justice.”
Charlotte Silver is associate editor of The Electronic Intifada.
If you're against marijuana dispensaries setting up shop on your block, you're rooting for higher crime rates.
That's the surprising conclusion of new research, published this month in the Journal of Urban Economics. The researchers found that Los Angeles neighborhoods saw a spike in crime in places where the city forced pot shops to shutter.
“Contrary to popular wisdom, we find an immediate increase in crime around dispensaries ordered to close relative to those allowed to remain open,” write coauthors Tom Chang at the University of Southern California and Mireille Jacobson at the University of California, Irvine.
Many Americans, it seems, have a NIMBY attitude to weed. Surveys have revealed that while 90 percent support the availability of medical marijuana, nearly have don't want it sold close to where they live, the article notes. Presumably, people worry that dispensaries will attract the wrong sort of people doing the wrong sort of business. Or, maybe, that junkies in the area would turn to theft in order to pay for their habit.
Article continues below Our Science and Innovation teams bring you all of today's news that's helping shape your tomorrow. Thank you for subscribing! There was an error subscribing. Please try again. Sign up for our newsletter:
A sign advertises an LA clinic offering medical marijuana evaluations and prescriptions.
That was part of the reasoning of the City of Los Angeles when it decided to cap the number of marijuana dispensaries allowed to operate in 2010. While in retrospect this decision was based on a false premise, it did provide the researchers an opportunity for a controlled experiment in the real world. They compared crime rates in the immediate vicinity of 180 dispensaries allowed to remain open and 417 forced to close.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
It turns out that crime went up near the shuttered pot shops immediately, especially the sorts of crime that might reasonably be deterred by having more people on the streets, like vehicle break-ins.
The researchers noticed a similar pattern when they looked at data from temporary restaurant closures, suggesting that it's not specifically dispensaries that reduce local crime, but any sort of shop that's going to increase foot traffic through the area.
So, if a marijuana dispensary wants to come to your neighborhood, its potential impact on crime depends on context. If the business is replacing an existing shop that generates a comparable amount of people walking by, likely there will be little effect. But if the pot shop is filling a vacancy, the potential to reduce neighborhood crime is significant, particularly if it's within walking distance of residential areas. (The researchers found less of an effect in car-dependent neighborhoods, where people would normally need to drive to the shops.)
It's fortunate that Los Angeles's bad decision led to such solid evidence to inform future policy, if only the politicians could stop wailing about the safety of the children for long enough to listen.
Led by its left-wing media reporter Brian Stelter and anchor Wolf Blitzer, CNN spent two days this week gleefully bashing Fox News and Louisiana Republican Governor Bobby Jindal for doing the exact same thing CNN has been doing for two years: reporting on Muslim “no go zones” in Europe as fact. Wednesday night, under pressure from the Washington Post and others, primetime anchor Anderson Cooper did what Stelter and others at CNN have not yet shown the moral courage to do: end the hypocritical cover up:
“On Monday night on this program, we aired a report that was critical of Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and Fox News for continually saying that there were ‘no-go zones' in England and elsewhere,” Cooper said. “I think if you're going to point fingers at others' mistakes, you should also acknowledge your own mistakes, and we didn't do that on the program,” he added, without explaining why, if he felt that way, the show had not acknowledged CNN's error when it reported FNC's.
“In the wave of the Paris attacks, several guests on this program mentioned ‘no-go zones' in France,” Cooper said. “I didn't challenge them and twice referred to them as well. I should have been more skeptical,” he added, and promised he would not make the same mistake again.
Outside of CNN's own reporting there is a wealth of evidence that these Muslim “no go zones” exist. Nevertheless, four times now Fox News has apologized on-air over the issue.
What's striking, though, is that the left-wing CNN has only apologized once for 1) doing what Fox News did. 2) Trashing Fox News for doing what CNN did. 3) Trashing Jindal for doing what CNN did. 4) Covering up its own reporting of “no go zones” while trashing others for reporting the same.
Apparently, using lies to accuse others of racism (which is what this is really about) is now CNN's default position. CNN's Ferguson and George Zimmerman debacles were not mistakes. It is now pretty obvious that CNN's editorial guidelines demand the hurling of accusations of racism before knowing any of the facts — before even going back and looking at CNN's own reporting from just a few weeks ago.
Regardless, Cooper deserves credit for ending the cover up and fully disclosing CNN's dishonest hypocrisy on this issue. Will Stelter, Blitzer, and others display the same integrity?
John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
Aspiring filmmaker Mark Twitchell has been found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison for bludgeoning, stabbing and dismembering a stranger.
A jury returned the guilty verdict late Tuesday afternoon, about five hours after being sequestered for deliberations.
Twitchell, 31, used an online dating site to lure Altinger, 38, to a rented garage in south Edmonton on Oct. 10, 2008, before killing him.
Twitchell then dismembered the body and dumped the remains in a north Edmonton sewer.
Johnny Altinger is shown in an undated photo. Altinger was bludgeoned and stabbed to death in a south Edmonton garage on Oct. 10, 2008. (CBC) He showed no reaction as the verdict was read, although a gasp was heard in the courtroom.
Altinger's mother, Elfriede, began to cry.
She said in her victim-impact statement that she can't allow herself to think about the pain and horror her son must have endured.
She wrote that she doesn't wish the death penalty on Twitchell, but that she wants him to reflect on what he'd done and "die a slow death every day of his life."
Justice Terry Clackson thanked the jury and offered counselling services to those who felt they needed it.
"It has been a very difficult case, even for some of us who have been in this business for a long time," said Clackson. "You have been stoic."
Jury did not see document
Through the trial the jury heard 18 days of testimony and saw 111 exhibits.
—A Profile of a Psychopath
But the jury was not shown one document discovered on Twitchell's laptop. The seven-page essay, called A Profile of a Psychopath, had been deleted.
In it the author, believed by investigators to be Twitchell, analyzes his own personality and behaviour. The author admitted while he doesn't fit perfectly the description of a psychopath, he is a pathological liar.
"I habitually lied my entire life," he wrote. "Despite my incredibly well adjusted and healthy family life and upbringing, it never stopped.
"I always apologized but never meant it and never corrected the behaviour."
'Distinct lack of empathy'
The author also claimed he has never felt empathy.
"For as long as I can remember I have always had a distinct lack of empathy, I've always had a dark side I've had to sugarcoat for the world."
Mark Twitchell shown during an interview with the CBC in 2007. (CBC) He went on to write, "On my journey of discovering my disorder, I've discovered my killer instinct.
"I've often fantasized about killing people who have wronged me or threatened to hurt me or my family in the future, but that's where it ends."
Actually carrying out a murder, he said, doesn't make sense.
"I don't feel that taking someone else's life is worth the loss of my freedom or the amount of time, energy or expense one needs to put in, in order to conduct such acts."
The other major consideration is his work, he said.
"I can direct my dark energies into my film work."
"As a producer I can profit from the sale and distribution of my work. But as a serial killer I would get nothing more than a quick rush of adrenalin and a prison sentence to follow."
Never hurt animals
But in other ways the author does not fit the profile of a serial killer, he said.
"I do not con or prey on my family members or friends. I never hurt animals as a child either."
But he admits to cheating regularly on his wife, who he describes as "an excellent mother to our child, and the greatest partner that anyone could ever ask for."
"I still cheat, but only for the thrill of it," he said.
He once tried to be totally honest with his wife, he said.
"I had a conversation with my wife one night where we fully explored my lack of empathy," he said. "She asked me a variety of probing questions. Every answer I gave her, although truthful this time, were deeply disappointing to her. No after no when she was looking for yes after yes."
Automatic life sentence
Twitchell's fondness for the Dexter television show was well-documented during the trial, and he had a Facebook profile under the name of protagonist Dexter Morgan, a vigilante serial killer.
Twitchell had claimed he lured Altinger to the garage to create online buzz for a short film about a Dexter-like killer, which he produced in the garage two weeks earlier and was calling House of Cards.
He testified when Altinger became angry at being made a fool and attacked him, he beat and stabbed him in self-defence.
Twitchell has been sentenced to life in prison with no chance to apply for parole for 25 years.
St. Louis Cardinals completed their 135th season in the MLB with a record of 86-76. We are here to provide you St. Louis Cardinals schedule 2017 as well as information on How to watch St. Louis Cardinals online.
St. Louis Cardinals Regular Season Schedule 2017
Post Season schedules will be posted if the St. Louis Cardinals make it.
Here are the plots of some new dystopian novels, set in the near future. The world got too hot, so a wealthy celebrity persuaded a small number of very rich people to move to a makeshift satellite that, from orbit, leaches the last nourishment the earth has to give, leaving everyone else to starve. The people on the satellite have lost their genitals, through some kind of instant mutation or super-quick evolution, but there is a lot of sex anyway, since it's become fashionable to have surgical procedures to give yourself a variety of appendages and openings, along with decorative skin grafts and tattoos, there being so little else to do. There are no children, but the celebrity who rules the satellite has been trying to create them by torturing women from the earth's surface. (“We are what happens when the seemingly unthinkable celebrity rises to power,” the novel's narrator says.) Or: North Korea deployed a brain-damaging chemical weapon that made everyone in the United States, or at least everyone in L.A., an idiot, except for a few people who were on a boat the day the scourge came, but the idiots, who are otherwise remarkably sweet, round up and kill those people, out of fear. Led by a man known only as the Chief, the idiots build a wall around downtown to keep out the Drifters and the stupidest people, the Shamblers, who don't know how to tie shoes or button; they wander around, naked and barefoot. Thanks, in part, to the difficulty of clothing, there is a lot of sex, random and unsatisfying, but there are very few children, because no one knows how to take care of them. (The jacket copy bills this novel as “the first book of the Trump era.”) Or: Machines replaced humans, doing all the work and providing all the food, and, even though if you leave the city it is hotter everywhere else, some huffy young people do, because they are so bored, not to mention that they are mad at their parents, who do annoying things like run giant corporations. The runaways are called walkaways. (I gather they're not in a terribly big hurry.) They talk about revolution, take a lot of baths, upload their brains onto computers, and have a lot of sex, but, to be honest, they are very boring. Or: Even after the coasts were lost to the floods when the ice caps melted, the American South, defying a new federal law, refused to give up fossil fuels, and seceded, which led to a civil war, which had been going on for decades, and was about to be over, on Reunification Day, except that a woman from Louisiana who lost her whole family in the war went to the celebration and released a poison that killed a hundred million people, which doesn't seem like the tragedy it might have been, because in this future world, as in all the others, there's not much to live for, what with the petty tyrants, the rotten weather, and the crappy sex. It will not give too much away if I say that none of these novels have a happy ending (though one has a twist). Then again, none of them have a happy beginning, either. Dystopias follow utopias the way thunder follows lightning. This year, the thunder is roaring. But people are so grumpy, what with the petty tyrants and such, that it's easy to forget how recently lightning struck. “Whether we measure our progress in terms of wiredness, open-mindedness, or optimism, the country is moving in the right direction, and faster, perhaps, than even we would have believed,” a reporter for Wired wrote in May, 2000. “We are, as a nation, better educated, more tolerant, and more connected because of—not in spite of—the convergence of the internet and public life. Partisanship, religion, geography, race, gender, and other traditional political divisions are giving way to a new standard—wiredness—as an organizing principle.” Nor was the utopianism merely technological, or callow. In January, 2008, Barack Obama gave a speech in New Hampshire, about the American creed: It was a creed written into the founding documents that declared the destiny of a nation: Yes, we can. It was whispered by slaves and abolitionists as they blazed a trail towards freedom through the darkest of nights: Yes, we can. It was sung by immigrants as they struck out from distant shores and pioneers who pushed westward against an unforgiving wilderness: Yes, we can. . . . Yes, we can heal this nation. Yes, we can repair this world. Yes, we can. That was the lightning, the flash of hope, the promise of perfectibility. The argument of dystopianism is that perfection comes at the cost of freedom. Every new lament about the end of the republic, every column about the collapse of civilization, every new novel of doom: these are its answering thunder. Rumble, thud, rumble, ka-boom, KA-BOOM!
A utopia is a paradise, a dystopia a paradise lost. Before utopias and dystopias became imagined futures, they were imagined pasts, or imagined places, like the Garden of Eden. “I have found a continent more densely peopled and abounding in animals than our Europe or Asia or Africa, and, in addition, a climate milder and more delightful than in any other region known to us,” Amerigo Vespucci wrote, in extravagant letters describing his voyages across the Atlantic, published in 1503 as “Mundus Novus_,”_ a new world. In 1516, Thomas More published a fictional account of a sailor on one of Vespucci's ships who had travelled just a bit farther, to the island of Utopia, where he found a perfect republic. (More coined the term: “utopia” means “nowhere.”) “Gulliver's Travels” (1726) is a satire of the utopianism of the Enlightenment. On the island of Laputa, Gulliver visits the Academy of Lagado, where the sages, the first progressives, are busy trying to make pincushions out of marble, breeding naked sheep, and improving the language by getting rid of all the words. The word “dystopia,” meaning “an unhappy country,” was coined in the seventeen-forties, as the historian Gregory Claeys points out in a shrewd new study, “Dystopia: A Natural History” (Oxford). In its modern definition, a dystopia can be apocalyptic, or post-apocalyptic, or neither, but it has to be anti-utopian, a utopia turned upside down, a world in which people tried to build a republic of perfection only to find that they had created a republic of misery. “A Trip to the Island of Equality,” a 1792 reply to Thomas Paine's “Rights of Man,” is a dystopia (on the island, the pursuit of equality has reduced everyone to living in caves), but Mary Shelley's 1826 novel, “The Last Man,” in which the last human being dies in the year 2100 of a dreadful plague, is not dystopian; it's merely apocalyptic. The dystopian novel emerged in response to the first utopian novels, like Edward Bellamy's best-selling 1888 fantasy, “Looking Backward,” about a socialist utopia in the year 2000. “Looking Backward” was so successful that it produced a dozen anti-socialist, anti-utopian replies, including “Looking Further Backward” (in which China invades the United States, which has been weakened by its embrace of socialism) and “Looking Further Forward” (in which socialism is so unquestionable that a history professor who refutes it is demoted to the rank of janitor). In 1887, a year before Bellamy, the American writer Anna Bowman Dodd published “The Republic of the Future,” a socialist dystopia set in New York in 2050, in which women and men are equal, children are reared by the state, machines handle all the work, and most people, having nothing else to do, spend much of their time at the gym, obsessed with fitness. Dodd describes this world as “the very acme of dreariness.” What is a dystopia? The gym. (That's still true. In a 2011 episode of “Black Mirror,” life on earth in an energy-scarce future has been reduced to an interminable spin class.) Utopians believe in progress; dystopians don't. They fight this argument out in competing visions of the future, utopians offering promises, dystopians issuing warnings. In 1895, in “The Time Machine,” H. G. Wells introduced the remarkably handy device of travelling through time by way of a clock. After that, time travel proved convenient, but even Wells didn't always use a machine. In his 1899 novel, “When the Sleeper Awakes,” his hero simply oversleeps his way to the twenty-first century, where he finds a world in which people are enslaved by propaganda, and “helpless in the hands of the demagogue.” That's one problem with dystopian fiction: forewarned is not always forearmed. Sleeping through the warning signs is another problem. “I was asleep before,” the heroine of “The Handmaid's Tale” says in the new Hulu production of Margaret Atwood's 1986 novel. “That's how we let it happen.” But what about when everyone's awake, and there are plenty of warnings, but no one does anything about them? “NK3,” by Michael Tolkin (Atlantic), is an intricate and cleverly constructed account of the aftermath of a North Korean chemical attack; the NK3 of the title has entirely destroyed its victims' memories and has vastly diminished their capacity to reason. This puts the novel's characters in the same position as the readers of all dystopian fiction: they're left to try to piece together not a whodunnit but a howdidithappen. Seth Kaplan, who'd been a pediatric oncologist, pages through periodicals left in a seat back on a Singapore Airlines jet, on the ground at LAX. The periodicals, like the plane, hadn't moved since the plague arrived. “It confused Seth that the plague was front-page news in some but not all of the papers,” Tolkin writes. “They still printed reviews of movies and books, articles about new cars, ways to make inexpensive costumes for Halloween.” Everyone had been awake, but they'd been busy shopping for cars and picking out movies and cutting eyeholes in paper bags.
This spring's blighted crop of dystopian novels is pessimistic about technology, about the economy, about politics, and about the planet, making it a more abundant harvest of unhappiness than most other heydays of downheartedness. The Internet did not stitch us all together. Economic growth has led to widening economic inequality and a looming environmental crisis. Democracy appears to be yielding to authoritarianism. “Hopes, dashed” is, lately, a long list, and getting longer. The plane is grounded, seat backs in the upright position, and we are dying, slowly, of stupidity. “I don't know—I think we should look for funnier car insurance.” Pick your present-day dilemma; there's a new dystopian novel to match it. Worried about political polarization? In “American War” (Knopf), Omar El Akkad traces the United States' descent from gridlock to barbarism as the states of the former Confederacy (or, at least, the parts that aren't underwater) refuse to abide by the Sustainable Future Act, and secede in 2074. Troubled by the new Jim Crow? Ben H. Winters's “Underground Airlines” (Little, Brown) is set in an early-twenty-first-century United States in which slavery abides, made crueller, and more inescapable, by the giant, unregulated slave-owning corporations that deploy the surveillance powers of modern technology, so that even escaping to the North (on underground airlines) hardly offers much hope, since free blacks in cities like Chicago live in segregated neighborhoods with no decent housing or schooling or work and it's the very poverty in which they live that defeats arguments for abolition by hardening ideas about race. As the book's narrator, a fugitive slave, explains, “Black gets to mean poor and poor to mean dangerous and all the words get murked together and become one dark idea, a cloud of smoke, the smokestack fumes drifting like filthy air across the rest of the nation.” Radical pessimism is a dismal trend. The despair, this particular publishing season, comes in many forms, including the grotesque. In “The Book of Joan” (Harper), Lidia Yuknavitch's narrator, Christine Pizan, is forty-nine, and about to die, because she's living on a satellite orbiting the earth, where everyone is executed at the age of fifty; the wet in their bodies constitutes the colony's water supply. (Dystopia, here, is menopause.) Her body has aged: “If hormones have any meaning left for any of us, it is latent at best.” She examines herself in the mirror: “I have a slight rise where each breast began, and a kind of mound where my pubic bone should be, but that's it. Nothing else of woman is left.” Yuknavitch's Pizan is a resurrection of the medieval French scholar and historian Christine de Pisan, who in 1405 wrote the allegorical “Book of the City of Ladies,” and, in 1429, “The Song of Joan of Arc,” an account of the life of the martyr. In the year 2049, Yuknavitch's Pizan writes on her body, by a torturous process of self-mutilation, the story of a twenty-first-century Joan, who is trying to save the planet from Jean de Men (another historical allusion), the insane celebrity who has become its ruler. In the end, de Men himself is revealed to be “not a man but what is left of a woman,” with “all the traces: sad, stitched-up sacks of flesh where breasts had once been, as if someone tried too hard to erase their existence. And a bulbous sagging gash sutured over and over where . . . life had perhaps happened in the past, or not, and worse, several dangling attempts at half-formed penises, sewn and abandoned, distended and limp.” Equal rights for women, emancipation, Reconstruction, civil rights: so many hopes, dashed; so many causes, lost. Pisan pictured a city of women; Lincoln believed in union; King had a dream. Yuknavitch and El Akkad and Winters unspool the reels of those dreams, and recut them as nightmares. This move isn't new, or daring; it is, instead, very old. The question is whether it's all used up, as parched as a post-apocalyptic desert, as barren as an old woman, as addled as an old man.
Dimitri brings this week's case against his boyfriend, Landon. Whenever the two of them go out to eat at their neighborhood diner, Dimitri wants Landon to sit next to him, leaving the other side of the booth empty. Landon isn't terribly enthusiastic about this, telling Dimitri that it's a little too lovey-dovey for his liking. Will Landon have to take Dimitri's side? Only Judge John Hodgman can decide.
STREAM OR DOWNLOAD THIS PODCAST
UPDATE ON EPISODE 85: IPSO LACTO
SUBSCRIBE TO THIS PODCAST in ITUNES or the RSS FEED
Special thanks to Paul Ruh for suggesting this title.
UPDATE ON EPISODE 85: IPSO LACTO
The evidence for this week's case is purely circumstancial, so no photographs or videos here. However, we do have an update on the Ipso Lacto case from last November. You may remember that his Honor ruled that Angela had to subject herself to American cheese. Angela's account of the event and photographic evidence is available on our forum.
When the Trump family has tried to explain away Donald Trump Jr.'s most suspicious meetings with Russian officials, or the president's with Vladimir Putin himself, they said they were just talking about orphans. But in the annals of Washington's deeply troubled relations with Putin, that's code: They were discussing sanctions.
In 2012, the U.S. Congress and the Obama administration imposed financial and travel restrictions on some of Putin's closest allies because of mistreatment—or worse—that lead to the death of a whistleblowing tax lawyer in a Russian prison. The lawyer, Sergei Magnitsky, had exposed a massive $230 million fraud committed by officials.
The Magnitsky Act, as the law is known, bars dozens of Russian officials from entering the U.S. or using its banking system because of their alleged involvement in Magnitsky's death and other human rights violations.
Putin retaliated against the U.S. by blocking American adoption of Russian children, many of whom were physically or mentally impaired.
Since then, the Russian campaign to discredit the narrative of Magnitsky's death, and get the sanctions overturned, has been one of Putin's obsessions. What could be better than a report by a critic of his regime who suddenly saw the light and changed his views entirely?
This is the story of Andrei Nekrasov, a man who previously made documentaries saying that Putin's rise to power was cemented by government-orchestrated bombings of apartment buildings in the dead of the night.
Now, Nekrasov appears on Russian TV saying that he investigated Magnitsky and saw the light, that the Magnitsky affair is one big hoax.
Nekrasov is central to the story of the Magnitsky sanctions because it is his film that was used to try to recruit Rep. Dana Rohrabacher to the Russian cause. And Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump Jr. to talk adoptions, paid for and attended a screening of Nekrasov's movie in D.C. just days later.
In Magnitsky Act: Behind the Scenes, Nekrasov tells the story of how he was planning to put together an exposé about the whistleblower's death at the hands of Russian authorities. Instead, he says he uncovered a massive lie by Magnitsky's employer, American-born businessman Bill Browder, who became a leading proponent of sanctioning Russian officials after Magnitsky's death in a Russian prison in 2009. Nekrasov questions not only the narrative of Magnitsky's death by beating, but that of a Russian tax theft more broadly.
It's not clear when Nekrasov filmed key parts of Magnitsky Act, but he absolves the Russian government of any responsibility for Magnitsky's death. The film follows Nekrasov as he supposedly figures out the truth that has eluded everyone else.
Browder told The Daily Beast that most of the interview footage of him used in the movie was filmed in 2010 after a talk in Finland, when Nekrasov's then-girlfriend, a Finnish member of the European Parliament named Heidi Hautala, asked Browder to sit down with the filmmaker.
“Because he was validated by such an important politician, I had no concerns about his intentions,” Browder said.
Years went by before Browder said he heard from Nekrasov again. Browder said he chalked up the silence to thinking Nekrasov was “a disorganized artist guy who couldn't get his project done if he wanted to.”
Nekrasov was by this point an award-winning filmmaker.
They ran into each other again in 2015 at the Oslo Freedom Forum. Nekrasov told Browder he had big funding for the movie and asked him to collaborate, Browder says.
“ There was something a bit odd about it, I didn't feel right about it,” Browder says of the meeting, which appears in the film.
Nekrasov appeared again at a book party for Browder, and got the financier to agree to a final interview. Browder said his suspicions weren't allayed.
“ I said to him, on tape, it sounds like you're part of the FSB,” Browder recalled. “Those are FSB questions.”
In the tense scene from the film, Browder gets up to leave and advises Nekrasov that his questions sound like the FSB party line, akin to the claim that there are no Russian soldiers fighting in Ukraine.
Nekrasov also interviewed Magnitsky's mother, Natalya Magnitskaya, while still presenting himself as exposing the men responsible for her son's death.
Nekrasov sent The Daily Beast a five-page memo responding to questions for this article, and accusing the media of bias against him simply because of his Russian background. He reiterated that the film had begun as a laudatory documentary about Magnitsky, but that his views changed, in particular after he interviewed the author of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe report on Magnitsky's death, Andreas Gross.
“ Mr. Gross told me that Magnitsky had not been murdered, but that he died because the jailers did not look well enough after him,” Nekrasov said.
But Gross disavowed Nekrasov's final product, and called some of Nekrasov's claims “demonstrably false.” In particular, the men disagree over whether Magnitsky implicated police officers in his June 2008 testimony.
“ This is NOT true,” Nekrasov responded.
“ Once again Katie, do you trust someone, who himself confesses to having no Russian, and not me?” Nekrasov wrote. “Do you seriously think I would spend years making this internationally produced film and misrepresent these key documents for anyone to look at?”
Nekrasov railed against Browder as a man who used the political climate of instability to become “a rich guy (who made all his money in the corrupt Russia).”
In one of the film's eureka moments, Nekrasov points to testimony given by Magnitsky in October 2008 as proof that the theft was actually reported not by him but by a pensioner who accused Browder's companies for wrongdoing.
But Browder's employees had filed another document with police five months before the pensioner's supposed statements, saying they feared the documents seized in a search of their office were used to perpetrate the fraud.
“Who is the person who reported the crime first?” Nekrasov asks rhetorically in the film.
Browder says he didn't find out about the movie until promotions started in 2016. Congressman Dana Rohrabacher was invited to an exclusive screening at the Newseum, funded by Veselnitskaya's group. Browder and his team worked up a response to the nearly three-hour film, which claims to capture Nekrasov's realization that Browder's claims of Magnitsky's death at the hands of Russian authorities were all lies.
The movie is so flattering to the Russian narrative that Pavel Karpov—one of the police officers accused of being responsible for Magnitsky's death—plays himself.
The Daily Beast asked Nekrasov about how he got Karpov to agree to participate in an in-line question in the lengthy statement he sent responding to initial questions. He first declined to open the attachment for fear of hacking.
“When I at last got hold of [Karpov's] number and rang him up, he set no preconditions for being interviewed. He did listen carefully, though, to my long speech on the phone, about wanting to give his version of the story a fair chance,” Nekrasov later wrote. “As for my own state of mind at that point in time, I was mainly after the scoop production value of having the guy in my show. I also wanted, ideally, to get some strong reaction from my actor on camera. Someone playing a villain, meeting the real thing.”
Browder says Europe's strong anti-defamation laws, which often apply to both living and dead people, helped stop the screening in Brussels after his legal team pointed out the factual flaws. But Nekrasov and his allies claim that the billionaire Browder bullied their little film into near-obscurity.
Except not quite. The film was still shown in Norway—and in D.C. at the Newseum in the screening was introduced by veteran journalist Sy Hersh.
But Browder says he doesn't think Nekrasov is an agent of the Russian state.
“In my view, he has no political views whatsoever,” Browder told The Daily Beast.
Nekrasov says he remains independent.
“I am a consistent critic of oligarchic capitalist system that has robbed the Russian people and have introduced a ‘culture' of neo-slavery in the country,” Nekrasov said. “Bill Browder is, or at least, most certainly was, a part of that oligarchic-capitalist system.”
Before Nekrasov began working on the Magnitsky film, he agreed to work on a documentary about the fall of the Soviet Union with American journalist David Satter. It was supposed to be based on Satter's book, Age of Delirium. Satter had no filmmaking experience, so he reached out to Nekrasov for help.
They'd gotten to know one another when Nekrasov based his documentary about 1999 apartment building bombings in Moscow heavily around a recorded interview with Satter. In the documentary, Nekrasov advances the idea that the bombings, which killed 293 people and were blamed on Chechen extremists, were actually orchestrated by Russian security services to cement Putin's grip on power. (Nekrasov told The Daily Beast he stands by those films.)
“Why is it important [to the FSB] that he made a movie about the bombings?” Satter asked. “Because they can later use him later for other purposes, and he'll have high believability.”
Satter says they were connected for that taping by Alexander Goldfarb, a Russian opposition figure close to oligarch Boris Berezovsky. (Attempts to reach Goldfarb for comment were unsuccessful.)
Goldfarb asked if a German film crew could tape Satter at a book talk, Satter told The Daily Beast. Nekrasov holds German citizenship, according to Satter.
The story of Berezovsky and Nekrasov is a tale of post-Soviet intrigue.
Berezovsky rode the wave of post-Soviet privatization to wealth and power. He was even a booster of Putin in his rise to power, and won a seat in the Duma, or Russian parliament, on a pro-Putin platform in 2000. But the men had a falling out shortly after Putin became president.
Berezovsky was soon living in the U.K. in exile, hurling accusations at Putin, including the claim that the 1999 bombings were orchestrated to help Putin cement his grip on power. Berezovsky got asylum in the U.K. in 2003.
Berezovsky was also linked to another of Nekrasov's projects: a film on the poisoning of ex-FSB lieutenant colonel Alexander Litvinenko.
Like Berezovsky, Litvinenko was a man of the system who'd fallen out with it. In 1998, Litvinenko claimed to have uncovered a plot within the FSB to kill Berezovsky. Litvinenko subsequently fled to Britain, where he joined Berezovsky in allegations that the 1999 Moscow apartment building bombings were a government plot, and wrote other books criticizing Putin and the FSB.
In 2006, Litvinenko was killed by Russian assassins in London with a lethal dose of radioactive polonium in his tea.
Nekrasov began to work on a film about Litvinenko's murder. The movie, which like much of Nekrasov's work, features the filmmaker as a main character, starts with an apparent threat to Nekrasov's life because of his work on Litvinenko's death.
Satter entered into an agreement with two of Nekrasov's production companies in 2005 to produce the film based on his book, according to an arbitration statement filed as part of a lawsuit in New York Supreme Court. The Hudson Institute, where Satter works, contributed $300,000 for the project and Nekrasov agreed to contribute €76,500, according to the statement. Satter hoped to put out the film in 2011, for the 20th anniversary of the collapse of the USSR.
But five years later, Satter said he still hadn't even gotten a draft from Nekrasov. The lawsuit accuses Nekrasov of faked illnesses, broken promises, and evasive statements, after which Satter was left to finish the film on his own.
“He dragged out the process of making the film for years, constantly finding other things to do, spending the film's money, and finally disappeared,” Satter told The Daily Beast. “And went to work on another film of the same subject.”
The suit adds that Nekrasov would not account for the $300,000 in funding that had gone into the project. And it claims that the grant which Nekrasov said his portion would come from “did not exist.”
A New York judge confirmed the arbitration finding in July 2013, ordering Nekrasov's companies to pay Satter $94,340. Satter says he hasn't seen a penny of it. He also says he connected Nekrasov with dissidents only to later see their interviews in a film that spoke positively of Belarusian dictator Alexander Lukashenko.
Nekrasov said he disputed many of Satter's claims, and said he often worked for free on the underfunded project. He also said he was unaware of the suit and any other legal action against him.
When provided with a copy of the ruling in the case, Nekrasov said he didn't feel comfortable opening documents sent via email attachment.
“They are NOT my companies! Absolutely not,” Nekrasov wrote. “So I was right, the lawsuit involved companies, not myself. That is why they can't enforce that ruling, I suppose.”
The website for one of the companies, Dreamscanner, loads to a page for Nekrasov's late wife.
Berezovsky, the key figure behind at least two of Nekrasov's films, died in 2013. He was found hanging in his Berkshire home.
It's next year's Super Bowl game, and with seconds to go and his team trailing by four points, Tom Brady, quarterback of the New England Patriots, lofts a properly inflated football into the end zone, toward a receiver who is being closely covered by a Detroit Lions' defensive back. (This scenario is obviously a fantasy.) The back bumps the receiver slightly as the two players fight for position, and the ball bounces off the receiver's fingertips before falling to the turf.
New England fans howl in anger, claiming that, “according to the rules,” the receiver was interfered with. Detroit fans respond calmly that such marginal contact is almost never considered pass interference by officials, because, given the nature of NFL football, such a hyper-literal interpretation of the rules would lead to pass interference being called dozens of times in every game, which would ruin the sport.
Advertisement:
This scenario is a good metaphor for the outcome of King v. Burwell. In terms of ordinary statutory construction, this would be an easy case to decide – or, more accurately, there would be no case to decide, because the drafting error that created the opportunity for the plaintiffs to sue would either have gone unnoticed, or would have been fixed by subsequent legislative action.
But because this case was the legal equivalent of a game-deciding play at the end of the Super Bowl, the ordinary rules of statutory interpretation got tossed out the window for much of the litigation process. People opposed to the Affordable Care Act became the equivalent of New England fans outraged about the failure to call pass interference, claiming that the “rules” required the Supreme Court to impose a hyper-literal interpretation of one (in Chief Justice Roberts' words) “inartfully drafted” phrase in a many-thousand word statute, even though such an interpretation would produce a result that literally no one who voted for the law desired, and which would have wrecked the entire statutory scheme.
The ordinary rules work like this: If the apparent plain meaning of a phrase in a statute produces a result which seems to contradict the statute's overall structure and basic purposes, courts will consider whether that supposedly “plain” meaning may, under the circumstances, actually be ambiguous. If other evidence – which can be supplied by, for example, other language in the statute, and by the intentions and goals of those who voted for the law – indicates that the apparent plain meaning of the phrase in question may not actually be the meaning the legislature intended to convey, then these other sources of statutory meaning authorize courts to interpret the phrase in such a way as to reconcile it with the rest of the statute, and the actual intentions of the legislature.
If this had been an ordinary case -- that is, one not dealing with an extremely contentious political issue -- it's quite possible, and even likely, that no one would have ever noticed that one phrase in the statute seemed to contradict everything else in it. (As it stood, it took nine months after the bill was passed for anyone to note this.)
And if it had been an ordinary case and someone had noticed, the drafting error that triggered the litigation would have been quietly fixed with a simple technical correction to the statute. Legislatures enact such technical corrections routinely, as it's quite common for modern statutes -- long, complex documents that are very difficult to write, and even more difficult to read -- to contain such drafting errors.
But this was the last play of the Super Bowl, so naturally the fans of the losing team are crying foul, even though the refs simply enforced the rules as they're (almost) always enforced.
When Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte announced in China that “America has lost me,” he became the most recent leader within the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) to align with Beijing.
Duterte went one better in his speech on October 20 in China, proposing that an alliance between Manila, Beijing and Moscow could follow now that he had announced his “separation from the United States.”
A long-time ally of the US, Duterte's decision to swing Philippine foreign policy 180-degrees from Washington and into Beijing's “ideological flow,” followed international criticism of his shoot-to-kill policy in a so-called war on drugs that has left thousands of low-level dealers and drug users dead in his homeland.
Duterte's move toward Beijing marks the third Asean member, along with Cambodia and Laos, to hitch their foreign policies and their fortunes to the promises of an emerging China, particularly Chinese investment, condition-free aid and lots of low-interest loans.
Scholars interviewed by VOA Khmer said Manila's cozying-up to China might provide “short-term benefits,” including the Philippines avoiding conflict with China over maritime claims in the South China Sea.
However, Manila's realignment would have negative consequences for US influence in the Asean region diplomatically and economically, analysts said.
“If you can't beat China, you should join China. I think [Duterte's] also following the golden rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules,” said Ear Sophal, an associate professor at the Occidental College in Los Angeles, California.
Describing Duterte as “wily”, Sophal said the Philippines president appears to have followed the example of Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, who has long vowed loyalty to Beijing and has often done China's bidding within Asean on the South China Sea issue.
In return, Hun Sen has received billions in loans and investment from China, eclipsing more traditional aid donors such as Japan and Western countries who have sometimes sought promises of governance reforms in return for financing and development assistance.
“Duterte is definitely learning from the master himself, PM Hun Sen,” Sophal told VOA Khmer in an emailed response to questions.
During his visit to China in October, when he made his vow of support, Duterte also signed 13 bilateral agreements with Beijing, including trade agreements and financial assistance worth around $13.5 billion to the Philippines.
“It's a natural move,” said Kung Phoak, president of the Cambodian Institute for Strategic Studies (CISS).
“The economy of any Asian country depends on China's trade and investment, as do the Philippines or Cambodia,” Phoak told VOA Khmer.
John Ciorciari, professor of public policy at the University of Michigan, said the Philippines' realignment to China would be welcomed by Cambodia, which is now not the only openly pro-Beijing government in the Asean region.
“Duterte surely hopes for economic benefits from a closer relationship with China,” Ciorciari told VOA Khmer.
“For Cambodian leaders, a less assertive Philippine position on the South China Sea and a weaker US-Philippine alliance may be welcome in the short term, because it may lessen the tension with Asean over how to address China's advances in the South China Sea,” Ciorciari wrote by email.
Longer term, however, “He [Duterte] is setting the country on a dangerous path,” Ciorciari said.
Cambodia is much further along its own path with China, particularly on the South China Sea dispute.
In 2012, an Asean foreign ministers' summit in Phnom Penh failed to produce a joint statement for the first time in the association's 45-year history after Cambodia blocked any critical mention of China regarding tension in the South China Sea dispute.
Cambodia showed its loyalty to Beijing once again when it blocked yet another joint statement at the annual Asean meeting in Laos in July.
The Asean communiqué in Laos had included in draft form a reference to the UN Permanent Court of Arbitration, which had recently ruled in favor of the Philippines and against China in the South China Sea dispute. The case was brought to The Hague court in 2013 by Manila following tension with China over contested areas around the Spratly and Paracel islands.
China rejected the court ruling outright. Cambodia had received $600 million in aid and loans from China just prior to the Asean summit.
During a visit to Cambodia last month, Chinese President Xi Jinping wrote off about $90 million in debts, and pledged another $230 million in loans to the Hun Sen government, including $15 million in military aid.
China has provided around $15 billion in aid and loans to Phnom Penh over the past 20 years. That figure does not include the 1970s and 1980s, when Beijing was the primary donor to the Khmer Rouge government in Phnom Penh and when it was an armed faction in exile on the Thai border.
China will not immediately trust that the Philippines has changed foreign policy camps, and it will want to more than words of support from Duterte, said Sophal of the Occidental College.
“I expect that the Philippines will be a recipient of more Chinese assistance. But these things take time. It's not like China is going to suddenly give the Philippines billions,” he said.
“China's relationship with Cambodia is very special. Decades in the making. Plus, remember the Khmer Rouge? Anyhow, China is not stupid.”
More immediately, the Philippines' move gives China more influence in Asean.
“It obviously means Asean will be less interested in making statements against China,” Sophal said.
Despite Duterte's much publicized comments on breaking away from Washington in favor of China, the US State Department maintained last week that it had not received any official separation letter from Manila.
Speaking at a news conference in Phnom Penh on October 27, Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Daniel Russel said Washington respected Duterte's decision, and the independence of the Philippines in matters of foreign policy.
Russel said the Philippines turning to China did not reflect the failure of President Barack Obama's “rebalance to Asia” policy, adding that the rebalance could not be labeled with terms such as “success or failure.”
Ups and downs in bilateral relations are not a “verdict on the value of the American engagement,” Russel said.
Some believe that it is US engagement with Asean that might suffer the greatest following Duterte's swing to Beijing, which seems likely to provide China more influence in Asean,
“The US security relationship with the Philippines is a key pillar of the strategic architecture in Southeast Asia,” said Ciorciari, of the University of Michigan.
“If it cracks, wobbles or collapses, Asean states that see the US presence as helpful will have to adjust.”
With so many loving holidays on the way – Valentine's Day, Easter, Mother's and Father's Days – my mind wanders to recipes for fresh baked goodies like this one. These special vegan scones were ones that I originally created for my mother-in-law. She is English by heritage and by culinary taste, and she simply adores scones. However, my in-laws have been working hard to stay away from white flour and sugars for the past couple of years. In order to offer her a little treat that wouldn't derail their efforts, I baked up these vegan scones using a shredded organic Braeburn apple and a little coconut sugar for the sweetness.
I also decided to take the health factor one step further, by substituting coconut oil for what would typically be butter or shortening in your average scone recipe. Coconut oil solidifies just below room temperature, so it works well as a solid fat in many recipes. Just like chilled butter, I add the solid or slightly softened coconut oil with a pastry blender or fork to get that “crumb” consistency – a preparation method that is typically used with scones.
To keep these vegan scones soy-free, refined sugar-free, and relatively low in fat, I use So Delicious Unsweetened Vanilla Coconut Milk Beverage instead of cream. It is just rich enough and adds a nice hint of vanilla, but is sugar-free and low calorie.
As for the flour, I went with a whole wheat pastry flour, which is a touch lighter than ordinary whole wheat flour due to the lower-protein, soft wheat it is milled from. White-wheat flour should work nicely, too. If you prefer light and fluffy vegan scones, then you can replace all or part of the whole wheat pastry flour with all-purpose or even cake flour. The whole wheat pastry flour definitely makes for a heartier scone … something my palate prefers in the morning or for a re-energizing snack with tea.
I know what some of you may be wondering – coconut milk beverage, coconut sugar, coconut oil – do these vegan scones taste like coconut? Fortunately, unsweetened coconut milk beverage has most of the coconut “meat” removed, so it has a very mild flavor that doesn't overpower at all in baked recipes. All you get is some creamy goodness. Likewise, the coconut oil and coconut sugar are fairly mild, allowing the apple and cinnamon to shine through in these flavorful vegan scones. If you're still concerned, then you can use one of the other sweetener options that I've included in the recipe and you can substitute shortening (I recommend using organic palm shortening to keep away from the hydrogenated oils) in place of the coconut oil.
And oh yes, my in-laws and husband adore these apple cinnamon vegan scones!
Special Diet Notes: Apple Cinnamon Vegan Scones
By ingredients, this recipe is dairy-free / non-dairy, egg-free, nut-free, peanut-free, soy-free, vegan / plant-based, and vegetarian.
For gluten-free vegan scones, you can trial your favorite gluten-free flour blend. If you opt to use a gluten-free flour blend that doesn't contain any xanthan gum or guar gum, and is fairly low protein (such as a rice flour or starch blend), then I recommend adding about 1/2 teaspoon of xanthan or guar gum with the flours. Note that different four blends can produce varying results.
WASHINGTON -- From immigration to trade, U.S. policy is in for a shake-up when Donald Trump takes office as president next month. But the biggest change, according to British historian Niall Ferguson, will be in how America deals with the rest of the world.
Ferguson, a senior fellow of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University, sat down with the Nikkei Asian Review to discuss what the world can expect from President Trump and an administration that will "change U.S. foreign policy more than any administration has done in our lifetime."
Q: What is the main driver behind the Trump phenomenon?
A: Many people have jumped to the conclusion that populism is mainly about economics because populists focus on immigration, free trade and other similar issues. But there is a very noneconomic cultural component to it. Part of what people are reacting against is not just globalization but multiculturalism and a whole range of other ideas.
The cultural aspects are more important. What makes Trump popular and what made Brexit happen is a cultural backlash which has to do with immigration, but not only with immigration. It actually has to do with a whole complex of liberal ideas that members of the elite really like, cosmopolitan ideas about cultural relativism, feminism, all kinds of different liberal ideas that are profoundly unappealing to middle America, middle England, to people who perhaps didn't go to elite institutions to study and therefore don't feel the same enthusiasm for these ideas.
Q: Can you expand on the multicultural issue?
A: If one looks at polling data in the U.K and the U.S., it's very striking how populist voters, people who voted for Brexit or voted for Trump, expressed their dissatisfaction. It isn't just about employment. It isn't just about the economy generally. It's about the perception that, for example, policy has gone too far in giving advantages to minorities. It's about the sense of estrangement between middle America and the elite sissies on the coasts.
I cite often Charles Murray's book "Coming Apart." He argued there was a profound social polarization in America between elite, highly educated groups and a white working-class that felt not just economically but culturally alienated from the Obama presidency. And I think those issues can't be simplified with terms like racism. The reason the slogan "Make America Great Again" resonated with so many people was that they felt America had, in some measure, changed to their disadvantage. The Trump victory represented a relatively spontaneous backlash against this politically correct culture.
Q: Some experts have pointed out that global sentiment today is similar to what it was in the pre-World WarI or pre-WWII periods.
A: We need to avoid drawing comparisons with the 1930s because I don't think they are appropriate. Our economic situation is nothing so bad as in the 1930s, and the kind of movements that we see in Europe and the U.S. are not fascistic. There is a very important distinction to be drawn between populism and fascism. Populism is not militaristic. There are no Brexit supporters or Trump supporters in military uniform marching through the streets of Washington or London.
So we need to go further back in history to find a good analogy. It's much more helpful to look at the period after 1873, when a financial crisis led to a prolonged period of economic stagnation and deflation, which then triggered a populist backlash against free trade, large-scale immigration, powerful financial institutions and corrupt political elites. All of that happened in the 1870s and the 1880s in the U.S. and in Europe, and the resemblances are very close between that period and our own.
Q: What are the differences between now and the 1870s or 1880s?
A: The difference between our time and the late 19th century is that the international system is very different. So it matters a lot if the U.S. decides to turn away from free trade, free migration and international institutions, because since 1945 the international order has been based on a whole series of international institutions that the U.S. basically underwrote.
Populism in the late 19th century led to specific policies, such as tariffs on imports in many countries. It led to restrictions on immigration. For example, the U.S. in 1882 ended Chinese immigration. But it didn't totally change the international order because the international order in the late 19th century was based on empires.
Today, it's different. Populism challenges a whole international system based on collective security, international law, multilateral agreements and supranational agencies. The big question is how far the populist reaction against those things will change the international order and turn it back into something quite 19th century, in which great powers or empires essentially compete with one another through traditional power politics, diplomatic and military methods included.
Q: France and Germany are set to hold important elections in 2017. Do you think the situation is going to get worse?
A: I think "getting worse" is the wrong way to look at it. In many ways, Brexit and Trump were, in fact, improvements on a status quo that was failing. Clearly, things have to change in Europe. The Monetary Union has been a failure. One can't simply carry on pretending that it works, because the result is a permanent economic slump in southern Europe. The migration policy has been a disaster. They can't simply have open borders around the Mediterranean. So those things need to be changed. And I think Brexit may have sent the first of a series of signals to Europe's leaders to change their ways.
In history, nothing lasts forever. And the ideas and institutions of the Cold War have had a remarkably long life, considering that the Cold War ended 25 years ago. We probably need some new ideas at this point. So I think populism is, for all its kind of crudity and vulgarity, it's a healthy challenge to a status quo that was failing.
Q: Market participants welcome the tax cuts and infrastructure spending side of Trump's economic agenda, but they think his anti-free trade and anti-immigration policies will be disastrous for the U.S. economy. What is your view?
A: We got to be a little cautious here about the Keynesian elements in Trump's policy. I have my doubts about the benefits of deficit-financed infrastructure investment, especially when we're at full employment. As for trade wars, there's no upside there that I can see. If Trump decides to have a trade war with China by slapping on import duties on January 21, it's reasonable to think that the U.S. will suffer more than China.
What I do see though on the upside is a change in sentiment. The business [community] feels suddenly pleasantly surprised by Trump's victory, and they hear they're going to get tax cuts. You begin to see that Trump is generating a kind of mood swing comparable with the Reagan administration's first couple of years. If he can keep building that mood of confidence so that private sector investment goes up, then I think there's a chance we get out of the secular stagnation trap and into higher growth.
Q: Will Trump's foreign policy change how the U.S. acts as a superpower?
A: The scale of the change is still being underestimated by most people. I think this administration is going to change U.S. foreign policy more than any administration has done in our lifetime. Trump is repudiating the foreign policy of every president since Harry Truman. He is going to challenge fundamental assumptions about U.S. foreign policy, for example, that the U.S. should be primarily concerned with the defense of Western Europe and also East Asian allies against Russian aggression. I mean, that is clearly going to be challenged by those elements in the Trump administration that are openly pro-Russian.
Since 1972, the U.S. has basically had a good relationship with the People's Republic of China. I think Trump is challenging the very assumptions on which that good relationship has been based. I think a lot is in play here. It could also destabilize the Asia-Pacific region in ways that Trump's advisers may underestimate. Trump is going to change policy in the Middle East. He's going to get rid of Obama's pro-Iranian, anti-Arab, anti-Israeli strategy and go in exactly the opposite direction.
It will be a revolution in American foreign policy. And this is going to have a whole series of quite massive consequences. I think the very stability of NATO is going to be called into question by the pro-Russian stance of the new administration. I think the East-Asian order could become very disorderly if China reacts to Trump's opening gambits with naval action. This could escalate quite quickly. And if Trump is playing hardball on Taiwan, that plays right into the hands of the more nationalistic elements in Beijing.
Q: So will Trump likely take an isolationist approach in his foreign policy? Would that undermine U.S. power and influence?
A: It's a sort of mistake to call him an isolationist. I don't think those who advise him are isolationist at all. The key issue here is does Trump make the U.S. stronger or weaker? I think that if he is too impatient with the traditional institutions that we've talked about -- not only the alliances like NATO, but also the international institutions like the United Nations -- Trump may weaken the U.S. because American power has been partly magnified by a network of institutions and alliances.
On the other hand, if Trump succeeds in reviving the U.S. economy, increasing the growth rate significantly and challenging the assumptions of unfriendly powers, then he may actually succeed in making the position of the U.S. stronger.
The U.S. is on a course for relative decline already. Trump's people are going to try and halt and reverse America's relative decline. A lot is going to depend on how sophisticated his advisers can make his foreign policy. If you try and make foreign policy on the basis of the art of the deal, you are quickly going to discover that international relations is not like real estate.
Interviewed by Nikkei Washington Bureau Chief Hiroyuki Kotake
Hullabaloo
Wednesday, July 17, 2013
I know it's hard to accept, but they really believe this stuff
by digby
Ed Kilgore hits the nail on the head again. Conservatives aren't just power mad for the sake of holding power:
[W]here I part company with Cassidy and a lot of other progressive and/or neutral observers who wonder, as Barack Obama put it, when “the fever” might break, is that I don't think this is just about conservative inability to think straight about how to win elections. History is littered with “lost” political causes that inspire intense loyalty and far outlive their practical usefulness. For one thing, while you might think of politics as a matter of winning the next election so your “team” can implement its immediate agenda, intensely ideological people tend to think of politics as a matter of winning wars rather than battles, and focus on winning elections that put them into the position to radically change history. And for another, some people express themselves politically in order to vindicate minority points of view—e.g., that the United States is in the midst of a “Holocaust” against unborn babies that's not fundamentally different from what the Nazis did—whether or not they ever prevail.
So the best way to understand the contemporary conservative movement is as a coalition with an unusually large number of people who either don't agree with the CV on how to win elections, don't care about short-term political implications, or don't care about anything other than expressing their opinion about the hellwards direction of the Republic and perhaps of the human race. Mix in another significant number of people with a large pecuniary interest in reactionary politics, and you have a movement that's not going to turn from its current trajectory with any great speed. You can stamp your feet or call them crazy people or deplore their impact on the level of discourse all you want, but they just aren't going away, and we might as well get used to it instead of marveling about it as though it came out of nowhere and will soon disappear.
I know this makes liberals unhappy. It makes me unhappy. These folks are not just going to wake up one morning and realize they need to "moderate" because they are losing political clout. Anyone who thinks that completely misunderstands these people and their movement.
.
digby 7/17/2013 06:30:00 PM
by Brett Stevens on July 31, 2016
Over at the Washington Post (Pravda-On-The-Potomac), Robert Samuelson — who is a talented columnist — opines about nostalgia for the 1990s:
But it was not to be. The stock market bubble burst in early 2000. Then 9/11 exposed our vulnerability to terrorism. The 2008-2009 financial crisis and accompanying Great Recession gave the lie to our presumed control of the business cycle. Both Russia and China emerged as geopolitical rivals and, possibly, military foes. We had paradise for a fleeting moment â€” and then it was lost. It is the subconscious comparison between the imperfect present and the idealized past (of the late 1990s) that feeds our disappointment. Otherwise, our situation might seem less desperate. After all, the economy has created more than 14 million jobs since the employment low point. Whatâ€™s missing is the sense of boundless optimism and national superiority that characterized the boom years. Americans are now said to be â€œangryâ€ and to demand â€œchange.â€ This is misleading. In the past two decades, Americans have had more change than theyâ€™ve wanted. What theyâ€™d really like is to repeal the changes â€” the economic uncertainties, the physical threats, the geopolitical challenges â€” and revert to the romanticized world of the late 1990s, when the outlook seemed more tranquil.
However, he does not understand cause and effect. The world of the 1990s was a creation of the 1980s, much as the world of the 2000s and 2010s is a creation of the Clinton years. The 1980s pushed the Soviet Union to collapse, and then the “peace dividend” was reaped, in addition to cheap Chinese and Mexican labor and agriculture.
But to continue that, America would have had to continue Reagan-era programs, which worked unlike Clinton-era programs. Leftists were quick to claim victory for the Clinton programs, ignoring the fact that it would take decades to see their consequences. In reality, they were laying the landmines that exploded a decade or more later, especially the housing bubble.
The fact is that most people want to go back to the 1980s or early 1990s. What made that time different? — we had not embarked on the Great Leap Forward for diversity and multiculturalism, and were focused not on Leftist ideology but practical survival.
When Trump tries to be Reagan II, he is tapping into the unconscious realization by Americans that we took a massive wrong turn by going Leftist in the 1990s, letting the crazy Baby Boomer 1968er neurotic ideological zombies re-shape this nation according to their controlling desires, instead of paying attention to reality.
The only further step is to realize that Western Civilization has not been civilization for some time, since we embraced equal inclusion and thus neurotic individualism during the Renaissance and Enlightenment™ era. We do not need to fix the EU and the USA; we need to replace them with something that works.
While this is scary, and will involve relocating 150 million people, it is preferable to become Brazil II, which under the Leftist regime is our only option.
Tags: bill clinton, brazil II, diversity, great leap forward, housing bubble
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
We're already halfway through 2013 and the world continues to wake up to the fact that we are not alone in the universe. Just this year, we've seen a tremendous step forward regarding UFO disclosure. In early May, researchers, activists, political leaders, and high ranking military/agency personnel from around the world testified to the reality of the UFO/extraterrestrial phenomenon in front of several former United States members of Congress. To watch an interview with former 2008 presidential candidate and ex-congressman Mike Gravel (who participated in the hearings), click here. You can watch interviews with all of the senators who participated in the event here.
For more CE articles on the subject of UFOs and extraterrestrials, click HERE.
Prior to the recent hearing on UFOs and extraterrestrial life, we've had explosive statements made by NASA astronauts and professors. (You can watch some of those statements here and here.) Not only has the world heard from all of these credible people, it's also been privy to official documentation released by dozens of governments worldwide that outline the reality of the UFO phenomenon. Documents indicate that UFOs are of concern to governments, who put a significant amount of time, effort, and resources into studying them. Apart from governments, agencies like the National Security Agency also released official files regarding UFOs, and you can view some of these previously classified documents here.
It's now a fact that UFOs are tracked on radar, performing maneuvers that defy our current understanding of physics. This is no longer a conspiracy theory; it's a fact. Release of files began early in 2007 with the UK, and since then, they've released thousands of pages every year, with the latest ones published in June 2013 made available through the UK's National Archives. You can view them here.
“Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense.”
— Former CIA Director Roscoe Hillenkoetter, 1960
The UFO/extraterrestrial phenomenon is extremely top secret; access to this type of documentation and the deeper truth behind it is almost impossible. CIA directors, presidents, and other high ranking officials barely have any access to these programs. That being said, all of the information that's already out in the public domain is overwhelming. It makes you wonder how far down the rabbit hole this topic goes.
As most of the world today already knows, Wikileaks is an international non-profit organization that publishes secret information, news leaks, and classified material from anonymous sources. They've been a tremendous threat to the controlling elite for a number of years, and have gained the attention of major mainstream media outlets worldwide. For the most part, these mainstream media outlets have bashed Wikileaks leader Julian Assange, arguing that the release of classified documents threatens national security, but in reality, it threatens only the ruling elite.
Since a large amount of official documentation has already been released, the documents from the Wikileaks cables shouldn't come as a big surprise. Assange has already mentioned that there are yet-to-be published cables that reference UFOs. Below are quotations taken from official transcripts via the official Wikileak cables. You can view it here: http://wikileaks.org/cable/2010/01/10DUSHANBE82.html
On January 13 Ambassador called on Dushanbe Mayor and Chairman of the upper house of Parliament Mahmadsaid Ubaidulloev at his parliamentary office. The Mayor began the meeting with a lengthy discourse on Afghanistan, thanking the United States for its contributions and sacrifices there, and saying that U.S. activities there were very important “as we enter the third millennium and the 21st century.” Ubaidulloev thought the main task there was to build a sense of national identity among ethnically disparate groups, and said the United States was an example for this. He noted that “war is very dangerous”, and said “we know there is life on other planets, but we must make peace here first.”
And another:
In a platitude-ridden meeting, Dushanbe Mayor Mahmadsaid Ubaidulloev said upcoming elections would be free and fair, that contributions to the Roghun Dam were voluntary, and that the losses suffered by the United States in Afghanistan were felt by Tajiks as their own. Ubaidulloev asked for help in getting Tajik students admitted to Harvard University, but effectively declined to help find a new location for an American Corner in Dushanbe. He asserted the existence of life on other planets, caveating this by noting that we should focus on solving our problems on Earth.
“I have said in passing there is information about UFOs in Cablegate. And that is true, but these are only small passing references. Most of the material concerns UFO cults, and their behavior in recruiting people. For instance, there is quite a large cable, which we'll try and release in the next few days, concerning the Raelians, a UFO cult which has a strong presence in Canada and was of concern to the U.S. ambassador in Canada.”
– Julian Assange
A statement given by Julian Assange himself raises the need for further inquiry. The audio on this video may be delayed, but we can still tell it's real through a number of means. The voice is clearly Julian's, for instance, and lip reading will show that the text matches the audio. Also, multiple mainstream media outlets (Telegraph, CBS news, and more) published the original version of the video, which was taken down immediately. One of the mainstream media outlets was Forbes (read the article here), where access to the video has been cut off, but the original version had perfect audio and was in the same setting.
It's not surprising that the U.S. ambassador in Canada was concerned with this group. High level agencies are also concerned with abductees and ET contactees. Their mail is stamped in a special way, they are constantly surveyed by army intelligence, and their phones are tapped. Agencies that are active in the UFO phenomenon keep close tabs on UFO/extraterrestrial activity outside of their sphere of influence. That being said, it's no surprise that the U.S. ambassador had an interest in this ‘UFO cult.' Anything extraterrestrial would be a concern to the elite, as they are the ones actively covering it up.
We are living in a unique time. Our world has become much more transparent than ever before, and not just about the UFO/extraterrestrial phenomenon. Our perception of life on other planets largely comes from external sources like television programming. As a result, many find this subject frightening, but hopefully, as we move through the shift in consciousness the planet is currently experiencing, fear will dissipate, as it will no longer serve the human race. This is undoubtedly one of the largest realizations in human history. The only thing that goes beyond it, in my opinion, is the realization of our infinite potential to create a new experience from a place of peace, love, cooperation and understanding.
“There is abundant evidence that we are being contacted, that civilizations have been visiting us for a very long time, that their appearance is bizarre from any kind of traditional materialistic western point of view, that these visitors use the technologies of consciousness, they use toroids, they use co-rotating magnetic disks for their propulsion systems, that seems to be a common denominator of the UFO phenomenon.”
– Dr Brian O'Leary, former NASA Astronaut and Princeton Physics Professor (source)
“Yes there have been crashed craft, and bodies recovered. We are not alone in the universe, they have been coming here for a long time”
– Apollo 14 Astronaut (source # 1) (source # 2)
“It is ironic that the U.S. would begin a devastating war, allegedly in search of weapons of mass destruction, when the most worrisome developments in this field are occurring in your own backyard. It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy, when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects about which both the Congress and the Commander in Chief have been kept deliberately in the dark.”
– Paul Hellyer, Former Canadian Defence Minister (source)
There is nothing to be afraid of.
Much Love
Sources:
http://wikileaks.org/cable/2010/01/10DUSHANBE82.html
http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2011/02/07/wikileaks-ufo-cables-more-about-raelian-cult-than-alien-life/
http://ufos.nationalarchives.gov.uk
We'll be reporting from Philadelphia all week and live-blogging each night. Check out all our dispatches from the Democratic convention here.
PHILADELPHIA — Hillary Clinton is coming into her convention with a real problem. Even before WikiLeaks released thousands of Democratic National Committee emails, including some that suggested officials were actively working against Bernie Sanders, Clinton had about a third of Sanders supporters left to try to win over. The emails have exacerbated tensions with Sanders loyalists. And here's some more bad news for the Clinton campaign about those loyalists: New data and analysis shared with FiveThirtyEight from Catalist and SurveyMonkey shows that, before the 2016 primaries, Sanders's supporters voted less frequently than other 2016 voters, and they were less reliably Democratic than Clinton supporters.
In other words, it's not a matter of Clinton simply coaxing Sanders supporters back into the fold — many were never in the fold to begin with. That could increase the difficulty of the task facing Clinton.
Data drawn from 14 primaries this year suggests that Sanders's voters were less likely to be habitual voters than Clinton's, Ted Cruz's and Donald Trump's supporters. (How do we know this? Check out the footnotes for details. ) In the 2012 general election, for instance, 88 percent of Clinton's 2016 primary supporters cast a ballot. Same with Trump supporters. And 87 percent of Cruz supporters voted in 2012. But just 79 percent of Sanders's voters did.
GENERAL ELECTION TURNOUT 2012 GENERAL ELECTION TURNOUT 2014 2016 PRIMARY VOTE ALL VOTERS AGE 22 & UP IN 2016 ALL VOTERS AGE 22 & UP IN 2016 Hillary Clinton 88% 89% 78% 79% Bernie Sanders 79 84 67 70 Ted Cruz 87 88 77 77 Donald Trump 88 89 78 79 Bernie Sanders drew more nontraditional voters Source: SurveyMonkey/Catalist
This difference in turnout isn't just an artifact of the overwhelming support Sanders got from young voters. Even if we take out 2016 voters who were too young to vote in the 2012 election, Clinton voters were still 5 percentage points more likely to have voted in 2012 and 9 percentage points more likely to have voted in 2014 than Sanders voters. Moreover, a higher percentage of Sanders voters had to re-register (7 percent) than Clinton voters (4 percent) for the primary, indicating that Sanders may have been bringing in more people who had let their registration lapse. All of this means that Sanders brought irregular voters into the process, as well as young voters, to an extent the other candidates did not. Will these people still vote without Sanders on the ballot? It's far from guaranteed. Clinton might need get-out-the-vote programs to attract this group that Trump won't need in order to capture Cruz primary voters who will probably vote anyway.
Perhaps even more important for Clinton is to make sure that Sanders backers who do vote cast their ballot for her. I wouldn't bet on this for some Sanders voters. Although 56 percent of Clinton backers can be described as voting consistently Democratic in general elections, according to Catalist models, only 41 percent of Sanders backers can be. Some of the remaining 59 percent of Sanders supporters usually vote Democratic (25 percent), but about a third (35 percent) were either consistent ticket splitters, couldn't be modeled or had usually voted Republican. Not surprisingly, general election polling indicates that a third of Sanders's primary voters are not going for Clinton when third-party candidates are included. That means Clinton cannot merely count on these voters coming home to their Democratic base — because they aren't actually part of it. Clinton is going to have to work to bring these voters aboard. (She'll presumably get some help in Philadelphia today when Sanders gives his prime-time speech.)
Clinton can still win the election even if she doesn't win over all these Sanders backers. I previously estimated that Clinton would gain about 1 percentage point (or 1.6 million voters) in the polls if Sanders voters currently backing Libertarian Gary Johnson or Green Party candidate Jill Stein chose between Clinton and Trump. Still, 1 percentage point can be worth a lot if the election is as close as the FiveThirtyEight models currently have it.
VIDEO: Why aren't you voting for Hillary Clinton?
Earlier this week I predicted that Cam Newton would wear Gloria Steinem decals on the side of his helmet, in order to atone for giving offense to the liberal sports media by belittling a female reporter. Well, he won't be wearing Gloria Steinem decals, but I wasn't that far off.
On the team flight to Detroit, Cam Newton wore a hat pin featuring the woman commonly referred to as “Rosie the Riveter.” The pin exclaimed, “We Can Do It!” a World War II era poster which sung the praises of women working in factories to support the war effort:
Cam boarding for Detroit ✈️ pic.twitter.com/8WPOc7zkTV — Carolina Panthers (@Panthers) October 7, 2017
The “We Can Do It!” image has been adopted by the feminist movement, and now, by Cam Newton.
Newton provoked a backlash from the sports media this week, after making a sexist joke at the expense of a female reporter. Newton then issued an apology for the joke, but not before Dannon Yogurt dropped him from their advertising campaign.
Mitt Romney may know how to make a buck or two, but his wife, Ann, knows how to save a buck or two. The mother of five and grandmother of 18 turns to Costco when she needs to cook for the Romney clan and manages to feed 30 people for just $4.50 each.
Romney revealed her Costco shopping list when visiting the "Rachael Ray Show" on Thursday. She said she can spend a mere $137.50 when cooking for 30 people, totaling just $4.50 per person.
“I always start at Costco,” Romney said, according to ABC News, as she took Ray's film crew on a Costco trip, picking up spinach, berries, frozen cream puffs and rotisserie chicken.
Costco is a favorite shopping destination for many larger families. The store offers items in bulk at lower prices. Romney gave some shopping tips, like buying the pre-cooked chicken last so as to not heat up the other food in the cart, the New York Daily News reported.
Romney also knows how to maneuver the Costco aisles. In a previous interview, she explained: "I know how to shop Costco. You go in the door -- I don't want everyone to learn this trick -- you take a sharp right and you go way down to the back of the store and just shop the outside of the aisles."
Ann even buys Costco shirts for Mitt.
Despite the Romney family's love for the wholesale retailer, former Costco CEO Jim Sinegal has more love for Barack Obama.
Sinegal endorsed Obama during the Democratic National Convention. "Some of my friends in corporate America say that all they need is a government that gets off the backs of businesses, and that's why many of them are supporting the opposition, with donations of hundreds of thousands of dollars," he said in his DNC speech, according to Politico. "But I think they get it all wrong. Business needs a president who has covered businesses' backs."
"Costco's story is the American story," he added. "Because it's a story that President Obama is helping millions of dreamers and doers to write anew for themselves."
The Missouri Republican Party announced it is calling for a new St. Charles County Caucus "after an earlier attempt last Saturday."
The caucus will be at 7 p.m. April 10 at the St. Charles County Convention Center. That is 11 days before the Congressional District Conventions. The state convention is June 1-2 in Springfield.
"Since Saturday, we have reviewed our options to determine the best way to move forward while ensuring that the voice of St Charles has been heard. We have concluded that the only proper remedy for this situation is to schedule a new St Charles County Caucus," said David Cole, Chairman of the Missouri Republican Party, according to a news release.
"I want to make it clear to the people of St. Charles County that we will conduct this caucus in a fair, honest, and transparent manner," Cole said.
Cole will open the meeting as temporary chairman, and the state GOP's general counsel will serve as the parliamentarian.
Brent Stafford, a St. Charles County Republican Central Committee member and Ron Paul supporter, said the state GOP wanted to err on the side of caution regarding the turnout for the caucus, so they chose the St. Charles County Convention Center. The first caucus was at Francis Howell North High School.
Stafford, who was arrested after the meeting shut down, was the choice for Ron Paul and Mitt Romney supporters to be elected caucus chairman. He said that in a fairly run caucus, he would have been selected to chair the event.
Stafford said the St. Charles County organizers "either didn't know the rules or knew them and decided not to follow them. But there's no excuse for not knowing the rules because the state GOP sent out information on how to run the caucus."
One Republican Central Committee Chair, Jon Bennett, told Patch that organizers used parliamentary procedure to give an opportunity to all candidate supporters to gain delegates. He said Paul and Romney supporters planned to split the delegates and shut out Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich supporters.
The caucus will be open to any registered voter in St Charles County who declares that he or she is a Republican.
Cole said, "As we have made clear over the past week, we are committed to ensuring that the voice of St Charles County is fully represented throughout the process—all the way to the national convention."
There's nothing like a breath of fresh air—unless, of course, that breath contains nasty pollutants. For over half of all Americans, getting fresh air into their lungs isn't as easy as opening a window. That's because, according to a new report by the American Lung Association, they live in places with unhealthful levels of pollutants like particles and ozone.
In its annual State of the Air report, the American Lung Association analyzes data collected from official air quality monitors. It found continued reduction in ozone and particle pollution—six of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities (Los Angeles, Visalia-Porterville-Hanford, Sacramento, Dallas-Fort Worth, El Centro, and Houston) had their fewest unsafe ozone days since the report began in 2000, and 16 of the cities with the highest levels of particle pollution had their lowest year-round levels in the history of the report. Factors like stronger regulation of common pollutants, cleaner power plants and more alternative-fuel vehicles may be behind the improvement.
But the picture is still dire for many U.S. cities. The ongoing drought in the West seems at least partially to blame—20 of the 25 most-polluted cities in the nation are in the West and Southwest. And some cities, like Bakersfield, CA experienced pollution spikes due to dust, grass, and wildfires.
People with health conditions like asthma are at the greatest risk from airborne pollution, but older and younger people are at particular risk. So are people living in poverty: In 2012, researchers from Yale University found that people who live in less affluent communities breathe air with more potentially dangerous compounds like vanadium and zinc. The American Lung Association report found that over 24.8 million people living at or below the federal poverty line live in places that score an F grade for at least one pollutant, and nearly 3.8 million live on counties that fail tests for ozone, short- and long-term particle pollution.
Four cities were the cleanest, experiencing no days in the unhealthy range of either ozone or particle pollution: Burlington-South Burlington, VT, Elmira-Corning, NY, Honolulu, HI, and Salinas, CA. The top four most polluted cities were all in California: Los Angeles, Bakersfield, Visalia-Porterville-Hanford, and Fresno-Madera. (Check out the complete list to see where your city stands.)
So what can be done? The American Lung Association recommends that Congress enforces and protect the Clean Air Act, which regulates the kinds of pollutants groups can emit. But individuals can play a role, too—reducing air pollution is as easy as turning off the lights when you leave the room or eating locally-grown food. You could also try grabbing a bike instead of reaching for the car keys.
This is a guest post from Deborah Avant, Sié Chéou-Kang Chair for International Security and Diplomacy and Professor at the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver.
*********
The debate among Ivo Daalder, John Mearsheimer, and Hisham Melhem last night on the Newshour was quite poignant. All three actually agreed on the important point: the action the US is considering to punish the Assad regime for its use of chemical weapons will, as John Mearsheimer put it, “do little good”. A very good set of arguments from CNAS arrive at similar conclusions. There are many nods to the brutality to Assad's regime but no one thinks the options being considered will improve the situation.
Really? The US is thinking of launching a missile attack at no insubstantial cost (extrapolating from the costs of the Libyan intervention, which of course no one can agree on, we are looking at $1 billion minimum or as much as $2 billion/day) that will kill Syrians and promise many disruptions. Yet we cannot possibly foresee—when the vast majority of experts who agree on little else finally agree—that it is likely to do little good?
The conversation on the Newshour demonstrates how poorly the options the US is considering address the concerns American leaders feel. Ivo Daalder admits (and Hisham Melhem is incensed by) the fact that we are considering only something that will punish Assad, not something that will help the situation on the ground. The best one can say about the action being considered is that punishment is meant to “deter” future action, but Jon Mercer and others have demonstrated how fraught such a deterrence strategy is. I disagree with John Mearsheimer's assumption that we should only act in ways that further our narrowly defined national interest, but he does have a point that taking action that promises to do little good makes little sense. The other implicit option in this conversation, though, is doing nothing. This is also hard to stomach (on that, see George Packer's conversation with himself).
Perhaps it is time to move beyond the fallacy that the only action that counts is military force. There are many, many things the US could do (and may be already doing) – working with the Arab League, working with global businesses who have impact in Syria, engaging people close to Assad…maybe even engaging with Hassan Rouhani. These are all actions too. Indeed, as Charli Carpenter points out, even if all the US wants to do is to punish Assad, there are many actions that may be more effective than a military strike. The exercise of power does not require military force. Power comes in many forms and often the most effective forms are the least violent.
Rather than being boxed in to a military strike (serious action) vs. no military strike (doing nothing) frame, Obama could use his considerable rhetorical skill to reframe the question as: what can the US do to either 1) reduce the chance that Assad will not use these weapons in the future or 2) improve the situation for civilians on the ground? I am not suggesting there are easy answers to either of these questions. But at least if the US frames the questions in the right way, it will be less likely to take costly action that is worthless – or worse.
The Navajo Nation is poised receive $554 million from the federal government over mismanagement of tribal resources in the largest settlement of its kind for a single American Indian tribe.
Much of the land on the 27,000-square-mile reservation has been leased for things like farming, grazing, oil and gas development, mining and housing. The leases once were largely overseen by the government, which mismanaged the revenue and failed to properly invest and account for it, according to the tribe.
The tribe agreed to settle the case earlier this year but was awaiting signatures from federal agencies before the deal could be finalized. The Navajo Nation originally sought $900 million when the lawsuit was filed in 2006.
[pullquote]
"We had a strong claim," said Navajo Nation Council Delegate Lorenzo Curley.
Public meetings will be held to ask Navajos how they think the money should be spent, Curley said. The first meeting is scheduled for October. Already, tribal members have suggested that it be set aside for future generations or used for business development, he said.
Andrew Sandler, one of the Navajo Nation's attorneys on the case, said the tribe has taken on much of the responsibility for leasing on its land. If further disputes arise with the federal government, the settlement outlines a process to resolve them.
"This was viewed as an appropriate and respectful settlement where the federal government acknowledged its responsibility and acted in an honorable way," Sandler said. "It was a good result for all parties, and appropriate result for all parties, and it creates finality."
Tribes across the country have filed more than 100 breach-of-trust cases against the U.S. government. The Navajo Nation settlement is the largest, exceeding the next highest amount by $170 million, Sandler said.
The Interior Department said it is working to resolve cases with other tribes without going to trial. Since April 2012, the federal government has resolved about 80 cases, totaling $2.5 billion.
Sandler said the Navajo Nation should receive its money within 60 days.
In the same way that many children naively assume adults are infallible, I grew up with the fantasy that anything in print must be true. This created some logical conundrums in the supermarket checkout aisle, where I'd see the Weekly World News and wonder, “But if aliens haven't abducted Elvis, how can they print it?”
I mean, if journalists don't hold themselves to standards of accuracy, why would they take the trouble to print an Errata column for the few minutiae they happened to miss? “In last week's issue,” such a column would say, “we mistakenly identified the smiling man in the photograph as Nathan Daniels of Ballwin, Missouri. In fact, while he is indeed Nathan Daniels of Ballwin, Missouri, what we called a smile is more of a tempered grin. We sincerely regret the error.”
Don't think of what you're doing as 'dumbing down' science. It is, but don't think of it that way.
If that's the kind of error a newspaper regrets—and sincerely, no less—surely the major facts behind any story are watertight.
But the Errata are a trick, and not even a new trick. I use the same trick to ingratiate myself to my wife when I realize I've neglected to do something important for our 1-year-old daughter. “I remembered her shoes and socks,” I'll say, “but I couldn't find the pink sippy cup, so I brought the green sippy cup.” By apologizing for this lesser transgression, I'm hoping my wife won't notice that I've forgotten to arrange for our daughter to wear pants.
Want to learn more about Adam Ruben? Listen in to this interview with Science Careers's own Donisha Adams.
In reality, journalists make mistakes. And nowhere is the problem more prevalent than in science journalism.
When I was in grad school, a student in my lab named Stephanie Leavitt discovered an aspartic protease in the SARS genome. At the time, if a scientist even mentioned SARS, he or she was given a full-page story in every newspaper in the world (a practice that brought inadvertent fame to many astronomers before journalists realized they were actually saying “stars”). It was as though a cigar-chomping editor had slammed his fist onto every reporter's desk and demanded, “Print something, anything—Now!—as long as it's got words in it.”
The news reports poured in, and as we read them, our disillusionment grew. One article said she had found a cure for SARS. Another said she had worked on the original SARS genome project. One said—seriously—that the protein was called Stephanie Leavitt.
I don't blame science reporters for flubbing facts on occasion. Science is difficult to understand, and scientists famously lack communication skills.
But the problem extends beyond simply misunderstanding the science. In fact, science writers appear to obey a collection of unwritten rules when trying to convey science to a mainstream audience. Such as:
• Start your article with a personal anecdote, even if it's narcissistic or tangential to the rest of the piece. For example, talk about the tabloid headlines in your childhood supermarket or your daughter's sippy cup.
• Put the reader at ease by discussing at length the small details of the day you met the scientist. Did you have coffee? Who ordered what? These elements are just as important as the details of the scientific discovery. Remember that a reader should be able to sum up the important points in your story in one sentence, such as: “Dr. Anderson, who showed up 5 minutes late and ordered a medium cappuccino, discovered something about cystic fibrosis. Or maybe anthrax. But definitely cappuccino.”
• Relate the research to readers' everyday lives. For example, avoid writing, “Studying dung beetles like these teaches entomologists a lot about dung beetles like these.” Instead, write, “Studying dung beetles like these might help lower gasoline prices!” If you truly find yourself unable to determine the relevance of the research, do what the researchers themselves do when asked to write a grant application: Pretend it's about cancer.
• If the science you're describing in any way resembles an element of a popular movie, mention the movie. In fact, lead with it and then pack it into every sentence. “Harry Potter had an invisibility cloak,” you'll write, “and soon, so can you! Harry Potter Harry Potter something about bending light waves at the atomic level Harry Potter.”
• All stories benefit from the human element, and the human of interest in your story is the scientist. So be sure to describe the scientist physically in vivid detail. Scientists love that.
• Remember that ordinary people cannot understand units of measurement. Therefore, you should always explain measurements in relation to familiar objects, such as the length of a football field or the number of something that would fit within the period at the end of this sentence. You can also ask your reader to picture how many times things would circle Earth when laid end to end, describe how many would fit on the head of a pin, talk about weight in terms of school buses, or impress everyone with the number needed to reach from the earth to the moon. Just make sure you've applied the proper simplifying calculation; otherwise, you'll find yourself explaining that neurons can grow to be as long as 0.00011 football fields. (You can rescue such an error by adding an exclamation point to the end of your sentence: "A neuron can grow to be as long as 0.00011 football fields!")
• Don't think of what you're doing as “dumbing down” science. It is, but don't think of it that way.
• All science is boring except when you can spin it as a harbinger of things to come. This month, Chinese scientists teleported a photon over 60 miles. That's, um, the whole story. Which is why you have to jazz up that boring old teleported photon by talking about teleporting people! Star Trek is one step closer to reality! What if you could beam to work? That would sure beat taking the subway! To what far-flung corner would you beam your mother-in-law? Ha! Remember, the word “potential” is your magic passport to write about whatever crap you want to.
• If you can find someone to make a nice infographic, you might as well stop writing your article right now.
• You are required to use one of the following adjectives when describing a new scientific result: “breakthrough,” “landmark,” “game-changing,” “innovative,” or “revolutionary.”
• Always probe scientists, forcing them to unwittingly reveal more than they're comfortable revealing. Remember, the most interesting application for any scientific discovery is the one that makes the scientists shudder the most.
REPORTER: What could I do with this new type of robot? SCIENTIST: Well, we're still in the theoretical stage, but if we can miniaturize the circuitry, we can improve the printing of certain protein microarrays. REPORTER: Okay, sure. But could you train the robot to make you a pan of brownies? SCIENTIST: [ Literally explodes, painting the laboratory ceiling with pieces of scientist. ] REPORTER: Pan of brownies it is.
• Exploiting the equation “one dissenter = controversy,” include in your article the views of at least one dissenter. Think scientists have settled whether Earth is round? Think again: A random ichthyologist in Jamaica drank too much Red Stripe and insists Earth is shaped like a helmeted basilisk lizard. Controversy! Now you can write, “Scientists continue to argue whether the Earth is round.” Oh, those scatterbrained scientists. Won't they ever make up their minds?
• Give your article a dramatic note of doom by switching tone halfway through and writing, “But not everyone is thrilled with the results.” Controversy!
• Finally, the best ending for your article is always—always—a cutesy ending. If you're writing about a new species of dinosaur, for example, end by saying, “Just don't invite him to dinner!” This allows you to demonstrate common cause with the reader, showing him or her that you realize that you both slogged through a boring science article, but now that you're through it you can wink at each other on the other side. Remember, they hated reading the article as much as you hated writing it, so by the end, you each deserve a little chuckle. Imagine inviting a dinosaur to dinner! Ha! But it's a dinosaur!
The result, unsurprisingly, is that mainstream science articles have become formulaic. And it's never more obvious than, say, when you read an article about a bold new advance that promises to cure something or fix something or spell certain doom—and then you realize you're reading an article that's 20 years old and none of those things happened. (You might have realized this earlier if you'd looked at the bottom of the page and found the ad for the new New Kids on the Block cassette.)
For this reason, I hereby say to all science reporters: If you ever come to interview me about my research and find any part of it mundane, write it that way. If the implications you want to tack onto my work are far-fetched, don't write them. If what I do fails to generate legitimate controversy, maybe it just isn't that controversial. You may not win any prizes for science writing, but rest assured that your friends and relatives have never heard of those prizes anyway, so who are you trying to impress?
And don't invite me to dinner! Ha!
At the launch of the second-generation NVIDIA SHIELD, we heard about several accessory devices that would work with the main hardware, but they haven't all come to fruition. Remember the NVIDIA Spot? That's still MIA, but the promised Samsung SmartThings Link has popped up on Amazon for pre-order.
You can go and buy a Samsung SmartThings hub right now, but it's about $80 and rather large. If you've already got an NVIDIA SHIELD Android TV sitting on the shelf, you can just get the $40 USB dongle version of SmartThings and plug it into the SHIELD. In case you forgot, that console does have a full-sized USB port.
With the SmartThings Link plugged in, your SHIELD works like a standard SmartThings hub to control lights, smart locks, cameras, and all the other sensors and gadgets that connect to SmartThings. Does this excite you? Well, cool it. The SmartThings Link is only available for pre-order at the moment, and Amazon estimates 1-2 months for it to ship.
OCEAN CITY — In the spirit of Jerry Seinfeld and Samuel Beckett, the Quiet Festival in Ocean City celebrates the lack of activity during the lull between Halloween and Thanksgiving.
The irreverent event, sponsored by the fictional National Association of Tired People, features a snoring contest, a ceremonial pin drop, a lettuce eating competition and a yawn-along of the Bing Crosby ballad, “Beautiful Dreamer.”
The Quiet Festival is one of many quirky gatherings held year-round in Ocean City, a hub for the odd and the unexpected along the Jersey coast. Every spring, kazoos sound off during the Doo Dah Parade and in May, a prognosticating shellfish called Martin Z. Mollusk predicts whether summer will arrive six weeks early.
Mark Soifer, director of public relations in Ocean City, said that the Quiet Festival dates back 18 years.
“After a busy season at the Shore, we thought it would be nice to celebrate quiet things,” said Soifer. “Things like enjoying nature, taking walks, looking out at the horizon. We developed it into a quiet pet contest because there were no contests for hamsters and gerbils.”
The quiet pet contest is Ocean City's answer to the Westminster Dog Show, with an array of tiny critters in decorated crates performing tricks. The competition culminates with a lettuce-eating contest for the pets.
This year, there was a new twist, as I asked for permission not only to cover the festivities but also to square off against the animal that won preliminary rounds. I've been a vegetarian since age 13 and my salad-devouring talents are legend at the diners of New Jersey and Long Island. I figured that competing against a pet might inspire the kids in the crowd to eat more veggies.
Soifer told me I was the first person to express an interest in munching lettuce for glory at the Quiet Fest.
“The fact that a human would even challenge a rodent boggles my imagination,” said Soifer. “It's another earth shaking event for the Quiet Festival.”
My opponent was a guinea pig named Skyler from Upper Township. I towered over the animal yet Skyler didn't appear intimidated. She seemed downright dismissive as I sat across from her and attacked a head of iceberg lettuce. She neatly nibbled pieces of romaine while I nearly choked on a leaf that got stuck in my throat.
I was a lettuce-eating Icarus, overestimating by ability to consume food on a timeclock and I went down in flames, or in this case, leaves.
My first foray into the world of competitive eating was something less than a triumph. The judges named Skyler the champ while I was still struggling to swallow the last few chunks of lettuce. They didn't give me a trophy or even a commemorative ribbon but I still feel like a winner. My act of utter silliness made history and befuddled spectators in one of New Jersey's weirdest towns.
“People are going home shaking their heads because they still can't believe what they saw,” said Soifer.
CHICAGO -- “We wish there was a free-agent market for young players.” -- Chicago Cubs President Theo Epstein, Nov. 8, 2013.
Epstein and the Cubs got what they wanted -- sort of -- when Major League baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball finally agreed on a new “posting” system Monday, allowing Japanese star players to resume coming to the United States.
It paves the way for 25-year-old right-hander Masahiro Tanaka to come to the big leagues if his Japanese team allows. Tanaka was 24-0 in the regular season for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles, who went on to win the Nippon championship. He is the biggest name to potentially come over this offseason and he'll be well sought after by many major league teams. Worst case, he projects as a No.2 starter but most scouts believe he can be a No. 1.
Under the new posting system, the Golden Eagles would set a “fee” -- which is capped at $20 million -- for allowing him to come to the United States. Clubs that agree to meet that fee would have 30 days to negotiate with Tanaka just as if he were any other free agent. The club that agrees to terms with him then pays that fee over to Rakuten. If no agreement with any team can be reached within 30 days then Tanaka would return to Japan and can't be “posted” again until Nov. 1, 2014.
The Cubs have not beaten around the bush about their interest in Tanaka. He fits their needs like a glove.
“We're going to be part of the process,” general manager Jed Hoyer said last month from the GM meetings in Orlando. “We've done our work on him and plan on being part of it.”
Hoyer made those comments while a new posting system was being worked out so it's not completely clear if the interest remains the same now, though you would have to assume it would be. Why is Tanaka -- who could potentially cost $100 million on top of the $20 million posting fee -- so intriguing to the Cubs? After all, there are plenty of good pitchers on the market that wouldn't cost them $20 million just to negotiate. The simple answer is his age. At 25, and talented, Tanaka fits the Cubs' plan.
“It's rare these days,” Hoyer said in November. “They (Japanese players) get posted at an age that is younger than the typical American free agent.”
Even if Tanaka has to pitch through a couple of losing years he'll still be young enough, and hopefully just entering his prime, as the Cubs bring up their prospects and start to turn the corner. He would be the anchor of a team through the transition and into a contending phase.
Of course, the problem the Cubs would face under the new system is an all-out bidding war with some of the top teams in the league. Under the old system, a “blind-bid” winner would get the right to negotiate with the Japanese player. The Texas Rangers spent a whopping $51 million to win the rights to Yu Darvish in 2011. At that point, they became the only negotiator with Darvish and a deal was struck.
Under the new system, every team in the league can meet the $20 million max posting fee which means plenty of rich suitors for Tanaka, including the New York Yankees, Los Angeles Dodgers and many other teams. Can the Cubs negotiate a better deal with Tanaka than any of them? Do they have the money to do so? Recent history hasn't shown an interest in them doing this but this is exactly the type of player Epstein meant when he said he wished there was free agency for young players. They need him in all ways and presumably can find money to get him.
There's only one problem with the new system that could affect the Cubs negatively. They have to convince him to come to a losing team, one that may not win for a few years -- or may never win. That likely means outspending everyone else in the market for him. Unless Tanaka has an affinity for Chicago, or some other mysterious reason for coming here, then the Cubs have one less thing to offer than the Yankees or Dodgers or other teams. That usually means overpaying. Even then, the Cubs have to hope he's not willing to take less to play for a winner. In some ways, the old system may have been better for the Cubs. Several major league sources said as much recently.
The one major thing going for the Cubs involves the luxury tax. The Yankees are multiple violators and the Dodgers would undoubtedly be as well whether they sign Tanaka or not. Under the old system the player got less in salary than he will now. That affects payrolls and paying that tax. That helps the Cubs who have never had to pay the tax which kicks in if payroll is over $189 million for 2014.
So there are many moving parts to the Tanaka equation. Will his team allow him to come over here when they stand to make only $20 million? How many real bidders will attempt to sign him? And will the big market teams stay away in fear of the luxury tax?
Most important to Cubs fans is this question: Is owner Tom Ricketts ready to make the boldest move since buying the team? With Monday's announcement we should be closer to finding out.
Can a "green" credit card help save the planet?
That's a tall order for a slim slice of wallet real estate that's better suited to shim up a wobbly table or free a stubborn latch than to patch holes in the ozone layer.
And yet, for all sorts of symbolic reasons, a green credit card might indeed help spring mankind out of the carbonic hothouse of our own devising, if only by prompting those who produce and issue credit, debit, gift, access and identification cards to minimize the environmental impact of their actions.
A 2010 green banking study by Javelin Strategy & Research found that the importance of environmental issues has grown to where financial institutions can realize a "green dividend" with customers by offering such earth-friendly programs as paperless account statements.
The green movement has heightened public awareness of the toxins and poisons in our midst through targeted public events such as Earth Day. While it's hard to find outright opponents to clean air, water and farmland, it can be complicated to find earth-friendly solutions that work for both business and consumers. (See "5 earth-friendly credit card moves you can make now")
A case in point: credit cards.
6 billion cards a year
Roughly 6 billion credit cards are produced each year by card manufacturers worldwide, according to the International Card Manufacturers Association (ICMA). The vast majority of them contain a remarkably cheap form of plastic called polyvinyl chloride, or PVC.
Forty years ago, when engineering standards were being written around the handy new plastic charge cards, they reflected properties inherent in PVC, which was the only stuff stiff enough to survive years of transactions in the old zip-zap knuckle-busting manual terminals, yet flexible enough not to split or break in your wallet.
In fact, PVC was something of a wonder-stuff that, when softened with plasticizers, became ubiquitous in everything from clothing and hosiery to plumbing and pool toys.
Small problem: PVC does not biodegrade, meaning it is forever-stuff. It emits greenhouse gases when burned, and its underlying material (vinyl chloride) and additives have been linked to health risks.
It would be hard to find a less earth-friendly substance than PVC. Few would defend it if presented with an earth-friendly alternative. Greenpeace has called for a worldwide ban on it.
Just one problem: "Of all the material that falls within that characteristics window, PVC is really the only commodity available," says Brad Paulson of Thor Engineering, who is searching for alternatives as a member of the ICMA's Green Task Force. "There are plenty of other plastics, plenty of other materials, but they become cost-prohibitive very quickly."
Corn chip card, anyone?
So the search goes on for a green alternative. The pursuit of a cleaner card substrate has produced some interesting contenders, most of which have fallen short of the International Organization for Standards for durability and functionality across a wide range of card terminals that in turn were designed around tolerances inherent in PVC.
Wood has been tried, with limited success.
"It's difficult to come up with wood that is flexible enough to not split when you put it in your wallet, and it's hard to get a smooth-enough finish on it to affix a magnetic stripe," says Paulson. "It can be done, but it's expensive."
Early charge plates were made of metal; why not go back to those?
"Metal has its own problems because it's conductive," Paulson says. "I frankly think it's a bad idea to put metal into a piece of electronic equipment. That's something we frown on here in the lab."
The latest contender is polylactic acid, or PLA, a bio-based polymer derived from corn, which entered the scene in the 1990s. Last November, three Japanese companies, Mitsubishi Plastic, Dai Nippon Printing and Sony Corporation, announced the development of the first bio-based integrated-chip credit card approved for use by MasterCard Worldwide.
While Paulson admits that PLA blends are improving, he questions whether it will hold up under constant use. Cards that don't survive to their expiration date are not only expensive to replace, they also double their carbon footprint in paperwork, mailing and transportation emissions, defeating the intended benefit to the environment.
"The fact that it's biodegradable means that as soon as it is built, it begins biodegrading. Card users expect that card to work regularly, easily, every time they go to the gas station. The more things you do that promote degradation, the harder it's going to be to have them survive that term," Paulson says.
"Plus, when a fair portion of the world is starving, how responsible is it to take a food crop and turn it into plastic?"
Plastic or paper?
Point taken. So, what about our old friend paper? It's nothing if not earth-friendly, and we already recycle it. Can't we get paper to, uh, paper-up for card use?
Actually, yes, says Mark Dillon, vice president with Meyers Printing Company, a Minneapolis-based label maker that recently received a patent on its Greencard, a paper card with the look, feel and functionality of plastic.
"Our card is perfect for activation cards, download cards, gift cards," says Dillon. "We've produced them with bar codes, mag stripes, foil, holograms and embossing. It will perform in virtually every application just like a plastic card."
Dillon says his Greencard is competitive with PVC in price and beats PLA in preprint waste. As for recycling, you can put it at the curb, throw it in the garbage or light your barbecue with it without stressing Mother Nature.
So will your credit card company soon be offering you that check stand choice of plastic or paper? Uh, no.
"If it gets wet, it's going to absorb water," Dillon says. "It will stand up in your wallet for months and months, but it won't go through the wash and come out looking good."
What about recycling cards? Paulson says that even if the carbon footprint to collect and ship used cards back made sense (it doesn't), recycled PVC still doesn't cut it as new-card stock.
"Just as people are resistant to recycled paper because you don't get that true white that makes your letterhead look nice, cards are the same way. You print on them, and if you don't get a consistent color underneath, it's difficult to get that color to look right, which means your customers aren't going to like it either."
Good intentions and 'greenwashing'
While the search for a green alternative to the PVC credit card continues, the collateral benefits of the green initiative are already working their way into an industry that has been rolling out plastic cards the same way for half a century.
Al Vrancart, ICMA co-founder and Green Task Force adviser, says many major credit card issuers want to meet consumer demands for a green card, but they fear being perceived as "greenwashing" -- falsely claiming environmental benefits -- when new substrate products prove too costly to implement.
"That's the struggle that we have; everybody wants to base it on just that little card itself that resides in our wallet," he says. "Unfortunately, you sometimes get labeled a 'greenwasher' because you want to save money. You should be doing it first of all because it's the right thing to do as a person on the planet. You want to do the right thing in building something that is sustainable and is going to make the customers happy. Customer delight is everything."
The Green Task Force, which is working to develop green industry standards, will likely introduce specs to encourage manufacturers to recycle and reduce waste, water, energy and material consumption long before it solves the alternative substrate conundrum.
Paulson says that's where the task force can do the most good.
"I think credit cards are just an easy mark. A lot of this is driven by public perception and PVC has a bad reputation, so what's easier than mandating that we not use PVC?" he says. "But no one is storming Home Depot about the PVC in our pipes. And no one wants to go back to lead pipes either."
"There isn't a danger like Toyota in this; it's a public perception. But the silver lining may be that it cleans up some manufacturing processes and moves the ball forward a little to encourage recycling."
See related: 5 earth-friendly credit card moves you can make now, 10 ways to go green with credit cards It's easier to be green with credit cards, Banks that go green, Green credit cards reward the environment
REVEALED: The £1m, 220mph supercar Ferrari will give Raikkonen and Alonso if they win next season's title
This is the £1million Ferrari supercar Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen have been promised if they land next season's Formula One title.
LaFerrari, which was launched earlier this year by the Italian giants, boasts a top speed of 220mph, and can reach 60mph in less than three seconds.
Alonso and Raikkonen, who is rejoining Ferrari after he acrimoniously split with the team in 2009, will form a new-look partnership at the Italian manufacturer next season.
Gift from the Gods: Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen could win themselves LaFerrari next season
LAFERRARI STATS
0-60mph - Under three seconds
0-125mph - Seven seconds
Top speed - 217mph
Engine specification - 6.3litre V12, electric motor & KERS Power - 789bhp
And the pair have been handed an extra incentive to win Ferrari's first drivers' title since Raikkonen stormed to glory in 2007 by laying claim to only one of only 499 limited edition models made by the Prancing Horse.
Alonso has helped test and contributed to the engineering of LaFerrari, which was officially unveiled at the Geneva Motor Show in March.
The Spaniard took the £1million machine for a spin around Ferrari's home track Maranello in August, and judging by the grin on his face, he'll be keen to land one on a permanent basis.
Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo, who is hosting an annual media lunch on Thursday, specifically handpicks who should buy the 220mph car with candidates only eligible for the new supercar if they already own five Ferraris.
Incentive: Spain's Fernando Alonso (left, with Piero Ferrari) is a valued member of the Ferrari team Thrill seeker? Could the 220mph supercar bring the best out of Kimi Raikkonen next season? Dream team? Kimi Raikkonen (left) and Fernando Alonso (right) will hope to win next season's F1 title
VIDEO FERNANDO ALONSO TAKES LAFERRARI FOR A SPIN
THE UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA
UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA PRESERVATION PLAN & GUIDELINES FOR REHABILITATION &
NEW CONSTRUCTION
PHILOSOPHY AND STANDARDS
The University Record of 1906 predicted, "It may take a hundred years for the completion of these plans, but as the State grows�, the University will finally grow into a splendid and harmonious whole�."
The UF campus is remarkable among large public institutions in the United States for its ongoing expression of social and architectural change within a context of architectural compatibility. This cohesive character is the beneficiary of 3 historic eras: implementation of the original campus plan from 1905-1925, coalescence and enhancement from 1925-1944, and compatible transition to modern ideals from 1944-1956.
The University of Florida has preserved a noteworthy archive of campus plan updates since 1905, original architectural drawings and specifications, and archival photographs. At the forefront in preservation education, UF has an established program in Historic Preservation dating from the late 1960s.
Listing the Campus Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places and establishing a model Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement with the State Historic Preservation Office in 1989 demonstrated the long-term commitment of the University to preservation of the campus. The Memorandum of Agreement referenced the U.S. Secretary of the Interior�s Standards and established a linkage between the Florida Division of Historical Resources and UF regarding undertakings that may affect cultural resources.
The University Comprehensive Master Plan set an objective to �Promote the development of standards to preserve architecturally significant historic structures campus-wide to facilitate restoration and rehabilitation.� Designation of the Historic Impact Area to recognize significant developments on the campus during the early post-World War II era further demonstrated the commitment of the University.
The University established the Preservation of Historic Buildings and Sites Committee to assist in implementing UF Policy on Historic Preservation and in fulfilling federal and state obligations with respect to its historic and archeological resources, reporting to the Vice President for Finance and Administration significant finding and all matters considered by the Committee. From 2003 to 2007, UF developed and updated a preservation plan and guidelines with the support of a Getty Foundation Campus Heritage Grant, a grant from the Florida Department of State Bureau of Historic Preservation, and matching support by UF faculty, staff, students, and administration.
CHARACTER DEFINING FEATURES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA CAMPUS
The campus is noteworthy for the preservation, evolution, and compatible reinterpretation of its original Collegiate Gothic concept.
Three historic periods demonstrating this evolution are reinforced by recent work.
Relief sculptures are key architectural features and express campus heritage and regional elements.
Significant interiors continue the visual language of the campus.
Tower forms are widely referenced.
Building forms are rectilinear with projecting wings or pavilions.
Bays, oriels, intersecting gables, dormers, and parapets articulate the building form.
The roof and dormer pitch maintains continuity.
Entrances are prominently located and relate to pedestrian access and view lines.
Architectural detail and sculptural elements define entrances.
Window expanse reflects design for daylight and ventilation.
Windows are vertical in orientation and are subdivided by multiple lites or panes.
Predominant materials are variegated cross bond red brick and clay roof tiles.
Contrasting features such as belts, quoins, parapets are stone or cast masonry.
Height, scale, and perimeter limits maintain consistency.
Building sites reinforce the historical grid orientation and edge conditions.
Building mass is balanced proportionally with open space, courtyards and periphery landscape.
Natural and managed landscape features are appropriate to the region.
Accommodations for accessibility, egress, security, sustainability, and technology are discreetly integrated.
The UF campus serves as an ongoing laboratory for development of best practices and education in historic preservation.
USE OF THE UF PRESERVATION GUIDELINES & CAMPUS PRESERVATION PLAN
I. WORK SUBJECT TO THE UF PRESERVATION PLAN & GUIDELINES
Work within or causing an effect upon the Historic Impact Area, defined as approximately 197.5 acres of the northeast sector of the main campus as indicated on the Historic Campus Map, falls within the purview of the UF Campus Preservation Plan and Guidelines, including but not limited to the following:
New Construction and Use of Open Sites
Additions and Alterations
Interior Alterations
Preservation and Maintenance Issues
Restoration and Rehabilitation
Existing and Planned Landscape
View Sheds visible from the Historic Impact Area
Ancillary Elements such as Art Work, Signage, Lighting, Fixtures, Utilities
Transportation and Pedestrian Issues
Housing, Athletic, Medical, and UF Foundation Projects
Accessibility, Egress, Security and Sustainability Considerations
II. RECOMMENDED PROCEDURE
The UF Preservation Guidelines are presented in the format of Character Defining Features. The goal of this guideline format is to promote understanding and sensitivity to the visually cohesive character of the campus that can inspire compatible and creative expression of each era as it unfolds. Persons or entities considering new or rehabilitation work within the Historic Impact Area are encouraged to proceed as follows:
1. Review the UF Campus Preservation Plan and Guidelines prior to commitment to a project and provide information to all related donors, administrators, and users.
2. Review the Philosophy and Standards and the Character Defining Features of the UF Campus included on this page.
3. Follow the link to the Context Zone(s) closest to the work considered: East, Central, West, or South. Character Defining Features of each Zone build upon the Character Defining Features of the UF Campus and are intended to create parameters for new work in each zone.
4. Follow the link(s) to Significant Buildings and Sites of the Historic Impact Area related to the project under consideration. Character Defining Features build upon those outlined for the UF Campus and for the specific Context Zone. These features create a hierarchy of significance for preservation during rehabilitation or restoration and suggest inspiration for interpretation in new work.
5. Review the background documentation offered by the UF Campus Preservation Plan.
6. All work within the Historic Impact Area will proceed through the UF review system for Major Projects or Minor Projects, including scheduled meetings with the Preservation of Historic Buildings and Sites Committee.
Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley says he was just speculating Monday when he said there might be a chance he'll hold hearings for Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland.
President Obama nominated Garland in March to fill the vacancy resulting from the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. And Grassley has said his Judiciary Committee would not hold confirmation hearings on any supreme court nominee until the next president takes office.
But Monday in Sioux City, Grassley said if Democrat Hillary Clinton wins the election, he might consider holding them during the lame duck session of Congress. That's the time between election day and inauguration day.
He also said he would only consider holding hearings for Garland if a majority of senators favored the hearings.
Today in Dubuque, Grassley backed away from that, saying his original opinion has not changed.
"Everybody who heard me say what I said got the wrong opinion. People ask me to speculate, maybe I shouldn't be speculating, and that's all it was," said Grassley.
He went on to say "my position is exactly the same as it was when I wrote the letter signed by 10 other members of the judiciary committee to other senators that it's advised by the principle of the 30 year understanding, that if you have a vacancy in the last year, the people are going to have a voice.
"So my position is, it's going to be decided by whoever is elected president."
What is Blynk?
Imagine a prototyping board on your smartphone where you drag and drop buttons, sliders, displays, graphs and other functional widgets. And in a matter of minutes these widgets can control Arduino and get data from it.
New shield to buy? Nope. Not this time.
Blynk is not an app that works only with a particular shield. Instead, it's been designed to support the boards and shields you are already using. And it works on iOs and Android.
UPD: Blynk also works over USB. This means you can tinker with the app by connecting it to your laptop or desktop while waiting for some internet shield to arrive.
How it works
Blynk works over the Internet. So the one and only requirement is that your hardware can talk to the Internet.
No matter what type of connection you choose - Ethernet, Wi-Fi or maybe this new ESP8266 everyone is talking about – Blynk libraries and example sketches will get you online, connect to Blynk Server and pair up with your smartphone.
Blynk's architecture
Currently, Blynk libraries work with this stuff:
USB
Ethernet shield
WiFi shield
Arduino with Ethernet
Arduino YÚN (testing in progress)
ESP8266
Raspberry Pi (Blynk will communicate with Pi's GPIOs)
more Arduino compatible shields and boards (this list will be updated as we test the compatibility)
We are excited to extend this list with other awesome internet enabled products. These are our next integrations:
Electric Imp
Spark Core
The AirBoard
Wicked Wildfire
TinyDuino
WunderBar
...you name it!
We hope to get feedback and support from the community to set priorities and build additional hardware libraries. Please let us know which boards you would like Blynk to support by voting on our website after the campaign.
No laptop involved. Unless you really need it
It's not that easy to take Arduino out of your home network, so we've built a Blynk server. It handles all the authentication and communication, and also keeps an eye on your board while the smartphone is offline. Blynk server runs on Java and is open-source. You will be able to run it locally if you really need to. Messaging between mobile apps , Blynk Server and Arduino is based on a simple, lightweight and fast binary protocol over TCP/IP sockets.
For new and experienced makers
Blynk works out of the box: no new languages to learn, no additional software to install and no long documentation reading.
If you just started tinkering with Arduino, Blynk is your way to quickly get into Internet of Your Things, as you don't even need to write a code for trying out it's power.
For those of you who are building more complex projects like robots or home automation, Blynk will save time writing an app for each project. The platform is very flexible and customizable.
Just look how simple Blynk sketch is. As you upload it, Arduino automatically connects to our Server and pairs with your smartphone
Super easy setup
When designing Blynk, we really focused on simplifying things so that you could see your first results very quickly. However, if you are into writing more serious code, you'll have the full freedom in your hands.
Here is the simplest set up:
That's it. Seriously. Now you can start building something awesome!
For those who missed our Kickstarter video, this quick tutorial will show you how easy it is to turn on the lights with Blynk.
Things you can do with Blynk
We don't know what you will do with it... Really, it's like listing what you can do with Arduino. Anyway, here are just a few examples for your inspiration:
Got Milk?
Make Arduino take photos each time you open the fridge. Next time you are in a groceries store - open the Blynk app, check the photo and buy only what's needed.
Phone Drone
If you decide to build a drone, consider Blynk as a co-pilot. Use the Joystick Widgets or give commands by tilting your phone.
Talk to your plants
You've seen this before, right? Some might say that it's boring… But we love plants, and think that it's cool when they can talk back :)
...and much much much more!
Don't wait for new components
When you are excited about a new project idea and want to quickly try it out, it is particularly annoying to have to order new components and wait for them to arrive. With Blynk you can start prototyping right away!
And when you are ready to build it in a physical world - just add those components, change a few lines in the code and start pushing the buttons.
A box full of widgets
We plan to have widgets to serve all kinds of projects. Some of the widgets will be included in the basic version of the app, and others can be additionally purchased as the need arises.
Stretch Goals:
UPD: Add ESP8266 suport in June
Future Widgets
We care about your needs and wants - on the Blynk's website you'll be able to tell us which widgets you might need for your projects and we will work on that!
Virtual pins
It's really easy to set up Blynk so that, for example, a Button Widget on your iPhone directly turns the Arduino pin HIGH or LOW. Or set up a Graph Widget so that it displays sensor data straight from the Analog Input pin.
But what if you need to initiate a set of actions with just one tap on the phone? Or maybe data from the sensor needs to be processed before being displayed on the screen?
This is where virtual pins come into play. You can use them to transfer any data between the Blynk App and Arduino.
Current status and future plans
We already have working prototypes for each of Blynk's platform components: apps for iOs and Android, libraries for Arduino and Raspberry Pi, and Blynk server.
Your help is needed to complete the development, build awesome widgets and ensure best experience and excellent performance of the platform. Adding support to a wider variety of hardware also requires additional investment.
We have tons of ideas on how to make Blynk even more useful and will continue developing those far beyond the Kickstarter campaign. Here are some of the items on our roadmap:
adding more sophisticated widgets
expanding the list of supported hardware;
adding bluetooth support;
integrating with services like Temboo, Xively, IFTTT.
If we get a lot of support on Kickstarter, we will introduce very exciting stretch goals, unlocking Eventor and Bridge Widgets.
Looking forward to bringing Blynk to makers all over the world!
Team
These are the people building Blynk:
Pasha Baiborodin - Founder and user experience design warrior
- Founder and user experience design warrior Dmytro Dumanskiy - Co-Founder and server side guru
- Co-Founder and server side guru Volodymyr Shymanskyy - embedded Yoda
embedded Yoda Max Kareta - iOs ninja
- iOs ninja Alex Kipar - Android samurai
- Android samurai Iryna Liashchuk - Communications princess
Thanks to
This campaign and Blynk would never have started without support of these amazing people:
Dmytro Bershadskyy, Yulia Kovalyova, Oleksii Osynovskyy, Eugene Pylinsky, Anton Frolov, Krishna Pattabiraman, Florian Friesinger, Mali, Gregory Paksutkin, Nikita Bogorosh, Denys Gritsak, Bridget Bisset
Thank you so much for your support!
An Indian journalist who was criticised for reporting on the deadly floods while sitting on the shoulders of one of the victims has hit out at his cameraman after being sacked.
Narayan Pargaien, who has now been fired by News Express, said the controversial report from the waterlogged north of the country was ‘entirely the cameraman's fault' and claimed his colleague was trying to sabotage his career.
The video of Mr Pargaien reporting from the Uttarakhand floods, in which around 1,000 people died, has been viewed hundreds of thousands of times via YouTube and numerous media outlets.
He has been criticised for his apparently callous treatment of the unnamed man – who is seen wobbling under the strain of holding Mr Pargaien above the water level.
But now the reporter has lashed out, claiming the cameraman was only supposed to film him from the waist up.
Zoomed in: The shot the reporter believed would have improved his report (Picture: YouTube)
‘This was entirely the cameraman's fault, who, it seems, almost tried to sabotage my career by shooting from that distance and angle and releasing the video mocking this whole incident, and making me the villain,' Mr Pargaien said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘It wasn't my idea to begin with, but there was this man who took me to his home and asked me to report the damage he had suffered.
‘His house was in a miserable condition and he had lost a lot in the flood, and was left with very little food and water.
‘We helped him with some food and some money and he was grateful to us and wanted to show me some respect [by carrying me across the river], as it was the first time someone of my level had visited his house,' Mr Pargaien added to News Laundry, before revealing he had paid the man 50 rupees (55p).
In firing the reporter, News Express channel head Nishant Chaturvedi described Mr Pargaien's actions as ‘very inhuman'.
‘You cannot ride on someone's back for a story. We terminated him on Tuesday,' he said.
Narayan Pargaien's report from the flood has earned him the sack (Picture: YouTube/News Express)
Spread the love
New York, NY — In a gross abuse of power, a New York cop is caught on video blocking a bus stop—with his emergency lights engaged—to get pizza. Luckily, there was a vigilant citizen there to catch this peace officer on video as he broke the law to enjoy his lunch.
The officer in the video is driving an unmarked police car with the plates AK2435. His insignia on his sleeve indicates that he is an officer with the City University of New York Public Safety Department.
The City University of New York Public Safety Department (CUNY Public Safety), is a public safety agency in New York City. The department is tasked with protecting campuses owned by the City University of New York (CUNY) and to enforce state and city laws within those campus grounds 24 hours a day 7 days a week.
While these officers don't carry guns, Under New York state law, CUNY peace officers have the power to make arrests for less-serious misdemeanors as well as for felonies, and they may enforce other statutes such as local bylaws. By all definitions, this man is a cop and he is breaking the laws he is sworn to enforce.
As the video begins, the officer notices he's being filmed and engages the man filming him.
“Why are you videotaping me?” the officer asks as he loads his pizza into his taxpayer-funded SUV he conveniently parked—in a bus stop.
“Why do you have your lights on, parked in front of a bus stop?” asks the man filming.
“Why does that bother you so much?” asks the cop, clearly missing the point that he is using his badge to grant himself special privileges that other citizens would get ticketed or arrested for.
“Do you think you're above the law?” asks the man filming.
“No,” replies the cop, again, missing the point that he is de facto acting above the law in this very instance.
“Then why do you do it? Why do you break the law? Do you think you're special?” asks the man. “Do you think you're special? Why should you be more special than other people? Because you have a badge?”
Clearly realizing he'd been busted and his crime subsequently documented on video, the officer gets in his SUV and drives off.
As the officer drives away, the man filming takes note of him turning off his lights and indicated that the “emergency is over, he's got lunch.”
In September, a New York police officer's association put out a video attempting to claim that being a cop is a race and that cops are subject to “blue racism” because people discriminate against them. Obviously, being a cop is not a race and there is nothing wrong with criticizing someone's job choice. While it is irresponsible to stereotype and hate people for their job decisions, the video below shows how some cops give all other cops a bad name and stoke that discrimination.
Below is an example of why people feel the need to hold police officers accountable. A career choice should never be able to grant certain people in the same society special privileges that all members of that society can't enjoy. Being a cop does not mean you can break the law when it is convenient for you—no matter how tasty the pizza might be.
More than seven years ago a group of Americans traveled to Siberia to buy a pair of Russian Mi-17 helicopters for the CIA's post-9/11 clandestine operations in Afghanistan. As with many "black" programs, the contract had elements of craziness: Contracting officials paid the multimillion-dollar contract on a credit card at a local El Paso bar and then used the credit card rebate to redecorate their office; the team traveled under the guise of being private contractors; and the charter crew transporting the group abandoned the team in Russia in the middle of the night.
Ultimately, a five-year investigation into the mission led to the conviction of the Army official in charge and the contractor who bought the helicopters on charges of corruption. The two men, currently in federal prison, are appealing their convictions.
At first glance, it's a simple case: A few days after returning from Russia, the contractor paid off the second mortgage of the Army official in charge of the mission. Prosecutors argued that the contractor, Maverick Aviation, was unprepared for the mission, and the Army official helped cover up the problems in exchange for a payoff. The defendants at trial were barred from mentioning the CIA, Afghanistan or even 9/11.
In an article for The New York Post, this author looks at what really happened in Siberia based on over two dozen interviews with people involved in the mission and trial. It's a story, that in some respects, is very different than the portrait painted by the government at trial.
One interesting comparison not mentioned in the article is worth noting in light of recent purchases of Russian helicopters: In 2001, Maverick Aviation was paid $5 million for two freshly overhauled Mi-17s and spare parts, as well as travel and logistics for team of Army/CIA personnel, and got the helicopters out of Russia in under 30 days. In 2008, ARINC, a major U.S. defense contractor, was paid $322 million dollars to buy 22 Russian helicopters under a U.S. foreign military sales contract.
Guess how many helicopters ARINC has delivered to Iraq after 18 months? Zero.
Check out the full story at the New York Post.
[Photo: U.S. Air Force. The photograph, taken in March 2002, shows a CIA helicopter in Afghanistan. The tail number is traceable back to Maverick Aviation.]
See Also:
There might be as many as 10 million species of complex life on this planet today – a huge number. But add up all of the complex species that ever lived and some biologists think the grand total would be about five billion.
The estimate leads to an astonishing conclusion: a staggering 99% of species are not around any more. They have been driven to extinction.
More species are joining the ranks of the extinct every year. Many scientists believe we are living through an episode of remarkably rapid extinction, on a scale that has been seen only five times in the last half a billion years.
They call this current episode the sixth mass extinction – a large, global decline in a wide variety of species over a relatively short period of time. And they tend to agree that humans are the main cause.
Overhunting, overfishing, and human-driven habitat loss are pushing many species to the brink. In fact, we have changed the planet so much that some geologists are now suggesting that we have entered a new phase in Earth's history; an epoch they call the "Anthropocene". By 2100, it is expected that humans will have caused the extinction of up to half of the world's current species.
Because we are living through this extinction, it is relatively easy for us to study the driving forces behind it. But how do we determine what caused other mass die-offs that happened long ago? To do so we have to look at what archaeologists, palaeontologists, geologists and other scientists have concluded from the evidence they have gathered.
The trouble is, those scientists do not always agree with one another – even about the most recent extinction event.
As well as the five – or six – mass extinctions, there have also been many smaller extinctions.
One of these mini extinction events happened towards the end of the Pleistocene, a few tens of thousands of years ago. It is sometimes called the "megafaunal" extinction because many of the species it claimed were particularly large animals, weighing more than 97lb (44kg). However, its cause remains a bone of contention amongst scientists – pun intended.
Global temperatures are thought to have soared by about 6C
The problem in trying to untangle the cause of the Pleistocene megafaunal extinction is that the evidence is scanty, so there has been a protracted debate amongst scientists about how best to interpret it.
To complicate things further, the Pleistocene extinctions that happened in some areas of the world seemed to have occurred at a much slower rate than those in other areas, and the environmental conditions and human activity levels also differed.
One popular argument to explain the extinctions is that they were due to climate change. Our planet was beginning to emerge from the last ice age as the extinctions began. Global temperatures are thought to have soared by about 6C – a change that would have affected larger animals more than they cannot lose heat as fast as smaller animals.
On top of this, the climate is thought to have been more changeable at the time, with swings from very wet to very dry conditions. This could have exacerbated megafaunal extinctions. Because mammals from the ice age would have likely had thick fur coats, they would have found it difficult to adapt to the changing climate.
Overhunting could have been the culprit for the American and Australian megafaunal extinctions
The other main school of thought blames humans for the demise of the ice age megafauna. This is the hunting hypothesis, which first emerged way back in the 1870s after it was discovered that humans had lived alongside mammoths.
However, later evidence showed that the extinctions in Eurasia took place over too long a time for overhunting to be the main cause. At that point, the disagreement over the cause of the extinction began to emerge.
To muddy the waters further, the possible causes for the extinctions do not stop at climate change and overhunting. Others think contagious and deadly diseases – carried by migrating humans or their animals – may have been the main culprit. So who is correct?
Today, there are some researchers who believe that overhunting could have been the culprit for the American and Australian megafaunal extinctions. This "overkill" theory rose to fame in the late 1960s through the work of the late Paul S. Martin, a geoscientist from the University of Arizona.
It is far from clear that the overhunting argument can explain the megafaunal extinctions
It is generally accepted that overhunting was the main cause of extinctions in Australia and New Zealand. The climate in this region at the time of the extinctions was roughly the same as it is now and the species living at that time were arid-adapted.
Evidence shows that, as humans migrated into the area, they hunted the native fauna with ease. The indigenous animals had never seen humans before and were naïve to human hunting tactics. The arid environment was also very combustible and, with their impressive fire-starting skills, the first humans in the region could burn vast areas of habitat, contributing to the decline of the native species.
However, in other parts of the world it is far from clear that the overhunting argument can explain the megafaunal extinctions.
"Significant climate changes were happening at the very time the first humans were arriving in the continents, which makes it difficult to determine which factor made the most difference in megafaunal survival," explains overkill proponent Gary Haynes of the University of Nevada in Reno.
Some scientists are quick to point out that there are problems with applying the overkill hypothesis to an area like North America. For instance, there have been very few kill sites found in the Americas that demonstrate that humans were responsible for the death of large numbers of mammals. In fact, some studies suggest only two megafaunal species were hunted extensively in North America: mammoths and mastodons.
Why would humans have overhunted 23 species but not the other nine?
What's more, during the period of ice age extinctions in North America, the human population is thought to have been too low to have caused widespread extinctions, and these humans did not have the tools available to kill huge mammals in great numbers.
One of the greatest critics of the overkill hypothesis, David Meltzer of the Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, feels there is not enough evidence to show that humans were to blame for the American ice age extinctions.
In a 2015 review, Meltzer spends 25 pages trying to destroy the overkill theory by poking holes in the data. For instance, he points out that, out of 32 genera of megafaunal mammals that were present in North America during the last ice age, nine survived – and there is no clear reason why this should be the case under the overkill hypothesis.
Why would humans have overhunted 23 species but not the other nine? And why would they have hunted certain species to extinction when other, more abundant species would have surely been easier to find?
Overkill proponents are quick to defend their theory against these attacks.
Haynes, writing in 2007, argues that arguments against the overkill hypothesis are "from ignorance, based on either incomplete knowledge, prejudiced prior opinions, or misrepresentations". He says that, just because we do not have strong evidence for the overkill hypothesis, that does not mean it is not true. His idea invokes a common saying in science: an absence of evidence should not be confused with evidence of absence.
As a rather surprising analogy, he uses the Bigfoot mystery. There is an absence of evidence in terms of preserved remains of the mythological giant ape. But strictly speaking that is not the same as saying there is evidence that Bigfoot does not exist.
The main factor in the die-outs was the presence of humans
Likewise, there might be an absence of evidence that humans hunted a wide variety of large mammals. But that should not be confused with evidence that they did not, and that such hunting was a bigger impact than climate change in the extinction of those animals.
"I give more weight to humans," Haynes says, although he admits that climate change could well have played a part.
"It can't be doubted that changes in climate and vegetation were hard on megafauna populations, both regionally and continentally," he says. "But the inexorable disappearance of so many large mammals in different continents, in synchrony with the expansive spread of modern Homo sapiens to those continents, is enough circumstantial evidence to convince me that the main factor in the die-outs was the presence of humans."
Haynes is not the only firm believer in the overkill theory. Todd Surovell, an archaeologist at the University of Wyoming in Laramie, is also a proponent. He points to the strong correlation between the arrival of humans into areas and subsequent waves of extinctions.
Surovell also says there is not enough evidence to support the climate change theory.
"We have no clear cases of large-scale extinctions of animals in the absence of humans. Mammoths, for example, survived into the Holocene in oceanic islands not reached by humans," he says. "Unless climate change perfectly tracked human global colonisation, it cannot explain extinctions in different places at different times."
Merely pointing out the problems with the climate argument does not prove that it must have been humans
Haynes also wonders how climate change could be the sole culprit when "so many of the extinct genera survived numerous climatic reversals over the last two to three million years that don't seem so very different from the last one when the extinctions occurred".
"Another problem with climate change is that some extinctions seem to have happened when no major climate changes were occurring," he says.
Ross Barnett, a Pleistocene extinction expert at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark, agrees with Haynes. "The Pleistocene/Holocene transition was not fundamentally different from many of the previous glacial/interglacial changes - except that modern humans were around," he says.
But other researchers disagree. "Merely pointing out the problems with the climate argument does not prove that it must have been humans," says Tony Stuart, a megafaunal extinction expert from Durham University, UK. Stuart does, however, believe that the climate change theory is not clear-cut and that "much more work is needed to determine if there was something unique about the Last Glacial".
Other experts think neither the overkill nor climate change argument is correct.
The disease theory, proposed by Ross MacPhee and Preston Marx, suggests that a "hyperdisease" was introduced to native mammals by migrating humans, or possibly their dogs. It particularly affected larger mammals, proponents suggest, because smaller-bodied species are more resilient as a result of their larger population sizes and shorter gestation times.
There's a strong philosophical resistance to the idea that pre-industrial hunter-gatherers were not conscious conservationists
For the disease to have wiped out so many species, it would have to have been: 1) able to exist outside the host, 2) highly contagious, 3) able to infect many species and 4) able to kill at least 50% of those infected.
However, this idea does not appear to have much evidence to support it, so it is regarded by many as being an unlikely main cause of the ice age extinctions.
Unpicking the arguments for and against the different theories to explain the megafaunal extinctions, one is left wondering how much of the debate is due to differences of opinions and how much is due to opposing ideologies.
"There's a strong philosophical resistance to the idea that pre-industrial hunter-gatherers were not conscious conservationists," says Haynes.
Other researchers feel the disagreement has turned into a catfight. "Those loudly claiming that humans could never be the cause seem as ideologically driven as some on the overkill side," says Barnett.
We all see the same evidence, but we interpret it in different ways
Stuart also believes that the different arguments are fuelling conflict between researchers. "It is especially wrong to move on as if the question of cause has been solved," he says. He feels this is "stifling further investigation and discouraging alternative views".
Could it be that the extinctions were caused by both a changing climate and overhunting by humans? This does seem to be the case for the late Pleistocene megafaunal extinctions in some parts of the world – particularly South East Asia – so it is possible that the combination may also have been the downfall of megafauna in other areas.
"It is possible there is no single explanation for every extinction event," says Surovell.
Stuart thinks that the issue is far from solved. "These are very complex issues and the evidence is inadequate for most parts of the world, including North America," he says. "So it comes down to how you interpret the available evidence. My view is that it is entirely premature to come to definite conclusions given our present state of knowledge."
Surovell agrees: "We all see the same evidence, but we interpret it in different ways."
The mystery surrounding the cause of the last ice age extinction might not have been solved yet, but the current mass extinction is unquestionably due to us.
Given that the climate is now changing rapidly and our destructive activities on the environment continue unabated, perhaps Pleistocene scientists will finally come to a consensus and agree that these combined factors are what drives multiple groups of species to global extinction.
Join over six million BBC Earth fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
U.S. President Donald Trump expressed effusive praise for Canada and Justin Trudeau Saturday night after Brian Mulroney got a standing ovation for singing When Irish Eyes are Smiling during a cancer benefit at the U.S. President's Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla.
It's the same song the former Progressive Conservative prime minister sang together with president Ronald Reagan at the so-called Shamrock Summit in 1985 in Quebec City that helped cement a friendship between the two leaders and led to the Canada-U.S. free-trade deal.
Mr. Mulroney and his wife, Mila, had been invited to dine at the same table as Mr. Trump and his wife, Melania, and Boston power couple Michele and Howard Kessler. The event was a dinner and dance fundraiser for the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, which raised $2.3-million (U.S.) from the wealthy crowd of 800.
Story continues below advertisement
Canadian songwriter and composer David Foster, who was the main entertainer, invited Mr. Mulroney to the stage, noting that St. Patrick's Day is right around the corner and asked him to sing When Irish Eyes Are Smiling.
When he took the microphone, Mr. Mulroney joked: "Mr. President, I hope this doesn't wreck Canada-U.S. relations for decades to come."
U.S. President Donald Trump expressed fulsome praise for Canada and Justin Trudeau Saturday night after Brian Mulroney got a standing ovation for singing When Irish Eyes are Smiling during a cancer benefit at the U.S. President's Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla.
The former prime minister got a standing ovation led by the Trumps, according to attendees.
When he got back to the Trump table, the President told Mr. Mulroney that "relationships are just great between Canada and the United States. Justin had a terrific trip down to Washington."
Mr. Mulroney has taken on the role of Mr. Trudeau's unofficial emissary to the United States, using his long-time personal connection to Mr. Trump and other members of his cabinet, as well as the President's outside business advisory councils, to help shield Canada from America First protectionist policies.
Mr. Mulroney has developed a close bond with Mr. Trudeau despite belonging to different political parties. Pierre Trudeau and Mr. Mulroney were sworn enemies. Mr. Mulroney has never forgiven the elder Trudeau for his intervention that helped kill the Meech Lake accord, which Mr. Mulroney had championed to address Quebec's isolation from the 1982 Constitution.
Since Mr. Trump's election, Mr. Mulroney and former Canadian ambassador to Washington Derek Burney have acted as informal advisers on how to handle the Republican-led Congress and the Trump White House and cabinet secretaries.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
A source said the President's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, has said in private that the White House has found it easy and professional to work with Mr. Trudeau's team of advisers that include principal secretary Gerald Butts, chief of staff Katie Telford and Canadian Ambassador to the United States David MacNaughton.
Mr. Trudeau won a major achievement from his visit to the White House when Mr. Trump said he was interested in only "tweaking" the North American free-trade deal as it governs commerce with Canada. Mr. Trump's focus is on rebalancing the big trade surplus that Mexico has with the United States as well as building a wall and confronting illegal immigration from that country.
Canada and the United States are expected to hold bilateral negotiations on NAFTA to reach agreements on issues such as e-commerce, precargo clearance and making it easier for high-tech professionals to work in either country.
Motion Blur. This one is currently broken... But I have worked out a method of generating velocity buffers, so expect a per-object camera motion-blur soon.
God Rays (Deprecated, use radial blur mode if you don't want bloom.) As far as I know, this effect has been removed. FrostBite23 has a new one with proper sunshafts, so look through the thread for the package.
StarBloom (This effect now makes a return!) this one has been removed for now. I wish to add it again later.
New re-written Object-oriented API: allowing for split-screen games to work. (also, no more static variables!) see manual for details.
Docs are now updated to the best I can manage, and should hopefully get better.
whole system mow uses power of two textures, allowing for faster texture upload on slower systems.
new screen capture method has been implemented. works faster, and looks better. also has a quality slider. The new motion blur fx coming will benefit from this very well.
certain effects don't stack well. I have found the reason for this, and it's because most of my shaders don't use any sort of alpha blending, of which blocks other effects from showing. 3.0 aims to address this issue, and already, several fx (e.g. both DoF and Bloom work really well now!) have been given the ability to stack with others! On a side note: in the current release, the SSAO is stackable with other fx, so at least there's that.
On a side note: in the current release, the SSAO is stackable with other fx, so at least there's that. no longer relevant as Unity 4.5 disabled linear space in free version. This is now releavnt again with the arrival of Unity 5, as free users now have access to linear space again! Using linear color space with these effects makes the screen go dark! if you get this problem, check the color space is set to 'Gamma' instead.This is now releavnt again with the arrival of Unity 5, as free users now have access to linear space again!
current POT implementation, from reading user feedback, is very buggy and slow on some computers. Since I have made a new implementation of the texture capture engine, I plan to erase ALL OTHER ENGINES, and only have one, to boost performance, and to clean the code up...
effects pack still doesn't work on mobile: a lot of people wish this was possible, so I will see what I can do! On a side note: I did actually get some basic post-processing working in another project of mine, (see here for details: http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/wip-neodash-a-sci-fi-not-yet-d-arcade-racer-for-android.267972/) and it essentially only captures the texture when it's needed. this allowed the possibility of a radial blur every time the player's car ran over the dash panel!
Two teens are in custody following reported suspicious activity.
At approximately 12:30 a.m., Wednesday May 17, 2017, Saskatoon police were called to the 100 block of Willowgrove Crescent. Officers were notified that a car had parked in a lot and numerous people got out and began checking other parked vehicles. When police arrived the suspects fled on foot.
The SPS Canine Unit attended and was successful in locating two suspects hiding in a garage.
A 15 year old male and 16 year old male were taken into police custody. Both teens had warrants for their arrest.
Officers recovered a 22. caliber sawed-off rifle and marihuana located inside of the suspect vehicle. That vehicle was reported stolen on May 16, 2017. In that case, the owner had left keys under the floor mat.
The investigation is ongoing.
(Occurrence Number: 17-48140)
The Transportation Security Administration is dropping nearly a quarter of a billion dollars on compact, next-generation body scanners to better detect concealed explosives, such as the newfangled underwear bomb recently seized in Yemen. The imaging machines, like other upgraded systems, hide a passenger's nude body from TSA officers by displaying generic representations of appendages with suspect items flagged.
Three five-year contracts paying out a combined total of up to $245 million have been awarded to L-3 Communications Corp., American Science and Engineering Inc. and Smiths Detection, according to government databases. The procurement documents released during the past week do not disclose the number of machines purchased or name the airports where they will be stationed.
Citizens frequently bash TSA for invading privacy and holding up checkpoint lines without improving security. Agency officials said the new body scanners will provide “enhanced threat detection capabilities and increased passenger throughput.”
In May, White House officials confirmed spoiling an apparent Yemeni-driven conspiracy to detonate hidden explosives that were more resilient than those worn by the failed underwear bomber on Christmas Day 2009.
The episode sparked questions about the ability of existing body scanners to spot more sophisticated combustible materials.
The procurement documents state the next-generation machines can discern both metallic and non-metallic items such as “weapons, improvised explosive device components and plastic threats.”
The Homeland Security Department, which supervises TSA, is partnering with A-T Solutions on a five-year, $46 million project aimed at countering homegrown IEDs, the contractor announced on Sept. 13.
Correction and update: An earlier version of this story overstated the amount TSA is paying for new body scanners; the correct figure is $245 million. The story also has been updated to report the Smiths Detection contract, which was announced after the article was originally published.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Edward Snowden should find another country to seek refuge in, a Russian official said on Thursday, signaling Moscow's growing impatience over the former U.S. spy agency contractor's stay at a Moscow airport.
An employee distributes newspapers, with a photograph (L) of former U.S. spy agency contractor Edward Snowden seen on a page, at an underground walkway in central Moscow July 2, 2013. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said Russia had received no request for political asylum from Snowden and he had to solve his problems himself after 11 days in the transit area of Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport.
President Vladimir Putin has refused to extradite the American and Russian officials have delighted in his success in staying out of the United States' clutches since revealing details of secret U.S. government surveillance programs.
But Moscow also has made clear that Snowden is an increasingly unwelcome guest because the longer he stays, the greater the risk of the diplomatic standoff causing lasting damage to relations with Washington.
“He needs to choose a place to go,” Ryabkov told Reuters. “As of this moment, we do not have a formal application from Mr Snowden asking for asylum in the Russian Federation.”
Ryabkov told Itar-Tass news agency separately that Russia “cannot solve anything for him” and the situation should now be resolved “one way or the other”.
His remarks echoed comments by Putin, who has urged Snowden, 30, to leave as soon as he can.
France and Italy, both U.S. allies, said they had rejected asylum requests from Snowden.
“Like many countries France has received, via its ambassador in Moscow, an asylum request from Edward Snowden. For legal reasons and given the applicant's situation, it will not be processed,” Interior Minister Manuel Valls said in a statement.
Valls had said earlier that France's relations with the United States would not allow it to harbor Snowden.
Italian Foreign Minister Emma Bonino said any asylum request would have to be presented in person at the border or on Italian territory, which Snowden had not done.
“As a result there do not exist the legal conditions to accept such a request, which in the government's view would not be acceptable on a political level either,” she told parliament.
On Monday, Putin said Snowden could only be granted asylum by Moscow if he agreed to stop actions that could harm the United States.
Putin's press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, said on Tuesday that Snowden had withdrawn his interest in asylum in Russia after Putin spelled out the terms. His options have narrowed further since then as no country has agreed to grant him asylum.
INDEPENDENCE DAY
Russian officials have kept Snowden at arm's length since he landed from Hong Kong on June 23, saying the transit area where passengers stay between flights is neutral territory and he will be on Russian soil only if he goes through passport control.
Moscow has also done nothing to trumpet his presence or parade him before cameras and Putin has avoided the temptation to mock Obama when asked about the affair in public. He said last week he would prefer not to deal with it at all.
Relations with Washington have been strained since Putin's return to the presidency last year. He has accused the United States of backing protesters demanding his removal and Washington is concerned that he is cracking down on dissent.
But there have been signs of an improvement as the sides try to cooperate more on security since the April 15 Boston marathon bombings, in which two ethnic Chechens are the main suspects. The United States has also shown some restraint in its remarks.
“We continue to talk with the Russian government every day (about Snowden), absolutely every day, including myself,” U.S. ambassador Michael McFaul told reporters. “We hope to resolve this ... in a way that we want to have it ended and so far we're very happy with our interactions with the Russian government.”
In a message to Obama on U.S. Independence Day, Putin said the United States and Russia shared a special responsibility for global security and counter-terrorism and that he is certain they can agree on key issues despite differences, the Kremlin said.
Russia's Interfax news agency underlined Washington's own determination to keep ties on an even keel, quoting an unnamed source as saying Snowden's case had not been raised by U.S. Justice Department officials at recent talks in Moscow.
Russia has, however, reveled in the diplomatic fallout since Bolivian President Evo Morales, a Putin ally, was held up on his way home from an energy meeting in Moscow because a number of European countries refused initially to let his plane into their airspace over suspicions that Snowden was on board.
Bolivia blamed the delays on Washington and the Russian Foreign Ministry criticized three European Union member states.
“The actions of the authorities of France, Spain and Portugal could hardly be considered friendly actions towards Bolivia,” it said. “Russia calls on the international community to comply strictly with international legal principles.”
You sometimes hear people complaining about the use of the term “language evolution” when what people really mean is historical linguistics, language change or the cultural evolution of language. So what's the difference?
Some people argue that evolution is a strictly biological phenomenon; how the brain evolved the structures which acquire and create language, and any linguistic change is anything outside of this.
Sometimes this debate gets reduced to the matter of whether there are enough parallels between the cultural evolution of language and biological evolution to justify them both having the “evolution” label. George Walkden recently did a presentation in Manchester on why language change is not language evolution and dedicated quite a large chunk of a presentation to where the analogy between languages and species fall down. It is true that there are a lot of differences between languages and species, and how these things replicate and interact, and of course it is difficult to find them perfectly analogous.
However, focussing on the differences between biological and cultural evolution in language causes one to overlook why a lot of evolutionary linguistics work looks at cultural evolution. Work on cultural evolution is trying to address the same question as studies looking directly at physiology, why is language structured the way it is? Obviously how structure evolved is the main question here, but how much of this was biological, and how much is cultural is still a very open question. And any work which looks at how structure comes about, either through biological or cultural evolution can, in my opinion, legitimately be called evolutionary linguistics.
Additionally, in the absence of direct empirical evidence in language evolution, the indirect evidence that we can gather, either through observing the structure of the world's languages, or by using artificial learning experiments, can help us answer questions about our cognitive abilities.
Furthermore, Kirby (2002) outlined 3 timescales of language evolution on the levels of biological evolution (phylogenetic), cultural evolution (glossogentic) and individual development (ontogentic). All of these timescales interact and influence each other, so it's necessary to consider all of these levels in language evolution research, and to say work on any of these timescales is not language evolution research is not respecting the big picture.
So what's the difference between language change and language evolution? As with almost everything, it's not a black and white issue. I would say though that studies looking at universal trends in language, or cultural evolution experiments in the lab, are very relevant to language evolution. What I'd label historical linguistics, or studies on language change, however, is work which presents data from just one language, as it is hard to make inferences about the evolution of our universal capability for language with just one data point.
Figure 1 from: Kirby, S. (2002b). Natural language from artificial life. Artificial Life, 8(2):185-215.
Share this: Reddit
Facebook
LinkedIn
More
Google
Twitter
Email
Print
Notice: wpdb::prepare was called. The query argument of wpdb::prepare() must have a placeholder. Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 3.9.0.) in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3197 Notice: wpdb::prepare was called. The query does not contain the correct number of placeholders (0) for the number of arguments passed (1). Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 4.8.3.) in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3197
While we all wait, patiently, for Alpha (and because it looks like the stream may not have been archived) I'll post screenshots of any cards Cory spoiled during the stream – put your requests in the comments below…
Hex Vault
Top Posts & Pages Deck of the Week: Blood / Diamond Midrange
Recent Comments
Categories Select Category Article (12) Card Mechanics (2) Card Spoilers (14) Card Strategy (4) Columns (4) Comic (2) Convention (25) Cryptozoic (29) Deck Archetypes (2) Design a Card (1) Design a Dungeon (1) Exclusives (2) Exploring Entrath (1) From the Vault (34) Hex Live! (3) Hex Online! (2) Hex Vault (40) Hex: MMO/TCG (50) Hex: Shards of Fate (49) HexCon (3) Interview (8) Kickstarter (3) Metagame Strategy (1) Off Topic (1) Podcast (2) PVE (5) PVP (3) Tournament (1) Uncategorized (6) Vanity Card (1)
Strict Standards: Non-static method sidebar_generator::get_sidebar() should not be called statically in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-content/themes/Variance/includes/m_s/multiple_sidebars.php on line 419Notice: wpdb::prepare was called. The query argument of wpdb::prepare() must have a placeholder. Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 3.9.0.) in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3197 Notice: wpdb::prepare was called. The query does not contain the correct number of placeholders (0) for the number of arguments passed (1). Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 4.8.3.) in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3197Notice: wpdb::prepare was called. The query argument of wpdb::prepare() must have a placeholder. Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 3.9.0.) in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3197 Notice: wpdb::prepare was called. The query does not contain the correct number of placeholders (0) for the number of arguments passed (1). Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 4.8.3.) in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3197 Notice: wpdb::prepare was called. The query argument of wpdb::prepare() must have a placeholder. Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 3.9.0.) in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3197 Notice: wpdb::prepare was called. The query does not contain the correct number of placeholders (0) for the number of arguments passed (1). Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 4.8.3.) in /home/thehexva/public_html/blog/wp-includes/functions.php on line 3197
The Apprentice stars faced off in spectacular fashion this week. It all started with wind turbines and then, oh dear, Piers Morgan got involved
Step aside, Cheryl Cole and Cher Lloyd. Out of the way, Lily Allen and Courtney Love. Move along, Chris Brown and the entire world. When it comes to ridiculous celebrity Twitter spats, there's a new daddy in town.
In the red corner, representing New York, the silliest faction of American Republicans and haircuts that look like monkey bottoms: Donald Trump. In the blue corner, representing corrugated iron industrial parks, pronouncing the word "bloody" as if it has the letter A in it and a million Amstrad Em@iler jokes: Lord Alan Sugar. The pair seem to have been circling each other for months now, both in terms of letting the world know they don't watch the other's version of The Apprentice and starting witless online squabbles with anyone they can think of, but yesterday Trump and Sugar finally charged at each other headfirst, and it was spectacular to witness.
Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland's garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
First, Trump used Twitter to criticise the UK government's fondness for wind turbines – possibly because they might spoil the views from his country-crushing megacorp of a golf course – to which Sugar replied "The Scottish don't want you!" Sadly for posterity, Sugar has since deleted his contributions to the row from his Twitter feed.
Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) .@lord_sugarIf you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
It escalated from there. Trump shot back with: "If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice." Never a man to take the directionless frothing of an egotist lying down, Sugar quickly hammered out an oblivious missive of his own: "well you have NO SAY in that. The British like me not you. the ugly windmills will bring more revenue and green power to Scotland than your golf project."
Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) Sugar: @lord_sugar—unlike you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
On and on it went. Trump: "Sugar – unlike you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show you'd be nothing!" Sugar: "You approved me! What a load of rubbish dream on You don't own apprentice Mark Burnett does. Shut up and argue with Obama." Trump: "Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show. You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!" Sugar: "You have had a charisma bypass."
Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) ... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump.
Trump replied: "Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump."
Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) Don't wish to interfere obviously @realdonaldtrump - but it may be time to fire @lord_sugar from YOUR show for his impertinence?
At this point, bang on cue, Piers Morgan – a man who has flown planes with Alan Sugar, won Trump's Celebrity Apprentice and will never knowingly let anything high-profile pass without wedging his gelatinous face right in the middle of it – barged in to suggest that Trump should fire Sugar. And this is where Alan Sugar lost it, ranting: "You are full of sh.. Trump you have no power over the UK Apprentice, just like the Scottish people." Whether he meant that a) Donald Trump has no power over Scottish people, b) Donald Trump has no power over the UK Apprentice or c) that Scottish people have no power over the UK Apprentice, will for ever be lost to the ages.
Who knew that there was so much inter-Apprentice contention? In retrospect, it's just a shame that other global Apprentice hosts didn't join in with the mudslinging. What a joy it would have been to see Vladimir Potanin from the Russian show leap into the middle and throw down? Or Tokyo Sexwale, South Africa's minister of human settlements and boss of South Africa's The Apprentice? Or Inger Ellen Nicolaisen, the hairdressing magnate formerly in charge of the Norwegian version? That said, she's a hairdressing magnate. She couldn't have possibly sided with Trump. It would go against everything she's ever stood for.
Luckily, for all of us, the spat has cooled in the past few hours. All that's left are the memories, and a fascinating glimpse into the management styles of the two men. Trump, it seems, rules with a mixture of grandiose claims and a kind of General Zod-style imperiousness. Meanwhile, Sugar attacks life with a reckless disregard for grammar and basic punctuation. Both, however, are united in their love of epic, all-powerful, world-ignoring delusion. It's just a shame they can't put their differences aside and learn to love each other. If they could, they'd make a wonderful pair of children's entertainers.
By any stretch of anyone's imagination, it is fair to say the lead up to, as well as the first few days of the Donald Trump administration have been nothing short of spectacular for U.S. Oil and Gas Inc. Barely hours after Trump had taken office as the 45th President of the USA, an overhauled White House website proudly declared its new found pro energy industry credentials. Guidance on climate change – a key feature of the Obama administration's policy framework – was swiftly erased from the site.
Then three days into his presidency, Trump gave his explicit backing to two controversial pipeline projects – Keystone XL and Dakota Access – provided American steel is used in their construction giving his “America First Energy Plan” a novel dimension. How could you possibly trump the wider appeal of projects boosting the country's energy industry, providing jobs and utilizing domestic steel to boot.
It's official: Metrolinx has sent the city a letter confirming that work has effectively stopped on the conversion of the Scarborough RT to an LRT. “We will not expend any more funds on the project because it no longer enjoys the essential support of our partner, city council,” says the Aug. 2 letter to city manager Joe Pennachetti.
Metrolinx has sent a letter to the city confirming that work on converting the Scarborough RT to LRT has stopped. The city wants to replace the SRT with a subway but needs to find the extra funds to make it happen. The province is waiting for those funds to be in place before spending more money. ( CARLOS OSORIO / TORONTO STAR )
The message from Metrolinx CEO Bruce McCuaig comes about a month after council voted to pursue an extension of the Bloor-Danforth subway northeast to the Scarborough Town Centre, rather than move ahead on an LRT. But the subway approval was contingent on the city finding the funds — including half from the federal government — to cover the difference in cost, estimated to be about $1 billion, although many believe that's a conservative estimate. The Metrolinx letter leaves the door open, however, to the city changing its mind yet again and returning to the $1.8 billion LRT plan the province had promised to fund in full. Metrolinx says it needs to apply about $400 million of that money to redesigning Kennedy station for the Eglinton-Scarborough Crosstown LRT.
Article Continued Below
“In the event the city suspends pursuit of the subway extension, Metrolinx is prepared to return to implementing the current project,” writes McCuaig. Councillor Josh Matlow (Ward 22, St. Paul's), who argued vigorously against the subway proposal, is holding out hope that will happen. Calling the subway plan “the mayor and council's billion-dollar boondoggle,” Matlow believes a subway extension will cost far more than the $1 billion difference council talked about last month. “I heard $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, and it's going to come out of taxpayers' pockets,” he said, noting that the 7.6-kilometre subway extension would serve far fewer Scarborough residents than the 9.9-kilometre proposed LRT. In addition, said Matlow, the city is on the hook for at least $85 million in sunk costs — money already spent developing the LRT.
“Not only is the city of Toronto now responsible for up to $100 million in sunk costs, but it will also increase the city's debt by over half a billion and have to hike property taxes to cover the servicing charges,” he said. McCuaig's letter also reconfirms that the province would contribute to the subway project only $1.48 billion, rather than the $1.8 billion that the city assumed when council voted in favour of the subway.
Article Continued Below
Matlow said that gives him hope the LRT plan will be back on track in fall when council confronts the fact that its approval of the subway was contingent on the province providing $1.8 billion. It was also conditional on the federal government providing half of the additional funding needed for a subway, something Mayor Rob Ford has said he's already pursuing with federal Finance Minister Jim Flaherty. The Metrolinx letter says sunk costs for the LRT will be borne by the city. “Once city council finalizes its position on Scarborough rapid transit, we can mutually determine an effective process for the city's review of the sunk costs. … Some of these costs relate to payments Metrolinx has made to the TTC from the time the TTC was managing the project. In addition, costs associated with the signed contract with Bombardier for the delivery of light rail vehicles will not be known until negotiations with the company are completed,” McCuaig said. Subway advocates, led by Ford, say Scarborough residents want a subway. A poll by Forum Research showed that the subway option is the most popular among Torontonians. However, support for the subway dipped when the poll explained the planned route would provide fewer neighbourhood stops. TTC chair Karen Stintz (Ward 16, Eglinton-Lawrence) has argued that the subway offers transit riders added convenience because it eliminates a transfer at Kennedy Station between the LRT and the subway.
Read more about:
265
14554 Vanowen St
Van Nuys , CA 91405
(818) 787-9383
Bottom Line: GREAT prices for sushi, variety of rolls, and their signature ninja handroll is bomb. OK let me just start by saying this place is a hidden gem okurrrrr. I completely ditched SushiStop after I found Yagumo and SushiStop upped their prices... the prices are literally the same for more food and better quality. Food: They have a large selection of rolls, and the food is fresh. My rolls usually come up to 4-5 dollars for your standards and double for the special ones... and you get A LOT. Try the ninja if you haven't already. The only thing I'll say is sometimes things can be a little mayo heavy so I'd ask if you want to avoid that. Also- they serve delicious bean sprouts automatically as an appetizer. Atmosphere: Very very causal. I believe they do karaoke on Wednesday nights which is dope. You can also win a prize at their wheel or fortune like wheel LOL --- the things that excite me. Am I five? Service: I personally like sitting at the sushi bar the most or I usually take stuff to go. Overall: A SUSHI GO TO if you have fixes weekly like me!
*Clean place *Flat screen TVs *Friendly staff *Ate Baked Salmon Roll, Spider Roll, Mexican Cut Roll, Salmon Skin Roll, Shrimp Roll. YUUUM !!! *Drank Plum Wine *Theres Karaoke . Not sure what nights.
They were short staffed. The waitress we're running around working hard but they needed help. They were nice though. However, food was lacking in flavor and freshness. Best part about it was that it was cheap. I based on the current rating rating it should've been way better. Probably won't be back.
Yagumo is one of those hidden gems. Their sushi is delicious and fresh, Cameron is one of the best chefs there. Make sure you ask him for a baby octopus & tuna hand roll you will not be disappointed.
This is probably my favorite sushi place in town, everything was professional, the server was amazing and fast! Would definitely recommend
Tiny little strip mall with this secret sushi spot! Found them through yelp and did a pickup order. The lady on the phone was super sweet and helpful. I LOVE the fact that you can choose your spice level for every single roll! I'm addicted to spicy food so this was immediately a win for me. I asked what's inside the secret ninja roll and they said it's a secret duh! I took a chance and ordered it with a spice level 3, it definitely had some kick but I'll be trying a level 4 next time. The roll was fresh and very flavorful, had a lot of scallions so if you don't like onion don't try this one. Also got the spicy tuna and a simple cali roll. Overall the food was fresh and tasty! Service was great and the prices are super cheap for sushi! Can't wait to come back here to try more items with my brother
The menu is a little small, but their hand rolls and sushi are flavorful. Prices are fair.
I got a door dash order of the Chicken Teriyaki. Bottom line - the food was bad. The salad did not taste right and the rice wasn't fresh. The chicken was tough and dry. I was hoping to like it since I was starving but it gave me a tummy ache. I will avoid this place next time.
From the service as you walk in and are greeted to the fine tasty rolls, sashimi or whatever you order...rest assured... you will be very satisfied! I have been coming to this place for about 20 years and it just keeps getting better - Great job staff at Yagumo Sushi Rudy
This review is long overdue. I come here almost every week since moving into the area a year ago. I never cared for hand rolls before this but now I'm hooked. Other sushi restaurants cannot beat Yagumo's amazing and almost addicting hand roll flavors. Seriously - I sample spicy scallop hand rolls from other sushi joints, including highly rated or popular places around LA but nothing comes close. Yagumo's sushi is always fresh and is the most affordable sushi place I've ever been to in the country. Their uni sushi is half the price compared to other restaurants. The staff are friendly and accommodating and parking is easy. The restaurant itself is nothing fancy but clean so who cares when you're there for the food! Overall, this is the sushi place you go to on a regular basis because of the combined great value and great taste. If you're looking for a high-end experience with actual Japanese wait staff and sushi chefs with marginally better quality fish, then go somewhere else.
The food doesn't taste bad, but the second time we went there saw an insect (which looked like a spiny roach) climbing up the sides of the glass onto the tabletop. We all got terrified by it and got up from the chairs then one of the waitress came and killed it. Nevertheless, the owner did not show any regret about the incident or even address it. After seeing that bug on the table, we were unable to eat there, we paid the bill and took the food as a to-go. Wasn't able to eat any just from thinking about the incident and just ended up throwing it away. Service wasn't what we would expect from ANY food service place.
Their spicy tuna (spicy level #3) is what I come here for. Whatever they put in their hand rolls (the spicy ones) is sooo yummy. This is the kind of spiciness I crAve. They have a spicy challenge, that goes to level #10. I love spicy, like I'm almost everything that I eat.....but #4 is the spiciest I could go so far due to its hardcore spiciness. If you think I'm joking, please take the challenge and maybe I'll see your spicy-I-survived-face on their victory board. There is also karaoke on Wednesday nights, that I keep trying to catch.... but have yet to do so.
Tucked away in an inconspicuous plaza in Van Nuys lies a hidden gem of sushi restaurants- Yagumo Sushi. I've had the pleasure of dining here several times now and each time I leave happily satisfied, excited about my next chance to eat there again. Yagumo doesn't look like much from the outside, but the old saying of not judging a book by its cover definitely applies here. This restaurant offers fresh, delectable sushi at an affordable price. Some of my favorites: Spider Roll- The roll comes with 5 pieces of deep fried soft-shelled crab wrapped in rice, veggies, and seaweed + ponzu sauce. The soft-shelled crab is fried to perfection and adds fantastic texture to the roll. Albacore nigiri- The albacore is topped with chopped scallions and ponzu sauce. The nigiri just melts in your mouth. Yagumo is also known for their spicy hand roll challenge, which you can get up to a spice level of 10. I think I can eat relatively spicy foods, but a spice level of 4 is at the brink of the sushi still being enjoyable to eat. The service here is fantastic and the sushi chefs are always so friendly. If you're ever in the area and craving sushi, I would make the effort to head to Yagumo to get your craving satisfied.
Always get DoorDash orders from here. Always great fresh food. They always get it right. Never missing anything. Food delicious.
This is the spot for the best hand rolls you have even had!!!! The staff is sooo nice! Love the sushi chefs! The sushi is always fresh and yummy! The super cool thing about this place is that you can order sushi at a spicy level of 10 (which is extremely spicy) and if you finish it all then u get to go up onto their wall of fame for eating super spicy sushi! If you are a daredevil and a sushi lover than you gotta do it!
Tried 4 diff rolls. All were a miss for me except 1. The red dragon was good. Tasty. If i had to go again i would order red dragon. Was not a fan of the yorched lobster. Too torched tasted like burbt bread.
Great find. The shopping center looked shady but I'm so glad I went in. My friend has been eating here for years. The prices were great and the chef was super friendly and interesting. He suggested 2 special hand rolls that were amazing!!!!
GREAT FRESH SUSHI at a very affordable price. Staff is super lovely. 10/10 Cut rolls come in five pieces. We got salmon, vegetable and Californian rolls which were most definitely made on the spot and so yum! Highly recommended for a cute local sushi place!
The review is solely on the food as I've only ordered for pickup. I ordered the Grab my crunch, ninja secret hand roll, spicy level 5, Spicy tuna handroll spicy level 5 & spicy shrimp handroll wrapped in pink rice paper, spicy level 5. Everything I had been delish! Now I'm a spicy eater and (been one all my life) for me the spicier the better, but let me just say that I was huffing and puffing of the spiciness of level 5 that I feel like a weak sauce for getting my butt kicked by it!! So be warn...if you get that level, you might regret it lol.
We depend on your support. A generous gift in any amount helps us continue to bring you this service.
While protesters took the streets outside to support striking Verizon workers, 10 striking employees and two union staffers went inside Hotel Albuquerque, eventually confronting the telecommunication corporation's chief executive.
Joey Peters
As Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam wrapped up the company's annual shareholders' meeting inside, he finally addressed the elephant in the room. Roughly 40,000 wireline company employees across the nation are into their fourth week of striking after coming to an impasse in negotiations with Verizon management over a new contract.
Related: Protesters stop traffic outside Verizon shareholder's meeting.
“While I won't say a lot about the strike we're experiencing today, I would like to thank the members of the union who are here today and your approach to this,” McAdam said, referring to Communication Workers of America employees in the room and picketing outside the hotel. “There is nothing we would like to do more than complete a contract either at the table or through mediation and get our employees and union members back to work.”
After he finished, a group of employees approached McAdams and spoke to him for roughly 10 minutes.
Michael Gendron, a field technician for Verizon from Hauppauge, New York and executive vice president at CWA Local 1108, said the most important issue in the impasse is over “workforce flexibility,” or management's ability to move Verizon employees to work in other areas.
“We can't have our people just being moved around like nomads,” Gendron told McAdam.
It's an issue Dennis Dunn, a cable installer from Long Island, New York, also touched on. He told NM Political Report that Verizon's proposed new contract would allow the company to move employees to work in any area within 100 miles at will.
“They want to be able to move us around whenever they want, however they want, and take us away from our homes,” Dunn said. “It's basically a form of making us quit because we would be so miserable.”
McAdam, for his part, contended that management's proposed contract doesn't have “overnight movement” of employees or “permanent” movement of employees.
“It may not be the objective,” Gendron responded. “But if you leave the language in there, the management that you have will utilize it that way.”
According to the Nation, a progressive-leaning magazine, Verizon's proposed contract would allow the company to move employees to different locations for up to two months at a time. The company also wants more authority to outsource jobs.
Verizon is doing well in the market—the Nation also reports that the company made $39 billion in profits over the past three years.
So far, the company has stayed with its hardline approach to negotiations. Last weekend Verizon cut off health insurance for the 40,000 striking workers.
“It's been a little concerning to all of us that we have no medical benefits right now,” Monica Best, a Verizon line worker from Utica, New York, told McAdam. “You kind of walk around, tell your kids to be careful.”
McAdam blamed the union for the loss of health insurance.
“Without being too inflammatory, I would've hoped that would have been part of leadership's decision when they decided to call a strike,” he said. “Again, we didn't choose the strike. There's only one group that decides to take people out.”
He added that “after 10 months of negotiations, we could put the number of proposals we put on the table vs the number the union had, and we put so many more on the table.”
“The thing we got to focus on now is how do we get this resolved,” McAdam said.
Jeannette Spoor, a retired line worker who worked for Verizon for 30 years, questioned McAdam why Verizon hadn't given retirees a cost of living adjustment in pension payments in 25 years.
“You have nice little posters up here saying how much the company is making,” Spoor said, referring to McAdam's presentation to the shareholders. “If we're such a great company, how come you can't help the people who helped to build that company by giving them a cost of living allowance?”
Verizon, Spoor lamented, “is too profitable” for this to happen. She told McAdam, who himself made $18 million last year alone mostly from company stock value, that it was “inexcusable” for him to not share his profits “with the people who made this company.”
“I appreciate your perspective,” McAdam said.
During the meeting, shareholders widely rejected six union-backed reform measures, according to announced preliminary vote results. The measures included requiring Verizon to publicly disclose its political spending and lobbying activity, establishing an independent member on the corporation's board of directors and requiring shareholders to approve severance payments—also known as “Golden Parachutes”—to executive level employees.
Image copyright AP Image caption Some reports say that relations between the two sides are at their lowest point
The Australian press has attacked India captain Virat Kohli for accusing his Australian counterpart of getting help from his dressing room with the decision review system.
India won the match by 75 runs on the fourth day on Tuesday.
Smith, 27, was caught looking up to his side's dressing room as he considered reviewing an lbw decision during the defeat in the second Test in Bangalore.
But the media have come down hard on Kohli for his "accusations".
A headline in The Sydney Morning Herald says, "Kohli all but accuses Australia of cheating after epic Indian Test win".
Andrew Wu writes in the paper that the result of the match was "overshadowed by Kohli's post-match bombshell where he accused Australia of consulting their dressing room over DRS while batting and in the field".
He added that "relations between the two sides are now at its lowest point since the Monkeygate scandal of 2007-08".
"Monkeygate" refers to a 2008 incident when Indian cricketer Harbhajan Singh was accused of a racial slur aimed at Andrew Symonds.
He was later exonerated.
Writing in The Age, Greg Baum says the DRS has been a "nightmare" for everyone.
"Now it [DRS] has become Frankenstein, a man-made mechanical monster. If more sensible protocols cannot be developed, it should be scrapped altogether," he says.
Baum adds that India and Australia now have a week "to calm down".
"The humour of the series has deteriorated as the drama has escalated, and for once the Indians have been more culpable than the Australians. Kohli needs to get a grip, quickly. Meantime, Smith and the Australians must ignore him," he adds.
Malcolm Knox, in another article in the Age, writes: "There were two games going on in Bangalore, but only one of them was cricket.
"Kohli discovered a newfound respect for politeness when declining to use the C-word [cheating]. But he said as much when alleging that Australia used changing room support twice while he was batting: which is some accusation, given the brevity of Kohli's innings."
Other papers also criticised Kohli.
A headline in the Herald Sun described the Indian captain as "cricket's ultimate bully" while The Australian says "Cricket war of words flares again".
The report in The Australian said: "Cricket Australia chief launches an extraordinary attack on Indian skipper Virat Kohli, as strained relations explode again."
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD
aka Below Utopia
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD ~ Soundtrack CD
Available at Amazon: DVD
The fires are raging in the wine country of Northern California, including Napa, Sonoma and Mendocino counties, and have already charred 222,000 acres and destroyed 5,700 homes and structures, according to estimates. The disaster also has killed at least 35 people, and hundreds are reported missing.
RMS, the risk modeling firm, Thursday put economic losses of the Northern California fires at a range of between $3 billion to $6 billion but it could rise since the fires still are burning.
The fires also are impacting California's Yuba, Lake, Solano and Nevada counties in the north as well as Orange County in the south. In all, California Gov. Jerry Brown has declared a state of emergency in 10 counties where the fires have been burning.
"The current fires ravaging northern and southern California are on pace to be among the worst in history," said S&P. "The loss of lives, infrastructure and potential environmental damage will take years to recover from."
The fires are in areas where agriculture is a major part of the local economy, from fruit and nut crops to livestock and poultry. Other than wine grape production, there is acreage devoted to pears, almonds, olives and walnuts, among other crops.
"Municipalities centered on agriculture could have a longer path to recovery," S&P said. It said at least 11 wineries have been directly affected by the fires.
The fires have destroyed vineyards and there's been concern that smoke from the fires could cause damage to the grapes that have yet to be picked.
Issue 39 of the Ironwatch magazine is now available for your reading pleasure!
Please select any of the below links to view the Ironwatch Issue 39 pdf.
Issue 39 Dropbox Link
Issue 39 Scribd Link
Issue 39 Google Docs Link
(Please note that due to Google's image compression, the colors may look off on Google Docs)
Please submit any comments, criticisms, ideas, or inquiries about how you too can help contribute either here in the comments below, or at the following link to the Mantic Forums “Ironwatch Issue 39 Feedback” discussion:
Ironwatch Issue 39 Feedback Discussion
Order a hard copy of Issue 39
Table of Contents:
Iron Forge 5
See the amazing array of top tier paintjobs from our team of professional-quality painters.
The Mantic Calendar 12
Learn what Mantic related events and tournaments are upcoming in your area.
Advertisements 61
Our section where you can advertise your local Mantic game group or store for free!
Kings of War, Dungeon Saga, and Dwarf King's Hold:
Redstone Rumble 2015, by David Reid 15
David recaps the events of the epic clash of Kings of War generals in Huntsville, Alabama, USA at the largest Clash of Kings in the US yet!
Reclamation Song, Part 1, by Michael Grey 19
The songs of the dwarves echo throughout their reclaimed valley as they guard their restored mountain homes and prepare for the coming war.
Advanced Terrain & Buildings Rules, by Frederic Ramirez 32
Frederic offers some fun rules to add detail to your Kings of War games.
Creating Undead Diorama Units, by George Adsett-Knutsen 41
Learn how to make an awesome graveyard-themed Zombie horde .
Building the Prospector's Hut, by Peter—”Tek Thornisson” 45
This time the dwarves have a humble cottage you can learn to build with step-by-step pictures in this guide.
Warpath, Project Pandora, Dreadball, and Deadzone:
Enforcers, Part 1: Gut Feelings, by Douglas Thoin 76
“Thumper” and her Enforcer squad prepare to drop into the midst of a hostile Deadzone
Advertisements
Gearing up for Assert(js) — an interview with JavaScript testing experts
Paul Dowman Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 15, 2017
We're getting ready for Assert(js), the first ever conference focused on testing for JavaScript developers, and we've got an amazing list of speakers lined up. They have already sparked a few conversations on Twitter, so we decided to get a panel together on the HashBang Show to give a preview of what the conference has in store!
The panel included:
We covered a lot of testing-related topics, both general and JS-specific. Tune in to the episode below, and scroll down for discussion highlights and more details on the conference!
Here are a few highlights:
The origin of mocks / test doubles
Justin had an interesting bit of history on the origin of mocks/spies/proxies/fakes/test doubles:
They were first introduced in the late 1990s by members of the London Extreme Programming Group.
People like Steve Freeman & Annette Price introduced them as a mechanism for exploring legacy code.
“Imagine a big legacy code base as the Death Star, and you would pass in a mock object as a tripwire and whenever it was interacted with in any way it would explode.”
This was a way of informing them how the argument was being interacted with by the “unknown, confusing subject under test”.
London XP group people continued using test doubles as a way of getting design feedback when using TDD to design a new system
… and this is where a great discussion ensues about how they're often misused.
Justin recommends reading Growing Object-Oriented Software Guided by Tests by Steve Freeman and Nat Pryce
The “test pyramid”
The test pyramid is the concept that the automated tests should mostly be made up of unit tests, which form the base of the pyramid, then less integration tests, which form the middle, and only a small number of end-to-end tests which drive the UI.
Kent: Write tests. Not too many. Mostly integration.
Gleb: The shape of the pyramid is not really determined by our needs, but it's determined by the tools we have now.
“Confidence increases as you go up the pyramid”, but convenience decreases.
But Justin has an alternate view: he finds that, counter to what most people expect, pure unit tests which mock everything in isolation actually do provide high confidence. His reason why is that, as explained in this article, unit testing is “encoding thoughtfulness”, and this results in a more high-quality system being built.
Tools and workflows that maximize intense thoughtfulness tend to embed and encode our desires of what the system should do effectively… and this is why I tend to encourage people to not overinvest in automation tools, especially record/playback tools because if anything they select for thoughtlessness.
Brian on end-to-end tests:
The failure of end-to-end testing is: when there is a prerequisite [for the state you want to test], you then use the UI to generate the state for another prerequisite, and that's basically where it all goes wrong… If you're testing the shopping cart functionality, do you use the UI to visit the admin area to generate 100 products to then add those products to the shopping cart? Absolutely not. What we recommend is this: you have a few unmocked, unstubbed integration tests that test the really critical areas of the application. And once you've done that, once you've established that that works, you have 100% confidence, you never use that part of the UI ever again. That is basically the philosophy of Cypress and that's what makes it a very different tool because architecturally it enables you to do stuff like that.
What's different about testing in JavaScript
Testing asynchronous code:
The tools we have now in recent years have improved testing async a lot, e.g. promises and async/await.
A lot of the reason for async code is I/O, which should live at the periphery of the application, but the “meat and bones” should be business logic, and to segregate the two is really beneficial.
What to look forward to
The panelists are looking forward to meeting and talking with attendees about their testing approaches and challenges. We encourage everyone to take the opportunity to talk to all speakers in what will be a small and social environment. So come to San Antonio and hear more about the topics covered this episode over drinks and food!
Reminder if you missed the special promo code announcement by Robert:
Use the promo code HASHBANG on check-out & get 20% OFF the regular ticket price!
For tickets and conference info, visit https://www.assertjs.com/
We hope to see you there!
Although it's a seemingly arbitrary limitation, the 100 friend cap for the Wii U's Miiverse gaming network is way more than I will ever need, so I really couldn't care less. I fact, if I were to ever accumulate 100 friends (and my past friends lists would point to this not happening), I would take it as a sign that I need to cut down. I can see why someone would be annoyed about it though. It's pretty random.
I actually love Monita. At first I found her (I'm assuming it's a her because the name sounds feminine) irritating, but she has really grown on me as I kept playing Nintendo Land. I think it's her monotone celebrations that really sold me on her. She says, “You can see message from all over the world. Yay,” and It's like she's trying so hard to show emotion but just can't. Her only outlet is to dress as Dark Monita and wreak havoc, albeit in the controlled and enjoyable way her programing allows for, on the park visitors.
Watch President-elect Donald Trump's "thank you" rally in Des Moines, Iowa, on Dec. 8, in two minutes. (Victoria Walker/The Washington Posto)
The online fundraising machine that Donald Trump's campaign built with the Republican National Committee kept churning after his election victory, bringing in millions in the three weeks after he won, new Federal Election Commission filings show.
Donors gave at least $3.5 million after Nov. 8 to the national party and two joint fundraising committees with the Trump campaign. That does not include many low-dollar contributions, which are not required to be reported by date, or contributions made directly to Trump's campaign committee, which were not individually available late Thursday night.
The cash flow suggests that the donor file the Trump campaign built with the RNC will continue to pay dividends. That list swelled to 10 million email addresses by the end of the campaign, including those of more than 2.5 million donors, according to party officials.
The post-election donations came as a Trump fundraising committee peppered supporters with email solicitations offering Trump-branded merchandise and Christmas ornaments, helping the president-elect outraise his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for the first and only time this cycle.
From Oct. 20 to Nov. 28, Trump's campaign and two joint fundraising committees with the RNC brought in a total of $111 million, edging out the nearly $106 million Clinton's campaign raised with its two joint fundraising committees.
The Republican's total was boosted by the $10 million he gave his campaign in late October. In all, the billionaire real estate developer put $66.13 million of his personal funds into his bid — a substantial sum, but far short of the $100 million he repeatedly said he would end up contributing.
[Do Trump's Cabinet picks want to run the government — or dismantle it?]
Over the course of the campaign, Clinton substantially outraised Trump, bringing in more than the $1 billion she aimed to collect in conjunction with the national party. More than 3.1 million individual donors supported her bid. Trump's campaign collected $853 million with the RNC, filings show.
In the final stretch of the race, the Republican nominee's spending picked up — but he still spent far less than his rival.
Trump raced through $94 million between late October and late November. The biggest share, $39 million, went to the firm American Media & Advocacy Group to place television ads. Another $29 million for digital consulting and online ads was paid to Giles-Parscale, the company of the campaign's digital director Brad Parscale. The polling firm of campaign manager Kellyanne Conway received $427,000.
The campaign also spent $2.9 million reimbursing Trump properties for expenses in the final filing period. Trump's air charter Tag Air was paid more than $2 million, Trump Tower received $462,000 and Trump International in Las Vegas was reimbursed $177,000.
In all, his campaign spent about $12.5 million reimbursing Trump companies and family members for expenses over the course of the campaign.
Trump's campaign ended last month with $7.6 million in the bank. It also had $767,000 in outstanding bills — all owed to pollster Tony Fabrizio's firm. The campaign is continuing to contest the amount Fabrizio says he is owed, the latest filing shows.
Clinton's campaign raced through $130.8 million in the final stretch. She had just $839,000 on hand at the end of November and no debt.
Nvidia has cleared out the high-end graphics card competition with its new 10-series of cards. At each price point above $200, AMD struggles to compete with the price, performance, or efficiency of Nvidia's more modern Pascal architecture. Now Pascal is coming to the budget category with the new GeForce GTX 1050 and 1050 Ti cards. They have a starting price of $109 and $139, respectively. That $30 difference is important: the Ti version has 4GB of DDR5, while the 1050 has half that. The 1050 Ti also has 768 CUDA cores, while the 1050 has 640.
For comparison, Nvidia's 1060 cards come in 6GB and 3GB flavors, with a faster memory speed, faster clock speed, and many more CUDA cores. It's also important to note that the 1050 is the first Pascal card not labelled "VR ready," although it's likely it will match the new minimum spec Oculus just published.
Meanwhile, it's rumored AMD will cut the price of its Radeon RX 470 card to $169 to compete. We'll have to wait for relative benchmarks to see what's the better deal, but it's great to see a fight break out in this price range.
The 1050 Ti will be available on October 25th, while the 1050 will be out "on or before" November 8th, and all the usual suspects (ASUS, EVGA, Gigabyte, MSI, Zotac, etc.) will be making custom versions.
Photo by RIA Novosti. Georgiy Kurolesin
Staunton, June 24 -While average life expectancies among Russians have rebounded in recent years, largely because of improved infant and child morality figures, death rates among working-age Russians have risen and now are 50 percent greater than they were a half century ago, according to Moscow report today.
In an article in Nezavisimaya Gazeta, Ada Gorbacheva, a commentator for that paper, says that Rosstat says that in 1960, 250,674 residents of the RSFSR did not live long enough to receive their pensions. In 1987, deaths among working age adults had risen to 363,205; in 1997, it rose to 705,542.
In 2005, this measure reached its highest level – with 739,905 working-age adults dying before reaching pension age. In 2012, that number had fallen to 496,312, an improvement but a figure that was still one and a half times larger than the figure for more than a half century earlier.
Under Gorbachev, the commentator says, working-age mortality fell both because of the impact of his anti-alcohol campaign and because these were years of hope. But by 1994, when popular disappointment had increased so too did working-age mortality.
In 2013, she continues, “more than 450,000” Russian adults died before reaching pension age, “almost 50,000” being people in their 20s, 94,000 in their 30s, and 124,000 in their 40s. And this despite the absence of wars or epidemics. Moreover, Gorbacheva notes, the death rate for working age adults in Belarus is 22 percent less than in the Russian Federation.
Among the causes, she says, are circulatory diseases, cancer, alcoholism, accidents, suicides and murders. With regard to the first of these, the number of deaths among men exceeds the number of deaths among women by a factor of five, largely because of smoking, alcohol consumption and inadequate diet.
Unfortunately, Russian women are beginning to suffer from alcoholism in ever greater numbers. According to Rosstat, five million people misuse alcohol on a weekly basis, and more frequently three million more do so. As a result, 7,000 working-age men and 4,000 working-age women die from cirrhosis of the liver each year.
A Levada Center survey found that 20 percent of working-age Russians smoke a pack of cigarettes or more each day. Not surprisingly, 80 percent of those who die from lung cancer had been smokers, including 48,000 working-age men and 23,000 working-age women in 2013 alone.
The Russian government has restricted tobacco and alcohol sales, but that alone won't be enough to change the situation, Gorbacheva says. According to government statistics, “39 percent of Russians are not concerned about their health” and thus are unlikely to change their behavior in ways that will lead to higher survival rates among the working-age population.
China Unveils Major Reform To Boost Renewable Energy Trading
November 24th, 2017 by Smiti
China has launched a major reform in its power sector which will enable renewable energy generators not linked to the main power grid to sell electricity easily.
The National Energy Administration (NEA) recently announced that small and medium-sized renewable energy generators will now be allowed to sell electricity to willing buyers directly. The sale of electricity from distributed projects will be taken place only in the regions where power demand is high and ample transmission capacity exists.
Renewable energy projects participating in the pilot trading scheme will be eligible for subsidies, but wind and solar energy projects will receive reduced subsidies as they will get market rates for the electricity sold. Power will be sold from these at existing power trading platforms.
The pilot program will help development in the small and medium-scale renewable energy market which, in turn, will boost investment from small companies that are unable to compete with large renewable energy project developers.
The program may also benefit the power consumers, as it would open up the market to competition among power generators. Power consumers may have wider options to procure electricity which will include healthy competition among suppliers, possibly further reducing the cost of clean energy.
Local generation and consumption would also help the reduction of load on cross-country transmission lines that are responsible to feed to the demand centers of south-east Asia with power generation from wind and solar power projects in the north and northwest.
China has already announced plans to reduce power generation loss due to non-availability of transmission network to large-scale renewable energy projects in the northern and northwestern provinces.
Quezon City Mayor Herbert Bautista challenges Congress to create an autonomous National Capital Region 'now' if the bid for federalism encounters obstacles
Published 12:15 PM, August 17, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Quezon City Mayor Herbert Bautista on Thursday, August 17, called for the creation of a unified “Metro Manila state," as he pushed for autonomy and independence for the National Capital Region.
“Ang Metro Manila ay dapat maging independent state na rin. Ang Metro Manila ay [dapat] magkaroon na rin ng autonomous region (Metro Manila should be an independent state too. Metro Manila should be an autonomous region),” Bautista said during the opening of the new Cubao Police Station inside Camp Panopio, Quezon City.
Bautista reasoned that uniting the region would streamline managing its public institutions. Among those specified by Bautista were airports, health centers, and state-run universities and colleges.
"Kung 'di kayang aprubahan ang federalism, chinachallenge natin ang Kongreso, both ang House at Senate, na gawin na nating estado, ngayon pa lang, ang kabuuan ng Kalakhang Maynila (If federalism will not be approved, we are challenging Congress, both the House and the Senate, to make all of Metro Manila into a state now),” Bautista said.
He said the independence he was proposing would be similar to that of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM), and the Cordillera Administrative Region (CAR).
While the call was a move for independence, the Quezon City mayor said he remained “supportive” of the national government, specifically, President Rodrigo Duterte, a staunch advocate of federalism.
Bautista said his proposal for autonomy was justified because Metro Manila contributes to a third of the national budget or at least a trillion pesos.
This is not the first attempt to unite the nation's most developed region.
The NCR was created by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 824, which recognized the region as a legal entity responding to the region's rapid economic and population growth.
To provide unity without usurping the autonomy of the local government units (LGUs), the Metro Manila Council (MMC), the precursor of the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA), was created.
Still, it was and remains to be a special development and administrative region subject to direct supervision of the President.
However, the MMDA could not completely enforce its orders as some city councils see these as an invasion of their legislative powers.
Two bills seeking to strengthen the MMDA have been filed at the House of Representatives. – Rappler.com
Syrianews managed to confirm the news we received a couple of days ago that a Syrian Navy boat destroyed an Israeli submarine off the Syrian coast at 150 meters depth on 02 May 2013 around 2 – 2:30 am. We were not told the type or size of the submarine but we were confirmed it was destroyed.
In the details we managed to get: the enemy object was detected and orders were given to one of the nearby boats to destroy it which they did with a torpedo (not told which type), then it was monitored sinking until landing on the seabed off the coast. A heavy movement of Syrian Army helicopters was observed over the site where the submarine was destroyed.
It's not the first time Syrian Navy engage with enemy and hostile objects. At the very beginning of the Syrian crisis, the Syrian Navy spotted a German navy ship on a reconnaissance mission and harassed it away, a German minister then complained of the Syrian Navy acts claiming the ship was not spying, just listening and collecting information!
A high number of Israeli spying balloons are seen over the Syrian coast and the Zionists started booby trapping the balloons so they'll explode when reaching the ground if they're shot down by the Syrian Army.
Worth noting that Israel with US blessing carried out a raid against a chicken hen and a weapons depot near Damascus on 5th of May 2013, 3 days after this submarine was destroyed. The raid was in coordination with ground terrorists from Nusra Front attacking 19 different SAA checkpoints around the Syrian capital very early in the morning.
Advertisements
At Johns Hopkins University this week, capitalism was trumped by political correctness.
The Student Government Association there approved a resolution that called on administrators to put to a halt any discussions or plans to bring a Chick-fil-A to campus, citing the company's support of traditional marriage and saying the restaurant, if allowed at Johns Hopkins, would be a campus “microaggression.”
The vote was spurred by the recent start of construction on a large, mixed-use development at Johns Hopkins, where a majority of student government members do not want Chick-fil-A brought in as a tenant despite many requests from students.
“The SGA does not support the proposal of a Chick-fil-A, in a current or future sense, particularly on any location that is central to student life,” states the resolution passed by the student government, which noted “visiting prospective and current students, staff, faculty, and other visitors who are members of the LGBTQ+ community or are allies would be subjected to the microaggression of supporting current or future Chick-fil-A development plans.”
Although student government leaders have disputed that their decision amounts to a “ban” on the business coming to campus, one Johns Hopkins student who has followed this situation closely told The College Fix their decision is the “nail in the coffin.”
That student, junior Andrew Guernsey, president of Johns Hopkins University Voice for Life, wrote about the recent decision on National Review, stating: “The JHU student government's vote this week to ban any hypothetical future Chick-fil-A outlet from campus because of the company owner's support for traditional marriage … sends a clear message that students who disagree with liberal orthodoxy are not welcome on the Hopkins campus.”
According to a statement released Wednesday by the student government, the resolution's aim is “to encourage the administration to seek alternative chicken vendors before Chick-Fil-A in the best interest of a cohesive campus environment in which all students feel accepted.”
“The resolution, which passed 18-8 last night, does not in any way ban Chick-Fil-A from our campus but rather expresses the SGA's opinion on future developments.”
Both campus officials and student government representatives did not respond to several requests by The College Fix seeking comment.
Chick-fil-A did do business with Johns Hopkins as recently as 2012, selling items at the university's Homewood Field. Its association with the private university was also under scrutiny by some students at that time as well.
The anti-Chick-fil-A campus trend can largely be attributed to a 2012 statement by CEO Dan Cathy, a practicing Christian, who personally disapproved of same-sex marriage.
In a series of public comments, Cathy pronounced that the company was “guilty as charged” in its alleged support of traditional marriage, and went on to say: “We are very much supportive of the family – the biblical definition of the family unit. We are a family-owned business, a family-led business, and we are married to our first wives. We give God thanks for that.”
However, Chick-fil-A released a statement soon after, clarifying their stance on marriage, saying:
“The Chick-fil-A culture and service tradition in our restaurants is to treat every person with honor, dignity and respect – regardless of their belief, race, creed, sexual orientation or gender… Going forward, our intent is to leave the policy debate over same-sex marriage to the government and political arena.”
Nevertheless, as a result, many college campuses sought to boot Chick-fil-A from campus, such as Indiana University and Elon University.
As for this recent decision at Johns Hopkins University, its News-Letter specifies that the company's continued investment in “homophobic initiatives” was concerning to members of the Student Government Association and the university population at large.
The decision to ban Chick-fil-A from campus follows the recent attempted censorship of the university's pro-life student group this semester, prompting students like Guernsey to raise concern over the potential intolerance of conservative ideas on campus in favor of creating a “safe place” for the student body.
In remarks delivered to the Student Government Association before its vote, Guernsey said: “In banning Chick-fil-A from campus for its CEO's views, the JHU student government would also set a dangerous precedent that could be used to give the boot to socially conservative religious groups on campus… The entire notion of keeping the university a ‘safe space,' free from one side of a debate on hot-button issues like same-sex marriage and abortion, is absolutely antithetical to Johns Hopkins' stated commitment to the free and robust exchange of ideas.”
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
[digg-reddit-me]I'm impressed with Jake Tapper's handling of This Week in the interim before Christiane Amanpour takes over in August. Tapper seems committed to widening the opinions voiced on the show from the typical “Beltway” crowd to some of those voices most influential in the Beltway who are critical of it. Which means bringing on Glenn Greenwald and Bill Maher. I'm still waiting on his bringing in some conservatives similarly positioned as “outsiders” while being very influential in the Beltway. Maher and Greenwald substantially influence our political conversation while never before being given the opportunity to intrude on the polite Sunday morning territory and confront the people they so regularly criticize. In the same spirit, Tapper has added a fact check component to his show — in which Politifact evaluates the truthfulness of factual claims made in his interviews. This is a huge improvement given the churning of misinformation that seems to be the main purpose some leaders use it for.
The quality of Tapper's program was brought to mind watching this clip of Mike Murphy, a Republican political operative and frequent guest on Meet the Press. (For what it's worth, Mike Murphy seems a genuinely likable guy and often, even a straight-shooter — and I don't mean this as an attack on him personally.) If David Gregory allowed a fact checker to go over the claims of his guests, then perhaps the above-moment with the very inside-the-Beltway figure of Mike Murphy would not have happened. Because you see that moment was entirely fact-free. Entirely. Yet, Mike Murphy's statement represents an oft-repeated “fact” in the opinion media — especially on the right. And it is driving the actual policy of the state of Arizona.
Let's look at Mike Murphy's claims and the facts:
It's a lawless frontier because of the failure of the Obama administration to protect the American border. People are getting killed and murdered. It has become really bad in Arizona.
Describing illegal immigration in partisan terms as a “failure of the Obama administration” seems best explained as a fudge rather than a blatant lie. It's been an ongoing problem that as a nation we do not control our borders and maintain a law which cannot be enforced. Gregory interjects as Murphy is speaking, “This goes back before Obama, though, to be fair.” However, by stating such, Gregory seems to be conceding Murphy's general point.
But look at the stats on this “People are getting killed and murdered” bit — which “has become really bad in Arizona,” according to Murphy, as he voices the “Conventional Wisdom” accepted by David Gregory as well. Yet there have been exactly four (4) murders along this supposedly lawless frontier in the past year. One of them generated thousands of headlines about the scourge of illegal immigration, the death of the rancher Robert Krentz. These anti-immigrant activists who talk casually of “People getting killed and murdered” (as if to double the impact of each homicide) — of the overall situation being “really bad” — even of, specifically, many ranchers being killed — always seem to point to this single example — Robert Krentz. I've seen no news story or other evidence linking more than this one death to border crossing. I've asked a number of people who have said this to point to some statistic — and instead I get the story of Robert Krentz, being exploited for politics. Remember: Arizona's border is supposed to be the worst example of a lawless border and yet there is this single example which is always pointed to in order to justify the claim of plural murders — and even huge amounts of violence. I do not doubt there are other deaths along the border — perhaps on the Mexican side — of people trying to make the illegal crossing themselves and dying of thirst or other privation.
Mike Murphy follows this up by doubling down on his above false claim in an attempt to both place the blame for this historic problem on the Obama administration and make the case that Arizona's very violent crime rate along the border is getting worse:
[I]t's gotten, it's gotten worse and worse.
To be fair to Murphy, one could consider that he means that any level of violence is bad — and that it is getting worse. So, let's take this as a separate claim — that Murphy is instead claiming that violence along the border is increasing. CNN reported:
According to FBI statistics, violent crimes reported in Arizona dropped by nearly 1,500 reported incidents between 2005 and 2008. Reported property crimes also fell, from about 287,000 reported incidents to 279,000 in the same period. These decreases are accentuated by the fact that Arizona's population grew by 600,000 between 2005 and 2008.
Let's give Mike Murphy the benefit of the doubt and assume he meant that the overall problem of illegal immigration into Arizona has “gotten worse and worse” under the Obama administration. Homeland Security helpfully provides statistics on this which I have compiled into this chart:
This drop in illegal immigration isn't due to any Bush, Obama, or local level actions. It's due to the recession.
However, another consequence of a recession is a surge in anti-immigrant sentiment.
Which explains why Mike Murphy along with much of the Republican establishment is out there demagoguing illegal immigrants by making false claims about all these murders and violence: Because during times of economic trouble, people look to scapegoat someone for their troubles — and immigrants, especially illegal ones, get some of the blame.
But let's stop with this pretense of “violent illegal immigrants.” That is the stuff of demagogues and prejudice as it simply is not based on facts.
Instead, let us acknowledge forthrightly that the excitement over this issue is being drive by cultural and economic resentment rather than “violence.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Get the biggest business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luxury sports carmaker TVR has written to First Minister Carwyn Jones urging the Welsh Government to support the Circuit of Wales project.
The company, which is in the process of acquiring a factory to make its new cars, told the First Minister that its choice of Ebbw Vale was “strongly influenced” by the possibility that the £425m racetrack would be located nearby.
The letter was written by TVR directors Les Edgar and John Chasey and is dated May 11. A leaked copy was obtained by Plaid Cymru AM Adam Price.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What the letter says
In the letter the TVR directors write: “We understand that the decision to proceed on the Circuit of Wales project is imminent and we would like to offer our thoughts on the initiative.
“The proposed factory site we have selected for TVR in Ebbw Vale was strongly influenced by the potential siting of the Circuit of Wales project immediately adjacent to the industrial estate where we will be based.
“We believe that the circuit would provide significant opportunity for us to attract customers to our site on multiple occasions, both pre- and post-purchase.
“We would be able to offer test drives and driving training on track and feel that customers would also spend one or more nights in the area with such a facility rather than simply a flying visit, providing opportunities for broader hospitality.
“We optimistically look forward to hearing the decision in due course.”
Adam Price, Plaid Cymru's Shadow Cabinet Secretary for Business and the Economy, said: “It is clear from this letter sent to us anonymously of the importance of the Circuit of Wales scheme to TVR.
“If the circuit development is not supported by the Welsh Government, the danger is that the choice of the preferred location in Blaenau Gwent will be revisted. TVR clearly believes it will not obtain the full benefit of its location to Ebbw Vale without the circuit.”
TVR's plans
In March it was reported that TVR is looking to acquire the former Techboard factory, which extends to 184,000 sq ft, on the Rassau Industrial Estate in Ebbw Vale.
The company announced in 2015 that it planned to build its new luxury sports cars in south Wales in a £30m investment backed by the Welsh Government.
TVR said the investment would create 150 direct jobs and many more in the supply chain, with four new models being brought to market over the next decade.
Nigel Copner, Plaid Cymru's prospective parliamentary candidate for Blaenau Gwent, added: “This letter illustrates the knock-on impact on Ebbw Vale and the rest of Blaenau Gwent if the Circuit of Wales does not receive the necessary support from the Welsh Government.
“The First Minister must not fail Blaenau Gwent. This area has suffered too many setbacks and a significant jobs boost is desperately needed. Blaenau Gwent is after all the only area of Wales where job numbers have fallen since the turn of the 21st century.”
The Circuit
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Welsh Government is currently considering whether to provide a loan guarantee of £210m to the Circuit of Wales project, which has been proposed by the Heads of the Valleys Development Company (HoVDC).
Earlier this month it announced it needed a few more weeks to complete its due diligence process following final submissions from HoVDC. A decision is now expected in the middle of June.
Last month the Auditor General for Wales criticised the Welsh Government's handling of the £9.3m, saying there have been significant shortcomings in the way the Welsh Government has managed the associated risks to taxpayers' money.
The financial watchdog expressed serious concerns about the “limited understanding” of the companies involved in the project. The Welsh Government allowed payments to related companies, including almost £1m to Aventa Capital Partners Ltd, without enough evidence that services represented value for money.
The report did not assess the merits of the Welsh Government providing further publicly funded support for the Circuit of Wales or review the viability of the business cases for construction and operation of the race circuit.
Welsh Government comment
A Welsh Government spokesperson said: “We have been working with the Heads of the Valleys Development Company (HoVDC) over many years to find a way to make the Circuit of Wales project work, but TVR has always insisted that its move to Wales is not dependent on this project.
“Now that the HOVDC has submitted its final supporting information the Welsh Government is completing its comprehensive due diligence process on the Circuit of Wales proposal. Due diligence is an important part of consideration in supporting any project and is an opportunity to ensure there is a sustainable and robust business plan in place, a fair sharing of risk between the private and the public sectors and examine the wider economic impact of the proposal.
“Once that work is completed Cabinet will consider the project and we will announce a decision.”
This summer 143 million Americans had their most sensitive information breached, including their name, addresses, social security numbers (SSNs), and date of birth. The breach occurred at Equifax, one of the three major credit reporting agencies that conducts the credit checks relied on by many industries, including landlords, car lenders, phone and cable service providers, and banks that offer credits cards, checking accounts and mortgages. Misuse of this information can be financially devastating. Worse still, if a criminal uses stolen information to commit fraud, it can lead to the arrest and even prosecution of an innocent data breach victim.
Given the scope and seriousness of the risk that the Equifax breach poses to innocent people, and the anxiety that these breaches cause, you might assume that legal remedies would be readily available to compensate those affected. You'd be wrong.
While there are already several lawsuits filed against Equifax, the pathway for those cases to provide real help to victims is far from clear. That's because even as the number and severity of data breaches increases, the law remains too narrowly focused on people who have suffered financial losses directly traceable to a breach.
The law consistently fails to recognize other sorts of harms to victims. In some cases this arises in the context of threshold “standing” to sue, a legal requirement that requires proof of harm (lawyers call it “injury in fact”) to even get into the door in federal courts. In other cases the problem arises within the claim itself, where “harm” is a legal element that must be proven for a plaintiff to win the case. Regardless of how the issue of “harm” comes up, judges are too often failing to ensure that data breach victims have legal remedies.
The consequences of this failure are two-fold. First, there's the direct problem that the courthouse door is closed to hundreds of millions of people who face real risk and the accompanying reasonable fears about the misuse of their information. Second, but perhaps even more important, the lack of legal accountability means that the companies that hold our sensitive data continue to have insufficient incentives to take the steps necessary to protect us against the next breach.
Effective computer security is hard, and no system will be free of bugs and errors.
But in the Equifax hack, as in so many others, the breach resulted from a known security vulnerability. A patch to fix the vulnerability had been available for two months, but Equifax failed to implement it even though the vulnerability was being actively exploited. This wasn't the first time that Equifax has failed to take computer security seriously.
Even if increasing liability only accomplished an increased incentive to patch known security problems, that alone would protect millions of people.
The High Bar to Harm
While there are exceptions, too often courts dismiss data breach lawsuits based on a cramped view of what constitutes “harm.” These courts mistakenly require actual or imminent loss of money due to the misuse of information that is directly traceable to a single security breach.
Yet outside of data breach cases, courts routinely handle cases where damages aren't just a current loss of money or property. The law has long recognized harms such as the infliction of emotional distress, assault, damage to reputation and future business dealings. Victims of medical malpractice and toxic exposures can receive current compensation for potential for future pain and suffering. As two law professors, EFF Advisory Board member Daniel J. Solove and Danielle Keats Citron, noted in comparing data breach cases to the recent claims of emotional distress brought by Terry Bollea (Hulk Hogan) against Gawker: “Why does the embarrassment over a sex video amount to $115 million worth of harm but the anxiety over the loss of personal data (such as a Social Security number and financial information) amount to no harm?” “Why does the embarrassment over a sex video amount to $115 million worth of harm but the anxiety over the loss of personal data (such as a Social Security number and financial information) amount to no harm?”
For harms that can be difficult to quantify, some specific laws (e.g. copyright, wiretapping) provide for “statutory damages,” which sets an amount per infraction.
The recent decision dismissing the cases arising from the 2014-2015 Office of Personnel Management (OPM) hack is a good example of these “data breach blinders.” The court required that the plaintiffs—mostly government employees—demonstrate that they faced a certain, impending, and substantial risk that the stolen information would be misused against them, and that they be able to trace any harm they alleged to the actual breach. The fact that the data sufficient to impersonate was stolen, and stolen due to negligence of OPM, was not sufficient. The court then disappointingly found that the fact that the Chinese government—as opposed to ordinary criminals—are suspected of having stolen the information counted against the plaintiffs in demonstrating likely misuse.
The ruling is especially troubling because we know that it can take years before the harms of a breach are realized. Criminals often trade our information back and forth before acting on it; indeed there are entire online forums devoted to this exchange. Stolen credentials can be used to set up a separate persona that incurs debts, commits crimes, and more for quite a long time before the victim is aware of it. And it can be difficult if not impossible to trace a problem with credit or criminal activity misuse back to any particular breach.
How are you to prove that the bad data that torpedoed your mortgage application came from the breaches at Equifax as opposed to the OPM, Target, Anthem, or Yahoo breaches, just to name a few?
What the Future Holds
When data is being declared the ‘oil of the digital era' and millions in venture capital funding await those who can exploit it, it's time to reevaluate how to think of data breaches and misuse, and how we restore access to the courts for those impacted by them.
When data is being declared the ‘oil of the digital era,' it's time to reevaluate how to think of data breaches and misuse.
Simply shrugging shoulders, as the OPM judge did, is not sufficient. Courts need to start applying what they already know in awarding emotional distress damages, reputational damages, and prospective business advantage damages to data breach cases, along with the recognition of current harm due to future risks, as in medical malpractice and pollution cases. If the fear caused by an assault can be actionable, so should the fear caused by the loss of enough personal data for a criminal to take out a mortgage in your name. These lessons can and should be brought to bear to help data breach victims get into the courthouse door and all the way to the end of the case.
If the political will is there, legislatures, both federal and state, can step up and create incentives for greater security and a much steeper downside for companies that fail to take the necessary steps to protect our data.
The standing problem requires innovation in crafting claims, but even the Supreme Court in the recent Spokeo decision recognized that intangible harms can still be harms under the Constitution and Congress can make that intention even more clear with proper legislative language. Alternately, as in copyright or wiretapping cases where the damages are hard to quantify, Congress can use techniques like statutory damages to ensure that those harmed receive compensation. Making such remedies clearly available in data misuse and breach cases is worthy of careful consideration. So far, the federal bills being floated in response to the Equifax breach and earlier breaches do not remove these obstacles to victims bringing legal claims and ensure a private right of action.
Similarly, outside of the shadow of federal standing requirements, state legislatures can consider models of specific state law protections like California's Lemon Law, formally known as the Song-Beverly Consumer Warranty Act. The Lemon Law provides specific extra remedies for those purchasing a new car that needs significant repairs. States should be able to recognize that data breach situations are special and may similarly require special remedies. Things to consider are giving victims easier (and free) ways to clean up their credit rather than just the standard insufficient credit monitoring schemes.
By looking at various options, Congress and state legislatures could spur a race to the top on computer security and create real consequences for those who choose to linger on the bottom.
Of course, shoring up our legal remedies isn't the only avenue for incentivizing companies to protect our data better. Government agencies like the Federal Trade Commission and state attorneys general have a role to play, as does public pressure and media attention.
One thing is for sure: as long as the consequences for neglecting to protect user data are weak, data breaches like the Equifax breach will continue to occur. Worse, it will become increasingly difficult for victims to demonstrate which breach caused their credit rate to drop, their job prospects to dim, or their hopes for a mortgage to be dashed. It's long past time for us to rethink the approach to harm in data breach cases.
Kyle Myers aka "FPS Russia" FPS Russia (via Youtube) Kyle Myers, better known as the wildly popular "FPS Russia" on YouTube— with a penchant for shooting guns and blowing things up in videos — has caught the eye of federal authorities.
Nearly 40 agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, and Explosives (BATFE) along with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, raided his home and his father's farm on Tuesday to look for explosives, according to The Athens Banner-Herald.
He was apparently out of town when the raids took place.
Myers, who uses a fake Russian accent for filming on his YouTube channel, often finishes his videos off with an explosive finale. The substance he claims to use is called Tannerite, a legal explosive that blows up only when shot with a rifle.
Myers "was known to use explosives and I don't know if it was done with malicious intent," BATFE spokesman Richard Coes told the Banner-Herald. "The claim is that he was using explosives and getting paid for it via YouTube."
The BATFE website allows the use of such a substance as long as It's for personal use, but since he makes money from his videos with advertising, that might push him into business territory, which requires a license.
The FPS Russia YouTube channel has nearly four million subscribers and is a source of income for Myers.
From ATF:
Individuals or companies must obtain a Federal explosives manufacturing license if they intend to engage in the business of manufacturing explosives for sale or distribution, or for their own business use.
No arrests were made, and the BATFE spokesman did not know if any explosives had been seized, according to the Banner-Herald.
Here's one of his videos:
The director obliged. “Rian made a little cameo for Mark," Morris said. "We brought him after the main shoot to our ILM and performance capture stage in London. We spent an afternoon with him, staging those moments with Rian. That was quite bizarre.”
Morris continued, “We actually built the gigantic wire frame BB-8 that was a little to the right side so that Mark was the same height as the toad dude. So, we've got this enormous BB-8, like the Christmas bauble, that's made out of wire. I think Mark had a great time. And we leave that as the basis for his performance ideas for the character.”
Creature shop head Neal Scanlan said they made a maquette of Dobbu Scay, who Morris affectionately calls “the toad dude” and combined Hamill's mo-cap performance with puppeteers—Scanlan and Morris really work in tandem to bring the creatures to the galaxy.
Scanlan explained, “Digital made a very big version of BB-8, and so we performed it. Warwick [Davis] and Jimmy Vee played the real scale character with the real sized BB-8, and then the digital guys had a big BB-8 made and Mark played the character to the big BB-8. They motion captured his performance and then scanned in the characters and created it as a full digital character, which is great.”
So next time you watch The Last Jedi and see the little wobbly alien stuffing coins into BB-8, remember that's Hamill in a mo-cap suit. If we're lucky, Lucasfilm will share behind-the-scenes photos.
Did you have any idea Dobbu Scay was Mark Hamill? Tell me in the comments.
Images: Lucasfilm/Disney, DK Publishing
Amy Ratcliffe is an Associate Editor for Nerdist. She likes Star Wars a little. Follow her on Twitter.
Stay on topic with more The Last Jedi stories!
If Kentucky Democrats don't relent, and the Republican Party doesn't help him find a workaround, Paul will eventually have to choose between running for president and running for re-election.
Presumably he would take a gamble on the presidency. But if he got cold feet, and decided to hang around the Senate for another term or two, he might just come to resent future Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for prevailing in his own re-election Tuesday night. By vanquishing his opponent, Alison Lundergan Grimes, McConnell left a young, qualified, and now better-seasoned female Democrat waiting in the wings for another shot at the Senate. Paul will be a formidable incumbent if he chooses to run for re-election. But unlike McConnell, he'll be running in a general election cycle, and likely in an campaign that will be heavily colored by a phalanx of Democratic women stepping up to challenge an old, white, conservative male guard. Paul vs. Grimes could easily become a synecdoche for that national theme.
But Paul's bid for the presidency just became more complicated in its own right. Republicans made huge gains in the Senate, but none of the victors hails from a Paul-esque tradition of skepticism of U.S. foreign entanglements. The most prominent and celebrated members of the Republican freshman class—Colorado's Cory Gardner, Iowa's Joni Ernst, Arkansas' Tom Cotton—are the vanguard of the GOP's resurgent interventionism. The Republican party won a new, substantial congressional majority on Tuesday, but one that made Rand Paul more of an outlier than he already was.
The GOP's gubernatorial election dominance also strengthened two prominent, non-Washington Republicans—Wisconsin's Scott Walker and New Jersey's Chris Christie—who will have major advantages over the party's presidential aspirants in Congress. As the Republican Party has endured a national slide, its establishment has become more infatuated with the idea of nominating northern Republican governors to run for the presidency. These governors, the logic goes, have the management credentials required to run the country, and a track record of appealing to non-southern constituencies, which will serve them well in the general election. But being a successful northern Republican governor usually means doing business with a liberal or centrist legislature, and, thus, deep-seated liabilities with the GOP primary electorate. Mitt Romney can tell you about it. If you don't believe him, ask Tim Pawlenty.
Walker has squared this circle. He's governed as a conservative, done battle with liberal state legislators, taken on Democratic sacred cows, and then won a second term. He and the other Republican governors who were re-elected or swept into power on Tuesday owe their victories at least in part to Christie, who chairs the Republican Governors Association. Christie will need their help if he throws his hat into the ring. And among the current class of GOP presidential hopefuls, he is Paul's chief antagonist.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Thursday unveiled his long anticipated vision for developing northern Australia, releasing a white paper that sets out plans to make the north an "economic powerhouse" over the next 20 years.
As part of the plan the federal government has been keen to open up land for farming in northern Australia as part of plans to help feed China's more than 1.3 billion citizens.
However Trade Minister Andrew Robb has played down the concept of the "food bowl" given Australia's current output can supply around 60 million people outside Australia, though he insists northern Australia can be a key supplier to China.
The $1.2 billion plan includes new roads, dam site studies and changes to land use laws and includes a $600 million roads package, airstrip upgrades, funds to explore the best freight options.
The package complements a $100 million beef roads fund and a $5 billion concessional loan facility announced in the budget.
A $200 million water infrastructure fund will also be set up and river systems will be examined to see if they can support dams and storage options.
"We will drive down the costs of operating in the north for business; making it a more attractive place to invest and work," Mr Abbott said.
"By making the right regulations and infrastructure investments we can encourage jobs and tackle the costs of living far from major cities," he added.
Advertisement
But the food bowl push could ignite sensititives among the Australian public over levels of Chinese investment in Australia with a recent Lowy Institute of International Affairs poll of 1200 people showing 70 per cent believed there was too much investment in housing.
However in the same poll China's rating as a military threat dropped from 48 per cent to 39 per cent despite rising tensions between the US and China over South and East China Sea maritime disputes.
Mr Wang said the relaxation of the threshold at which Australia's Foreign Investment Review Board scrutinised Chinese private sector investment would also help its private sector firms.
Under the deal the threshold triggering FIRB scrutiny has been lifted to $1 billion.
Mr Wang also suggested the number of Chinese tourists which now number up to one million a year was also likely to increase and the deal makes it easier to service this sector.
Mr Wang said some of the categories of workers who might benefit from the deal and come from China to Australia some of which would be associated with increased tourist numbers included Chinese chefs, traditional Chinese medicine practitioners.
Hey i am indie developer and i am starting to create this game:
It's a 2D Mutiplayer 1 vs 3 Stealth and "Horror" with pretty lights, 1 Killer and 1-3 Survivors, Killer can turn of the light to chase survivors, and Survivors to escape from the death!!
You can create private rooms to play with your friends or search/create a public room, in some games me and me friends see its hard play with friends you have to connect with facebook share some secret keys and do other hard things and i want to keep this more simple as posible
Currently I work in this from some weeks ago, and is not to many things to do now but all the server architecture is on, i will not give any access to test it cause It's now funny just join play with lights and leave
Please send all suggestions you have about this game and tell me if its a good idea and if you want to play it!
I will be updating this devlog each time i add interesting features!
Sorry for my english
Created in Love2D
See CNN's profile of Bishop Eddie Long. See PDFs of lawsuits filed by Maurice Robinson and Anthony Flagg.
(CNN) -- Two Georgia men have filed a lawsuit claiming that prominent Atlanta, Georgia, pastor Eddie Long coerced them into sex.
The suits, filed Tuesday in DeKalb County, Georgia, allege that Long used his position as a spiritual authority and bishop to coerce young male members and employees of his New Birth Missionary Baptist Church into sex.
A spokesman for Long told CNN on Wednesday that the allegations are "a case of retaliation and a shakedown for money by men with some serious credibility issues."
Long "categorically and adamantly denies these allegations," said spokesman Art Franklin.
"Defendant Long has a pattern and practice of singling out a select group of young male church members and using his authority as Bishop over them to ultimately bring them to a point of engaging in a sexual relationship," the suits allege.
Long is considered one of the nation's top black preachers. His church has more 25,000 members, according to the suit, and was the site of Coretta Scott King's 2006 funeral, attended by then-President George W. Bush and three previous presidents. King was the widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.
The pastor took one plaintiff, Anthony Flagg, 21, on overnight trips to a half-dozen American cities in recent years, Flagg's suit alleges.
"Long shared a bedroom and engaged in intimate sexual contact with plaintiff Flagg including kissing, massaging, masturbating of plaintiff Flagg by defendant Long and oral sexual contact," the suit says.
Long took the other plaintiff, Maurice Murray Robinson, 20, to Auckland, New Zealand, in October 2008 for his 18th birthday and engaged in oral sex with him, Robinson's suit alleges.
"Following the New Zealand Trip, Defendant Long regularly engaged in sexual touching, and other sexual acts with Plaintiff Robinson," Robinson's suit alleges.
"It is very unfortunate that someone has taken this course of action," Franklin, Long's spokesman, said Tuesday. "Our law firm will be able to respond once attorneys have had an opportunity to review the lawsuit."
Long frequently denounces homosexual behavior. A 2007 article in the Southern Poverty Law Center's magazine called him "one of the most virulently homophobic black leaders in the religiously based anti-gay movement."
"Everybody knows that a bishop or church pastor ... cannot have any sort of sexual relations or sexual relationship with one of your parishioners," the lawyer, B.J. Bernstein, said at a news conference Tuesday evening. "And even worse to have it with two young men who trusted him and got to know him at a very young age."
Bernstein said she has alerted federal authorities about the allegations.
In June, Robinson was arrested and charged with burglary in connection with a break-in to Long's office. An iPhone, iPad and other items -- more than $1,300 worth -- were taken from the office, according to the police report.
On Tuesday, Bernstein said the theft was Robinson's attempt to retaliate against the pastor. She said that once Robinson began telling others about his experience with Long, "he realized he wasn't the only one."
"It made [Robinson] angry," she said.
Both plaintiffs said the pastor, his church and church employees gave them cash and lavish gifts that ranged from cars to college tuition.
The suits also said that Long framed the sexual relationships as religious in nature.
The suits allege that Long chose the plaintiffs to be his "Spiritual Sons," a program that allegedly includes other young men from the church.
"Spiritual Sons are taken on public and private jets to U.S. and international destinations, housed in luxury hotels and given access to numerous celebrities including entertainment stars and politicians," the suit alleges.
Flagg moved into a home owned by another New Birth pastor when he was a high school junior, according to the suit, where Long would sometimes share a bed with him. Flagg was eventually put on the church's payroll, his suit alleges, with Long personally delivering his checks.
Flagg's suit says that Long presided over a spiritual "covenant" ceremony between the two of them.
"It was essentially a marriage ceremony, with candles, exchange of jewelry, and biblical quotes," Bernstein said Tuesday. "The bishop [told] him I will always have your back and you will always have mine."
Robinson's suit alleges that "Defendant Long would use Holy Scripture to discuss and justify the intimate relationship between himself and Plaintiff Robinson."
The lawsuits are seeking unspecified amounts of punitive damages from Long on various counts, ranging from negligence to breach of fiduciary duty.
The suits allege that various staff members working for Long, his church and the Longfellows Academy -- which the suit describes as an offshoot ministry of New Birth -- "knew of Defendant Long's sexually inappropriate conduct and did nothing to warn or protect [the plaintiffs]."
CNN's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.
A 78-year-old grandfather who did not want his granddaughter's cats in the house was attacked by the woman who beat him in the face with a cellphone, Volusia County sheriff's investigators said.
A 78-year-old grandfather who did not want his granddaughter's cats in the house was attacked by the woman, who beat him in the face with a cellphone, Volusia County sheriff's investigators said. Deputies who went to the Wildrose Lane home near Daytona Beach at 10:13 a.m. found Kenneth Shreve suffered cuts to his nose and eyebrow. The 78-year-old also had a cut on the top of his right hand and was bleeding from the right elbow and left knee, deputies said. Deputies arrested Kelsie Shreve, 26, on Thursday and charged her with battery on a person 65 years or older. The granddaughter was released from jail on her own recognizance to the court's pretrial service, records show. Kelsie Shreve said Monday by phone that the family has been in turmoil over other issues for some time and that she was only defending herself. The granddaughter filed for an injunction for protection from her grandfather the same day as the incident, records show. Kenneth Shreve told deputies the argument was over cats, reports state. The grandfather did not want his granddaughter's cats in the house so he was closing a kitchen window when his granddaughter grabbed the window pane from him, pushed him to the floor and attacked him, beating him in the face with her cellphone, reports state. Deputies found the window pane in Kelsie Shreve's bedroom, reports said.
We are loving the golden age of Chris Pratt. Guy knows what he's doing.
Here is a variation on the previous look, but sloppy as shit. Not flawless.
What is this hat. Also: what are these pants?
Ah, yes: I wouldn't outright mug you for this color block T-shirt, but if we worked in the same office, I would ask where you got it, buy the same one, and then wear it three days in a row to establish, with no ambiguity, that Workplace Wearing Rights had now been transferred to me.
A look that's appropriate for literally three people: the guy you brought shwaggy pot from in high school; your cousin who lives in Malibu ("But, like, the hills above Malibu, you know?"); and Jared Leto.
And then Jason Bateman in basically the same thing, but without the bells and whistles (and buttons). See, this is how to wear a pink shirt and khaki shorts.
One look, two ways: here's John Mayer in a pink T-shirt (Microsoft sponsored?) and very, very strange button-front shorts. Not to get too much into the mechanics of these, but we have concerns.
Jesse's doing a kind of muted red-white-and-blue thing, which is cool because it makes a plain white t-shirt seem like part of ensemble, but also uncool because, well, it's an ensemble.
Photo: Splash News John Mayer In Beverly Hills One look, two ways: here's John Mayer in a pink T-shirt (Microsoft sponsored?) and very, very strange button-front shorts. Not to get too much into the mechanics of these, but we have concerns.
Photo: Splash News Jason Bateman In New York City And then Jason Bateman in basically the same thing, but without the bells and whistles (and buttons). See, this is how to wear a pink shirt and khaki shorts.
Photo: Mertino/Splash News Jared Leto in Rome A look that's appropriate for literally three people: the guy you brought shwaggy pot from in high school; your cousin who lives in Malibu ("But, like, the hills above Malibu, you know?"); and Jared Leto.
Photo: Chelsea Lauren/Getty Images Daniel Radcliffe in San Diego Ah, yes: I wouldn't outright mug you for this color block T-shirt, but if we worked in the same office, I would ask where you got it, buy the same one, and then wear it three days in a row to establish, with no ambiguity, that Workplace Wearing Rights had now been transferred to me.
Photo: Mark Davis/Getty Images Ian Somerhalder** in San Diego** What is this hat. Also: what are these pants?
Photo: Mark Davis/Getty Images Paul Wesley in San Diego This look? Flawless.
Photo: Andrew Toth/Getty Images Oscar Isaac in New York City Here is a variation on the previous look, but sloppy as shit. Not flawless.
Photo: Jeffrey Duran/Splash News Chris Pratt in New York City We are loving the golden age of Chris Pratt. Guy knows what he's doing.
Kristy Abreu, the reigning Miss Westchester, is suing the New York Police Department, alleging she was roughed up by cops and that another prisoner was allowed to spit on her after she was wrongfully arrested in May. The 19-year-old is seeking $210 million in damages.
Abreu and her mother Kendy Paredes, 38, say NYPD officers stopped Abreu's car on the Upper West Side around 9 p.m. on May 5. When they ran her plates, the car apparently registered as stolen. Although Abreu provided the officers with a valid registration and insurance paperwork, they refused to believe it was glitch.
The pair say they tried to tell the officers that a similar mistake was made the year before, but they would not listen. Instead, the mother-daughter duo was thrown in jail at the 32nd Precinct stationhouse. The women claim they were never read their Miranda Rights and were invasively frisked and their possessions taken. They say they were denied food, water, the restroom, and even the phone.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Another prisoner was allowed to spit on them repeatedly as she harassed them in the cell, Abreu insists. They alleged she called her “pretty girl” and “crying little b****.”
Abreu told the New York Daily News she had been on her way to a fashion show when police stopped her 2006 Honda Civic.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“We were treated like animals. When we got to the precinct, they just started laughing at us,” she said. “I just hope the community becomes aware of the ways police harass people and make them feel bad. It was just a nightmare.”
Sources: Daily Mail, Gothamist
undefined
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
Last month (April 2010), the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) put out a study called “Climate Change Indicators in the United States” (13 Mb PDF). I read through it … depressingly bad science.
To start with, they parrot the findings of the IPCC as their “evidence” that everything we see in the climate record is human-caused. They say:
The buildup of green- house gases in the atmosphere is very likely the cause of most of the recent observed increase in average temperatures, and contributes to other climate changes. (IPCC 2007)
Despite the “very likely” certainty of the IPCC, I see the current level of our knowledge of the Earth's climate a bit differently, as shown in Figure 1:
Figure 1. Graph showing our understanding of the climate. Image is the painting by J. M. W. Turner, “Rain, Steam and Speed – The Great Western Railway”.
Having asserted that all changes are due to humans, they then list a bunch of changes, and consider their case as being established. Here's how they put it:
The indicators in this report present clear evidence that the composition of the atmosphere is being altered as a result of human activities and that the climate is changing. They also illustrate a number of effects on society and ecosystems related to these changes.
Now, that particular statement is very carefully crafted. It is very painstakingly worded so that no one can say that they claimed the changes in climate are caused by the changes in the “composition of the atmosphere” … but heck, if you mistakenly were to assume that, the EPA won't get in your way.
In other words, CO2 is rising and climate is changing … stunning news.
But that's just the start. The individual parts of the report are marked by plain old bad science.
Here's one example among many. This is the record of “heat waves”, which they define as follows:
While there is no universal definition of a heat wave, this indicator defines a heat wave as a four-day period with an average temperature that would only be expected to occur once every 10 years, based on the historical record. This indicator reviews trends in the U.S. Annual Heat Wave Index between 1895 and 2008. This index tracks the frequency of heat waves across the lower 48 states, but not the intensity of these episodes. The index uses daily maximum temperature data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which keeps records from weather stations throughout the nation. Approximately 300 to 400 stations reported data from 1895 to 1910; over the last 100 years, the number of stations has risen to 700 or more. The index value for a given year could mean several different things. For example, an index value of 0.2 in any given year could mean that 20 percent of the recording stations experienced one heat wave; 10 percent of stations experienced two heat waves; or some other combination of stations and episodes resulted in this value.
Sadly, although they say they use NOAA data, they don't say where the data that they used is located. Well, no, actually that's not quite true. They say:
The data for this indicator are based on measurements from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's National Weather Service Cooperative Observer Network. These weather station data are available online at: www.nws.noaa.gov/os/coop/what-is-coop.html.
Unfortunately, when you go to that URL, there's no data. There's just a description of the Cooperative Station Program entitled “What is the Coop Program?” … but I digress …
Regarding heat waves, they say:
The frequency of heat waves in the United States decreased in the 1960s and 1970s, but has risen steadily since then. The percentage of the United States experiencing heat waves has also increased. The most severe heat waves in U.S. history remain those that occurred during the “Dust Bowl” in the 1930s, although average temperatures have increased since then.
Having said that, Figure 2 shows their data for the Heat Wave Index, the linear trend over the entire period, and the change in atmospheric CO2 during the period.
Figure 2. “Heat Wave Index” (yellow line) and CO2 level (red line, right scale). Orange line is the linear trend for the entire period.
You'd think that the only reasonable conclusions from this chart would be that heat waves and CO2 are not related in the slightest, that there is no overall change in the US Heat Wave Index, and that there appears to have been a step change in the data in 1980 … but this being the EPA, you'd be wrong. This is all part of the ‘CO2 is rising and climate is changing' mantra.
And you would also think that they would give us drought information to go with this. For example, I showed the change (or rather the lack of change) in the Palmer Drought Severity Index from 1895 to 2009 in my post “Come Rain or Come Shine“.
But strangely, rather than report that drought is no more common now than a hundred years ago, they say:
During the 20th century, many indices were created to measure drought severity by looking at trends in precipitation, soil moisture, stream flow, vegetation health, and other variables. This indicator is based on the U.S. Drought Monitor, which integrates several of these indices.
Why is the U.S. Drought Monitor a strange choice for their analysis? Well, because that particular drought indicator only contains data that goes all the way back to … 2000. Not even one decade of data. And of course, their conclusion is:
Because data from the U.S. Drought Monitor are only available for the most recent decade, there is no clear long-term trend in this indicator.
Well, duh … the USHCN maintains several long-term drought indicators which cover the period 1895 – present, so the EPA chose to only report on an indicator with a nine-year record, and then explains that the record is too short to show a trend.
I could give you many more examples, but my stomach won't take it. This is the US EPA, however, so I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. My tax dollars at work …
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Jakari White-Skelton, 2, sleeps as his father, Monrell, scans the shelves at Roberts Shoe Store. The iconic Minneapolis retailer is closing after 77 years.
"Hardly a foot we can't fit." That's been the motto of Roberts Shoe Store in south Minneapolis. With 20,000 pairs in stock and sizes ranging from women's 5 narrow to men's 20 extra wide, the shop never had much trouble fulfilling that promise.
But after 77 years in business, the family-run institution is closing its doors and the neighborhood is struggling to accept the news. Nearly every encounter lately ends with "why," as in why is Mark Simon shuttering the shoe store?
Current owner Mark Simon was hired in 1982 by original owner and founder Nate Roberts, his father-in-law. Simon struggled with the idea of closing the store and still worries he's letting both employees and customers down. Nikki Tundel / MPR News
"Some answers are not satisfying to most people," the store owner said on a recent Sunday afternoon as the noise of East Lake Street poured in through the store's open door. "They don't like certain answers."
• Photos: As store closes, shoppers scramble for final bargains
The easiest answer is that Simon is tired. Customers, he said, seem to accept that he needs a break.
Roberts Shoe Store in Minneapolis Nikki Tundel / MPR News
It's harder trying to explain that Roberts Shoe Store can't match the Internet's shoe selection or that Simon, who joined the staff in 1982, wants to get out with his business still in the black.
Simon's late father-in-law, Nate Roberts, founded Roberts Shoes in1937. Back then, customers were primarily Scandinavian immigrants in need of work boots. As the neighborhood changed, so did the inventory. Roberts kept Latino couples in church-appropriate footwear and African-American kids in shiny new school shoes.
Now, it's everything-must-go time.
Roberts Shoes in 1952 Courtesy of Roberts Shoe Store
Customer Joseph Pruitt scanned the super-sale rack, which included mismatched pairs of high-end athletic shoes.
"One might be size 12 and one might be size 7," he said. "If I put 'em on, the more I'm looking at 'em like they fit. Now they're starting to look right. Wait, no, they ain't right. But maybe I can play it off."
Original owner Nate Roberts always wore a suit and bowtie to work. Courtesy of Roberts Shoe Store
Before the sale, the walls were a mosaic of Nike, Reebok and Converse. For nearly 20 years, such styles made Roberts a go-to destination for customers like Bert Cambridge. He recalled the weekends he spent lining up for the latest releases.
"They always had new sneakers on Saturdays, the newest pair of Jordans or Nikes," he said. "This was before online presence was relevant. You wait, you get the kicks you want, and you're on your way."
Roberts Shoe Store founder Nate Roberts (left) surrounded by the store staff in the mid-1970s. Courtesy of Roberts Shoe Store
Longtime customer Wabash ("That's just Wabash) is partial to "the snakes, lizards and gators," some of Roberts' custom offerings. He imagines a future of tip- toeing around or whatever it takes to preserve the fancy footwear he's purchased from the iconic shoe seller.
"I don't wanna wear the bottom of the shoe out because I can't get no more. I gotta be careful how I wear em," he said.
"We have a lot of customers, the ones that have the big feet, they have a hard time buying shoes," said store employee Inez Jimenez.
When Roberts Shoe Store opened in 1937, it catered primarily to Scandinavian immigrants who needed work boots. Over the years, it added shoes for working women, like flight attendants and nurses. Courtesy of Roberts Shoe Store
It's particularly true for older customers, Jimenez added. "There is no shoe place like this. They like to be waited on and that's one of the main things here. It's like you're at a restaurant, but these guys are waiting on you for your shoes."
Worker Rene Dennis Thompson said he's met customers who are 80, 90 years old who [have] come here since they were in their twenties — people who get married and they still have the shoes they bought here for $3 or $4. It's amazing."
On a recent afternoon, Simon said he was straightening a row of leather boots when he was distracted by a commotion outside. He found a lone individual shouting from the street corner.
Roberts Shoe Store began with the goal of selling "good, affordable shoes." Courtesy of Roberts Shoe Store
"He was looking directly at our store and he was yelling, 'How could you do this to me?'" recalled Simon. "It was in frustration that we were closing."
For the past three months, Simon has been working seven days a week, from open to close. It's a schedule he'll keep until the beginning of November, when Roberts Shoe Store shuts the doors for the final time.
John Fesler, an employee of Roberts Shoe Store for 17 years, watches as customer Rubin Zarate tries to coax son Joshua into a shoe fitting. Nikki Tundel / MPR News
"It's the last shot," he said, "And I want to see everything that goes on and I want to be involved in it."
This is the ninth year in a row the Golden Nugget has been the first Las Vegas sportsbook to open betting on individual college football games. It's become an event that attracts bettors from all over. The sportsbook will take $1,000 limit bets on the games, some of which don't kick off for five months.
Below is the full list of games, which were released on Friday afternoon.
Golden Nugget 2015-16 Games of the Year
Thursday, Sept. 3
Michigan at Utah -4
TCU -18 at Minnesota
Friday, Sept. 4
Washington at Boise State -13
Saturday, Sept. 5
Wisconsin vs. Alabama -10 (Arlington, Texas)
Louisville vs. Auburn -11.5 (Atlanta, Ga.)
Arizona State vs. Texas A&M -3 (Houston)
Texas at Notre Dame -7.5
Virginia at UCLA -17
BYU at Nebraska -6
Monday, Sept. 7
Ohio State -16 at Virginia Tech
Saturday, Sept. 12
LSU -3 at Mississippi State
UCLA -32 at UNLV
Oklahoma at Tennessee -3
Notre Dame -9 at Virginia
Oregon State at Michigan -14
Iowa -4.5 at Iowa State
Marshall -3.5 at Ohio University
Boise State -6 at BYU
Oregon at Michigan State -1
Thursday, Sept. 17
Clemson -3 at Louisville
Saturday, Sept. 19
Auburn at LSU -4
UNLV at Michigan -33
Ole Miss at Alabama -9.5
South Carolina at Georgia -11
Georgia Tech at Notre Dame -2
Nebraska at Miami, Fla. PK
Stanford at USC -4
BYU at UCLA -14
Colorado -1.5 vs. Colorado State (Denver)
Thursday, Sept. 24
Cincinnati at Memphis -2
Friday, Sept. 25
Boise State -9 at Virginia
Saturday, Sept. 26
LSU -20 at Syracuse
UCLA at Arizona PK
USC -1 at Arizona State
Utah at Oregon -14
Oklahoma State at Texas -2.5
BYU at Michigan -7
Texas A&M vs. Arkansas -6.5 (Arlington, Texas)
Mississippi State at Auburn -8
Tennessee -2.5 at Florida
Thursday, Oct. 1
Miami, Fla. at Cincinnati -2.5
Saturday, Oct. 3
UNLV at Nevada -14
Ole Miss -6 at Florida
Alabama at Georgia PK
South Carolina at Missouri -11
Arkansas at Tennessee -1
Mississippi State at Texas A&M -6.5
Pittsburgh at Virginia Tech -9
Arizona at Stanford -7.5
Arizona State at UCLA -6
Oregon -16 at Colorado
Army at Penn State -28
West Virginia at Oklahoma -10
Kansas State at Oklahoma State -4
Texas at TCU -21
Notre Dame at Clemson -3.5
Thursday, Oct. 8
Washington at Southern Cal -19
Saturday, Oct. 10
LSU -8 at South Carolina
Georgia Tech at Clemson -3
Arkansas at Alabama -7.5
Florida at Missouri -10
Georgia at Tennessee PK
Miami (FL) at Florida State -14.5
Virginia at Pittsburgh -6
Boise State -12 at Colorado State
TCU -11 at Kansas State
Oklahoma -6.5 vs. Texas (Dallas, Texas)
Oklahoma State at West Virginia -5
Wisconsin -1 at Nebraska
Navy at Notre Dame -14
Thursday, Oct. 15
UCLA at Stanford -4.5
Auburn -9 at Kentucky
Friday, Oct. 16
UNLV at Fresno State -12
Boise State -9.5 at Utah State
Saturday, Oct. 17
Florida at LSU -14
Arizona State at Utah -2
USC at Notre Dame PK
Oregon -15 at Washington
Louisville at Florida State -12
Pittsburgh at Georgia Tech -14
Virginia Tech at Miami, Fla. -6
Missouri at Georgia -8.5
Alabama -7 at Texas A&M
West Virginia at Baylor -17
TCU -29 at Iowa State
Oklahoma -3 at Kansas State
Michigan State -4.5 at Michigan
Penn State at Ohio State -19
Saturday, Oct. 24
Utah at USC -7
Kansas State at Texas -2
Tennessee at Alabama -10
Auburn at Arkansas -6.5
Texas A&M at Ole Miss -4
Clemson -4.5 at Miami, Fla.
Florida State at Georgia Tech PK
Thursday, Oct. 29
Oregon -5 at Arizona State
West Virginia at TCU -20
Saturday, Oct. 31
Boise State -28.5 at UNLV
Central Florida at Cincinnati -6
Georgia Tech -10 at Virginia
Ole Miss at Auburn -4
Florida vs. Georgia -12 (Jacksonville, Fla.)
South Carolina at Texas A&M -10
Oregon State at Utah -16
Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015
Northern Illinois at Toledo -3
Thursday, Nov. 5
Mississippi State at Missouri, -6
Baylor -12 at Kansas State
Saturday, Nov. 7
LSU at Alabama -9
Arkansas at Ole Miss -1
Auburn -1.5 at Texas A&M
TCU -11 at Oklahoma State
Michigan State -6 at Nebraska
Florida State at Clemson -2
Virginia at Miami, Fla. -6.5
Notre Dame -3 at Pittsburgh
Arizona at USC -7.5
Thursday, Nov. 12
Virginia Tech at Georgia Tech -9.5
Friday, Nov. 13
USC -12 at Colorado
Saturday, Nov. 14
Arkansas at LSU -1.5
Utah at Arizona -3
Oregon at Stanford PK
Alabama -9 at Mississippi State
Florida at South Carolina -2.5
Oklahoma at Baylor -13
BYU at Missouri -12
Saturday, Nov. 21
San Diego State -16 at UNLV
LSU at Ole Miss PK
Fresno State at BYU -18
TCU -5 at Oklahoma
Baylor -10 at Oklahoma State
Michigan State at Ohio State -14
Michigan at Penn State -4.5
Mississippi State at Arkansas -10
Tennessee at Missouri -2.5
USC at Oregon -6.5
Georgia Tech -6 at Miami, Fla.
Arizona at Arizona State -3
UCLA -1 at Utah
California at Stanford -13
Friday, Nov. 27
Baylor at TCU -6
Oregon State at Oregon -22.5
Washington State at Washington -4.5
Iowa at Nebraska -7
Texas A&M at LSU -7.5
Kansas State -24 at Kansas
Oklahoma -3 at Oklahoma State
BYU at Utah State PK
Ohio State -16 at Michigan
Penn State at Michigan State -12
UCLA at USC -3
Colorado at Utah -13.5
Notre Dame at Stanford -3
North Carolina at NC State -6
Virginia Tech -4 at Virginia
Missouri at Arkansas -7
Alabama -3.5 at Auburn
Florida State -4 at Florida
Georgia -1 at Georgia Tech
Louisville -2.5 at Kentucky
Ole Miss -2 at Mississippi
Clemson -3 at South Carolina
Vanderbilt at Tennessee -17
Saturday, Dec. 5
Texas at Baylor -18
West Virginia at Kansas State -5
Saturday, Dec. 12
Navy -13 vs. Army, Philadelphia, Pa.
Girlboss, Netflix's recent series about the rise of controversial Nasty Gal CEO Sophia Amoruso's online clothing empire, has been canceled after only one season. The series debuted in April, earning middling reviews from critics. It now joins shows like The Get Down and Sense8 that were canceled this year after just a few seasons.
According to Variety, Amoruso, who is a executive produced the show, announced the cancellation in an Instagram Story over the weekend. “So that Netflix series about my life got canceled,” she wrote. “While I'm proud of the work we did, I'm looking forward to controlling my narrative from here on out.”
“That Netflix series about my life got canceled.”
The series starred Britt Robertson as Sophia Marlowe, an entitled yet savvy screwup who successfully manages to launch a mid-2000s internet-era clothing shop on eBay, paving the way to her own company. The series was based on Amoruso's 2014 memoir #Girlboss, which recounted the creation of Nasty Gal. However, both the show and Amoruso have been criticized for papering over the aspects of her story that led to the company's multiple legal battles and eventual bankruptcy.
Netflix appears to be trimming down the number of its original series this year, particularly the shows that are expensive to produce but fail to find an audience. Addressing the cancellations of The Get Down and Sense8 at the PGA's Produced By conference earlier this month, Netflix's chief content officer Ted Sarandos said, “A big expensive show for a huge audience is great. A big, expensive show for a tiny audience is hard even in our model to make that work very long.”
Updated at 8:06 a.m.
All lanes on the westbound side of the Intercounty Connector have reopened after an earlier crash involving a tractor trailer.
REOPENED: ICC westbd prior to Exit 3 (Shady Grove) — Right lane from crash cleanup. ALL lanes cleared. #mdtraffic — MDTA (@TheMDTA) October 25, 2016
Original post at 6:15 a.m.
Heads up WB ICC drivers! OVERTURNED TRACTOR TRAILER uprighted, but a HUGE cleanup remains #mdtraffic @First4Traffic pic.twitter.com/F1cVfoJTPn — Brad Freitas (@NewsChopperBrad) October 25, 2016
Only two lanes of traffic are getting by after a tractor trailer crashed and spilled lumber along the westbound lanes of the Intercounty Connector in Montgomery County.
It was not immediately known if anyone was seriously injured. The crash happened last night around 9 p .m. near the Shady Grove Road exit.
Drivers should avoid the area. It is not clear how long the cleanup will last, authorities said. The cause of the crash is under investigation.
– VlogAfterCollege Turns 3
– Gatsby Plays with the iFetch Automatic Ball Launcher
– Driving to the 3rd CorgiCon to meet up with hundreds of Corgis (Gatsby is so excited)
– Corgi Chaos! Corgis Everywhere!
– Signing in at the Corgi Meet Up
– Gatsby has tons of Fans!
– Gatsby the Corgi loves to get pet
– The most Corgis in one place
– Corgis on the Beach
– Frapping on the beach
– Corgi Group Photo
– Corgi Costume Contest
– Corgi Races
– Meeting Fans at Corgi Con
– Corgi Bathtime
– Golds Gym Workout
– Getting Ganondorf Amiibo from Amazon UK
– Amiibo Collection Wave 5 A
– Making Spaghetti with Rosemary and Thyme
– Gatsby Corgi's Fan Letter
– Thank you! Vlog Turns 3
– LifeAfterCollege.com the website I was programming is updated with my vlog footage! Check it out!
Some people are generous--others, not so much. Why is that?
A new study from Switzerland suggests that the answer to that question may be a matter of neuroanatomy, with the brains of altruistic types having more "gray matter" in a region of the brain known as the temporoparietal junction.
It's the first study to show a clear link between brain structure and altruism, according to a written statement released by the University of Zurich.
For the study, researchers led by Dr. Ernst Fehr--director of the university's economics department--asked 30 healthy adults to divide money between themselves and an anonymous person. What did the researchers find? While some of the study participants behaved altruistically, others were unwilling to sacrifice any money to the other person.
MRI scans showed key differences between the brains of participants who were altruistic and those who were selfish.
"People who behaved more altruistically also had a higher proportion of gray matter at the junction between the parietal and temporal lobes," researcher Dr. Yosuke Morishima, a postdoctoral researcher in the department, said in the statement.
The temporoparietal junction is known to be associated with decision-making. Disruptions of the region can affect the ability to make moral decisions.
Does the provocative finding suggest that altruism or selfishness is hard-wired into the brain? Not necessarily.
"One should not jump to the conclusion that altruistic behavior is determined by biological factors alone," Fehr said. Social "processes" also play a role, he said, adding that the findings raise the question of whether training people to be altruistic could encourage the growth of certain regions of the brain.
What sorts of social processes does Ernst have in mind? "This could be everything similar to what parents do repeatedly when they point out to their children that they should share resources with other kids or that they should take other kids interests into account when making decisions," he said in an email to The Huffington Post.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
If Venezuela burns, the United States will feel the heat. Like a nearby brush fire, the Venezuelan civil war threatens to erupt in a conflagration that will disrupt life throughout the hemisphere. Americans are accustomed to watching tinderboxes from half a world away, but this one is too close for comfort.
Venezuela has become emblematic of the fundamental failures of socialism. When power is centralized and dedicated to economic redistribution, everyone shares equally in misery and want. With Hugo Chavez's Bolivarian revolution in 1999, Venezuela began a devolution at breathtaking pace, transforming itself from a modern, oil-rich nation to a miserable basket case. His successor, Nicolas Maduro, has destroyed free markets, resulting in food shortages (and toilet paper), inflation and rampant crime as the people struggle to survive meager government handouts.
The nation has been brought to a standstill but for the starving millions, facing government troops, demanding the ouster of the president. Nearly 40 demonstrators have been slain in the streets. About 1,300 others have been arrested and 250 of them have been put before military tribunals for trial. Venezuela is nothing less now than a police state.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo raised a red flag over the Venezuela crisis last week before the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee. He warned of the possibility that should that nation fall, its large stock of armaments could fall into the hands of terrorists. “It is a real threat, as we have all seen the situation in Venezuela continue to deteriorate [and] Maduro gets more desperate by the hour.”
David Grantham, a national security analyst, writes in Townhall that Venezuela could easily become a Syria. “Maduro would rather dismantle government and assassinate opponents than keep the country viable,” he says. “History tells us that such despotism and subsequent international inaction can lead to Assad-like levels of oppression.” Like Syrians, Venezuelans are bedeviled by the virulent presence of Hezbollah, the radical Islamic terrorist organization. Vice President Tareck El Aissami's father, in fact, immigrated from Syria. If Hezbollah and its benefactors Iran and Russia prop up the failing Maduro regime, as they have with Syria's Bashar Assad, the Western Hemisphere could face the same sort of metastasizing terrorist presence that has ravaged the Middle East. Though South America is a long way from the sites of these extremists, Venezuela is awash in a familiar geopolitical resource, oil.
Access for infiltration of the U.S. southern border is the likely goal of Hezbollah. The U.S. Southern Command estimates that 30,000 illegals from Middle Eastern nations crossed the border in 2015 alone. Where there is human trafficking, there is money to be made. A task force of the Arizona Attorney General reported in 2015 a spike in money transfers from the Middle East and persons with Middle Eastern names to destinations in Mexican border towns.
The United States can no longer rely on a buffer of geography. With more people walking, some with bad intent and others not, it's clear that American security requires unwavering vigilance, and a wall.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
By BULATLAT
MANILA – A Roman Catholic priest who was shot and wounded in a gun attack by suspected state security forces in Nueva Ecija earlier this evening, Dec. 4, had died at a hospital.
In an urgent alert, Karapatan secretary general Tinay Palabay said Fr. Marcelito “Tito” Paez, 72, was driving his vehicle along a road in Jaen town, Nueva Ecija at 8 PM, Dec. 4, when he was attacked by motorcycle-riding assailants. He was rushed to a hospital in San Leonardo, but had died while being treated.
Earlier today, Paez facilitated the release of political detainee Rommel Tucay from the Provincial Jail in Cabanatuan City. Tucay, an organizer of the Alyansa ng Magbubukid sa Gitnang Luson-Nueva Ecija (AMGL-NE) was arrested in March this year by soldiers of the Philippine Army's 56th infantry battallion in Carranglan.
Paez, who belonged to the Diocese of San Jose City, was the coordinator of the Rural Missionaries of the Philippines in Central Luzon. A native of San Jose City, Nueva Ecija, he was assigned as parish priest in various towns in Nueva Ecija: Sto. Domingo, Guimba, Nampicuan, Rizal, and Gen. Natividad. He retired in 2015. In the 80s, he was also a leader of the Central Luzon Alliance for a Sovereign Philippines (CLASP) and Bagong Alyansang Makabayan-Central Luzon, which campaigned for the removal of the US military bases and against the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant.
He had been at the forefront of campaigns against militarization in Nueva Ecija and Central Luzon, and was known to lead church service for communities and victims of human rights violations.
As a known activist priest, he had been threatened and harassed by the military under the past administrations, specially under that of President Gloria Arroyo.
Paez is the first Catholic priest to become a victim of a political killing under President Duterte.
(This is the updated post, edited from the earlier article, “Nueva Ecija Catholic priest wounded in gun attack,” which we posted shortly before Fr. Paez died. We have also added several details about the slain victim. – Ed.)
Police say they are continuing to "actively" hunt down cannabis plantations in the popular dope-growing regions on the East Coast.
Officers seized and destroyed more than 10,000 cannabis plants over the past summer, about the same number as the previous year.
Police say the haul was taken from both public and private land across the Eastern policing district, which stretches from the top of the East Cape, down through the sunny Gisborne and Hawke's Bay regions renowned for providing ideal hemp-growing conditions.
A plane and a helicopter were used as "aerial support" over 10 days during this summer's recovery operations, which also netted nine rifles and shotguns and two stolen vehicles.
READ MORE:
* Thousands of cannabis plants wiped out in summer raids
* $140 million worth of cannabis seized in a year
* $3m worth of cannabis plants seized in West Auckland
* More than 900 cannabis plants seized from East Coast bush
"While methamphetamine related offending remains the primary focus of the Eastern District organised crime unit, cannabis cultivation and its related offending will continue to be actively policed," Detective Senior Sergeant Brent Greville said in a statement.
Throughout the operation "police received good feedback from rural communities, who were grateful for the work police were doing," he said.
Police said because they were currently in the process of preparing prosecution files following the summer's operation, they were unable to say how many people had been arrested during the East Coast drugs sweep.
Demonstrators take part in a protest aimed at showing London's solidarity with the European Union following the recent EU referendum, inTrafalgar Square, central London, Britain June 28, 2016. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's reputation among young people in EU nations has worsened following the Brexit vote, but has improved in nations further away, according to a poll for the British Council, the UK's international organisation for cultural relations.
The survey follows a poll carried out before June's referendum, and aimed to establish whether perceptions of Britain's attractiveness to millennials have changed following Britain's vote to leave the EU.
Conducted by Ipsos MORI, it surveyed nearly 20,000 young people between 18 and 34 in 19 of the G20 nations.
In EU countries, 36 percent said Brexit had negatively impacted their perception of the UK's attractiveness, compared to 17 percent who thought the vote made the UK more attractive.
But opinions outside the EU were more likely to be positive than negative.
Across all countries, almost a third of respondents said Brexit had improved their perception of Britain, compared to 21 percent who said the opposite.
“As the UK comes to reposition itself on the world stage, our reputation matters more than ever,” said British Council Chief Executive Ciarán Devane.
“We need to address the more negative opinions young people in Europe now have whilst making the most of the positive opinions elsewhere.”
Mona Lotten, of the British Council Insight team, said: “We must now invest more in our cultural and educational connections in Europe and across the globe to ensure the UK maintains and grows its position on the world stage.”
Glitter-Bombing: A Sparkly Weapon Of Disapproval On The Campaign Trail
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ben Garvin/Getty Images Ben Garvin/Getty Images
Earlier this week, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum was glitter-bombed by Occupy protesters in Tacoma, Wash., during a rally.
It wasn't the first time for Santorum. In fact, all of the Republican presidential candidates still in the race have faced off with glitter bombers. Unlike a ticker-tape parade or a burst of celebratory confetti, glitter-bombing is a form of protest — it tells candidates that someone thinks they're wrong on an issue.
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney got hit by the tiny, shiny stuff at a rally after winning the Florida primary. He brushed it off — literally as well as figuratively.
"This is an exciting time. I'm happy for a little celebration. This is confetti. We just won Florida!" he said.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gerald Herbert/AP Gerald Herbert/AP
This sparkly weapon of disapproval was first launched last May in Minnesota.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and his wife were signing books at an event sponsored by a group that opposes same-sex marriage.
"Feel the rainbow, Newt! Stop the hate! Stop anti-gay politics! It's dividing our country and it's not fixing our economy," a protester yelled as he hit Gingrich with glitter.
"Nice to live in a free country," Gingrich said. Meanwhile, the protester, Nick Espinosa, was being quickly escorted out.
Espinosa says he's part of the "Glitterati — a nationwide movement to stand up to bigotry and anti-gay politics with a lighthearted dousing of glitter."
Espinosa is 25 and unemployed. He told NPR he carried his glitter to the event in a Cheez-It box. But why glitter in the first place?
"It's a harmless but sensational way to bring attention to serious issues," Espinosa says. "I knew he wasn't going to be hurt by it, but I also knew that it would stick with him and that, you know, for the days to come he'd be remembering what I said as he pulled the glitter sparkles from his hair. And that you know, of course, who doesn't want to see Newt Gingrich covered in glitter?"
Well, Gingrich for one. He told The New York Times in an email that "glitter-bombing is clearly an assault and should be treated as such."
In fact, a Colorado student was arrested last week after tossing glitter at Romney in Denver. He was charged with causing a disturbance, an unlawful act on school property and throwing a missile.
And a Washington, D.C., optometrist warns that it is possible to injure someone with glitter.
"If it gets into the eyes, the best scenario is it can irritate, it can scratch. Worst scenario is it can actually create a cut," Stephen Glasser told The Hill. He also noted that breathing glitter into your nose and sinuses could cause an infection.
In light of new evidence, a Harvard professor who revealed a controversial papyrus fragment suggesting Jesus was married now admits that it is likely a modern forgery.
In September 2012, Harvard University divinity professor Karen L. King, a distinguished scholar of early Christianity, shocked an academic audience at the International Congress of Coptic Studies by detailing an Egyptian papyrus fragment that contained the first-known explicit reference to Jesus being married. The fourth of the eight incomplete lines of Coptic script written on the tiny papyrus scrap—only the size of a business card—contains the words “Jesus said to them, “My wife,” followed in the next line by “she is able to be my disciple.” King stressed that the “Gospel of Jesus's Wife” could not be taken as evidence that the historical Jesus ever had a wife—just as no historical proof exists to support claims that he never wed—but she was confident that the artifact was authentic after initial examinations by two expert papyrologists indicated it was ancient.
The announcement immediately sparked controversy. The Vatican dismissed the papyrus as a modern-day forgery. Some of King's fellow scholars who doubted its authenticity pointed to grammatical errors that native Coptic speakers would never have committed and believed it to have been copied from another ancient text, the Gospel of Thomas. In 2014, however, the Harvard Theological Review published results of carbon-dating and other scientific tests that detected no evidence of fabrication. The tests dated the papyrus to the seventh or eighth century A.D. and revealed the composition of the ink to be consistent with that time period.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
A new article written by journalist Ariel Sabar that appears in the latest issue of the Atlantic magazine, however, has exposed the papyrus to be most likely a fabrication. While King confirmed that she had seen a 1999 bill of sale from the artifact's owner, who requested anonymity, she did little to further investigate its provenance. Sabar, however, undertook a thorough examination of its owner—revealed to be Walter Fritz, a German living in Florida—and uncovered “a warren of secrets and lies.”
Gospel of Jesus' Wife, recto. (Credit: Public Domain)
Fritz, who at one time ran pornographic web sites that featured his wife, said he purchased the artifact in November 1999 along with other papyri from business partner Hans-Ulrich Laukamp, who died in 2002. Relatives and friends of Laukamp told the Atlantic, however, that he had no interest in antiquities and was in Germany at the reported time of the sale, which Fritz said took place in the kitchen of Laukamp's Florida home. A letter of authenticity in Fritz's possession also appears to have been fabricated.
Fritz acknowledged that he was the fragment's owner but categorically denied forging it. “I warrant that neither I, nor any third parties have forged, altered, or manipulated the fragment and/or its inscription in any way since it was acquired by me,” he asserted in a statement to the Atlantic. Fritz, who studied Egyptology and the Coptic language in Berlin in the late 1980s and early 1990s and once ran a business called Nefer Art that offered services to art collectors, did concede, however, that he had the knowledge and capability to carry out such a ruse.
Although the scientific testing had determined the scrap to be of ancient origin, it doesn't mean the hand of a modern-day forger wasn't at work. The Atlantic article points out that “a determined forger could obtain a blank scrap of centuries-old papyrus (perhaps even on eBay, where old papyri are routinely auctioned), mix ink from ancient recipes, and fashion passable Coptic script, particularly if he or she had some scholarly training.”
After reading the article and learning of the apparent fabrications in regards to the provenance of the papyrus, King conceded to the Atlantic that the fragment is likely fake. She admitted that she never investigated Fritz's background or tried to authenticate the supporting documents he provided about the supposed origin of the papyrus. The preponderance of evidence “tips the balance toward forgery,” King said. The Harvard scholar did tell the Atlantic, however, that she would need scientific proof or a confession in order to make a definitive assessment, and she pointed out that it was possible that the papyrus could still be authentic even if the story of its provenance was not.
In spite of the revelations, the Boston Globe reported that neither the Harvard Theological Review nor King plans to print a retraction. The journal's editors noted in a statement that they had “scrupulously and consistently avoided committing itself on the issue of the authenticity of the papyrus fragment” and had even published an article by Brown University professor Leo Depuydt rebutting King's findings in the same edition of the journal that featured her article. The editors said that since the journal “has never endorsed a position on the issue, it has no need to issue a response.”
“I don't see anything to retract,” King told the Boston Globe, noting that her research paper had always allowed for the possibility of forgery. “I have always thought of scholarship as a conversation. So you put out your best thoughts, and then people…bring in new ideas or evidence. You go on.” She did tell the newspaper that the experience had taught her one thing. “I would never agree to do an anonymous thing again. Lesson learned.”
Fans of the popular FX television show Sons of Anarchy should probably put on a helmet for this news: plans are afoot to bring the gang to consoles for some gaming, well, anarchy. The title is in the concept phase for the moment, but the idea of potentially riding a motorcycle in the open-world town of Charming is certainly a nice thought.
The announcement for the first ever Sons of Anarchy game came over Twitter, where Show Creator Kurt Sutter often posts news about the show.
Kurt had already tweeted about the possibly of producing a videogame, but at the time they were considering making it a PC-based MMO. Sutter – never one to shy away from offending anyone – stated he was happy to move away from the idea, because he wanted to make a “real game.” He also stated that he and everyone at FX and Fox were committed to ensuring the game reaches fruition.
SOA GAME UPDATE. had a great meeting with a big distributor yesterday. myself and everyone at FX and Fox is committed to making this happen. Yes, we definitely wanna do a REAL game. console based. not some slapcrap browser MP thing. it'll take awhile, but it's the right way to go.
It goes without saying that having the showrunner himself personally backing a title can make a difference, and we're excited to hear more as news trickles out.
Given that there are several charters of the Sons of Anarchy motorcycle gang, Kurt (assuming he wants to be involved in the writing process) has a fair amount of room to take creative liberties. Even if players never actually get a chance to go to Charming, there isn't any reason why a few characters from the show might not play a role in the game. Sutter can always oversee the scripting to ensure it stays true to the show, just like George R.R. Martin did with the upcoming RPG Game of Thrones, where a few of the actors even personally lent their likenesses and voices to make the game more immersive.
Many games based on shows and movies are cursed by a lack of quality, mostly from forced deadlines to coincide with movie and DVD releases. We can only hope that whichever studio is selected to develop the game is given the liberty to take their time and produce a game which may not only keep existing fans happy, but draw more fans to the television show itself.
What do you think about a Sons of Anarchy console game? Would you be interested in playing it?
Follow me on Twitter @Makelevi.
Source: Twitter [via GameSpot]
The Bruins are among the five teams still believed to be in pursuit of a trade for Avalanche forward Matt Duchene, according to Sportsnet's Elliotte Friedman.
“It sounds like everyone is realizing the possibility [Duchene] could start next season in Colorado. But remember this: Avalanche assistant GM Chris MacFarland was with Scott Howson in Columbus when Howson waited until July 20, 2012, to trade Rick Nash,” Friedman wrote in his final 30 Thoughts of the summer. “Sometimes the best predictor of future behaviour is past behaviour, and MacFarland could be following that blueprint. I wouldn't be surprised if interested parties (Boston, Columbus, Nashville, Pittsburgh, maybe Calgary) try again to see if anything shakes loose.”
But as everybody involved in this process has learned, dealing with Avalanche front office boss Joe Sakic has been like pulling an entire set of teeth out of your head.
One source told WEEI.com that the Avalanche are asking for a ‘ridiculous' return, with asks centering around Brandon Carlo or Charlie McAvoy (something Friedman later noted in his column), and that teams are basically going to try and call Sakic's bluff at this point. Both Carlo and McAvoy, who are under team control and on affordable entry-level deals, are believed to be non-starters in a trade with Colorado, according to a source.
Still, you can't fault the impossibly bad Avalanche for shooting for the moon.
The 26-year-old Duchene, who is under contract at $6 million for another two seasons, scored 18 goals and totaled 41 points campaign for the Avs last year, and is just a couple of seasons removed from the first and only 30-goal season of his NHL career.
A forward capable of playing left wing and center, the left-shot Duchene has recorded 174 goals and 418 points in 572 regular-season games with the Avalanche.
And even without Carlo or McAvoy, there's seemingly enough bullets in Bruins general manager Don Sweeney's chamber to pull the trigger on a deal for Duchene.
The Avalanche need help across the board, and specifically on defense, and the Black and Gold could help them out in that regard in the now and down the road, with a deep prospect pool along with capable NHLers under contract for present-day fillers for the Avalanche. The Bruins, who have admitted that they expect to begin the season with 'less' than $3-to-5 million in cap space (they currently have over $12.9 million in available space), would also likely need to move a forward off their seemingly crowded roster to make it work from a financial and roster flexibility standpoint.
Sweeney, meanwhile, has confirmed that he remains in trade talks with teams, but has alluded to addressing their RFA situations -- David Pastrnak is still in need of a new contract and the B's are set for a July 26 arbitration hearing with Ryan Spooner -- first.
The motto on the crest of Wilfrid Laurier University, where I'm employed, is Veritas Omnia Vincit. Translated, that means Truth Conquers All. At one time my university may have elevated the pursuit of truth as its highest ideal but now I'm not so sure. The pursuit of truth requires that faculty and students allow ideas, even those deemed repugnant by some, onto the campus to be aired in open discussion. It's in a contest of competing ideas that the best facts win or, “truth conquers.”
Wilfrid Laurier University masters student Lindsay Shepherd was censured for showing a video clip from TVO's The Agenda featuring U of T professor Jordan Peterson, debating the pros and cons on whether to use gender neutral pronouns. Shepherd was admonisted by the university after a student complained, saying that viewing the three-minute clip created "a toxic climate" in the classroom. ( David Bebee / Record Staff )
However, a few days ago some colleagues at my university showed that they place other values ahead of truth. I wish I could say it was the first instance of its kind on my campus. However, an internet search of “Wilfrid Laurier and freedom of expression” will show it's not. And the problem is growing. Most recently, the media reported Lindsay Shepherd, a grad student and teaching assistant in Laurier's communications program, ran afoul of her university bosses while instructing a first-year class. She showed a clip of a debate between U of T professors Jordan Peterson and Nicholas Matte. The debate, which previously aired on public TV, had Peterson explaining his objections to the use of non-gendered pronouns while Matte argued in favour. Shepherd showed a three-minute clip to spark discussion but it seems someone in class complained that the ideas of Peterson made them feel unsafe. Shepherd found herself called before a hostile tribunal of her thesis adviser, the program chair, and the manager of the university's Gendered and Sexual Violence Prevention and Support Office.
Article Continued Below
Quotes from the meeting, which Shepherd recorded, show that she was subjected to a barrage of accusations as her motives and character were called into question. She was ultimately told she was not allowed to expose students to views like those of Peterson because, according to her thesis adviser, discussions that create “an unsafe learning environment” are “not up for debate.” To her credit, during her inquisition Shepherd had the courage to suggest that it was not the duty of the university to make students comfortable but to make them think. Had she been given more chance to speak, she might have also noted that claiming certain ideas can make a classroom “unsafe” is, for the most part, an unscientific ruse used by many to simply rationalize censorship. I base that conclusion on psychologist Scott Lilienfeld's recent groundbreaking study in the journal Perspectives on Psychological Science. He reviewed the existing scholarship on the effects of normal exposure to ideas one finds offensive and found there “are many claims about psychological harm done by such microaggressions” but “there is little to no empirical evidence to support such claims.” Other research shows that being exposed to opposing views makes the vast majority of students mentally more resilient, not fragile. Research may show that diversity of ideas is a good thing but, in the past, when radical factions at my university have worked to stop it, Laurier's upper administration has done nothing. So, I'm not hopeful they'll come out strongly in favour now.
To be honest, even if the people at the top of my university did attempt change, it's likely that most of my colleagues would agitate and cause the effort to fail. I'm basing my pessimistic prediction on what just happened at the University of British Columbia. Certain concerned faculty there attempted to pass a policy guaranteeing no line of inquiry could be forbidden. To get the approval of the majority of professors, the policy was watered down to the point of uselessness.
Article Continued Below
Since the news reports related to Shepherd have come out I've received calls and emails from friends and neighbours. Many have kids at Laurier or they are about to send them. They're worried. One thing I tell them is that the cultural climate of Laurier is actually pretty similar to most Canadian universities. No institution has risen to become a beacon of free expression. I also give them this advice: if the universities won't offer your child a diversity of ideas, encourage them to search out those opposing ideas for themselves … an excellent start are the YouTube videos featuring Jordan Peterson. David Millard Haskell is associate professor in the faculty of Liberal Arts at Wilfrid Laurier University.
Read more about:
If you've ever tasted it, you know that restaurant-served ramen is an entirely different soup game than the instant stuff on which penny-pinching college students subsist. The broth is meatier, the noodles fluffier, the whole experience more elegant (when a bowl clocks in at $15, it'd better be). Sometimes the soup even comes with an egg on top. Glory.
But how do the two varieties compare when it comes to nutrition? Turn over a plastic-wrapped Nissin Top Ramen and you'll find that there are 380 calories, 14 grams of fat and 1,820 mg of sodium condensed into the whole brick of the brand's Chicken Flavor.
The FDA recommends the average American consumes no more than 2,300 mg of salt per day. A package of Top Ramen's noodles contains more than half of this.
It's a little more difficult, of course, to reveal the health stats on restaurant-made ramen. While the dish itself is most definitely trending, and specialty shops are popping up with fierce determination, the meal has yet to be homogenized in a fast food sense, which would enable consumers to be more privy to its nutritional data.
The Star analyzed Momofuku Toronto's signature ramen bowl to find it contained 1,241 calories, 69 grams of fat and 2,858 mg of sodium. That is a lot of salt.
Consuming too much sodium can increase a person's risk of heart failure, osteoporosis, stroke, high blood pressure and heart disease. Not what comes to mind while slurping up a warm, comforting bowl of soup.
A post shared by Cara Felleman (@eatingwithcara) on Jul 24, 2014 at 7:00pm PDT
With ingredients like pork shoulder, pork belly and tare, Momofuku makes no health promises to its diners. This dish's salt count is certainly not the definitive number for all restaurants' ramen -- nor does it imply that every bowl of soup the restaurant served is just as sodium packed. But, chances are, many ramen meals need to be accompanied by a tall glass of water.
If salt intake is a concern of yours (as it very well may be) but you've got ramen on the brain, you might try mixing up this lower-sodium (but still cheaper than restaurant-served) version from This Week for Dinner.
Get the recipe here. Oh, and feel free to add an egg. The "perfect protein" won't push your sodium count too far over the edge.
LOS ANGELES — Jon Lester's agent, Seth Levinson, kept receiving texts from other clients during Game 5 of the National League Championship Series.
“He'll will his way to a win,” Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy wrote.
“That's who I'm going to be, a warrior,” Royals left-hander Danny Duffy said.
Article continues below ...
Nine years after pitching the 2007 World Series clincher for the Red Sox at age 23, Lester made his 17th career postseason start Thursday night — and arguably his most turbulent.
The Dodgers, knowing that Lester is reluctant to throw to bases, tried to disrupt him in numerous ways, showing bunt, bunting, taking huge leads, stealing two bases. And in the end, Lester's pitching line in the Cubs' 8-4 victory was as brilliant as it often is in October:
Seven innings. Five hits. One run.
The Cubs, leading three games to two, are now one win away from their first World Series since 1945 with the NLCS returning to Wrigley Field for Game 6 on Saturday night.
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw will start that game, and Lester said he took the mound knowing that his fellow left-hander was “looming in the background.” A loss Thursday would have moved the Cubs to the verge of elimination against the best pitcher on the planet. Not a good option.
Before the game, Cubs manager Joe Maddon had urged Lester to focus only on his pitching and not worry about the Dodgers' diversionary tactics; Maddon believed that Lester being concerned about “other stuff” contributed to his relative lack of sharpness in Game 1.
But aside from a few shows of emotion — including a staredown of the Dodgers' dugout after fielding a bunt and making a successful one-hop throw to first — Lester was a portrait of unwavering stoicism and strength.
“He just brought it all,” Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo said. “These really are the moments he shines brightest. You see it all the time out of him. It's fun to watch. It's fun to be a part of.”
Lester, 32, has a career 2.50 ERA in the postseason, averaging seven innings per start. Yet, it was in October that his throwing woes first were exposed.
The Royals stole three bases off Lester (and seven in all) while rallying to defeat the A's in the 2014 wild-card game. Ever since, opponents have attempted to exploit his weakness, to varying degrees.
Lester, in his last 62 starts dating to April 13, 2015, has thrown over to first base only three times. But in his two years with the Cubs since signing a $155 million free-agent contract, his ERA is 2.89 during the regular season and 2.31 during the postseason.
“It's always going to be there. It's something we're going to have to always combat,” Lester acknowledged to me during his post-game interview on FS1. “I haven't run from anything. We'll just keep adjusting, trying to throw strikes.”
Which, really, was all Maddon wanted in Game 5.
Opponents stole a major-league high 44 bases off Lester last season. The number reduced to 28 this season, but NL Central opponents occasionally try to drive Lester to distraction, and Maddon and several Cubs players said the only difference Thursday was the magnitude of the game.
“There's always plotting going on,” Maddon said. “And like I said before, the most important thing is that Jon throws the ball well to home plate. That gets overlooked. I don't want him to get caught up in the minutiae of everything else. Do what you do best.
“What he does best is he throws pitches very well, up to 94 miles an hour where he wants to, and then he has a great cutter and a curveball. So why would I want him to get mentally infiltrated with trying to hold runners if he's not comfortable? We have other things in place to take care of that.”
Those things include communication between infielders, communication between Rizzo and catcher David Ross for back picks and alternate fielding plans for balls bunted at the pitcher.
Lester, too, plays a role, holding the ball to disrupt the timing of potential base stealers and delivering the ball quickly to home plate. One cub official refers to him as the “best slide-step pitcher in the game.”
The Dodgers, if anything, needed to run more in Game 5; a steal of third led to their only run off Lester, and they also had a steal of second against him. But manager Dave Roberts noted that Lester often was 1.15-1.2 seconds to the plate, and that some of his players — Corey Seager, Joc Pederson — were not prototypical base stealers.
“They have a game plan going in that they want to bunt, they want to show bunt, get big leads, do all that stuff,” Lester said. “That's fine. I'd rather have Adrian Gonzalez and Joc Pederson and all these guys bunt than hit it out of the ballpark.
“As much as they think it gets me off my game, I'd rather have those guys try to keep the ball in the infield. Our infielders are really good.”
Case in point: The crazy athletic play that second baseman Javier Baez made on a bunt by Gonzalez in the seventh, when the Cubs led by only two runs. Baez charged the ball from the outfield grass, fielded it with his bare hand and made a powerful throw to first. Gonzalez originally was ruled safe, but the call was overturned on replay.
Lester took care of Pederson himself on an earlier bunt attempt in the second; Ross said Rizzo will tell the pitcher, “Throw it to me. Throw it short. And I'll pick you up. I gotcha.”
“At the end of the day, we all have flaws,” Ross said. “His just happens to be one that has gotten a lot more attention. We find a way to deal with our flaws, try to work around ‘em. None of us are perfect players. We try to do the best we can to help one another out.”
They helped each other Thursday night. And if they reach the World Series, they will need to help each other again; the Indians, perhaps the best base-running team in baseball, surely will try to get inside Lester's head, too.
I asked Lester afterward if he felt that he had proven a point to teams that try to rattle him, and he replied, “I don't know. It is what it is.” But Roberts broadcast the Dodgers' intentions in his pre-game news conference, and his team got nowhere.
Against Jon Lester in October, teams rarely do.
“We actually weren't that impressed,” Cubs center fielder Dexter Fowler said, only half-joking. “That guy does this stuff all the time.”
Two activists from the Ukrainian women's rights group Femen protest against Turkey's Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan inside a polling station during municipal elections in Istanbul March 30, 2014.
Two bare-breasted Femen activists staged a protest against Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on the first day of the country's bitterly-contested local elections.
The two female protesters, who had "Ban Erdoğan" written on their chests, were arrested after baring their breasts at a polling station where Erdoğan was set to vote, according to reports.
Erdoğan had already changed the location of where he was due to cast his vote when the Ukraine-based feminist group said they would stage a protest against him there.
Femen carried out earlier actions in Turkey after Erdoğan blocked Twitter last week. In July last year, a topless Femen activist was arrested after taking part in an anti-Erdogan protest at an airport in Istanbul.
Erdoğan's Twitter ban was followed a week later by his blocking YouTube on Thursday. This happened one day after a court ordered the suspension of the Twitter ban. Earlier this month, Erdoğan said that social media had been abused by his enemies after a stream of audio recordings purportedly revealing corruption in his inner circle emerged online.
The municipal elections have become a crisis referendum on Erdoğan and his Islamist-rooted AK Party after weeks of scandal he has cast as a "dirty campaign" of espionage to implicate him in corruption and topple him.
"Today it is what the people say which matters rather than what was said in the city squares," Erdoğan told reporters as he voted in Istanbul, his supporters chanting "Turkey is proud of you" outside the polling station. "Once the ballot boxes are opened the rest is only footnotes to history," he said.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Erdoğan's AKP Party showed a strong lead in the polls when the first results came in on Sunday evening.
The debate will be live-streamed at: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/humanist
Here's part of the press release:
GOOD WITHOUT GOD? LIVE DEBATE.
Matt Dillahunty from The Atheist Experience
To debate
Mark Allison from Covenant Connections Church
The South is full of people who believe that to be good you must have God. The
Gainesville State College Secular Student Alliance disagrees with that statement.
The Secular Student Alliance has arranged a debate between Matt Dillahunty,
atheist, and Mark Allison, Christian, on the topic of Good Without God. There
will be 5 questions presented by the moderator then time for questions from the
audience. The debate will be held on Thursday November 17th at 7:00PM. The
debate will be held on the Gainesville State College Campus in the Academic IV
building, on the 3rd floor in the multi-purpose room.
"Best" ROM.There is no such thing as the best ROM. The question itself is ambiguous. "Best" is obviously a subjective term.What I want from a ROM may well differ from what you want from a ROM, ergo - what is best for me could be worst for you.If you are asking what the most popular ROMs are, or which ROMs people are using, you can see which threads stay around on the first few pages (and have the most posts) in the Android Development or Original Android Development forums. You can also see what other people are running by reading the What are you running on your Nexus 5 thread.If you are asking which is the most stable, being a Nexus device - they're all pretty stable.If you are asking which is best on Battery, ROMs only affect battery if they have a feature that is badly coded. You will likely be able to read about this in the ROM threads. ROMs do not impact battery life. The only impact to battery life are your apps, your settings, how you use the phone and mostly, environmental issues such as Phone Signal.For tips about improving battery life, please read [Battery Life Help] Troubleshoot battery issues here! "Best" KernelAlso, please note that as above, "best" is still subjective. What we all want from a kernel is different. Again, many people have the misconception that Kernels affect battery life. Let's get this cleared up. Although Kernel devs will build in optimisations and efficiencies that will improve battery life, these are very, VERY tiny...and if 1 kernel has these optimisations, they likely all have.People will often say "Kernel x is better than kernel y for battery life". This is actually wrong. Kernels respond to user settings. Setting up the governor to favour either battery life or performance is simple enough to do, you just have to do some learning. The reason people think Kernel x is better than y is because developers set their kernels up with their preferred governor settings. This is what we refer to as out-of-the-box settings. The out-of-the-box settings for kernel x may well produce better battery results than the out-of-the-box settings for kernel y, which favour performance. The fact is, you as the user have the ability to tune kernel x or y to perform the same, be that battery or performance - so start learning how to do this yourselves - that way, you can choose the kernel based on the FEATURES you want, and not the fictional performance benefits of one kernel over another.Hope this helps
BERLIN (Reuters) - The influx of refugees into Europe threatens to undermine the continent's Christian roots and governments must control their borders before they can decide how many asylum seekers they can take, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said.
In an opinion piece for Germany's Frankfurt Allgemeine Zeitung, Orban said the people of Europe were at odds with the majority of governments on the refugee crisis.
"The people want us to master the situation and protect our borders," he wrote. "Only when we have protected our borders can questions be asked about the numbers of people we can take in, or whether there should be quotas."
Hungary is building a 175 km (110-mile) long fence along its border with Serbia to keep out an accelerating flow of migrants entering from the south.
Orban said his country was being "overrun" with refugees, adding most were not Christians, but Muslims.
"That is an important question, because Europe and European culture have Christian roots. Or is it not already and in itself alarming that Europe's Christian culture is barely in a position to uphold Europe's own Christian values?" he asked.
(Writing by Paul Carrel; editing by John Stonestreet)
Game developer Dharker Studio revealed in a Steam forum post last Saturday that it received notification from Valve that the company no longer allows links to uncensor patches for games posted on Steam. These patches restore adult content that has been censored in the game in order for the game to comply with Steam's content rules.
John Pickett, PR Director & Head Translator at video game developer and publisher MangaGamer, provided ANN with the following statement regarding the situation:
As of Friday, October 27, Valve has sent out an e-mail informing us and other developers that adult content cannot be distributed on Steam, and that they will no longer allow official discussion of any uncensor or adult patches on Steam Pages and the Steam Community. We have since been obligated to remove all mention of our free adult patches from Steam. This is, of course, in direct contradiction to the policies Valve outlined to us when we spoke with them in person at their office less than six months ago. These new developments are as much a shock to us as we're sure they are to fans and other developers. We've urged Valve to maintain consistency on their policies regarding adult content, and believe this is needed now more than ever. While it may be unclear how the future of adult gaming on Steam will evolve from here, we can assure everyone that we at MangaGamer remain dedicated to providing the full, uncensored, uncut versions of some of the best adult games on the market, and shall continue to retail them unhindered on our storefront. We also welcome other developers to contact us and discuss the possibilities of retailing on our storefront.
MangaGamer stated at Anime Expo in July that it was working to release more titles on Steam as all-ages titles with separate free adult-only patches. The company added at that time that the Steam version of the games and the version offered on MangaGamer's website would be priced the same.
Game publisher Sekai Project told ANN it couldn't comment on Valve's official policies, but the company confirmed that it received a similar correspondence from Valve, as developers of many of Sekai Project's games post links to uncensored patches in the Steam forums. According to Sekai Project, Valve requested that these links be removed from Valve-controlled channels, and that all of Sekai Project's developers have complied with the request.
Sekai Project noted that it plans to comply with Valve's policies, and that it will encourage its development partners to keep the policies in mind when releasing games.
Dharker Studio said it will update its own website with information on how to install the patch. Game developer Lupiesoft also stated that fans should go to the developer's official website for more information.
Valve has not made an official statement regarding the policy. Valve co-founder and president Gabe Newell addressed the issue during a Reddit AMA Q&A session in February. When asked if Steam would consider allowing uncensored video games to be sold on the platform, Newell said: "In principle, there are two problems to solve. The first is a completely uncurated distribution tool for developers. The second is a toolset for customers that allow them to find and filter content (and people are an instance of content most obviously in multiplayer) that is best for them."
Steam still features an age gate for some games, and it also offers certain games that feature depictions of sex, such as game developer Love Conquers All's Ladykiller in a Bind game. According to gaming news website Polygon, Valve didn't allow the game on its platform until several months after its release, and the game's developer said Valve didn't require edits to the game when it eventually approved the game for release.
[Via Polygon]
Last year, the BBC held a special contest called Script to Screen, where primary schools could compete to write a winning script for a Doctor Who short. The best would be produced and filmed with all the pomp and circumstance of a real episode of Doctor Who. This year's winner has just premiered (and therefore made it on to YouTube), and it goes by the name “Good as Gold.” It's funny and cute, very Olympics-propaganda-y (and this coming from someone who is already discussing the menu for an opening ceremonies party) and definitely should not be part of a serious effort to fit it into DW canon, but the most interesting thing about it is that it goes right along with some tweets from the official Doctor Who Twitter about this Saturday.
Which incidentally is when the Olympic Torch relay will pass through Cardiff, the studio location of Doctor Who. Who fans, you know why this is important. For everybody else, I'll explain.
Waaaay back in 2006, the episode “Fear Her,” aired, and, long story short, it was set in 2012 and culminated in the Doctor (then played by David Tennant) completing the very last leg of the Olympic torch relay and lighting the official torch of the games on international live television. Now that the time at which it would be possible for reality to confirm fictional details of Doctor Who is nigh, fans have understandably become very interested in any possibility that Doctor Who might have something to do with the torch relay, with David Tennant lighting the torch as the most perfect of all outcomes. Whether or not anybody expects it to happen is another story.
But that brings me to a couple of tweets from @BBCDoctorWho:
And also the initial The Mary Sue reaction to it.
Susana: THIS IS NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION Jill: GAAAAAAAAAAH Susana: GAAAAAAAAAAHH Susana: http://www.bestweekever.tv/bwe/images/2012/05/Avengers-Hulk-Loki-1337008016.gif
We'll just have to wait and find out tomorrow. It's okay. Doctor Who fans are pretty good at waiting by now.
(video via Tor.)
Here I was struggling through another brutal afternoon just sitting here thinking of how nice it would be to not be spending 14 hours or so a day in the same chair. You know, maybe mix in a drive here and there. Maybe a walk at the park. Anything besides sitting here listening to people bitch and nitpick over every little thing I say on here or Twitter.
And then Travis Kelce pops up on Snap and delivers an incredible piece of social media magic after an ordinary stop at Crate & Barrel for supplies. That's when he went on a roll with characters all responding to his Crate and Barrel visit. I guess that's what I just watched.
At first I didn't even realize I was watching one of the best tight ends in the NFL do improv while driving his truck.
Guess where Kelce grew up….of course Cleveland. Characters for days in that city.
Politics
Your tax dollars at work, ladies and gentlemen: Judicial Watch used its trusty Freedom of Information Act crowbar to pry some more documents from the Most Transparent Administration in History, and what do you know, Obama's Justice Department was actively helping to organize demonstrations and spread civil unrest.
Judicial Watch, Inc. (Judicial Watch) on April 24, 2012 launched an investigation into the Trayvon Martin case based on reports that the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) had sent a secret team of “peacekeepers” to Sanflord, Florida, where Martin was shot on February 26, 2012 after wandering in a gated community after dark. George Zimmerman, a resident of the community and its neighborhood watch captain, is currently on trial for Martin's death though he maintains he acted in self-defense. Records obtained by Judicial Watch in response to local, state and federal public records requests show that the so-called peacekeepers are part of a large and growing division within DOJ called the Community Relations Service (CRS). Though CRS purports to spot and quell racial tensions nationwide before they arise, the documents obtained by Judicial Watch show the group actively worked to foment unrest, spending thousands of taxpayer dollars on travel and hotel rooms to train protesters throughout Florida. The peacekeepers also met with officials of the Republican National Convention, scheduled for several months later in Tampa, to warn them to expect protests in connection with Martin's death.
Let me get this straight: they met with the RNC organizers to warn them about protests from the very same agitators DOJ spent thousands of dollars training?
The Daily Caller notes that one of the rallies assisted by your tax-funded public servants was headlined by racial arsonist Al Sharpton. You're welcome, America.
This “large and growing division” of taxpayer-funded saboteurs needs to be de-funded immediately, and it's probably time to give Attorney General Eric Holder another chance to commit perjury before Congress. He has a certain flair for it.
Former CBC radio host Jian Ghomeshi will plead not guilty to charges of sexual assault and choking, his lawyer says. Ghomeshi was released on $100,000 bail after he was arrested and appeared in a downtown courtroom Wednesday.
Former CBC Radio host Jian Ghomeshi appeared in court Wednesday afternoon.
The 47-year-old has been charged with four counts of sexual assault and one count of overcome resistance – choking. He surrendered to police, according to a news release. “We will defend and respond to these allegations fully and directly in a court of law,” said Marie Henein, Ghomeshi's high profile defence lawyer, in a statement to media. “It is not our practice to litigate matters in the media... What we have to say we will say in court.”
Article Continued Below
Appearing in a College Park courtroom shortly after noon, the ousted CBC radio poster boy sat in the prisoner's box with his mother in the front row of the public gallery. He stared straight ahead as the court heard details of the case against him, and appeared tired with bags under his half-lidded eyes while his hair, cut shorter than usual, was tousled. His face was clean-shaved and he wore a dark blazer over a white shirt.
Jian Ghomeshi leaving the courthouse in Toronto. ( Toronto Star )
Presiding justice Rebecca Rutherford ordered Ghomeshi to remain in Ontario upon his release on bail, and to surrender his passport. He was also ordered to live with his mother and not contact any of his accusers. Asked repeatedly if he understands the conditions of his release, Ghomeshi each time said, “I do.” Henein was granted a publication ban barring reporters from sharing any evidence heard in court Wednesday. Such bans are routine for bail hearings in the province. Nine women and one man have told the Star and other media that they were choked, hit or sexually harassed by Ghomeshi.
Jian Ghomeshi, pictured here in Toronot on Jan. 22, 2010, has been arrested by Toronto police and charged with sex crimes. ( CHRIS YOUNG / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Ghomeshi, who hosted the popular radio show Q since 2007, was fired by the CBC on Oct. 26.
Toronto police began their investigation on Oct. 31. At the time, three women, including Trailer Park Boys actress Lucy DeCoutere, had come forward with allegations. “The past month has seen a major shift in the conversation about violence against women,” the actress said Wednesday in a statement through her spokesperson.
Article Continued Below
“It has been an overwhelming and painful time for many people, including myself, but also very inspiring. I hope that victim's voices continue to be heard and that this is the start of a change that is so desperately needed.” After Ghomeshi's bail hearing, he and Henein emerged from the courthouse elevator and were escorted by police through a thick crush of television cameras and reporters wielding smartphones. Ghomeshi didn't respond to questions from the media, while Henein made a brief statement before entering a dark van and driving away with Ghomeshi. CBC spokesperson Chuck Thompson declined to comment Wedneday morning. In a statement on Twitter later in the day, CBC said “we understand no charges involve staff or ex-staff of CBC; won't be commenting abut charges.” CBC's executive vice-president of English services, Heather Conway, has said that Ghomeshi was sacked after the CBC's head of radio, Chris Boyce, and head of public affairs, Chuck Thompson, on Oct. 23 saw “graphic evidence that Jian had caused physical injury to a woman.” She said the evidence included text messages, photos and video. Conway did not view the evidence herself. A source told the Star that the video, shown on Ghomeshi's phone, depicted a woman he had dated with bruises, apparently caused by a cracked rib. In a message posted on Facebook days after he was fired, Ghomeshi denied engaging in any non-consensual sexual behavior and said he intended to meet the allegations against him “directly.” His Facebook and Twitter accounts, as well as his website, have since been taken down. Since his firing, Ghomeshi has been dumped by crisis communications firm Navigator; publicity company Rock-It Promotions; his publisher; his agent; the musician Lights, whom he managed for 12 years; and the Polaris Music Prize jury. On Tuesday, he dropped his $55-million lawsuit against the CBC for breach of confidence, saying he was taking his fight against the broadcaster to “binding arbitration” in accordance with its collective agreement. He must pay the CBC $18,000 in legal costs. Speaking to reporters Wednesday morning, Toronto police chief Bill Blair would not comment on the charges. He said that he encourages victims of sexual assault to come forward to police. “I want to offer them my reassurances that they will be treated with dignity and respect,” he said. At Queen's Park, where the Ghomeshi affair has led to Premier Kathleen Wynne agreeing to strike an all-party committee on sexual violence and harassment in the workplace and beyond, Attorney General Madeleine Meilleur would say little about the charges. “As you know, this case is before the courts so I cannot comment on it,” Meilleur said. But the Minister Responsible for Women's Issues Tracy MacCharles said the “silver lining” to the episode is that it may help other people who feel victimized to come forward. “Our government is very committed to this issue … around sexual violence and assaults and harassment against women,” MacCharles told reporters. “The silver lining here is we have heightened awareness. I encourage anyone who's experienced sexual harassment to … go to the police or (use) other community supports,” she said. “I can't comment on that (specific Ghomeshi) case because it has to go through due process. All these issues help create a culture and an environment in workplaces, in schools, and communities, and aboriginal reserves … for men and women to come forward and that is the benefit here … to shine a bigger light on it.” With files from Tim Alamenciak and Sidney Cohen Kevin Donovan can be reached at 416-869-4425 or kdonovan@thestar.ca .
Read more about:
Removing Obscuring Abstractions
Yurii Rashkovskii Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 8, 2017
“…abstraction is a technique for arranging complexity of computer systems. It works by establishing a level of complexity on which a person interacts with the system, suppressing the more complex details below the current level. The programmer works with an idealized interface (usually well defined) and can add additional levels of functionality that would otherwise be too complex to handle.”
— Wikipedia
Well over a decade ago Chuck Moore mentioned an idea of “unnecessary abstractions”, abstractions that obscure the nature of the underlying concept and he also talked a bit about how he writes code bottom up, defining whichever words (instructions) he deems to be useful, changing them as the understanding evolves.
This approach seems to be profoundly different from what most of us do. We are taught to be reasonably lazy and rely on existing libraries and tools as much as possible. After all, we are often required to ship as soon as possible. And I generally don't disagree with that. Creating complex systems involving multiple domains is hard on its own, so the more code we can reuse, the better.
However, I do want to single out a category of tools that we use and argue that it is important to be able to cut through layers of abstractions and understand and appreciate the “physics” involved.
This category is databases. Arguably, a database is most commonly used and useful abstraction of all. It extends, persists and shares the memory available to our applications. The databases we use most tend to have a wide array of great functionality. Querying, indexing, distribution, fail-over, backups, you name it. These things work quite well (most of the time, in most cases). So why should we peek through these layers at all?
As Wikipedia defined it, abstractions “suppress the more complex details” and therefore removes the understanding of how things work further away from us, the users of the abstraction. While of course it is not a mystery or particularly secret knowledge as to how any particular database operates (especially if you're using open source), under the physical and psychological constraints of deadlines, it is so alluring to focus on the database abstraction itself and not think of the complexity involved. After all, that stuff is complex.
As a result, we end up having poorly modelled domains, inefficient queries, and start looking for solutions that might be wrong.
My hunch is that by shaking off a few layers (it's rather impractical to shake them all off) we can get just a bit closer “to the metal” and really appreciate what's involved in storing, retrieving and finding data.
The level of abstraction at which I decided to stop here is a B+ tree key/value database. You can seek to the beginning, the end, a particular key prefix, and go to the previous or next key. Fairly compact abstraction surface, I would say. As an additional twist, being an advocate for event sourcing, functional programming and immutability, I self-imposed one rule: no overwrites. I can associate a value to a key, but I can't change it after that.
If you are familiar with the recent open source work I've been doing, yes, I am describing PumpkinDB.
Arseneault , L , Bowes , L , Shakoor , S ( 2010 ). Bullying victimization in youths and mental health problems: ‘much ado about nothing'? Psychological Medicine 40 , 717 – 729 .
Arseneault , L , Cannon , M , Fisher , HF , Polanczyk , G , Moffitt , TE , Caspi , A ( 2011 ). Childhood trauma and children's emerging psychotic symptoms: a genetically sensitive longitudinal cohort study . American Journal of Psychiatry 168 , 65 – 72 .
Arseneault , L , Milne , BJ , Taylor , A , Adams , F , Delgado , K , Caspi , A , Moffitt , TE ( 2008 ). Being bullied as an environmentally mediated contributing factor to children's internalizing problems: a study of twins discordant for victimization . Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine 162 , 145 – 150 .
Beecham , J , Byford , S , Kwok , C , Parsonage , M ( 2011 ). School-based interventions to reduce bullying . In Mental Health Promotion and Mental Illness Prevention: the Economic Case (ed. Knapp , M. , McDaid , D. and Parsonage , M. ), pp. 12 – 13 . Department of Health : London .
Bowes , L , Wolke , D , Joinson , C , Lereya , ST , Lewis , G ( 2014 ). Sibling bullying and risk of depression, anxiety, and self-harm: a prospective cohort study . Pediatrics 134 , e1032 – e1039 .
Clark , C , Rodgers , B , Caldwell , T , Stansfeld , S ( 2007 ). Childhood and adulthood psychological ill health as predictors of midlife affective and anxiety disorders: the 1958 British Birth Cohort . Archives of General Psychiatry 64 , 668 – 678 .
Copeland , WE , Wolke , D , Angold , A , Costello , EJ ( 2013 ). Adult psychiatric outcomes of bullying and being bullied by peers in childhood and adolescence . JAMA Psychiatry 70 , 419 – 426 .
Costello , EJ , Pescosolido , BA , Angold , A , Burns , B ( 1998 ). A family network-based model of access to child mental health services . Research in Community Mental Health 9 , 165 – 190 .
Davies , S , Mehta , N ( 2014 ). Public Mental Health: Evidence Based Priorities. The Annual Report of the Chief Medical Officer 2013: Public Mental Health Priorities: Investing in the Evidence . Department of Health : London .
Dodge , K , Bates , J , Pettit , G ( 1990 ). Mechanisms in the cycle of violence . Science 250 , 1678 – 1683 .
Douglas , JWB ( 1964 ). The Home and the School . MacGibbon & Kee : London .
Evans-Lacko , S , Corker , E , Williams , P , Henderson , C , Thornicroft , G ( 2014 ). Trends in mental illness related public stigma among the English population in 2003–2013: influence of the Time to Change anti-stigma campaign . Lancet Psychiatry 1 , 121 – 128 .
Finkelhor , D , Turner , HA , Shattuck , A , Hamby , SL ( 2015 ). Prevalence of childhood exposure to violence, crime, and abuse: results from the National Survey of Children's Exposure to Violence . JAMA Pediatrics 169 , 746 – 754 .
Fisher , HL , Moffitt , TE , Houts , RM , Belsky , DW , Arseneault , L , Caspi , A ( 2012 ). Bullying victimisation and risk of self harm in early adolescence: longitudinal cohort study. BMJ (Clinical Research ed.) 344, e2683 .
Geoffroy , MC , Boivin , M , Arseneault , L , Turecki , G , Vitaro , F , Brendgen , M , Renaud , J , Séguin , JR , Tremblay , RE , Côté , SM ( 2016 ). Associations between peer victimization and suicidal ideation and suicide attempt during adolescence: results from a prospective population-based birth cohort . Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry 55 , 99 – 105 .
Gilbert , R , Widom , CS , Browne , K , Fergusson , D , Webb , E , Janson , S ( 2009 ). Burden and consequences of child maltreatment in high-income countries . Lancet 373 , 68 – 81 .
Goodman , A , Joyce , R , Smith , JP ( 2011 ). The long shadow cast by childhood physical and mental problems on adult life . Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 108 , 6032 – 6037 .
Hawkes , D , Plewis , I ( 2006 ). Modelling non-response in the National Child Development Study . Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, Series A 169 , 479 – 491 .
Horwitz , S , Hoagwood , K , Stiffman , AR , Summerfeld , T , Weisz , JR , Costello , EJ , Rost , K , Bean , DL , Cottler , L , Leaf , PJ , Roper , M , Norquist , G ( 2001 ). Reliability of the services assessment for children and adolescents . Psychiatric Services (Washington, D.C.) 52 , 1088 – 1094 .
Hummel , S , Naylor , P , Chilcott , J , Guillaume , L , Wilkinson , A , Blank , L , Baxter , S , Goyder , E ( 2009 ). Cost-effectiveness of Universal Interventions Which Aim to Promote Emotional and Social Wellbeing in Secondary Schools . University of Sheffield : Sheffield .
Kim-Cohen , J , Caspi , A , Moffitt , TE , Harrington , H , Milne , BJ , Poulton , R ( 2003 ). Prior juvenile diagnoses in adults with mental disorder: developmental follow-back of a prospective-longitudinal cohort . Archives of General Psychiatry 60 , 709 – 717 .
Knapp , M , King , D , Healey , A , Thomas , C ( 2011 ). Economic outcomes in adulthood and their associations with antisocial conduct, attention deficit and anxiety problems in childhood . Journal of Mental Health Policy and Economics 14 , 137 – 147 .
Lereya , ST , Winsper , C , Heron , J , Lewis , G , Gunnell , D , Fisher , HL , Wolke , D ( 2013 ). Being bullied during childhood and the prospective pathways to self-harm in late adolescence . Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry 52 , 608 – 618 .e2.
Mojtabai , R ( 2010 ). Mental illness stigma and willingness to seek mental health care in the European Union . Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology 45 , 705 – 712 .
Odgers , CL , Jaffee , SR ( 2013 ). Routine versus catastrophic influences on the developing child . Annual Review of Public Health 34 , 29 – 48 .
Office of Population Censuses and Surveys (OPCS) ( 1980 ). Classification of Occupations . HMSO : London .
Patel , A , Rendu , A , Moran , P , Leese , M , Mann , A , Knapp , M ( 2005 ). A comparison of two methods of collecting economic data in primary care . Family Practice 22 , 323 – 327 .
Power , C , Elliott , J ( 2006 ). Cohort profile: 1958 British birth cohort (National Child Development Study) . International Journal of Epidemiology 35 , 34 – 41 .
Power , C , Thomas , C , Li , L , Hertzman , C ( 2012 ). Childhood psychosocial adversity and adult cortisol patterns . British Journal of Psychiatry: the Journal of Mental Science 201 , 199 – 206 .
Rosenman , S , Rodgers , B ( 2004 ). Childhood adversity in an Australian population . Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology 39 , 695 – 702 .
Shonkoff , JP , Boyce , WT , McEwen , BS ( 2009 ). Neuroscience, molecular biology, and the childhood roots of health disparities: building a new framework for health promotion and disease prevention . JAMA 301 , 2252 – 2259 .
Sourander , A , Gyllenberg , D , Brunstein , Klomek A , Sillanmäki , L , Ilola , AM , Kumpulainen , K ( 2016 ). Association of bullying behavior at 8 years of age and use of specialized services for psychiatric disorders by 29 years of age . JAMA Psychiatry 73 , 159 – 165 .
Sourander , A , Ronning , J , Brunstein Klomek , A , Gyllenberg , D , Kumpulainen , K , Niemelä , S , Helenius , H , Sillanmäki , L , Ristkari , T , Tamminen , T , Moilanen , I , Piha , J , Almqvist , F ( 2009 ). Childhood bullying behavior and later psychiatric hospital and psychopharmacologic treatment: findings from the Finnish 1981 Birth Cohort Study . Archives of General Psychiatry 66 , 1005 – 1012 .
Stiffman , AR , Pescosolido , B , Cabassa , LJ ( 2004 ). Building a model to understand youth service access: the gateway provider model . Mental Health Services Research 6 , 189 – 198 .
Stott , DH ( 1969 ). The Social Adjustment of Children . University of London Press : London .
Takizawa , R , Maughan , B , Arseneault , L ( 2014 ). Adult health outcomes of childhood bullying victimization: evidence from a five-decade longitudinal British birth cohort . American Journal of Psychiatry 171 , 777 – 784 .
van Dam , DS , van der Ven , E , Velfhorst , E , Selten , JP , Morgan , C , de Haan , L ( 2012 ). Childhood bullying and the association with psychosis in non-clinical and clinical samples: a review and meta-analysis . Psychological Medicine 42 , 2463 – 2474.
Via Mediaite. I take it the defense here will be that they weren't rooting for Obama, just grooving on a righteous zinger expertly dealt even though it was incorrect on the merits. But maybe I'm wrong; maybe there'll be no defense. The media's gotten more forthright about its biases and shortcomings over the past 10 years thanks to the endless watchdogging online, so there's no sense grasping for excuses. Why bother? Everyone knows the score. This isn't the first time reporters have been caught rooting publicly against a Republican, either. The Seattle Times gave bloggers a week of laughs five years ago when they admitted that some staff members had cheered Karl Rove's resignation; the editor reprimanded them for showing partisanship in a place as “sacred and magical” as the newsroom. A few days later, Joe Scarborough revealed that people in the MSNBC “newsroom” had booed Bush consistently through one of his SOTUs. When he told MSNBC prez Phil Griffin about it, Griffin supposedly “turned red very quickly” and put a stop to it. And that's how MSNBC became the sober, studiously nonpartisan investigative news team that you know today.
Speaking of Fox and last night's debate, it ended up being the highest-rated program in the network's history, slightly ahead of their audience for the Palin/Biden debate in 2008. Total television viewers according to Nielsen's preliminary estimate were 53.9 million, which is predictably way off the pace of the first and second debates. Too much competition last night with the NLCS and “Monday Night Football” and likely not enough interest in foreign policy. It may also be that low-information voters decided they didn't need a third look at Romney. He killed in the first debate and was perfectly acceptable in the second, so he'd already cleared the bar of viability. And he knew it, which is why he was playing prevent defense.
Amber Heard is ready to go under the sea for Justice League.
First reported as in negotiations for the role of Mera in the superhero film back in January, Heard discussed her part and costume in a new interview with Entertainment Tonight.
“It's interesting. I'm wearing, like, half suit of armor, half scales. It's strange,” Heard said of the character's outfit. “But we're in the process of building it now. It's coming along.”
Directed by Zack Snyder, Justice League Part One is due in theaters next year. As previously reported by EW, the two-part blockbuster will begin filming on April 11 of this year, and stars Ben Affleck as Batman, Henry Cavill as Superman, Ezra Miller as The Flash, Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman, Ray Fisher as Cyborg, and Jason Momoa as Aquaman, who eventually becomes Mera's husband.
RELATED: Super Stars! See Celebs Dressed Like Superheroes
“It was a little bit of an ‘about time' moment, and I don't blame [the studio] for feeling that way, because it's a long time coming,” Snyder said of the forthcoming blockbuster, which brings together DC Comics' biggest heroes. “But I do feel like it's a little bit of a creative hurdle. It seems like an easy thing to do at first glance, the idea that, ‘Oh, we just get the rest of the superheroes in there.' But you have to [establish] a world where they can exist.”
Snyder first began establishing that world with Man of Steel, but will blow things out in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, which arrives in theaters next week.
After appearing in Justice League Part One, Heard will also join Momoa in a standalone Aquaman film, directed by James Wan (Furious 7) and set for release on July 27, 2018.
Access Syllabi and CVs Below you can search for Undergraduate Course Syllabi and Instructor of Record Curriculum Vitae for undergraduate courses offered atThe University of Texas at Austin. Searches can be performed using one or more of the search terms. Where free entry of search terms is available, partial entries will be accepted. For example, searching for "Design" in the Course Title term will find not only the course with the title of "URBAN DESIGN PRACTICE" but also a course titled "DESIGN DECISIONS".
Once you have entered your search terms, click on the "Search" button to perform the search. If courses are found, they will be presented in a list where you may choose to view the course syllabus or the instructor's Curriculum Vitae by clicking on the appropriate link provided.
NOTE: Syllabi and Instructor CVs become available via this search page as they are added to the database by faculty and departments.
Please enter search terms below.
Image copyright Stratfor/Landsat Image caption The satellite image dates from 28 December
Satellite imagery appearing to show the US expanding a formerly disused air strip in Kurdish-controlled northern Syria has been seen by the BBC.
The images, from the security analysts Stratfor, show a runway near the town of Rmeilan being extended from 700m (half a mile) to 1.3km.
That would make it more suitable for a larger aircraft such as a Hercules.
A spokesman for the US Department of Defence said its small team in Syria needed "occasional logistical support".
Kurdish and other rebel forces are fighting against the so-called Islamic State in that part of Syria.
Battle for Iraq and Syria in maps
Where key countries stand
What is 'Islamic State'?
Rumours of US military activity in the area have been circulating for weeks, Stratfor says.
Rmeilan is in Hassakeh province in north-east Syria. In October the US dropped supply pallets containing more than 45 tonnes of ammunition to rebels in the province.
Murad Batal Shishani, BBC Islamic Groups analyst
The imagery appears to confirm growing rumours over the past couple of days about the presence of a runway.
This development could signify a new approach by the Americans in support of their Kurdish allies in the war against the so-called Islamic State.
But it could trigger an angry reaction from major US ally Turkey - which has long been worried about Kurdish ambitions on its southern border.
Also, the runway's closeness to Iraq's second largest city, Mosul - currently under IS control - suggests that efforts to retake the city are at stake. It seems Kurds will be on the front lines, fighting for their historical ambition of a Kurdish state.
Access to a longer runway would facilitate US deliveries of weapons to rebel forces in the area instead of depending on airdrops.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Kurdish-led forces took control of parts of Hassakeh province in November
A US-led coalition of Western and Middle Eastern countries began air strikes against IS in Iraq in August 2014 and in Syria a month later.
Turkey has allowed the US to use its Incirlik airbase, in the south of the country, near north-west Syria.
Russia began carrying out its own air strikes in Syria in September 2015 after a request from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
He has clung on to power despite more than four years of civil war. Russia has an air base at Latakia, in western Syria.
Image caption Burnswark is a clearly visible landmark in Dumfries and Galloway
There's growing evidence that a landmark flat-topped hill in Dumfriesshire was the site of the first major battle of the Roman invasion of Scotland.
Archaeologists have been trying for 300 years to assess the role of Burnswark in the Roman occupation.
New excavations suggest the truth is more bloody than had been thought up to now.
Burnswark rises a thousand feet from the Solway plain and is clearly visible from miles around.
On its summit the remains of a native hill fort. On the north and south slopes, two huge Roman camps capable of housing 6,000 soldiers or more. But what went on here?
One theory is that the Romans used the abandoned fort to train their men in weaponry - an early firing range. Another suggests that the fort was still occupied by local tribespeople and came under prolonged siege to starve them out.
Image caption Archaeologists have been assessing the role of the south of Scotland site
But new evidence points to a third - much bloodier - version of events.
Lead archaeologist Andrew Nicholson believes it was the first assault in the Roman invasion of Scotland around 140 AD.
"What this probably is, is the start of the Antonine push from Hadrian's Wall, conquering all of southern Scotland," he said.
"After the emperor Hadrian has died the new emperor Antoninus Pius needs a victory as the incoming emperor.
"Southern Scotland is beyond the wall, beyond the borders, it is barbarian and Burnswark and the rest of Annandale and everywhere south of the Forth-Clyde line is its intended target."
A two-week dig last summer is being following by another now.
I would suspect that probably nobody survived this and the Roman army moved on into the rest of Scotland John Reid, Trimontium Trust
Using metal detectors it has been found that massive amounts of lead-shot were fired at the fort - and not in a way indicating target practice.
More evidence is the known presence of a general Lollius Urbicus brought here from the Middle East to do the emperor's dirty work.
John Reid of the Roman Heritage group the Trimontium Trust says Urbicus had "previous".
"He made his name in the Jewish war which had taken place in Israel in the previous four years where they had literally gone through the whole of Judea taking hill forts one after the other," he said.
"He was given the job of taking Scotland, we know that from Roman literary sources.
"So he was here and this is where they blood their troops."
It seems very clear they meant business. Many of the lead bullets found at Burnswark have identical 4mm holes in them which, initially, was a mystery.
John Reid went to Germany to consult an expert in sling shot ballistics, Joerg Sprave.
Image caption The holes in the bullets found at Burnswark were initially a mystery
And the effect of the hole became obvious when replicas were made and fired.
"You'd hear this screeching noise that you've never heard before or experienced before in your life," explained Mr Nicholson.
"What sort of unearthly spirits are these dreadful Romans conjuring up to assail you with amongst all their missiles?
"I hear this keening sound through the air and the chap with the spear next to me drops dead and I wonder what on earth is doing it. I'd be utterly terrified."
So, the personnel involved and the quantity and type of slingshot used suggests complete overkill against a weaker, poorly-armed enemy.
"The Romans were well recognised for what is called exemplary violence," said Mr Reid.
"These people literally did suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.
"This literally is a site where people suffered an attrition to the very end and I would suspect that probably nobody survived this and the Roman army moved on into the rest of Scotland."
More work will be required to prove this new theory definitively and that's planned in the years ahead.
But those involved here are confident that - in police slang - they've got the Romans bang to rights.
In his estimable compendium, “For The Love of Hops: The Practical Guide to Aroma, Bitterness and the Culture of Hops” (Brewers Publications, $19.95), Stan Hieronymus lays out the history and science of the complex, aromatic flower of the twining vine known as Humulus lupulus.
As it turns out, the genus Humulus likely originated in Mongolia at least 6 million years ago, though the cultivation of hops for brewing can only be dated to between the sixth and ninth centuries, according to Hieronymus.
Fast forward to the 1970s, when California craft brewing pioneers such as Fritz Maytag of Anchor and Ken Grossman of Sierra Nevada made hops a major focus of American craft beer.
Today heavily hopped, American-style IPA, once the fixation of hop heads and beer geeks, has gone mainstream as the top-selling craft beer style. Its bigger, bolder cousin, Double IPA, comes in second. And so-called Session IPA, with lower alcohol content but plenty of hop power, is third.
Though there still many beer drinkers who are bothered by hop bitterness, flowery hop aromas and strong hop flavors are what make IPAs so appealing. The style is further enhanced by the floral, fruity, citrusy, piney and resinous character of American hop varieties.
Here are four recent examples of the American IPA style to try now:
The Calling Imperial India Pale Ale, Boulevard Brewing Co. — Boulevard describes this new year-round offering as its “most heavily hopped beer ever, bursting forth with unmistakable tropical fruit and pine hop aromas and flavor supported with a slightly sweet malt character, tapering to a crisp, dry finish.” It features a blend of eight hop varieties, including Mosaic, Equinox, Galaxy and Amarillo.
Tropicália American IPA, Creature Comforts Brewing Co. — Now available in cans in Atlanta, Creature Comforts describes its best-selling Athens-brewed IPA as “balanced, soft, and juicy,” as “ripe passion fruit and citrus hop aroma lead to a full, fruit-forward hop flavor that washes over the palate, ending with subtle bitterness.” Right now, it's the highest rated year-round beer from a Georgia brewery on the Beer Advocate website.
Hop Hash Double IPA, Sweetwater Brewing Co. — Brewed with bricks of pure hop lupulin, a highly concentrated form of hop resin, Sweetwater describes its creation as “the dankest double IPA out there. The pure hop lupulin, aka “hash” (the resiny stuff), meshes seamlessly with the two-row, pilsner and wheat malts, allowing it to deliver a pungent punch to the palate.” On shelves since late 2014, it's already a big seller.
Hop Selection Double IPA, Terrapin Beer Co. — Terrapin describes its new seasonal series as “a celebration of our favorite hop from the current harvest.” Ella, the hop used in the inaugural edition is an Australian variety with “an interesting aroma of spicy hoppiness backed with softer floral notes and a touch of anise, which is a contrast to the big citrus/tropical fruit and pine notes of many modern hops used in American craft beers.”
The teen told BuzzFeed News she is hoping to go to college next year to study sociology.
Recently, Cat put up a pretty innocent photo on Snapchat about new headphones she'd gotten. One of her followers sent her a sexual response in reply.
Recently, Cat put up a pretty innocent photo on Snapchat about new headphones she'd gotten. One of her followers sent her a sexual response in reply.
"You're wearing those and nothing else, that would be heaven," the person wrote.
Cat said that the person wasn't someone she knew, but was someone who randomly started following her.
"I saw the message and couldn't help but thinking of how it seemed impossible as a young girl on the internet to share anything without running the risk of having someone message you inappropriate things," she said.
She added: "I was amused that a photo I had considered to be innocent with no kind of sexual connotations still managed to garner unwarranted comments. I [was] also annoyed because it seemed that as a young woman on the internet, you really can't escape casual sexual harassment."
Genesis 11:1-9 New International Version (NIV)
The Tower of Babel
11 Now the whole world had one language and a common speech. 2 As people moved eastward, they found a plain in Shinar and settled there.
3 They said to each other, “Come, let's make bricks and bake them thoroughly.” They used brick instead of stone, and tar for mortar. 4 Then they said, “Come, let us build ourselves a city, with a tower that reaches to the heavens, so that we may make a name for ourselves; otherwise we will be scattered over the face of the whole earth.”
5 But the Lord came down to see the city and the tower the people were building. 6 The Lord said, “If as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this, then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them. 7 Come, let us go down and confuse their language so they will not understand each other.”
8 So the Lord scattered them from there over all the earth, and they stopped building the city. 9 That is why it was called Babel—because there the Lord confused the language of the whole world. From there the Lord scattered them over the face of the whole earth.
For U.S. food and beverage companies, life isn't as sweet as they would like.
The industry-backed Coalition for Sugar Reform argues that a trade deal the U.S. announced last week with Mexico will drive up sugar costs for candy makers and others, which are already among the world's highest, and that it will cost U.S. consumers an estimated $1 billion per year.
High U.S. sugar prices have caused confectioners such a Hershey (HSY) and smaller family-owned businesses such as Atkinson Candy to shift production to lower-cost countries such as Mexico in recent years.
Eric Atkinson, head of Atkinson Candy, resisted pressure from his father, Basil Eric Atkinson Jr., to move the company's manufacturing to Costa Rica in the 1990s. However, Atkinson Candy, best known for its Chick-O-Stick bars, decided to set up a satellite facility in Guatemala that now accounts for roughly 10 percent of its sales.
Did sugar industry play down health hazards for decades?
"The food and beverage manufacturers would like changes in the sugar support program that make it less restrictive [for them]," said economist Tom Earley of the consulting firm Agralytica. "There was a provision added to the 2008 and 2014 Farm Bills that limits the Secretary of Agriculture's ability to adjust a number of imports until halfway through the marketing year (which corresponds to the fiscal year). Basically, we go through half the year without enough sugar in the system and uncertainty about how much sugar is going to be imported."
Sugar subsidies, which cost taxpayers nearly $2 billion, have been controversial for decades. Conservative groups such as The Heritage Foundation and Americans for Tax Reform have called for their abolishment. Other economists have denounced the subsidies as a wasteful form of corporate welfare. However, they enjoy plenty of support in Congress and have for years.
Beverage industry blames new sugar tax for lost jobs in Philly
U.S. sugar producers filed complaints with the U.S. Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission in 2014, accusing Mexican producers of dumping illegally subsidized sugar on the U.S. market. The ITC ruled in favor of the U.S. industry a year later.
Under terms of the agreement worked out last week between the U.S. and Mexico, Mexican prices for raw sugar and refined sugar will rise. The U.S. also reduced the percentage of refined sugar that may be imported and increased the amount of raw sugar available to U.S. refiners.
U.S. producers balked at the agreement, claiming it contained a loophole that would allow Mexican producers to continue dumping their product.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross expressed confidence that the government could address industry concerns as the agreement gets finalized. The American Sugar Alliance, which represents producers and farmers, raised objections to the deal, which it said needed to clarify that the U.S. Agriculture Department and not Mexico has the power to determine the type and purity level of sugar imports.
"We oppose it because it's leading to U.S. factory closures and job loss," said Phillip Hayes, an ASA spokesman.
The alliance claims that unfair competition from Mexico has "already cost U.S. sugar farmers and producers more than $4 billion in losses and are jeopardizing 142,000 jobs in 22 states."
--The Associated Press contributed to this report.
PHOENIX -- A person with knowledge of the negotiations says free agent left-hander Hideki Okajima has reached agreement on a minor league contract with the Oakland Athletics, the Associated Press reports.
The deal is pending a physical, which could take place as soon as Tuesday. The person spoke Monday on condition of anonymity because the team had not announced the agreement.
Okajima spent 2007-11 with the Boston Red Sox, then signed a minor league deal with the New York Yankees and was released at the start of spring training when he failed a physical.
The 37-year-old was 1-0 with a 4.32 ERA in 8 1/3 innings over seven relief appearances for Boston in 2011 and 8-1 with a 2.29 ERA in 34 relief appearances with Triple-A Pawtucket. An All-Star as a rookie in 2007, he is 17-8 with a 3.11 ERA and six saves.
Oakland manager Bob Melvin declined to discuss Okajima on Monday.
The San Francisco Chronicle earlier reported the pending deal.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Like you must know, Java is the default programming language to make applications on Android. However, Java is not always the best solution for making fast apps, especially if you want to make games. A lot of games' engines are made directly with C/C++. To let developers make optimized part of codes in C/C++, Google offers the Android Native Development Kit (NDK). The NDK allows developers to write code in C/C++ that compiles to native code. With the NDK, you can make games with better performance on Android devices. In that tutorial, you're going to learn how to create your first JNI application written in C/C++ on Android with NDK.
1/ Create an Android application
First step is to create a classic Android application on Android Studio. Once your Android project is created, you need to configure Android Studio to download NDK. Go on Menu “Tools” > “Android” > “SDK Manager”, then select the tab “SDK Tools” and check “Android NDK” if it is not checked. Now, Android Studio is going to download the NDK.
2/ Add JNI Build Compatibility to your Android project
Second step is to configure your project to add JNI Build Compatibility. Go on the following URL : http://jcenter.bintray.com/com/android/tools/build/gradle-experimental and find the latest gradle-experimental plugin version. In your Gradle build file, you have to replace the gradle plugin :
classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:2.1.0'
with the latest gradle-experimental plugin :
classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle-experimental:0.7.2'
Change to the latest gradle version in your Android project. Select Android Studio “Project” pane, “Gradle Scripts” > “gradle-wrapper.properties (Gradle Version)” and set the following line :
distributionUrl=https\://services.gradle.org/distributions/gradle-2.10-all.zip
Finally, you can finish the configuration by changing your build.gradle file with the following content :
apply plugin: 'com.android.model.application' model { android { compileSdkVersion 23 buildToolsVersion "23.0.3" defaultConfig { applicationId "com.ssaurel.hellojni" minSdkVersion.apiLevel 22 targetSdkVersion.apiLevel 23 versionCode 1 versionName "1.0" } buildTypes { release { minifyEnabled false proguardFiles.add(file('proguard-android.txt')) } } } }
3/ Add some JNI Code in your Android Project
Before adding JNI Code in your Android Project, you need to check your NDK Path. Select the menu “File” > “Project Structure” > “SDK Location”. If “Android NDK Location” is not set yet, you have to set your NDK Location.
As we want to use a hello-jni shared lib, we need to configure the build.gradle file of our module by adding the following block under the “buildTypes” block :
ndk { moduleName "hello-jni" }
In your Android App's MainActivity.java, add your JNI function getMsgFromJni() and System.loadLibrary() call to the end :
// end of the class … static { System.loadLibrary("hello-jni"); } public native String getMsgFromJni(); } // class MainActivity
Build your project on Android Studio and check all is good after this third step.
4/ Generate C/C++ prototype function for the JNI function
Now, you can generate the C/C++ prototype function for the JNI function getMsgFromJni(). In your MainActivity.java file, the method is highlighted with red because Android Studio could not find its implementation. So, you need to generate its implementation. Select function “getMsgFromJni()” and wait for context aware menu prompt to appear. Click on the red light to bring up the popup menu. Select the following item :
“Create Function Java_com_google_example_helloandroidjni_MainActivity_getMsgFromJni”.
Android Studio has created a prototype function for getMsgFromJNI() in hello-jni.c file under the “jni” folder. The file has the following content :
#include <jni.h> JNIEXPORT jstring JNICALL Java_com_google_sample_helloandroidjni_MainActivity_getMsgFromJni(JNIEnv *env, jobject instance) { // Put your code here 🙂 return (*env)->NewStringUTF(env, "Hello From JNI"); }
5/ Use your JNI Code in your Android application
Now, you can use your JNI Code in your Android application. Imagine you have an Activity with a TextView. In your MainActivity.java file, you can display the message sent from the JNI shared library like that :
((TextView) findViewById(R.id.msgView)).setText(getMsgFromJni());
Launch your Android application and you should see the following result :
That's all for your first JNI application on Android with NDK. Like you imagine, Android NDK is a very powerful library that gives to engine creators a great way to create optimized products to offer to users better experience when they play games on Android devices for example. With some practice, it becomes possible to make native use of OpenGL without too many problems. Give it a try !
Finland and Estonia are among the best countries in the EU for education, according to new rankings by the OECD.
Singapore was rated the global leader in the PISA tests, a benchmark for comparing 15-year-old's skills in key areas like science, mathematics and reading.
Estonia was the EU's best for science, at number three in the overall rankings, behind Japan and
Singapore which topped the table. Finland came in at fifth place.
The Programme for International Student Assessment is “an international survey which aims to evaluate education systems worldwide by testing the skills and knowledge of 15-year-old students”.
The exercise is carried out every three years to determine trends. The newly-released survey brings together data from 2015 when over half a million students in 72 countries and economies were tested.
Estonia and Finland are also among the EU's top five countries for mathematics, alongside The Netherlands, Denmark and Slovenia.
Here too, though, they lag behind Japan, China and notably Singapore, which again tops the list.
For reading, Finland was the EU's best, at fourth place in the table, followed by Ireland and Estonia.
No prizes for guessing who came out on top. Yes, Singapore did it again!
Watch replay: global presentation of PISA results
Elsewhere in the PISA rankings:
Montenegro recorded the highest truancy rate of the countries assessed, with 59.6 percent of students admitting they had skipped school in the two weeks prior to the PISA test. Italy had the second highest rate with 55.2 percent
PISA has consistently found that, across all countries and economies, girls outperform boys in reading. However, between 2009 and 2015, the gap narrowed by 12 points on average, a result of boys improving and girls deteriorating.
Boys tend to score higher than girls in mathematics, but in nine countries and economies, girls outperform boys, including Finland, Albania and Georgia.
Explore the data: PISA results 2015
Click on the arrows to the right of the logos to explore the data.
Could do Better
The PISA survey is produced by the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development). And not all of the findings are to its liking.
“A decade of scientific breakthroughs has failed to translate into breakthroughs in science performance in schools,” said OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurría, launching the report in London.
The body reports that: “While spending per student in primary and secondary education increased by almost 20% since 2006 in OECD countries alone, only 12 of the 72 countries and economies assessed in PISA have seen their science performance improve over this period.”
Despite a 20% increase in spending per student, only 12 countries improved #science performance in #OECDPISA, see https://t.co/UCiVNcCxANpic.twitter.com/WaH15Ckfvv — OECD (@OECD) 6 décembre 2016
For Gurría, reflecting on a time of “rising inequalities”, the stakes are high.
“High-quality education is the single greatest tool for empowering people and improving their opportunities and outcomes,” he said.
Achieving greater equity in education is not only a social justice imperative, it also fuels economic growth @A_Gurria#OECDPISA#SDG4pic.twitter.com/bEuW4pX3q2 — OECD Education (@OECDEduSkills) 6 décembre 2016
The survey also finds that: “Poorer students are 3 times more likely to be low performers than wealthier students, and immigrant students are more than twice as likely as non-immigrants to be low achievers.”
For EU Education Commissioner Tibor Navracsics that is also cause for concern.
You know when you drink alcohol to crazy excess how you want to smash skyscrapers, unbuild bridges, chew on trains and melt military vehicles with your breath? Now you can with Godzilla™ wine! In a slick marketing move to “expand the brand,” Toho, owners of Godzilla's name, likeness and earning potential, have issued a limited edition velvety red cabernet that when consumed in great quantities, gives you the attitude, if not strength, of a giant monster born of the Atom Age. Question: Why did it take so long to do this?
Actually, Godzilla wine made a brief debut back in 2002 when Adler Fels Winery in California's screaming citizen-filled Napa Valley produced a boldly austere Cabernet Sauvignon called Cabzilla. The label featured Godzilla waving around a glass of goofy grape and looking all happy and rosy cheeked. Not cool. First, Godzilla is clearly a beer 'n Jagermeister kind of guy. (Don't believe me? Who doesn't go on city-wide rampages after drinking multiple shots of that horribly delicious retard juice?) Secondly, Godzilla's lawyers are far more destructive than the beast they represent. These guys legally forced the winery to pour out ALL the remaining stock. And broke artists/poets/street bums everywhere screamed in anguish.
So where can you pick up a case of this officially licensed sippy booze? Japan, duh. (If you go there, bring me back some. I don't drink wine because wine sucks, but I want the bottle to put shampoo in.) Each 750ml container will set you back 4,800 yen, or just under $55 radioactive fins. Seems kinda pricey. Then again, I throw a fit when a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon™ gets above $4.50 a case at Costco™.
You can order it online HERE, or Facebook with some “friend” in Japan Land and get them to send you a bottle. You know, for the betterment of foreign relations and such.
While Godzilla wine pairs nicely with a side of crumbled buildings, what we really need is beer made by Godzilla. There is no roof on the possibilities and/or ramifications of getting butt-faced on a case of Godzilla beer. C'mon, Toho — don't make me beg.
Like this: Like Loading... Related
WASHINGTON ― Less than a day after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said the Senate will vote to repeal Obamacare without providing a replacement, his plan is dead.
Three Republicans announced Tuesday that they won't vote for a procedural step to take up the bill ― and that's all it takes to kill it. Those senators are Susan Collins (Maine), Lisa Murkowski (Alaska) and Shelley Moore Capito (W.Va.). Sen. Rob Portman (Ohio) also raised concerns about a repeal-only plan increasing uncertainty in the marketplace and leading to higher premiums and deductibles.
McConnell has now failed three times in the last month to pass a bill to gut Obamacare, otherwise known as the Affordable Care Act, something Republicans have vowed to do for seven years. The crux of the problem: Moderate Republicans want to keep key pieces of the law in place and aren't comfortable throwing millions of people off health care, while conservative Republicans want to throw out the whole law. There's not a lot of middle ground. Democrats have been cut out of negotiations entirely.
President Donald Trump, who's been pressuring Republicans to hurry up and pass a “beautiful” repeal bill, saw the writing on the wall Tuesday and distanced himself from McConnell's mess.
“Let Obamacare fail,” Trump said, per The Associated Press. “I'm not going to own it.”
Meanwhile, Senate Republicans developed the ability to walk faster than ever before without replying to reporters' questions on Tuesday.
Sen. John Barrasso (R-Wyo.), who is in GOP leadership, had no response when asked what happens next if his party can't pass the repeal bill.
Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) managed to spit out one word: “Prayer.”
Asked what the latest failure to repeal Obamacare says about his party's ability to govern, since the GOP controls the government and has been promising to repeal the health care law for years, Roberts said only, “Not much.”
McConnell is still planning to hold the procedural vote on the repeal bill and said on Tuesday evening it would take place early next week, even though he doesn't have the votes to move it forward. Such a vote would put Republicans on record on the issue.
From there, it's unclear what he plans to do next. After months of defeat on Obamacare repeal, McConnell may simply prefer to vote, let it fail, and move on to other agenda items like tax reform or budget matters.
“We have demonstrated that Republicans, by themselves, are not prepared at this particular point to do a replacement,” the GOP leader bluntly conceded to reporters on Tuesday afternoon.
Asked how he'll justify failing to repeal Obamacare to voters, McConnell replied, “Well, we have a new Supreme Court justice,” referring to how Republicans denied a Supreme Court seat to President Barack Obama's pick, Merrick Garland, all last year in order to let Trump fill the seat this year.
Republicans still have ideas for how to get something done on health care. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) wants a vote on his bill to turn all of the estimated $110 billion federal dollars spent on Obamacare into block grants to the states. Murkowski, who seemed liberated after announcing her opposition to the latest GOP proposal, told reporters it's time to bring Democrats and Republicans together to fix problems with the health care law.
“Yes, this is hard,” she said. “What I think has to happen is the Republicans have to admit that some of the things in the ACA we actually liked and the Democrats have to admit that some things they voted for in the ACA are broken and need to be fixed. And we need to take it up in open committee, offer amendments, try to build a consensus product and do it in a way that the public feels that we are really working towards their interest.”
Collins echoed Murkowski's strategy.
“What I've recommended is that the [health] committee hold hearings, that we look at doing a bipartisan bill,” she told reporters. “I think that would be most effective.”
Democrats wandered the halls, meanwhile, with a little spring in their step.
“I'm feeling great,” said Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.). “It was very clear that this was one of the most disastrous pieces of legislation brought forth in modern history. The American people didn't want it … Now our job is to go forward and to create health care for all people, as a right.”
Igor Bobic contributed reporting.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this story misidentified Sen. John Thune as a senator for North Dakota.
CBS is developing a comedy from Blake Anderson and David Hornsby, with both attached to star if the project moves forward.
The currently untitled single camera comedy would follow a high-strung father (Hornsby) who must deal with a new family dynamic when his ex-wife marries a younger, free-spirited dude (Anderson) who becomes the stepdad to his children. Anderson and Hornsby wrote the project and will also serve as executive producers. CBS Television Studios will produce.
Hornsby is well known to comedy fans for his role as Matthew “Rickety Cricket” Mara on the FXX series “It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia,” on which he has also served as a writer and executive producer. He also starred in and created the comedy series “How to Be a Gentleman” opposite Kevin Dillon as well as co-created and lent his voice to the FX animated series “Unsupervised.” He is also set to recur in the upcoming NBC drama “Good Girls.”
Anderson is best known for his work on the Comedy Central series “Workaholics,” which he co-created and starred in with his friends Adam Devine and Anders Holm along with Adam Newachek, Connor Pritchard, and Dominic Russo. His other acting credits include “The Big Bang Theory,” “Parks and Recreation,” “Arrested Development,” and the feature film “Dope.”
Anderson is repped by WME, Avalon Management, Inc, and Morris Yorn Barnes. Hornsby is repped by WME and Rise Management.
" Heil dir im Siegerkranz " Imperial anthem of the German Empire Lyrics Heinrich Harries, 1790 Music Unknown composer (uses the melody of "God Save the King") Audio sample "Heil dir im Siegerkranz" file
help
"Heil dir im Siegerkranz" (German for "Hail to Thee in the Victor's Crown", literally: "Hail to You in a Victor's Wreath") was the unofficial national anthem of the German Empire from 1871 to 1918.
Before the foundation of the Empire, it had been the royal anthem of Prussia since 1795 and remained it after 1871. The melody of the hymn derived from the British anthem "God Save the King". For these reasons, the song failed to become popular within all of Germany. Not only did it fail to win the support of most German nationalists, it was never recognized by the southern German states, such as Bavaria or Württemberg.[3] After World War I, the German Empire came to an end and "Das Lied der Deutschen" became the national anthem of the Weimar Republic.[4]
Lyrics [ edit ]
Heinrich Harries wrote the lyrics in 1790 in honour of King Christian VII of Denmark, and the line "Heil, Kaiser, dir" originally read "Heil, Christian, dir". In 1793, Harries' text was adapted by Balthasar Gerhard Schumacher for use in Prussia. Schumacher shortened Harries' text and replaced the word Christian with the word König (king). After the proclamation of the German Empire, the word König was replaced by Kaiser (emperor).
1. Heil dir im Siegerkranz,
Herrscher des Vaterlands!
Heil, Kaiser, dir!
|: Fühl in des Thrones Glanz
Die hohe Wonne ganz,
Liebling des Volks zu sein!
Heil Kaiser, dir! :| Hail to thee in the victor's Crown,
Ruler of the fatherland!
Hail to thee, emperor!
|: Feel the splendor of the throne
Filled with the greatest joy
To be the favorite of the people!
Hail to thee, emperor! :| 2. Nicht Ross nicht Reisige
Sichern die steile Höh',
Wo Fürsten steh'n:
|: Liebe des Vaterlands,
Liebe des freien Manns
Gründen den Herrscher Thron
Wie Fels im Meer. :| Neither steed nor the knight
Can secure the towering height,
Where princes stand:
|:The Love of the fatherland,
The Love of the free man,
Found the sovereign's throne
Like a rock in the sea. :| 3. Heilige Flamme, glüh',
Glüh' und erlösche nie
Fürs Vaterland!
|: Wir alle stehen dann
Mutig für einen Mann,
Kämpfen und bluten gern
Für Thron und Reich! :| Holy flame, glow,
Glow and never go out
For the fatherland!
|:We will all stand together
Courageous for one man
Fight and bleed with joy
For throne and empire! :| 4. Handlung und Wissenschaft
Hebe mit Mut und Kraft
Ihr Haupt empor!
|: Krieger und Heldenthat
Finde ihr Lorbeerblatt
Treu aufgehoben dort,
An deinem Thron! :| Trade and sciences
Improving with courage and strength
All for you!
|: Warriors' and heroes' deeds
May find their laurels of fame
Faithfully preserved
At your throne! :| 5. Sei, Kaiser Wilhelm, hier
Lang deines Volkes Zier,
Der Menschheit Stolz!
|: Fühl in des Thrones Glanz,
Die hohe Wonne ganz,
Liebling des Volks zu sein!
Heil, Kaiser, dir! :|[6] Our emperor Wilhelm is here
You are our people's glory
The pride of mankind!
|: Feel the splendor of the throne
Filled with the greatest joy
You are the favorite of the People!
Hail to thee, emperor! :|
These lyrics were used for the reign of Kaiser Wilhelm II, German Emperor and King of Prussia. One of the jokes at the time was that the song's title be changed to "Heil Dir im Sonderzug" ("Hail to Thee in Thy Royal Train"), owing to the Kaiser's frequent travels.
Other hymns [ edit ]
"Die Wacht am Rhein" ("The Watch on the Rhine") was also a patriotic hymn so popular that it was often regarded as an unofficial national anthem.[7]
In the Kingdom of Bavaria, the official hymn was "Bayerische Königshymne" ("Heil unserm König, Heil!"), also sung to the melody of "God Save the King". Likewise, Liechtenstein has "Oben am jungen Rhein" (1920), sung to the same melody. In the Kingdom of Hanover, which was in personal union with the United Kingdom until 1837, the hymn "Heil dir, Hannover" was sung to the same melody. "Heil dir, Hannover" was replaced by "Heil dir im Siegerkranz" when Prussia annexed Hanover in 1866.
The Hawaiian anthem Hawaiʻi Ponoʻī composed by the Prussian Kapellmeister Henri Berger is a variation of the melody.[8]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
Sources
Fischer, Michael; Senkel, Christian (2010). Klaus Tanner, ed. Reichsgründung 1871: Ereignis, Beschreibung, Inszenierung. Münster: Waxmann Verlag.
In a horrific incident, a woman's eyes were gouged out and her feet cut off by her brothers in Pakistan's Punjab province after they suspected her of kidnapping one of their daughters.
The incident took place on Tuesday in Muzaffarghar, 400 km from Lahore, when the two men allegedly abducted their sister and gouged out her eyes with a sharp knife and cut off her feet, police said.
The woman has been shifted to Nishtar Hospital in Multan where her condition is said to be critical.
Police said one of the brothers had earlier registered an FIR against the woman, who is in her 40s, for allegedly kidnapping his daughter.
The victim's daughter told the Express Tribune that her uncle along with one of his brothers committed the heinous crime to take revenge on her mother for the disappearance of his daughter.
Police said a case has been registered against the accused but no arrests have been made so far.
First Published: Nov 03, 2016 09:58 IST
Iberdrola energy production increases
October 8, 2010 at 12:48 pm
Iberdrola produced a record amount of energy during January-September 2010, approximately 18,000 gigawatt hours (GWh), representing an increase of 20.2% over the first half of 2009, as the company reported to the National Securities Market Commission (CNMV) .
The main energy source were wind farms, with an increase in production of 24.9%, which reached 17,400 GWh. The rest of the energy was produced by hidro-electric energy, namely 645 Gwh.
Wind farms produced the most energy in Spain, approximately 7 500 GWh, while those located in the US produced 7430 GWh. Both countries registered an increase in energy, while UK Iberdrola wind farms reported a decrease of 22.6% in production.
Iberdrola is the second largest alternative energy operator in the United States and the company has stated that the increase in production is due mainly to the favorable legislation and governmental aid.
Source: ejecutivos.es
Photo source: renewbl.com
Advertisements
Entry filed under: Alternative energy, Economy, News. Tags: alternative energy, energy, iberdrola, increase, production, report, wind energy, wind farm.
The ground has never been more fertile for a change to our nation's failed drug policies. We are seeing a broader questioning of America's drug policy that fills our prisons and empties our coffers, that severely punishes the use of certain drugs but tolerates, regulates, taxes and even subsidizes others.
In the late 1980s, media hysteria about drugs played a large part in the passage of draconian laws that turned the U.S. into the world's leading jailer. In 1989, the proportion of Americans polled who saw drug abuse as the nation's "number one problem" reached a remarkable 64 percent -- one of the most intense fixations by the American public on any issue in polling history. Within less than a year, however, the figure plummeted to less than 10 percent, as the media lost interest. The draconian policies enacted 25 years ago remain, however, and continue to result in catastrophic levels of arrests and incarceration.
Media coverage of drugs and drug policy has grown much more sophisticated in the past quarter-century. Yet many journalists -- even some of the most well-meaning ones -- still often use inaccurate, offensive, or just plain absurd language that would be considered unthinkable when covering any other issue.
Last year, the Associated Press made waves when it announced that it would no longer use the term "illegal immigrant". This fits with the AP's and other outlets' efforts to cast aside labeling terms that define people by a single behavior or condition -- and to instead use terms that humanize the people they are writing about.
In that spirit, here are five ideas for how members of the media can help improve the public's understanding of drugs, people who use drugs, and drug policy:
1. People Who Want to Reform Marijuana Laws Are Mostly Not "Pro-Marijuana"
55 percent of Americans want marijuana legalization -- and polls have recently found majority support in not just the places you'd expect but even in states like Florida, Texas, Indiana, Ohio and Louisiana.
Yet the media still often refers to people who are in favor of marijuana law reform as "pro-marijuana". Just because someone supports reforming marijuana laws doesn't mean that they encourage its use or have even tried it themselves. Most people are primarily concerned about the tax dollars and human potential squandered by arresting 750,000 people in the U.S. every year for marijuana.
And besides, contrary to conventional wisdom, reform would not necessarily lead to increased marijuana use. The U.S. has some of the highest rates of marijuana use, despite some of the harshest marijuana laws -- while the Netherlands, which effectively decriminalized marijuana decades ago, has consistently much lower rates. And study after study has found that marijuana use has not increased in U.S. states that legalized medical marijuana.
2. Not Funny: Predictable Puns and Cheesy Stoner Images
I can't tell you how many hundreds of times I've come across an otherwise serious news article about, say, the 20 million Americans who have been arrested for marijuana possession -- only to feel sick to my stomach when I notice the frivolous pun-filled headline. What other serious human rights, public health, or racial justice issue do we treat this way?
(The Washington Post's Jamie Fuller recently called out pun-addicted headline writers in her piece "Opinions on marijuana are evolving. Pot puns definitely aren't".)
To make matters worse, news editors have yet to shake their reliance on absurd caricatures. Even though half of all American adults have used marijuana, it seems as if every article or TV news story about marijuana policy is overshadowed by over-the-top photos or B-roll of someone dressed up as a giant marijuana leaf. I know a lot of people who smoke marijuana -- and as far as I can tell they're not sporting the marijuana-themed tutus I'm seeing every day in the media.
That's why the Drug Policy Alliance has endeavored to provide media outlets with ready-to-use stock photos of everyday people who use marijuana. These images are examples of the type of photos that media could be using when doing a story about marijuana legalization -- patients who use marijuana to relieve debilitating pain, or people losing their homes and their jobs because of a marijuana arrest. We are making these photos open license and free to use for non-commercial editorial purposes, and we hope they will help make the jobs of editors easier and the content more relevant.
3. Decriminalization and Legalization: They Mean Different Things
Despite their vast differences, much of the media apparently thinks "decriminalization" and "legalization" are the same thing.
Decriminalization eliminates criminal penalties for drug use or possession. Roughly two dozen countries, and dozens of U.S. cities and states, have taken steps toward decriminalization. Yet decriminalization alone does nothing to end the criminalization of people who grow, produce, distribute, sell or share drugs. Thus it does not address many of the greatest harms of prohibition -- massive illicit markets, high levels of crime, corruption and violence, and the harmful health consequences of drugs produced in the absence of regulatory oversight.
Legalization could more accurately be called "legal regulation." Legalization includes decriminalization of drug use, but goes much further by legally regulating and taxing production, distribution and sale. In 2012, Colorado and Washington voters made their states the first political jurisdictions anywhere in the world to legally regulate marijuana, and in 2013 Uruguay became the first country to do so.
Legal regulation is not a step into the unknown -- we have more than a century of experience in legally regulating thousands of different drugs. Most regulatory proposals -- and the laws in Colorado, Washington and Uruguay -- include age limits, licensing requirements, quality controls, and restrictions on advertising.
Decriminalization does not include any of these controls, though it is a decent first step that would alleviate a significant portion of the harms associated with prohibition. And these harms are massive -- more than a million people get arrested in the U.S. every year for nothing more than low-level drug possession.
4. All Drug Use -- In Fact, Most Drug Use -- Is Not "Drug Abuse"
According to the federal government's own annual data, the vast majority of people who try any drug -- even methamphetamine, crack, or heroin -- do not use them problematically and do not develop a physical dependence. Yet the media often parrots drug war bureaucrats who sweepingly use the term "drug abuse" to apply to any and all drug use. How absurd would it be if we called all beer drinking "alcohol abuse"?
5. People Who Use Drugs Are People
Just as the media often conflates drug use and drug abuse, an even more common mistake is equating a person's drug use with the sum of their identity.
It's long past time to stop using dehumanizing terms that objectify or reduce people who use drugs to a single characteristic or behavior. My colleague Meghan Ralston recently wrote in "The End of the Addict":
"We just take for granted that it's totally okay to describe a human being with one word, 'addict' -- a word with overwhelmingly negative connotations to many people. We don't really do that for other challenging qualities that can have a serious impact on people's lives. We don't say, 'my mother the blind,' or 'my brother the bipolar.' We don't say, 'my best friend the epileptic,' or 'my nephew the leukemia.' We don't do that because we intuitively understand how odd it would sound, and how disrespectful and insensitive it would be. We don't ascribe a difficult state as the full sum of a person's identity and humanity."
Instead of "drug users," try "people who use drugs." Instead of "addict," try "someone struggling with drug addiction." Instead of "convicted felon," try "formerly incarcerated person." It may take a few extra words, but can make a world of difference.
This is by no means a comprehensive list, but hopefully it will help sharpen our understanding of these issues. The unprecedented momentum for drug policy reform is sure to keep them in the news for years to come.
Jag Davies is publications manager for the Drug Policy Alliance.
The Yale economics professor, who helped devise the Case-Shiller index for housing market trends, and famously called the dotcom bubble of the early 2000s and the housing market bubble later in the decade, told “Squawk Box Europe” that the world is in a “new age of austerity.”
“Our whole economy has been affected by variations in confidence. Central banks are sort of trusted, but the actions they have often affected people's confidence by appearance rather than substance. We're not in the most trusting mood now,” Shiller said.
Many economists believe that the embattled euro zone has already entered the second part of a double-dip recession , with official figures due out on May 15 expected to confirm as much.
Policymakers across the Western world have tried to combat slowing growth and the long-term effects of the credit crisis through mass liquidity injections over the past 18 months. These have included the quantitative easingprograms in the U.S. and U.K., and the European Central Bank'slong-term refinancing operations.
In life, Mother Teresa was an icon — for believers — of God's work on Earth. Her ministry to the poor of Calcutta was a world-renowned symbol of religious compassion. She was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
In a rare interview in 1986, Mother Teresa told CBS News she had a calling, based on unquestioned faith.
"They are all children of God, loved and created by the same heart of God," she said.
But now, it has emerged that Mother Teresa was so doubtful of her own faith that she feared being a hypocrite, reports CBS News correspondent Mark Phillips.
In a new book that compiles letters she wrote to friends, superiors and confessors, her doubts are obvious.
Shortly after beginning work in Calcutta's slums, the spirit left Mother Teresa.
"Where is my faith?" she wrote. "Even deep down… there is nothing but emptiness and darkness... If there be God — please forgive me."
Eight years later, she was still looking to reclaim her lost faith.
"Such deep longing for God… Repulsed, empty, no faith, no love, no zeal," she said.
As her fame increased, her faith refused to return. Her smile, she said, was a mask.
"What do I labor for?" she asked in one letter. "If there be no God, there can be no soul. If there be no soul then, Jesus, You also are not true."
"These are letters that were kept in the archbishop's house," the Rev. Brian Kolodiejchuk told Phillips.
The letters were gathered by Rev. Kolodiejchuk, the priest who's making the case to the Vatican for Mother Teresa's proposed sainthood. He said her obvious spiritual torment actually helps her case.
"Now we have this new understanding, this new window into her interior life, and for me this seems to be the most heroic," said Rev. Kolodiejchuk.
According to her letters, Mother Teresa died with her doubts. She had even stopped praying, she once said.
The church decided to keep her letters, even though one of her dying wishes was that they be destroyed. Perhaps now we know why.
A Tube worker was shoved onto rail tracks and left with a gash to his head after being assaulted at an east London station.
The 54-year-old was working at West Ham station as a ticket inspection was carried out.
After asking a passenger about his ticket, the man approached ran off and was followed by the Tube worker onto a Jubilee line platform where an altercation ensured.
The staff member was then “barged” by the man, and the pair both fell onto the tracks before the other man ran off down the tracks, police said.
Officers said the victim was treated for a “laceration to his head” and an injured hand after the incident at about 2pm on Thursday.
Investigating officer, DC Dean Percival, said: “This was a serious and unprovoked assault and I am looking to speak with anyone who may recognise the man in the CCTV images. I believe he may have essential information that could help us piece together what happened.
“Likewise, I would also like to hear from anyone who witnessed this incident. I am conscious that there were a number of individuals on the platform at the time who witnessed what happened.
Anyone with information should call 0800 40 50 40 or text 61016, quoting reference number 271 06/07/17.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says that Moscow and Washington are not in the midst of an argument over NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, but President Barack Obama says a “pause” is needed in order to reassess America's relationship with Russia.
The situation and tensions surrounding Snowden are “an anomaly” in relations between Moscow and Washington, Lavrov said in a Friday press conference.
“There's no Cold War [between Russia and the US]. On the contrary, we have the closest partnership and very good potential for its improvement,” the Russian FM stressed.
The remark came after Sergey Lavrov's meeting with US Secretary of State John Kerry as part of the so-called "2+2" talks in Washington. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu and US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel also took part in the meeting.
To illustrate his point, Lavrov explained that “Edward Snowden did not overshadow our discussions” and that this matter should not dominate the more “mainstream” side of Russia-US relations. He added that Russia would like “the economy to be way more prominent in our relations” and that the two countries have “laid a very solid foundation for future work.”
Washington was “disappointed” by Russia's decision to grant temporary asylum to NSA leaker Edward Snowden, who revealed secret American surveillance programs to the public in June. Russia repeatedly said it cannot extradite the whistleblower, who is wanted in the US on espionage charges, because there is no legal basis for such action. The Foreign Minister again stated that Russia acted in accordance with its own legislation and international law. He also reiterated that the US has never signed an extradition treaty with Russia.
Friday's talks took place amid an escalation of tensions between Moscow and Washington. On Wednesday, Barack Obama announced the cancellation of his September visit to Russia and personal meeting with Vladimir Putin due to disagreements on a number of issues surrounding Snowden, missile defense, the Middle East, and human rights.
Kerry, for his part, said that Russia-US relations are "marked by both shared interests and, at times, colliding and conflicting interests."
Despite any disagreements, Lavrov stressed that Obama's visit to Moscow wasn't canceled, but rather “postponed.” He expressed hope that the US President will eventually take advantage of the invitation to meet with Putin in Moscow.
Earlier, the Kremlin said that Obama's announcement came as no surprise, adding that the move only shows that America “still isn't ready to build relations with Russia on equal footing.”
The US refuses to provide legally-binding guarantees that its missile defense system in Eastern Europe – which is said to be aimed at “rogue states” like Iran and North Korea - won't be targeting Russia. Moscow has warned of taking countermeasures to maintain a strategic balance of forces.
The two countries have also taken a different approach to the Syrian civil war, with the Kremlin supporting President Bashar Assad and the White House supporting the rebels – despite a large presence of Al-Qaeda affiliated militants within the opposition ranks.
Moscow and Washington's efforts to organize a peace conference in Syria have so far been fruitless, mainly because there is no unity among the country's opposition. However, Kerry stated that both the US and Russia agree that “to avoid institutional collapse and descent into chaos, the ultimate answer is a negotiated political solution." In return, Lavrov promised that the two countries will meet again before the end of the month to lay the groundwork for the much delayed Geneva-2 conference.
Although the Syrian opposition has still not come to an agreement amongst itself, Lavrov said that Russia has managed to secure the government of Bashar Assad to attend the talks without any preconditions. In regards to the other side, he said that "John Kerry assured me that the opposition would be persuaded to come to Geneva without any preconditions on the basis of reaching agreement with the government."
But the White House appears to be wanting more. A US official said that "The test is not whether the Syrian government will come to Geneva, [but] whether the Syrian government will come to Geneva prepared to negotiate the transition of full executive powers to a transitional governing body.”
Since May, attempts to set up the talks have been repeatedly postponed. The UN and Arab League's peace envoy to Syria, Lakhdar Brahimi, now says there is no chance of anything happening before August. The West has been nervous over the lack of progress ever since Assad's forces recently started gaining the upper hand on the battlefield.
Both Russia and the US have decided that a transitional Syrian government is the way forward, but have not yet come to an agreement on whether President Assad should participate in its formation.
‘Not appropriate to boycott Olympics' - Obama
On Friday at a White House conference, US President Barack Obama allayed fears that his relationship with President Putin was souring, insisting that despite the Russian leader having “that kind of slouch, looking like the bored kid in the back of the classroom…when we're in conversations together, oftentimes it's very productive." The President was referring to the duo's June meeting in Northern Ireland.
But acknowledging their differences has forced Obama to say that the US will "take a pause, reassess where it is that Russia is going."
"Frankly, on a whole range of issues where we think we can make some progress, Russia has not moved," Obama said, adding that "I think there's always been some tension in the US-Russian relationship after the fall of the Soviet Union."
But despite any disagreements, Obama said that he does not think boycotting the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics is the correct move, signaling that Americans will indeed be present at the games.
"I do not think it's appropriate to boycott the Olympics," he said.
"One of the things I'm really looking forward to is maybe some gay and lesbian athletes bringing home the gold or silver or bronze, which would I think go a long way in rejecting the kind of attitudes that we're seeing there," he continued. And the final remark on the matter was that “if Russia doesn't have gay or lesbian athletes, then, it'll probably make their team weaker.”
Darwin was no atheist, he didn't say humans came from monkeys, and 'survival of the fittest' - that was someone else's idea. John van Wyhe clears up some myths
Everyone has heard of Charles Darwin. Yet it is a sad fact that a good part of what most people think and believe about the man is wrong. So many myths and legends have cropped up since his death that it is difficult to disentangle fact from fiction. Here are some of the most common misconceptions.
Darwin and the Galapagos
There are, as always, multiple versions of this legend. One of the most pervasive is the idea that Darwin and the Beagle set sail straight to the Galapagos so that Darwin could discover evolution there. The Galapagos were ground zero for Darwin's eureka moment.
But there was no eureka moment. Darwin didn't become an evolutionist while in the Galapagos. In fact, three classes of facts gradually convinced him that evolution was true, but only after his return. For example in this passage from his autobiography: "During the voyage of the Beagle I had been deeply impressed by discovering in the Pampean formation great fossil animals covered with armour like that on the existing armadillos; secondly, by the manner in which closely allied animals replace one another in proceeding southwards over the continent; and thirdly, by the South American character of most of the productions of the Galapagos archipelago, and more especially by the manner in which they differ slightly on each island; none of these islands appearing to be very ancient in a geological sense."
The Origin
The title of Darwin's most famous book is often given incorrectly as "Origin of the Species", as if it was about the origin of our species. But the title is actually On the Origin of Species, meaning "where do species come from?" The short answer is they are descended from common ancestors, winnowed by natural selection - and not independently created. The Origin is about the general process of the evolution of all species. It does not trace the origin of any particular species, including humans.
Another common misconception is that the "origin of species" means "origin of life", and in this it utterly fails. But again, this is not what the book is about. Darwin, although himself convinced that life had perfectly natural origins, thought the science of his day was unable to answer that question, and he left it for future generations to investigate. He was in a position, however, to demonstrate that the various kinds of living and fossilised things we find in the world are related to one another genealogically by descent - they evolve.
Monkeys
Darwin said we come from monkeys. Nope. He never said that. This common misconception belies a profound misunderstanding of evolution. This is not unlike the popular illustrations of mankind as the pinnacle of the tree of life. Saying we come from monkeys is like saying you are the child of your cousin. Darwin said that monkeys, apes and humans must have a common ancestor because of our great similarities compared to other species. Even in his day it could be shown that we are more similar to apes than apes are to monkeys.
Another common shorthand misconception is, "It's all just survival of the fittest isn't it?" No it isn't. "Survival of the fittest" is a misleading phrase, and it was not coined by Darwin but by the philosopher Herbert Spencer. Alfred Russel Wallace later convinced Darwin to adopt the phrase. Any shorthand summary of Darwin's theory needs three elements: variation between individuals, natural selection based on differences in survival, and heritability of traits.
Darwin was an atheist
Nope. As far as we know Darwin was never an atheist. He was baptised in the Church of England, taken to Unitarian chapel as a child and at one time intended to become a country clergyman. But Darwin was never a particularly religious person. When in his late 20s and early 30s he began to think more carefully about nature and the meaning of life, he gradually came to disbelieve in Christianity, miracles or divine revelations. One of the most important factors in this gradual - and as he recalled it distress-free transformation - was his awareness that humans are animals too and are derived from less human-like ancestors. Secondly, other religions, which had repeatedly swept over vast parts of the globe, were considered utterly groundless myths by Victorian Christians. Darwin could see that almost all peoples in all times had contradictory mythical stories and supernatural beings, and Christianity could boast of no evidence to support its own version.
Other pernicious myths claim that Darwin repented of evolution or converted to Christianity on his deathbed. To the former I can only think, so what? Although it is quite untrue, whatever Darwin could have said on his deathbed could not erase the mountains of scientific evidence which confirms Darwin's views. The latter myth is also entirely untrue and was forcibly denied by his sons in print when it first surfaced in 1915 and in the following decades.
Darwin remained an agnostic, though he always retained a lingering suspicion that some intelligence had set up the laws of nature in the first place. These fixed natural laws could be identified by science. He believed he had discovered a new such law in natural selection.
False quotations
There are many attributed to Darwin. Probably the most common is: "It is not the strongest species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the ones most responsive to change." Versions of this catchy phrase adorn many a book and website. But it was never written by Darwin. There is no longer any excuse for taking someone else's word about or misquoting Darwin, because all of his publications are available for free at darwin-online.org.uk/.
John van Wyhe is a historian of science at the University of Cambridge
and founder and Director of Darwin Online
Remember the good ol' Rubik's Cube? Ah, good times. There have been some variations over the years, but this latest version gets a truly modern makeover. Called Rubik's Mirror Blocks, it does away with colored tiles in favor of differently shaped blocks. The aim of the game is to bring the puzzle back into a cube shape by matching up these different blocks.
This Mirror Blocks version uses the basic 3×3 structure of the original Rubik's Cube, but each block has reflective, colorless stickers on its faces, making it even more difficult to crack (see video below).
You can pick one up at Amazon Japan from October 1st for ￥ 1,494($14). For international orders, try your luck over at TwistyPuzzles where Hidetoshi Takeji, the puzzle's designer, is offering them for $20. Looks like there's already a lot of orders though, so some patience may be required.
UPDATE: You can now pick up Rubik's Mirror Blocks over at ThinkGeek for $19.99.
Sources:
Technabob and Digital Gadgets Freak (translated)
Lamigo Monkeys and the Nippon-Ham Fighters have announced “2018 Asia Friendship Series in Hokkaido” at CPBL head office today.
The winner of the 2017 Taiwan Series have been invited to have 2 exhibition games against NPB's Nippon-Ham Fighters at the Sapporo Dome from 28 February.
Asia Friendship Series in Hokkaido Schedule
Game 1 – 28 February 18:00 (Japan time)
Game 2 – 01 March 18:00 (Japan time)
Not the first time those 2 teams meet
The last time those 2 teams played against each other was 11 years ago at Tokyo Dome during the 2006 Asia Series.
La New Bears (Lamigo Monkeys before the name change) faced Nippon-Ham Fighters twice in the tournament, once in the preliminary and another time in the final. Despite putting up a good fight, La New Bears ends up dropping both games to the Fighters 2:1 and 1:0 and took home the silver medal.
2006 Asia Series Game 1 highlight
2006 Asia Series Game 2 highlight
While unbridled joy has greeted the defeat of the so-called Islamic State across Iraq, the wreckage left behind includes severe trauma to Iraq's Arab Sunnis – leaving the minority community facing what some say is an existential crisis.
One metric by which to assess this is the numbers: Most of the 5 million displaced persons in Iraq are Sunnis. And most of the tens of thousands of Iraqis who were killed, raped, or kidnapped by ISIS jihadists are Sunnis. Nearly every city left in ruins by the fight to expel ISIS – from Fallujah and Ramadi to Mosul – is predominantly Sunni.
Another metric is psychological: The community's failure has been so acute – succumbing to nearly four years of brutal ISIS rule, and even sometimes welcoming ISIS, at first – that Iraq's Sunnis are reeling like they haven't for a century.
“You have to go back to the Ottoman period, to see the level of damage that has been caused to the Sunni people in the last four years,” says an analyst in Baghdad who has worked for the Defense Ministry and asked not to be named.
The impact has been equivalent to a “Sunni Holocaust,” he says, and it has begun to galvanize part of a community that ruled Iraq for decades until the toppling of Saddam Hussein in 2003.
The result is a reckoning by some Sunnis and their politicians – but not all – that is helping create a fragile new Iraqi nationalism and yielding lessons about accommodation with the Shiite-led government of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.
“So the realization now among the Sunnis is that, wait a second, who died to liberate us?” says the analyst. “It wasn't our [Sunni] politicians. It wasn't their sons. It was some kid in Diwaniyeh, who's never seen Mosul, will never see Mosul ever again – it's not like he's going to come up for vacation – who is Shiite.
“So the idea of Iraqi nationalism, unfortunately, had to go through this process, this bloodshed, in order to strengthen.”
Still, there is no shortage of Arab Sunni politicians who continue to play the Sunni-victim card, and portray their collective calamity as the doing of everyone else, except the Sunnis themselves.
Some suggest that ISIS inflicted only 1 percent of the damage to the Sunni community, while Shiite rule in Baghdad accounts for 99 percent; others that of thousands of “kidnappings,” all of them are of civilians who are “innocent” of ISIS sympathies.
Ali Abdul Hassan/AP Volunteer Sunni tribal fighters parade during a January 2016 Police Day ceremony in Amiriyat al-Fallujah, a town south of Fallujah, in Iraq's Anbar province. Sunni tribal fighters supported Iraqi security forces in liberating the city of Ramadi from Islamic State group militants.
Sunnis' painful history
Iraq's Arab Sunnis have traveled a long and painful trajectory, starting with the overthrow of the iron-fisted Mr. Hussein. Almost immediately came the disbanding of the Sunni-led Iraqi Army; then years of ethnic cleansing of Baghdad's mixed neighborhoods in which Baathists and Sunnis were a key target; then the Sunni militants of Al Qaeda in Iraq – the progenitor of ISIS – led an anti-Shiite suicide bombing campaign and anti-American insurgency.
Finally, a widespread Sunni uprising in 2013 against the Shiite-first rule of then-Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki meant many Sunnis initially welcomed ISIS in 2014 as a tool to take on Baghdad.
The subsequent carnage inflicted by ISIS – and the widespread belief among Iraq's Arab Shiites and Sunni Kurds, for whom ethnic identity tends to trump sectarian affiliation, that all Arab Sunnis are jihadi extremists – are only the latest blows to the Sunni social fabric.
“Everyone says all Sunnis are ISIS, but the destruction that's happened against Sunnis by ISIS never happened at the hands of any army or occupation before,” says Sheikh Fares al-Dulaimi, a Sunni leader who plays a role in government reconciliation efforts.
“In any invasion, where ISIS enters a country that is suffering injustice by the government, they will find a lot of supporters,” says Mr. Dulaimi. “So anyone is lying if they say ISIS was not welcome in places they controlled, especially at the beginning.”
The main problem now is the settling of scores within the Arab Sunni community, Dulaimi says. “A lot of [Sunnis] lost their sons to ISIS,” he says, “and they want revenge.”
Tribal leaders have been holding conferences in villages and cities, he says, to differentiate between “real” ISIS supporters, and those who may have been forced to act on their behalf, whether at gunpoint or out of economic necessity. More than 100 influential men from one large tribe, for example, signed an agreement that certain families should not be punished by others because of ISIS ties.
'People changed their minds'
As Arab Sunnis try to resolve their own differences, they often face skepticism from their fellow Iraqis. Yet the ability to change minds has been demonstrated before, when the “Sunni Awakening” in 2007 marshaled Sunni anger at excessive Al Qaeda violence. With American military support and cash, Sunni militias called sahwa (“awakening”) subdued the extremists.
“Many people then thought all Sunnis were Al Qaeda, and many people changed their minds,” says Dulaimi.
He notes that today the army and security forces have committees for recruiting Sunnis, and even former officers if they don't have blood on their hands. And in late October, the sheikhs of Anbar met with Prime Minister Abadi to arrange for 3,150 Sunni policemen to rejoin the national force, after being fired when ISIS came in 2014.
“There is a serious change in the way of thinking in the central government; everyone believes now that Iraq could not be ruled by one sect,” says Dulaimi. “People start to understand now, but they need time.”
But not everyone has had that change of view, and as elections loom next year, some Sunni tribal leaders still push the sectarian angle hard, reminding Sunnis of more than a decade of suffering and disenfranchisement.
ISIS “did 1 percent of all the killing and destruction [to Sunnis], compared with the government,” contends Talal al-Zobaie, a professor and Sunni former lawmaker in Baghdad. Collective punishment for Arab Sunnis, he says, dates back to the Sunni failure to rebel against Hussein in 1991 – while Iraq's Kurds and Shiites did, in the north and south – and to their forming a “natural resistance” against occupying American forces and pro-US Shiite governments from 2003 onwards.
“Each area that has been liberated [from ISIS], they find mass graves,” says Mr. Zobaie. Shiite militias and Iraqi security forces, he asserts, “kill these people and later say ISIS killed them, burned and destroyed their houses. This shows why Sunnis are more afraid.”
Sectarian atrocities
Some of Iraq's Shiite militias – a force 150,000-strong, which has now been brought under the official umbrella of Iraqi security forces – have been accused of sectarian atrocities, kidnapping, torture, and the extrajudicial executions of ISIS suspect. Accurate reports of such abuses have fed complaints by Sunni leaders, who often inject further fear into their community by embellishing the results.
In northern Iraq, for example, Sunni tribal leader Najih al-Mizan from Samarra says the thousands of Sunnis who went missing as areas were liberated from ISIS are just one problem, which include “settling scores” from the Iran-Iraq war of the 1980s and “acts of revenge” that date back to the Sunni-Shiite split in Islam 14 centuries ago.
“We all know that ISIS members don't surrender, they die fighting. All the civilians who have been taken are innocent, whether they were grabbed at checkpoints or off the streets,” says Mr. Mizan.
He argues that one result of the perception of victimhood may be a backlash by Arab Sunnis, especially against Shiites, that could be worse than ISIS.
“I think a new movement will emerge that is even scarier than ISIS, those who are seeking revenge will have no mission but bloodshed,” he adds. “All those who were innocent yet had their homes destroyed, relatives kidnapped and killed, they will want revenge.”
Limit to sectarianism
Such claims are not unexpected for a Sunni community so devastated by their recent history, says the Baghdad analyst, himself a Shiite who worked under a Sunni defense minister, among a mix of Shiite and Sunni officials.
But there is also a limit, he suggests, to how far most Arab Sunnis may follow their politicians once again toward any sectarian confrontation.
Recalling the 2013 protests against Shiite rule in Baghdad, he asks rhetorically: “What did that lead to other than me, as a Sunni, losing my house, my family is in a camp, my youngest probably died of dehydration or diarrhea, and my siblings killed in bombings? Now I've got no home, no city, no running water, no electricity … and winter is coming, literally.”
The lesson is that an inclusive government is better than ISIS, says the analyst.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“One thing that you don't hear when you are speaking with average Iraqis is sectarianism,” he says. “The only people that talk about it are politicians. And I hope they realize that, should they try that in the upcoming elections, they are going to suffer greatly, because people are fed up with that.”
Monitor correspondent Dominique Soguel contributed reporting from Erbil, in northern Iraq.
Was Dinanagar a false flag?The gory terrorist attack in the small town of Dinanagar in India's Gurdaspur district has raised some odd questions. The timing of the episode and the narrative churned up by Indian media that followed the so-called terrorist attack have some glaring loopholes. But before that, something on the geostrategic environment of 2015.Five major drivers in south and west Asia are shaping the geostrategic environment and paving way for epoch-making changes.One, Pakistan seems to be coming out of a hybrid war with flying colours and its military is in the process of mopping up terrorist networks and their surrogates. The CPEC is a major economic breakthrough, which would put Pakistan on the centre-stage of the region and make it a conduit of energy and economic development. Our political scene also seems to be gaining stability after the Judicial Commission report.Two, the referendum on Khalistan, known as Referendum 2020 in the Sikh diaspora residing in Europe and North America is gaining momentum with social media platforms abuzz with netizens' chatter. The Sikh youth in India and their contemporaries in the Sikh diaspora appear to be gearing up for a second uprising on Khalistan; this time net-bites have replaced the bullets of Jarnail Singh Bhindarwale.Three, the Kashmiri freedom movement in Indian Held Kashmir is taking a new shape and form. Politics has now replaced militancy and Pakistani flags are seen regularly fluttering in the Kashmir Valley.Four, the Modi Mantra is gradually losing its lustre and the RSS agenda of Saffronisation of India seems to be backfiring with growing criticism at home and abroad.Five, Afghanistan and Pakistan have started understanding each other and there is a growing sense of cooperation across the Durand Line, especially on the issue of bringing stability in the region.Despite the recent thawing of relations between India and Pakistan after the Ufa summit, India's aggressive posturing across the Line of Control and Working Boundary has continued unabated. The Pakistan Army recently shot down an Indian heli-drone. An ISPR release issued recently states: ‘the movement of Indian troops indicate aggressive intentions of the country. The Pakistan Army has already lodged a protest with United Nations (UN) observers over recent ceasefire violations by Indian troops. It added that the Indian army had targeted civilian areas with heavy machine guns and mortar shells. Four Pakistani civilians were martyred and five injured to unprovoked Indian firing on the Working Boundary and Line of Control earlier this month.'Sikh Federation UK has been very active in voicing the rights of the Sikh diaspora and of Sikhs in India. Referendum 2020 is gaining momentum within the Sikh diaspora, and the US-based human rights group ‘Sikhs For Justice' (SFJ) Facebook page was recently blocked in India. In retaliation SFJ has given a call to the Sikh diaspora in North America to boycott Air India. The national airline of India operates several flights every day to various destinations in North America.SFJ has given a call to hold a referendum in the year 2020 on the question of Sikh sovereignty. Referendum 2020 will be held in the state of Punjab and among Sikh diaspora living in America, Canada, United Kingdom, European Union, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Middle East.Why is Dinanagar a false flag operation directed by RAW? Let's analyse the whole episode. The Working Boundary is probably the most heavily guarded zone in the world. On the Indian side it is looked after by dozens of BSF battalions and three division of infantry, the layered defence of IHK and Indian Punjab is laced with triple fence system, manmade anti-tank ditches and surveillance cameras. Indian drones and the IAF conduct 24-hour surveillance of the area and it may not be an exaggeration to state that even an ant would think twice before crossing this deadly zone.It is very strange of the Indian media and some of India's ministers to instantly blame Pakistan without solid evidence. Although the reported incident started making headlines in the early hours of July 27, the Indian media had already established the alleged link of the terrorists with Pakistani groups and the ISI by mid-day. One report suggested that the militants took pains to hide their identity (of any link with Pakistan) by removing all tags from their clothes and undergarments. In the same breath the report mentions that these militants were raising slogans of Allah-o-Akbar at top of their voices while spraying bullets on Indian security forces…whose line is it anyway?The militants allegedly hijacked an 800 CC Maruti car to reach a police station after creating mayhem in the town of Dinanagar – absurd, if they were on a high-profile mission why would they announce their arrival to the whole town before reaching their target? Yes the media needed some witnesses to tell the world that people saw these jokers rushing to the target sight. And last but not the least, the entire operation was finally conducted by Punjab police SWAT teams instead of the thousands of military and special units that had arrived at the scene. If the operation took more than 11 hours to mop up, what was the Indian army doing at the scene?In my humble opinion, Dinanagar may be a false flag operation (though poorly directed) to kill three birds with one sling shot; check Pakistan's aggressive stance on RAW in Balochistan (to be taken to the UNSC), create a wedge between Sikhs and Pakistan and dent any efforts for the upcoming referendum on Khalistan in 2020. The Sikh diaspora is very active. However, Pakistan (as usual) is oblivious to this strategic shift.Unfortunately Pakistan is always blamed for the shenanigans of the Indian security establishment – as the Indian media goes for overkill. Pakistan has never taken these incidents seriously and we need to develop a mechanism to tell the whole world that false flag operations badly affect the security environment of the entire region.The writer is a defence analyst based at Lahore.Email: [email protected]
The gory terrorist attack in the small town of Dinanagar in India's Gurdaspur district has raised some odd questions. The timing of the episode and the narrative churned up by Indian media that followed the so-called terrorist attack have some glaring loopholes. But before that, something on the geostrategic environment of 2015.
Five major drivers in south and west Asia are shaping the geostrategic environment and paving way for epoch-making changes.
One, Pakistan seems to be coming out of a hybrid war with flying colours and its military is in the process of mopping up terrorist networks and their surrogates. The CPEC is a major economic breakthrough, which would put Pakistan on the centre-stage of the region and make it a conduit of energy and economic development. Our political scene also seems to be gaining stability after the Judicial Commission report.
Two, the referendum on Khalistan, known as Referendum 2020 in the Sikh diaspora residing in Europe and North America is gaining momentum with social media platforms abuzz with netizens' chatter. The Sikh youth in India and their contemporaries in the Sikh diaspora appear to be gearing up for a second uprising on Khalistan; this time net-bites have replaced the bullets of Jarnail Singh Bhindarwale.
Three, the Kashmiri freedom movement in Indian Held Kashmir is taking a new shape and form. Politics has now replaced militancy and Pakistani flags are seen regularly fluttering in the Kashmir Valley.
Four, the Modi Mantra is gradually losing its lustre and the RSS agenda of Saffronisation of India seems to be backfiring with growing criticism at home and abroad.
Five, Afghanistan and Pakistan have started understanding each other and there is a growing sense of cooperation across the Durand Line, especially on the issue of bringing stability in the region.
Despite the recent thawing of relations between India and Pakistan after the Ufa summit, India's aggressive posturing across the Line
of Control and Working Boundary has continued unabated. The Pakistan Army recently shot down an Indian heli-drone. An ISPR release issued recently states: ‘the movement of Indian troops indicate aggressive intentions of the country. The Pakistan Army has already lodged a protest with United Nations (UN) observers over recent ceasefire violations by Indian troops. It added that the Indian army had targeted civilian areas with heavy machine guns and mortar shells. Four Pakistani civilians were martyred and five injured to unprovoked Indian firing on the Working Boundary and Line of Control earlier this month.'
Sikh Federation UK has been very active in voicing the rights of the Sikh diaspora and of Sikhs in India. Referendum 2020 is gaining momentum within the Sikh diaspora, and the US-based human rights group ‘Sikhs For Justice' (SFJ) Facebook page was recently blocked in India. In retaliation SFJ has given a call to the Sikh diaspora in North America to boycott Air India. The national airline of India operates several flights every day to various destinations in North America.
SFJ has given a call to hold a referendum in the year 2020 on the question of Sikh sovereignty. Referendum 2020 will be held in the state of Punjab and among Sikh diaspora living in America, Canada, United Kingdom, European Union, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Middle East.
Why is Dinanagar a false flag operation directed by RAW? Let's analyse the whole episode. The Working Boundary is probably the most heavily guarded zone in the world. On the Indian side it is looked after by dozens of BSF battalions and three division of infantry, the layered defence of IHK and Indian Punjab is laced with triple fence system, manmade anti-tank ditches and surveillance cameras. Indian drones and the IAF conduct 24-hour surveillance of the area and it may not be an exaggeration to state that even an ant would think twice before crossing this deadly zone.
It is very strange of the Indian media and some of India's ministers to instantly blame Pakistan without solid evidence. Although the reported incident started making headlines in the early hours of July 27, the Indian media had already established the alleged link of the terrorists with Pakistani groups and the ISI by mid-day. One report suggested that the militants took pains to hide their identity (of any link with Pakistan) by removing all tags from their clothes and undergarments. In the same breath the report mentions that these militants were raising slogans of Allah-o-Akbar at top of their voices while spraying bullets on Indian security forces…whose line is it anyway?
The militants allegedly hijacked an 800 CC Maruti car to reach a police station after creating mayhem in the town of Dinanagar – absurd, if they were on a high-profile mission why would they announce their arrival to the whole town before reaching their target? Yes the media needed some witnesses to tell the world that people saw these jokers rushing to the target sight. And last but not the least, the entire operation was finally conducted by Punjab police SWAT teams instead of the thousands of military and special units that had arrived at the scene. If the operation took more than 11 hours to mop up, what was the Indian army doing at the scene?
In my humble opinion, Dinanagar may be a false flag operation (though poorly directed) to kill three birds with one sling shot; check Pakistan's aggressive stance on RAW in Balochistan (to be taken to the UNSC), create a wedge between Sikhs and Pakistan and dent any efforts for the upcoming referendum on Khalistan in 2020. The Sikh diaspora is very active. However, Pakistan (as usual) is oblivious to this strategic shift.
Unfortunately Pakistan is always blamed for the shenanigans of the Indian security establishment – as the Indian media goes for overkill. Pakistan has never taken these incidents seriously and we need to develop a mechanism to tell the whole world that false flag operations badly affect the security environment of the entire region.
The writer is a defence analyst based at Lahore.
Email: [email protected]
Comcast swears it won't give preferential treatment to its favorite internet content, but they want to legalize doing it, anyway.
Last Tuesday, the Federal Communications Commission unveiled plans to repeal net neutrality protections, which prevent internet providers from blocking or slowing access to certain online content, or creating prioritized “fast lanes” for the websites that providers prefer. Hours after the FCC's announcement, Comcast took to Twitter to assure customers that it wouldn't abuse the new powers.
“We do not and will not block, throttle, or discriminate against lawful content,” Comcast tweeted.
But in a July filing with the FCC, Comcast left its options open. While Comcast said it opposed paid prioritization that “could harm competition and undermine Internet openness,” the company went on to argue in favor of fast lanes' underlying technology.
“The Commission also should bear in mind that a more flexible approach to prioritization may be warranted and may be beneficial to the public,” Comcast wrote.
Fast lanes could be used to protect internet speeds for medical devices and autonomous vehicles, Comcast argued in its filing. (Comcast's reference to medical equipment is a moot point: current net neutrality protections already allow special fast lanes for the telemedicine devices.)
Comcast said not to read too far into its defense of fast lanes for specific devices.
“We tried to take a balanced approach and suggest in our policy filings that there could be some applications or services that would make sense,” Comcast told The Daily Beast of its July filing. “We didn't say that we were going to do them.”
Even on Twitter, Comcast appeared to dodge when users pressed it on its policies. The company presented the net neutrality rollback as an opportunity to block “anticompetitive paid prioritization.”
“Paid prioritization” is tech-speak for internet fast lanes, which would allow websites like Netflix to pay internet providers like Comcast for faster access. But the reference to “no anticompetitive paid prioritization,” as first noted by Ars Technica, is an impressive qualifier. The wording suggested that Comcast might support fast lanes, as long as they were “competitive”.
“Comcast hasn't entered into any paid prioritization agreements,” a company spokesperson told The Daily Beast in a statement. “Period. And we have no plans to do so. No matter what the skeptics say, you can't accurately convert an unequivocal statement that Comcast has no plans to enter into any paid prioritization arrangement into plans for paid prioritization.”
Other internet service providers have also come under scrutiny for feel-good statements public statements that do little to actually protect net neutrality.
Since July, AT&T has encouraged pro-net neutrality customers to fill out a form that actually asks the FCC to repeal existing protections.
“Since this debate began over a decade ago, we have always supported an internet that is transparent and free from blocking, censorship and discriminatory throttling,” AT&T's website reads. “But relying on 80-year old regulations to ensure these fundamental open internet principles does not make sense.”
Those “80-year old regulations” are the laws that allow the FCC to regulate internet providers.
The form then auto-generates letters to the FCC with virtually meaningless messages like “I am writing in regard to the Commission's work on preserving an open internet. There is no doubt that the internet has become a crucial part of our economy and way of life. That's why it's very important to regulate it in a responsible way.”
This project expands on my previous Linear Z Rail for AO-10x project to incorporate a pair of Z Ballscrews, 10mm X rods, and the Taz 4 X Carriage assembly, allowing the AO-10x Series printers to utilize newer toolheads, up to and including the dual extruder. Before starting this, please ensure you have all the prerequisites of the AO-10x Linear Z rail project completed. You will reuse the Z motor mounts, and portions of the top Z railmount assemblies in this project. Those files have been included for convenience, but the instructions assume you have already completed that project.
You will also need several Aelph Objects / Lulzbot files which are not mine. I have linked to those open source files for convenience but I cannot upload them here. Those files may be found at:m http://download.lulzbot.com/TAZ/4.0/production_parts/printed_parts/TAZ_printers/ with specific links on the instructions page.
Ballscrews are not inexpensive, but this should be the ultimate in precision upgrades for your printer. She may not print a whole basketball, but you'll be able to print a really detailed softball!
Development thread is here: https://forum.lulzbot.com/viewtopic.php?f=16&t=654&p=6754#p6754
Cincinnati is seeking to make upgrades to its bullpen and bench, as both were areas that were weaknesses amid the cost-cutting of the past two seasons. A newly signed 15-year television rights contract with Fox Sports Ohio takes effect in 2018, which will help the budget but won't open a spending spree of investments into the upper end of the free-agent market.
CINCINNATI -- As of early Tuesday morning, the free-agent market was open for business. The Reds aren't expected to deviate from their recent history and suddenly start flashing money and spending big this offseason. However, the club could use free agency as an avenue to fill needs as it looks to turn the corner from rebuilding to being more competitive in 2017.
CINCINNATI -- As of early Tuesday morning, the free-agent market was open for business. The Reds aren't expected to deviate from their recent history and suddenly start flashing money and spending big this offseason. However, the club could use free agency as an avenue to fill needs as it looks to turn the corner from rebuilding to being more competitive in 2017.
Cincinnati is seeking to make upgrades to its bullpen and bench, as both were areas that were weaknesses amid the cost-cutting of the past two seasons. A newly signed 15-year television rights contract with Fox Sports Ohio takes effect in 2018, which will help the budget but won't open a spending spree of investments into the upper end of the free-agent market.
General manager Dick Williams will still be looking for value.
"Internally, we were able to execute our plans based on assumptions that a [TV] deal would be happening. I haven't had to revisit my planning this offseason or change it in any radical way as a result of the deal getting done," Williams said.
"We'd certainly like to strengthen the bullpen. We've got some money to do it. Whether that money is more money into fewer players or fewer dollars into more players will depend on the market. Hopefully, we invest in the right guys. We've got some ideas of guys we want to target. Hopefully we can get them."
Arbitration eligible:
SS Zack Cozart (third year); OF Billy Hamilton (first year); LHP Tony Cingrani (first year); RHP Blake Wood (second year)
Free agents:
RHP Alfredo Simon; RHP Ross Ohlendorf
Biggest potential free-agent loss:
Neither Simon nor Ohlendorf are expected to return, but their departures will not leave significant holes. Simon was a $2 million gamble when he was brought back to provide length in the rotation. It simply did not work out, as he went 2-7 with a 9.36 ERA.
Potential free-agent targets:
Williams did not specify exactly who the Reds might pursue or what they are willing to spend. Some of the veteran mid-range free-agent relievers on the market are right-handers Joe Blanton, Joba Chamberlain, Bud Norris and Drew Storen and left-handers Brett Cecil, Marc Rzepczynski and Boone Logan.
Shoring up the bench with hitters who bring some power should also be something Williams and the front office explores. And with Devin Mesoraco's injury history, adding catching depth behind him and Tucker Barnhart is also a possibility. But the preference is for that player to have versatility at other positions.
Wild card scenario:
If the Reds decide this winter that neither Raisel Iglesias nor Michael Lorenzen is who they want as a closer or setup man, the search for relief pitching could intensify even more. That might mean the need to add an experienced closer, but don't expect that to include the premier guys on the open market.
Mark Sheldon has covered the Reds for MLB.com since 2006, and previously covered the Twins from 2001-05. Follow him on Twitter @m_sheldon and Facebook and listen to his podcast.
Description
Easily create WordPress WooCommerce login popup on your store to have a professionally looked beautiful ways to let your customers in.
WooCommerce Modal Popup Features
Turn your visitors into valuable customers with elegance. Using this plugin, you'll have the following features on your popup:
Login Area . Show store login at ease without having your site reload and navigate to new page. Using this WooCommerce login modal box you eliminate the waiting time of your customers to login into your shop.
. Show store login at ease without having your site reload and navigate to new page. Using this WooCommerce login modal box you eliminate the waiting time of your customers to login into your shop. Registration Area . Welcome your brand-new customers better! Let them register fast using the registration popup option.
. Welcome your brand-new customers better! Let them register fast using the registration popup option. Reset Password Area . Your beloved customers might get system generated password or simply forgot what they've input on your store which sometimes create difficulties while shopping. Don't add any more hindrances and let them regenerate there WooCommerce password at ease via forgot password popup feature.
. Your beloved customers might get system generated password or simply forgot what they've input on your store which sometimes create difficulties while shopping. Don't add any more hindrances and let them regenerate there WooCommerce password at ease via forgot password popup feature. Customer Dashboard. Let your logged-in users perfectly navigate your site. When successfully logged-in, the modal box content will change to WooCommerce dashboard navigation links.
WooCommerce Login and Registration Shortcode
Don't like the default WooCommerce login and registration design? Use the plugin's shortcode feature to have a brand-new page which is similar to your popup branding. Less confusion more shopping!
Take a quick look on how simple it eases to create a brand-new way to let your customer login to your store.
More information
Everybody loves poop humor. Right? Hello? [cricket noises]QC has moved to its new server. If you're reading this, it means the DNS has successfully propagated to wherever you are. Hooray! The new server should eliminate all of the sporadic downtime the site has been experiencing. If for some reason you're STILL having trouble resolving the site, please email me (jephco at yahoo dot com) and let me know.I'd like to tell you about and extend a special thanks to the two other people who help me run this site, HeatherD and Nihilist . HeatherD is currently coding the upcoming redesign of the site, which will be extra-super-awesome. Nihlist hosts the site now, and is like an onmipresent server god. He will smite you! Thanks, you two. I'd be screwed (and actually have to PAY for hosting, shudder) without you.If you're not one of my personal friends or family members, you might not know about my OTHER website, Jephco . It's basically my weblog/personal site, so if you're curious about the idiot who actually DRAWS these retarded comics, you should check it out.One last thing- my friend James might be doing a QC guest strip sometime in the near future. He is awesome, funny, and British. If you're curious about his work, you can check out a couple of his strips for the most-excellent Comet-7 . I will post more info when I recieve it.
Russia Operated Captured U.S. Aircraft for “OPFOR” Evaluation.
As we have reported previously, it is no secret the U.S. has made and still make use of captured or otherwise acquired Russian aircraft for test, evaluation and training purposes including the development of U.S. radars, countermeasures and early warning systems (earlier this year we published some really rare images of a Russian Su-27 Flanker dogfighting with a U.S. F-16 inside Area 51…)
Has Russia done the same with U.S. aircraft? Absolutely.
The RT video below contains some quite famous footage of a Northrop F-5 Freedom Fighter formerly stationed at Bien Hoa Air Base in Vietnam being operated in Soviet markings against a MiG-21 (NATO codename “Fishbed”). The aircraft was seized along with “several US military aircraft”, taken to the USSR and used in a test and evaluation project to determine the capabilities of the F-5 series compared to Warsaw Pact aircraft.
Bien Hoa Air Base was overrun by Communist forces on Apr. 25, 1975 as the Vietnam War (referred to as the “American War” in Vietnam) neared its end.
A number of F-5A and F-5E aircraft attributed to the 522nd Fighter Squadron were left behind intact at the air base. Because the F-5E version of the aircraft had only flown for the first time three years earlier in 1973 and was being marketed to other Western user nations it was of significant interest to the Warsaw Pact.
Was the F-5 a threat to the Russian mainstay MiG-21? This video shows testing to answer that question in Russia.
At least one of the F-5s, in Soviet markings, was tested in opposing forces simulation with the MiG-21 as shown in this video.
Soviet pilots from Chkalov's Russian Flight Test Center near the Volga River, a facility similar to the secret test ranges at Tonopah and Edwards AFB, were reportedly impressed by the performance of the F-5 against the MiG-21. Interestingly, Soviet engineers assumed the MiG-21 was more advanced but the F-5 won every time in the simulated air combat carried out in USSR. According to some reports the Russian pilots who flew the F-5 against the MiG-21 were named Vladimir Kandaurov, Alexander Bezhevets and Nikolay Stogov. The findings of these fly-offs and simulated combat were said to contribute to the development of the MiG-23 for the Russians, an aircraft that was imported to several Arab nations friendly with the USSR.
Noteworthy, the F-5 was so similar to the MiG-21, it was used as
Another curious development from behind the Iron Curtain was this photo of a what seems to be a McDonnell-Douglas F-4 Phantom aircraft (or mock-up) under a tarp at the famous Zhukovskiy airfield near Moscow. The photo is allegedly from Aug. 11, 1971. It includes a French-built Mirage aircraft, also undercover, parked next to it. The massive Myasishchev M-4 Molot strategic bomber in front of the F-4 and the Mirage add some scale to the image.
There have also been some interesting hoax aircraft flown in the Photoshop air force with Russian markings. The most famous is an F-14 Tomcat said to be taken from the Iranian Air Force following the fall of the Shah of Iran during the Iranian Revolution in 1978. While the photo looks convincing and the story is certainly plausible, most analysts agree it is faked.
Perhaps the most interesting question is, does Russia own current frontline U.S. tactical aircraft as a part of its opposing forces unit? Are there Russian-marked F-16s or F-15s flying somewhere in Russia? The answer is, likely no.
The U.S. has been careful about the distribution of tactical aircraft to nations that may realign with Russia from the U.S. if their strategic alliances shift. And while relations with Russia and the U.S. have been much more open since the end of the Cold War there are still many reasons why the U.S. and Russia are vigorous about maintaining security about their respective combat aircraft.
Have you ever heard reports or rumors about American aircraft in the hands of the Russians? Let us know.
Related articles
The Indiana House of Representatives approved a bill Tuesday that would drug test people who apply for welfare, along with members of the Indiana General Assembly.
"I feel it is imperative that your tax dollars go to those who are truly trying to better themselves. We must provide incentives for people to bring themselves out of poverty and to do the right thing,” said Rep. Jud McMillin (R-Brookville), the bill's sponsor, in a statement. "I am excited to help our state become a national leader on this important issue."
McMillin initially proposed a pilot program for drug testing only welfare applicants, but last week state Rep. Ryan Dvorak (D-South Bend) amended the bill to include drug and alcohol testing for lawmakers. It's a legislative counterattack employed by Democrats in several of the 30-plus states where Republicans are pushing drug tests for the poor and jobless.
Indiana is the first state where lawmaker drug testing has actually advanced, though the measure's fate in the state senate is uncertain. McMillin told HuffPost that he has senate sponsors who he expects to pick up the bill and help it move forward.
McMillin withdrew his bill on Friday, saying Dvorak's amendment likely violated the Constitution. On Monday, he came back with a new version of the legislation that softened the lawmaker drug testing provision. Instead of blanket testing for every member of the General Assembly, the new version of the bill lets lawmakers opt in to a system of random screening similar to the one for families seeking cash assistance. (If they don't consent, they lose their parking spaces and other perks.)
Though House Republicans said the testing provisions mirror each other, the bill has different standards for "reasonable suspicion" for a lawmaker and a welfare applicant. The latter can be reasonably suspected of drug use if he or she has been convicted of a crime, charged with a drug offense, or "failed to attend a scheduled meeting or complete online requirements regarding [welfare] assistance."
The bill gives leaders in the General Assembly leeway to form "reasonable suspicion" that a lawmaker is using illegal drugs, but while it mentions convictions and drug charges, it does not specifically say whether lawmakers who miss scheduled votes or hearings will be considered suspicious.
McMillan said he favored making missed votes cause for reasonable suspicion, but that the broader measure might not have passed if it included the stricter language.
"Many people felt it was too much," he said in an interview.
He added that his new bill is tougher than Dvorak's proposal because it would make lawmakers' drug test results public.
In Indiana in 2011, 18,602 families had received welfare cash assistance as of December, 33 percent fewer than the previous year, according to the latest report by the state government. An eligible family of four must have dependent children, can't earn more than $712.25 per month, or possess assets worth more than $1,000. The maximum monthly benefit for a family of four is $346.
Dvorak said opt-out provisions for both welfare applicants and lawmakers make the bill toothless, and that Republicans are only pursuing it to send a political message about getting tough on poor people receiving government benefits.
The abundance of password leaks over the past decade has revealed some of the most commonly used—and consequently most vulnerable—passphrases, including "password", "p@$$w0rd", and "1234567". The large body of data has proven invaluable to whitehats and blackhats alike in identifying passwords that on their face may appear strong but can be cracked in a matter of seconds.
Now, Android lock patterns—the password alternative Google introduced in 2008 with the launch of its Android mobile OS—are getting the same sort of treatment. The Tic-Tac-Toe-style patterns, it turns out, frequently adhere to their own sets of predictable rules and often possess only a fraction of the complexity they're capable of. The research is in its infancy since Android lock Patterns (ALPs) are so new and the number of collected real-world-patterns is comparatively miniscule. Still, the predictability suggests the patterns could one day be subject to the same sorts of intensive attacks that regularly visit passwords
Marte Løge, a 2015 graduate of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, recently collected and analyzed almost 4,000 ALPs as part of her master's thesis. She found that a large percentage of them—44 percent—started in the top left-most node of the screen. A full 77 percent of them started in one of the four corners. The average number of nodes was about five, meaning there were fewer than 9,000 possible pattern combinations. A significant percentage of patterns had just four nodes, shrinking the pool of available combinations to 1,624. More often than not, patterns moved from left to right and top to bottom, another factor that makes guessing easier.
"Humans are predictable," Løge told Ars last week at the PasswordsCon conference in Las Vegas, where she presented a talk titled Tell Me Who You Are, and I Will Tell You Your Lock Pattern. "We're seeing the same aspects used when creating a pattern locks [as are used in] pin codes and alphanumeric passwords."
ALPs can contain a minimum of four nodes and a maximum of nine, making there 389,112 possible combinations. In a similar fashion as passwords, the number of possible combinations grows exponentially with the length, at least up to a point. Here's the breakdown:
Length Number of combinations 4 1,624 5 7,152 6 26,016 7 72,912 8 140,704 9 140,704
As part of her thesis, Løge asked subjects to create three ALPs, one for an imaginary shopping app, a second for an imaginary banking app, and the last to unlock a smartphone. Sadly, the minimum four-node pattern was the most widely created one by both male and female subjects, followed by five-node ALPs. For reasons Løge still can't explain, eight-node patterns were the least popular, attracting significantly fewer subjects than nine-node choices, even though both offered the same number of possible combinations. The slide below contrasts choices of males on the top with those of females below, showing that the former were much more likely to pick longer patterns over shorter ones.
Males were much more likely than females to choose long and complex patterns, with young males scoring the highest.The slide below illustrates the overall breakdown between men's and women's choices differently.
Keep it complex
Løge said the number of nodes isn't the only thing that determines how susceptible an ALP is to guessing attacks. The specific sequence of nodes is also key in how complex a pattern is. Assigning the nine nodes the same digits found on a standard phone interface, the combination 1, 2, 3, 6 will receive a lower complexity score than the combination 2, 1, 3, 6, since the latter pattern changes direction. A team of researchers formalized this scoring system in a 2014 paper titled Dissecting pattern unlock: The effect of pattern strength meter on pattern selection.
With minimum possible scores ranging from a minimum of 6.6 and a maximum of 46.8, the average score in her study was just 13.6. The highest score measured in the study was 44.4. "Patterns with high complexity scores, people are not able to remember," Løge said. Compared with females, males picked more complex patterns, such as those with a 2, 3, 1 sequence. Almost none of the female respondents chose such crossovers.
Weakest link
Data breaches over the years have repeatedly shown some of the most common passwords are "1234567", "password", and "letmein". Løge said many ALPs suffer a similar form of weakness. More than 10 percent of the ones she collected were fashioned after an alphabetic letter, which often corresponded to the first initial of the subject or of a spouse, child, or other person close to the subject. The discovery is significant, because it means attackers may have a one-in-ten chance of guessing an ALP with no more than about 100 guesses. The number of guesses could be reduced further if the attacker knows the names of the target or of people close to the target.
"It was a really fun thing to see that people use the same type of strategy for remembering a pattern as a password," Løge said. "You see the same type of behavior."
Attackers might be able to vastly improve their ability to predict ALPs by gathering large numbers of them and building what scientists call a Markov model. Her research didn't focus on methods for cracking patterns because of ethical considerations concerning the security of her subjects.
Surprise
One of the study's biggest surprises was the minimal use of eight-node patterns, by both males and females. Both sexes were two to four times more likely to choose a nine-node pattern rather than one with eight nodes, even though both provided precisely the same number of possible combinations. Another unexpected finding, left-handed users tended to pick the same starting places as their right-handed counterparts.
Løge had several suggestions for ways to make ALPs more secure. The first, naturally, is to choose one with more nodes and a higher complexity score. Another is to incorporate crossovers, since it makes it harder for an attacker looking over the target's shoulder to trace the precise sequence. Better yet, she suggested people open the Security category in their Android settings and turn off the "make pattern visible" option. This will prevent the drawing of lines that connect each pattern node, making shoulder surfing even more difficult.
Economy growth in the US slowed from October to December last year, although the dip wasn't as dramatic as originally thought, the Commerce Department said on Friday.
As the government's economists revised an initial estimate to show growth of 1.4 percent compared to the same period last year rather than 0.7 percent, they said fairly robust consumer spending was to thank.
That's significant because the money spent by ordinary citizens on goods and services accounts for more than two-thirds of all economic activity in the US. When consumer spending is up, it underscores broader economic health.
At the moment, Americans are opening their wallets due to favorable labor market conditions (read: low unemployment) and rising house prices, both of which allow for more disposable income.
Experts have noted that the upward revision should allay some fears of a recession, a scenario that made some investors nervous earlier this year, leading to a massive stock market sell-off.
cjc/kd (Reuters, AFP)
Woman 'blew up like a balloon'
The incident baffled doctors at Guy's Hospital
A woman who impaled herself on a helium gas cylinder blew up like a balloon - and thought she was going to explode.
The bizarre accident reportedly happened when Samantha Munns, 35, fell onto the sharp nozzle of a helium cylinder used to inflate children's balloons.
She had fallen from a stepladder at her toy shop in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
And in a turn of events which has baffled doctors, her leg and stomach swelled up to twice their normal size within seconds.
Mother-of-two Mrs Munns said: "I was panic-stricken. I thought I was going to explode.
I've heard every joke there is about balloons, windbags and gas
Samantha Munns "I was very frightened and thought I was going to die.
"I could see my whole thigh and stomach instantly blowing up. I looked as if I was five months pregnant."
Baffled doctors at Cheltenham General Hospital didn't know what to do and phoned Guy's Hospital in London for advice.
In the end, Mrs Munns was told to rest and allow time for the gas to disperse naturally.
She added: "For five days I couldn't even stand up. It took two weeks to get back to normal.
"Now people think it's very funny. I've heard every joke there is about balloons, windbags and gas."
Houses in Sydney's inner city and eastern suburbs, along with apartments on the lower north shore, have taken the biggest hits as the city's five-year property boom comes to an end.
But a continued influx of Chinese buyers is expected to keep a floor under property prices, with one in four new homes in NSW being snapped up by Chinese, according to a Credit Suisse analysis of NSW Revenue figures.
The median value of houses in the inner city and eastern suburbs tumbled. Credit:Peter Braig
Sydney's median house price fell 1.9 per cent to $1,167,516 in the three months to the end of September, making it one of the country's worst performers, says Domain Group's State of the Market report to be released on Thursday. Domain Group is owned by Fairfax Media, publisher of The Sydney Morning Herald.
But the median value of houses in the inner city and eastern suburbs tumbled by a supersized 6 per cent to $2.17 million.
BANGKOK — Thailand's military junta on Sunday extended its rule by at least seven months when its handpicked reform council rejected a constitution written by its own drafting committee.
The vote was described by some commentators as political theater and contributed to what appears to be growing cynicism in Thailand toward the military's reign. The vote in the National Reform Council was 135 against the constitution and 105 in favor. The junta will now appoint another body to start the process of writing a new constitution, a process that keeps the military in power well into 2016.
Thitinan Pongsudhirak, one of the country's most prominent commentators, described the rejection of the constitution as “a sideshow in the junta's prolonged and indefinite rule.”
Thailand's military, which seized power from a democratically elected government in May 2014, has given vague promises about a return to democracy. But it seems to be in no hurry to do it.
HOBOKEN -- It may have been snowing outside, but the air inside Our Lady of Grace Church in Hoboken yesterday was thick with the spicy aroma of chili as Hoboken Volunteers hosted their sixth annual chili cook-off and home brewing contest.
More than 400 attendees were treated to an afternoon sampling dozens of varieties of homemade chili and beer from 30 amateur chili chefs and 20 home brewers. The proceeds went to the benefit of Jesus Name Charities Interfaith Food Pantry in Hoboken.
Contest organizer Tim Occhipinti of Hoboken Volunteers, a nonprofit that aims to involve Hoboken residents in volunteer projects in the community, said he hopes to beat last year's fundraising goal of $11,000, which benefited the Jubilee Center.
"We're here to kick butt and take names," said brothers Jerome and Christopher Kearns, whose "Big Belly Chili" featured beef and pork, five different peppers, three types of beans, beer, beef stock, tomatoes and corn. "We love serving people and seeing their smiles when they like our chili."
The chili was judged by "Big Brother 13" contestant Adam Poch, former Hoboken Volunteers chili champion Abbey Bell, and "Hell's Kitchen" season 13 executive chef and contestant Frank Bilotti.
Each winner will receive a trophy and a $200 gift certificate to Dino & Harry's Steakhouse in Hoboken.
Judges' Choice beer: Ginger and the Giant Kolsch Beer.
Fan Favorite beer: Beardman Brewing.
Judges' Choice chili: Murphy's Irish Chili.
Fan Favorite chili: Mary's Bloody Mary Chili.
Historical Hockey Memorabilia Auction June 2017
Category: Search By: Title & Description Lot Number Title Description
Lot #24: Brett Hull Dallas Stars Signed Jersey Collection of 3 from His Collection
This lot is closed for bidding. Bidding ended on 6/21/2017
Cool opportunity here is this lot of three Brett Hull Dallas Stars jerseys, each autographed by the Golden Brett himself. Included are three signed Stars Hull No. 22 jerseys, two with size L flag tags, and one a size XL, all with NHL and CCM tags attached to the left wrist. Brett has signed in blue marker along with the “HOF 2009” notation on the bottom of the right “2” of each of the three jerseys. Great mementos to conjure up memories of Hull's Stanley Cup-winning goal for Dallas in 1999. Comes with Brett Hull's signed LOA.
Hover Over Image to Zoom
The prince, a grandson of Saudi Arabia's founder, attacked the U.S. magazine's ranking of world billionaires as flawed and biased against Middle Eastern businesses after he was ranked number 26 in this year's list.
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal.
Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has sued Forbes magazine for libel in a British court, alleging its valuation of his wealth at $20 billion was short of the mark by $9.6 billion, Britain's Guardian newspaper reported on Friday.
The prince, a grandson of Saudi Arabia's founder and nephew of King Abdullah, had attacked the U.S. magazine's ranking of world billionaires as flawed and biased against Middle Eastern businesses after he was ranked number 26 in this year's list.
An official at the High Court in London confirmed that Prince Alwaleed had filed a defamation suit against Forbes, its editor Randall Lane, and two of its journalists on April 30. Details of the claim were not immediately available.
Through his Kingdom Holding Company, Prince Alwaleed owns large stakes in Citigroup, News Corp and Apple Inc, among other companies. He is also owner or part-owner of luxury hotels including the Plaza in New York, the Savoy in London and the George V in Paris.
This year's Forbes World Billionaires list was published on March 4, and the following day Kingdom Holding said the valuation process used "incorrect data" and "seemed designed to disadvantage Middle Eastern investors and institutions".
The public spat attracted a lot of comment, but Forbes stuck by its estimate of Prince Alwaleed's wealth and published an in-depth article in its March 25 issue entitled "Prince Alwaleed and the curious case of Kingdom Holding stock".
The article gave details about how Forbes had arrived at the figure of $20 billion and criticised what it described as a lack of transparency by Kingdom Holding in detailing its assets.
The article also described Prince Alwaleed's marble-filled, 420-room Riyadh palace, his private Boeing 747 equipped with a throne, and his 120-acre resort on the edge of the Saudi capital with five homes, five artificial lakes and a mini-Grand Canyon.
The High Court official in London said the two journalists named in the defamation claim were Kerry Dolan, the author of the article, and Francine McKenna, who was credited with additional reporting.
No date has been set for a court hearing in the case, which is in its very early stages, the official said.
The law firm Kobre & Kim, which the Guardian said was acting for Prince Alwaleed in the suit, declined to comment. New York-based Forbes could not immediately be reached for comment.
The Guardian article quoted the magazine as saying: "We're very surprised at claims that Prince Alwaleed has decided to sue Forbes, particularly if he has done so in the United Kingdom, a jurisdiction that has nothing whatsoever to do with our recent story which raised questions about his claims about his wealth."
Media lawyer Jonathan Coad, of the London firm Lewis Silkin, said London was seen as a more attractive place than New York to bring defamation suits because U.S. libel law made higher requirements of claimants.
"In the U.S., a high-profile claimant has to prove firstly that the article was untrue and secondly that the publisher knew that the article was untrue, which is what we call malice. Those are two hurdles that a UK libel action does not present," said Coad, who is not involved in the Prince Alwaleed case.
Under British libel law, a claimant has only to prove that a publication was defamatory. Then the burden of proof passes to the defendant, who has several possible defences, including that the publication was true.
: Basic and Clinical Neuroscience Mary V. Solanto , Amy Frances Torrance Arnsten , F. Xavier Castellanos Oxford University Press , 2001 - 410 עמודים 0 ביקורות Stimulant drugs are widely used in the treatment of ADHD in children and adults. Hundreds of studies over the past 60 years have demonstrated their effectiveness in improving attention span, increasing impulse control, and reducing hyperactivity and restlessness. Despite widespread interest in these compounds, however, their mechanisms of action in the central nervous system have remained poorly understood. Recent advances in the basic and clinical neurosciences now afford the possibility of elucidating these mechanisms. The current volume is the first to bring this expanding knowledge to bear on the central question of why and how stimulants exert their therapeutic effects. The result is a careful, comprehensive, and insightful integration of material by well-known scientists that significantly advances our understanding of stimulant effects and charts a course for future research. Part I presents a comprehensive description of the clinical features of ADHD and the clinical response to stimulants. Part II details the cortical and subcortical neuroanatomy and functional neurophysiology of dopamine and norepinephrine systems with respect to the regulation of attention, arousal, activity, and impulse control and the effects of stimulants on these systems. Part III is devoted to clinical research, including recent studies of neuroimaging, genetics, pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties of stimulants, effects on cognitive functions, neurophysiological effects in humans with and without ADHD and in non-human primates, and comparison of stimulants and non-stimulants in the treatment of ADHD. Part IV is a masterful synthesis that presents alternative models of stimulant drug action and generates key hypotheses for continued research. The volume will be of keen interest to researchers and clinicians in psychiatry, psychology, and neurology, neuroscientists studying stimulants, and those pursuing development of new drugs to treat ADHD.
הצג תצוגה מקדימה של ספר זה »
The Chicken Tax is a 25 percent tariff on light trucks (and originally on potato starch, dextrin, and brandy) imposed in 1964 by the United States under President Lyndon B. Johnson in response to tariffs placed by France and West Germany on importation of U.S. chicken.[1] The period from 1961–1964[2] of tensions and negotiations surrounding the issue was known as the "Chicken War," taking place at the height of Cold War politics.[3]
Eventually, the tariffs on potato starch, dextrin, and brandy were lifted,[4] but since 1964 this form of protectionism has remained in place to give U.S. domestic automakers an advantage over competition (e.g., from Japan and Thailand).[5] Though concern remains about its repeal,[6][7] a 2003 Cato Institute study called the tariff "a policy in search of a rationale."[4]
As an unintended consequence, several importers of light trucks have circumvented the tariff via loopholes, known as tariff engineering. Ford (ostensibly a company that the tax was designed to protect), imported its first generation Transit Connect light trucks as "passenger vehicles" to the U.S. from Turkey, and immediately stripped and shredded portions of their interiors (e.g., installed rear seats, seatbelts) in a warehouse outside Baltimore.[1] To import vans built in Germany, Mercedes "disassembled them and shipped the pieces to South Carolina, where American workers put them back together in a small kit assembly building."[8] The resulting vehicles emerge as locally manufactured, free from the tariff.
Background [ edit ]
Atlantic Monthly bemoaned the effect of industrialized chicken production on the quality of the chicken that the U.S. was exporting, calling it a "battery-bred, chemically fed, sanitized, porcelain-finished, money-back-if-you-can-taste-it bird". A cartoon accompanying the column portrays chicken being fed into a machine—the "Instofreezo Automatic Food Processor, Packager & Deflavorizer, A Product of the U.S.A." A production executive stands atop the machine as it pumps out cubes of generic chicken food product, which threaten to engulf the globe.[9] One columnist forbemoaned the effect of industrialized chicken production on the quality of the chicken that the U.S. was exporting, calling it a "battery-bred, chemically fed, sanitized, porcelain-finished, money-back-if-you-can-taste-it bird". A cartoon accompanying the column portrays chicken being fed into a machine—the "Instofreezo Automatic Food Processor, Packager & Deflavorizer, A Product of the U.S.A." A production executive stands atop the machine as it pumps out cubes of generic chicken food product, which threaten to engulf the globe.
Largely because of post-World War II intensive chicken farming and accompanying price reductions, chicken, once internationally synonymous with luxury, became a staple food in the U.S.[10] Prior to the early 1960s, not only had chicken remained prohibitively expensive in Europe, but it had also remained a delicacy.[11] With imports of inexpensive chicken from the U.S., chicken prices fell quickly and sharply across Europe, radically affecting European chicken consumption.[11] In 1961, per capita chicken consumption rose up to 23% in West Germany.[11] U.S. chicken captured nearly half of the imported European chicken market.[11]
Subsequently, the Dutch accused the U.S. of dumping chickens at prices below cost of production.[11] The French government banned U.S. chicken and raised concerns that hormones could affect male virility.[11] German farmers' associations accused U.S. poultry firms of fattening chicken artificially with arsenic.[11]
Coming on the heels of a "crisis in trade relations between the U.S. and the Common Market,"[11] Europe moved ahead with tariffs, intending that they would encourage Europe's postwar agricultural self-sufficiency.[12] European markets began setting chicken price controls.[11] France introduced the higher tariff first, persuading West Germany to join them—even while the French hoped to win a larger share of the profitable German chicken market after excluding U.S. chicken.[3] Europe adopted the Common Agricultural Policy, imposing minimum import prices on all imported chicken and nullifying prior tariff bindings and concessions.
Beginning in 1962, the U.S. accused Europe's Common Market of unfairly restricting imports of American poultry. By August 1962, U.S. exporters had lost 25% of their European chicken sales.[11] Losses to the U.S. poultry industry were estimated at US$26–28 million[3] (over US$210 million in 2014 dollars).
Senator J. William Fulbright, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Democratic Senator from Arkansas, a chief U.S. poultry-producing state, interrupted a NATO debate on nuclear armament to protest trade sanctions on U.S. chicken,[3] going so far as to threaten cutting U.S. troops in NATO. Konrad Adenauer, then Chancellor of Germany, later reported that President John F. Kennedy and he had a great deal of correspondence over a period of two years, about Berlin, Laos, the Bay of Pigs Invasion, "and I guess that about half of it has been about chickens."[3][11]
Diplomacy failure and the UAW [ edit ]
U.S. sales of Volkswagen Type 2 vans in pickup and commercial configurations were curtailed by the Chicken Tax.
Diplomacy failed after 18 months,[4][13] and on December 4, 1963, President Johnson imposed a 25% tax (almost 10 times the average U.S. tariff) by executive order (Proclamation 3564) [14] on potato starch, dextrin, brandy, and light trucks, effective from 7 January 1964.[14]
With Johnson's proclamation,[4] the U.S. had invoked its right under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT),[12] whereby an offended nation may increase tariffs by an equal amount to losses from discriminating tariffs. Officially, the tax targeted items imported from Europe approximating the value of lost American chicken sales to Europe.[15]
In retrospect, audio tapes from the Johnson White House, revealed a quid pro quo unrelated to chicken. In January 1964, President Johnson attempted to convince United Auto Workers' president Walter Reuther not to initiate a strike just before the 1964 election and to support the president's civil-rights platform. Reuther, in turn, wanted Johnson to respond to Volkswagen's increased shipments to the United States.[15]
The Chicken Tax directly curtailed importation of German-built Volkswagen Type 2s in configurations that qualified them as light trucks, that is, commercial vans and pickups.[15]
In 1964, U.S. imports of "automobile trucks" from West Germany declined to a value of US$5.7 million—about one-third the value imported in the previous year. Soon after, Volkswagen cargo vans and pickup trucks, the intended targets, "practically disappeared from the U.S. market."[4]
VW Type 2s were not the only vehicle line affected. As a direct result of the Chicken Tax, Japanese automakers Toyota (with its Publica, Crown, and Corona coupe utes), Datsun (Sunny truck), Isuzu (Wasp), and Mazda (Familia), which were selling pickup trucks, coupe utility vehicles, and panel deliveries in the US at the time, pulled these models out of the North American and Caribbean markets and did not bring over many models sold elsewhere.
Ramifications [ edit ]
chassis-cab configuration (less truck bed) to circumvent the Chicken Tax Chevrolet LUV : imported from 1978–1987 inconfiguration (less truck bed) to circumvent the Chicken Tax
U.S. bound Ford Transit Connect : pieces of its interior are shredded to circumvent the Chicken Tax
The tariff affected any country (such as Japan) seeking to bring light trucks into the U.S. and effectively "squeezed smaller Asian truck companies out of the American pickup market."[16] Over the intervening years, Detroit lobbied to protect the light-truck tariff, thereby reducing pressure on Detroit to introduce vehicles that polluted less and that offered increased fuel economy.[15]
As of March 2018, the 1964 tariff of 25% remains levied on imported light trucks.[17] Robert Z. Lawrence, professor of international trade and investment at Harvard University, contends the tax crippled the U.S. automobile industry by insulating it from real competition in light trucks for 40 years.[18]
Circumventing the tariff [ edit ]
Japanese manufacturers initially found they could export "chassis cab" configurations (which included the entire light truck, less the cargo box or truck bed) with only a 4% tariff.[4] A truck bed would subsequently be attached to the chassis in the United States and the vehicle could be sold as a light truck. Examples included the Chevrolet LUV and Ford Courier. The "chassis-cab" loophole was closed in 1980.[4] From 1978–1987, the Subaru BRAT carried two rear-facing seats (with seatbelts and carpeting) in its rear bed to meet classification as a "passenger vehicle" and not a light truck.
The U.S. Customs Service changed vehicle classifications in 1989, automatically relegating two-door SUVs to light-truck status.[4] Toyota Motor Corp., Nissan Motor Co., Suzuki (through a joint venture with GM), and Honda Motor Co. eventually built assembly plants in the U.S. and Canada in response to the tariff.[1]
From 2001 to 2006, cargo van versions of the Mercedes and Dodge Sprinter were manufactured in assembly kit form in Düsseldorf, Germany, then shipped to a factory in Gaffney, South Carolina, for final assembly with a proportion of locally sourced parts complementing the imported components.[19] The cargo versions would have been subject to the tax if imported as complete units, thus the importation in knock-down kit form for U.S. assembly.[20]
Ford imported all of its first-generation Transit Connect models as "passenger vehicles" by including rear windows, rear seats, and rear seat belts.[1] The vehicles are exported from Turkey on ships owned by Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics (WWL), arrive in Baltimore, and are converted back into light trucks at WWL's Vehicle Services Americas, Inc. facility by replacing rear windows with metal panels and removing the rear seats and seat belts.[1] The removed parts are not shipped back to Turkey for reuse, but shredded and recycled in Ohio.[1] The process exploits the loophole in the customs definition of a light truck; as cargo does not need seats with seat belts or rear windows, presence of those items automatically qualifies the vehicle as a "passenger vehicle" and exempts the vehicle from "light truck" status. The process costs Ford hundreds of dollars per van, but saves thousands in taxes.[1] U.S. Customs and Border Protection estimated that between 2002 and 2018 the practice saved Ford $250m in tariffs.[21]
Chrysler introduced the Ram ProMaster City, an Americanized version of the Fiat Doblò, in 2015 — building the vehicle at the Tofaş plant in Turkey, importing only passenger configurations and subsequently converting cargo configurations.
In 2009, Mahindra & Mahindra Limited announced it would export pickup trucks from India in knock-down kit form, again to circumvent the tax.[5] These are complete vehicles that can be assembled in the U.S. from kits of parts shipped in crates.[5][22] The export plans were later cancelled.
Light trucks manufactured in Mexico and Canada, such as the Ram series of trucks manufactured in Saltillo, Mexico, and Canadian-built Chevrolet, GMC, and Ford truck models, are not subject to the tax under the North American Free Trade Agreement.
References [ edit ]
SNc Channels:
Search
About Salem-News.com
Jun-12-2012 16:48 TweetFollow @OregonNews Gates and Monsanto Go After Milk In the near future, human development can potentially be dictated by corporate America, through the Bill & Malinda [sic] Gates Foundation and their $8.3 U.C. Davis grant.
Courtesy: alanmesher.com
(WASHINGTON DC) - Monsanto's head of the FDA's food safety division is threatening to get rid of raw (real) milk, and the real reason for this may have reared its ugly head. The following is certainly not a scientific assessment of Gates' project but it is clear he is intending to genetically engineer milk and is looking at altering immunity itself. BILL GATES PAYS FOR EXPERIMENTS TO GENETICALLY MODIFY HUMANS deathbyvaccination.com/ Bill Gates just gave an $8.3 million grant to develop GMO Designer Humans. By simply altering, deleting, or adding certain gut bacteria (genes) and fungi, corporations can create “Designer Human Consumers” in the near future, and Bill Gates wants to do just that, starting by “spiking” the milk that a toddler drinks. Gates and corporations he licenses, could potentially make a human short, tall, smart, dumb, submissive, aggressive, autistic, savant, healthy, or constantly in need of pharmaceutal [sic] drugs, or depend on WINDOWS computer based assistance for the rest of their life. Worst of all, Gates could potentially control how long you live. In the near future, human development can potentially be dictated by corporate America, through the Bill & Malinda [sic] Gates Foundation and their $8.3 U.C. Davis grant. http://mills.ucdavis.edu/ large-multicampus-gates- foundation-project-initiated Are these genetically engineering people? And with what authority? With unlabeled GMOs, how would anyone defend themselves against their immune system being permanently deregulated by genetically engineered milk? What safe milk would be left if the FDA manages to ban raw milk, or should one say, non-industrial milk not contaminated by pesticides, GMOs, hormones, antibiotics, and the Crohn's bacterium? If GE-milk was approved, there could be constant changes to the milk, subjecting people to whatever genetically engineered unknowns Gates may wish to try out on people. While Gates is looking to genetically engineer milk and perhaps gut bacteria itself, a significant study has just shown that normal bacteria-rich yogurt which supports the person's own gut bacteria (their immune system) equals or even outdoes AIDS drugs. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ pmc/articles/PMC3056109/
Kathryn Dewey, Nutrition, (530) 752-0851, kgdewey@ucdavis.edu
Pat Bailey, UC Davis News Service, (530) 752-9843, pjbailey@ucdavis.edu
Monsanto | Environment | Business | Health | Vietnam | Most Commented on
Articles for June 11, 2012 | Articles for June 12, 2012 | Articles for June 13, 2012
So much for Kevin White's optimism about a return to the field.
Chicago Bears general manager Ryan Pace announced Saturday that White -- the seventh overall pick in the 2015 NFL Draft -- has a stress fracture in his shin that will require surgery. White will begin the season on the team's PUP list and could miss his entire rookie season.
Pace said that White suffered a setback in his recovery this week, prompting the need for surgery. The team confirmed that White developed a stress fracture in his shin during OTAs. The hope was that rest and rehabilitation would solve the issue. The discomfort returned this week and coaches noticed a change in White's gait.
By remaining on the PUP list, White is guaranteed to miss at least the first six games of the regular season, though it appears the Bears anticipate a longer absence than that.
The news comes less than 24 hours after White said he was ready to return to practice.
"I feel I can play. But you've got to look at the coaches, trainers and if they say, 'Kevin, give it another week,' that's what I have to do," he said Friday. "Hopefully we'll get some good news and hopefully I'll be back out there very soon."
The Bears drafted White with the vision of the former West Virginia standout replacing Brandon Marshall as a top target for Jay Cutler across from star wideout Alshon Jeffery. With White out of the picture for the foreseeable future, veteran Eddie Royal will assume a much bigger role in the offense.
New Bears coach John Fox was expected to lean on the run more than his predecessor, Marc Trestman. That might be especially true now that the Bears have lost White, who was expected to make an instant impact as a rookie. This is an extremely tough break for a team in transition.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast features the gang breaking down Jimmy Garoppolo's preseason debut and Ameer Abdullah's breakout game.
From 'Lost' To 'Leftovers', Show Creators Embrace Ambiguity And The Unknown
Enlarge this image toggle caption Van Redin/HBO Van Redin/HBO
Damon Lindelof, the creator of the TV series Lost, has always been drawn to supernatural storytelling. As he explains to Fresh Air's Terry Gross, he is particularly interested "real-world stories where the supernatural can and often does occur."
"The question that has fascinated me the most — and I'm sure I'm not alone in this — is what happens when you die?" Lindelof says. "I think that the storytelling that I'm interested in is really talking about death and loss and grief."
Death, loss and grief are all central themes in Lindelof's HBO series, The Leftovers. Now in its second season, the show is based on a novel by Tom Perrotta, which tells the story of those left behind after 140 million people mysteriously disappear from Earth in an event known as the "Great Departure."
Perrotta, who co-created the show and who joins Lindelof for the interview, describes the Departure as an "earth-shattering event," which leaves the characters scrambling for answers that they may never learn. Perrotta says that it's this search for understanding that powers the show.
"I think one of the things that The Leftovers has taught me is just how much people need stories, and one of the things they need the stories for is, I think, to alleviate this anxiety of the human condition, which are we just don't know," Perrotta says. "We're still telling each other stories to make it better."
Interview Highlights
On what they envisioned for season two
Tom Perrotta: The first thing to say is that as we've worked on the show over the past two seasons we've come to really like the idea that the Departure functions as a kind of foundational event, and that our characters are in a sense living in a religious ground zero. Basically the old religions don't make sense to them anymore and because this event has a kind of cosmic significance, they are forced to create new religions, and so what we have in this place, the Miracle National Park, is a kind of contemporary American holy land and it's some combination of Lourdes and Disneyland and Burning Man — we have a whole bunch of contemporary metaphors that we think would be the basis for an American holy land in the making.
This event has happened that basically is unprecedented. 140 million people give or take have disappeared instantaneously. It resembles the Christian rapture but, of course, also makes a mockery of the Christian rapture, because it was random in the way that it worked, so Christians don't believe that this makes sense within their cosmology. We haven't really gotten into a whole bunch of other religions, but there's just a sense in the show that new religions have all the energy and old religions seem bewildered and silent in the face of this literally earth-shattering event.
On why the Book of Job is quoted on the show
Damon Lindelof: Job is an amazingly powerful and mysterious part of the Old Testament, and one that I've always been fascinated by and with. ... The story of Job, what God does to Job and why, what the moral of the story is, is still something that people are debating, and will continue to debate as long as there are people alive to debate it. ...
The question that you want coming out of Job is 'Why did you do this to me? What was the purpose? Why did you destroy my lands and kill my family and cover me in boils? I still believe in you, I just want to know why.' And this is the answer, an excerpt of the answer that God gives, which is, if I may annotate, 'Because. Because I can. And I'm just gonna drop the mic and walk away now.' That to me feels like an incredibly apt text for The Leftovers.
On Perrotta's interest in conspiracy theories
Perrotta: My dad was a huge conspiracy — some would say "nut," I would say "junkie." ... I think that certainly there are other television shows, The X-Files is the one that had a huge profound effect on me and my dad. [We'd] watch it together, because everything that they were talking about was a conspiracy theory, whether they were talking about the idea that aliens had colonized the planet or they were talking about the existence of supernatural phenomenon in biblical times. ...
This idea of "What do I believe?" and "How is that belief threatened? Who challenges that idea of belief? Why do we adopt certain systems of belief?" I think the "truther" movement is something that's really fascinating to me and ... the idea of a tragedy like 9/11, for example, where we have a fair amount of very compelling evidence and actual data to corroborate what happened on 9/11, and that there are people who say, "That's not what happened at all, something else happened," that is an emotional coping mechanism, because the truth is so unbelievable, it's so horrific that they would rather believe in the conspiracy. We have characters on The Leftovers who are constantly struggling with this idea.
On Lost fans being mad about the ambiguous ending
Lindelof: I think that the construct of Lost very specifically was a mystery show. That was the bread and butter of that show, and we did it for six years. In many ways, in order to keep telling the story, we had to introduce more and more mysteries beyond the original set of mysteries that were offered in the first season of the show.
But at the same, [co-executive producer] Carleton Cuse and I, we ran the show and had a number of incredibly talented writers with us. We knew that we were building a house of cards that was either going to collapse or we couldn't service every answer possibly for the audience. And I think that while we understood the engine of the show was a mystery engine, the show that we were much more interested in writing was a show about the sort of emotional relationship between these characters, and not dotting every "i" and crossing every "t".
In the final season of the show, probably the episodes that were the least effective were the ones that tried to just tick off the answers to these mysteries and didn't really do the emotional work, because the audience had really come to care about the people on that show.
When I read The Leftovers, which unapologetically basically said, "We are not going to explain to you," or Tom directly saying, "I'm not going to explain where these people went, what happened to the 2 percent of the vanishees. This book is about people who are living in the aftermath, it is the condition of ambiguity that I am interested in talking about."
New emails, obtained through Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by the Republican National Committee and then shared with ABC News made public on October 11, highlight the cozy connections between the Clinton Foundation, Hillary Clinton's State Department, and the Clinton's cronies.
I'm aware of this new information due to my multi-year collaboration with Christine Lakatos and her Green Corruption Files. She alerted me to the “bombshell new evidence” and she now has a full 26-page report available.
The billions of dollars that poured into Haiti after the 2010 earthquake did little to help the 1.5 million people who were displaced when the 7.0 magnitude earthquake destroyed their homes in 2010. Earlier this year, HBO's VICE news magazine series did a segment titled, “The Haitian Moneypit.” In it, Vikram Gandhi takes viewers through the deplorable conditions found in the refugee camps that have no electricity, fresh water, or functioning toilets. He claims that “hundreds of thousands of survivors are still displaced.”
Lakatos explains, “In digging through over 1000 emails from Hillary's State Department related to Haiti, I discovered additional damning proof that the Haiti ‘reconstruction plan' was a huge pay-to-play scheme for filling the coffers of the Clintons and their cronies.” She continues: “We now have an ocean of evidence confirming that our former president Bill Clinton and his wife, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, exploited the poor Haitian people in the wake of the 2010 earthquake.”
In 2015, in an article titled The King and Queen of Haiti, Politico summarizes: “The amounts of money over which the Clintons and their foundation had direct control paled beside the $16.3 billion that donors pledged in all.”
While Lakatos' complete report provides details with links to the supporting documentation, due to space here, I am jumping to, what I believe is, the most dramatic example: The Caracol Industrial Park (CIP)—a $300 million project that was planned before the 2010 earthquake and was built in a part of Haiti that was not impacted by the earthquake (therefore not helping the victims).
The comingling of players, companies and organizations is overwhelming—but one of Hillary Clinton's closest confidants, Cheryl Mills, is at the center of it. Addressing the project and the Clinton's “public-private web,” the New York Times (NYT) states: “Cheryl D. Mills worked ceaselessly to help a South Korean garment maker open a factory in Haiti, the centerpiece of United States government's efforts to jump-start the island nation's economy after the 2010 earthquake.”
In short, “Sea-A Trading secured millions of dollars in incentives to make its Haiti investment more attractive,” writes NYT. Sea-A Trading's chairman Woong-ki Kim became a Clinton Foundation donor after his firm secured the lucrative contract in Haiti. Adding to the intrigue, when Mills left the state department, she started a company called BlackIvy Group—for which Kim is a financial backer. NYT describes the relationship this way: “The partnership with Mr. Kim sheds light on the business activities of Ms. Mills—a longtime Clinton loyalist who is likely to play a significant role in any future Clinton White House—as well as the interlocking public and private relationships that have long characterized the Clintons' inner circle.”
The company makes clothes using Haiti's cheap labor (roughly $6.85 a day—though reports claim the factory doesn't pay that much and has other labor issues). Workers complain that after they pay for lunch and transportation, they don't have enough money left to feed their families. Many feel that they were better off farming the land they were thrown off of to make room for CIP.
The primarily female workforce makes clothes for large American retailers, including Wal-Mart and Gap Inc., which get special tax breaks for importing the clothes made in Haiti. Both companies are Clinton Foundation donors: Wal-Mart has given the foundation $1 to $5 million and Gap has given between $250,000 and $500,000.
Part of the $124 million in “incentives” the U.S. government provided (an unwitting donation from taxpayers) for CIP was to build a power plant to run the factory. While I have been unable to ascertain what fuels the plant, video makes it clear it is not wind or solar that Clinton touts. My research revealed: “Haiti is highly dependent on imported fossil fuels for electric generation.” It is most likely oil-fueled.
The electricity provided by the Caracol Electrification Project also powers some of the surrounding communities. The USAID site features stories of people living with electricity for the first time and elaborates on the dramatic improvement in health and quality of life since the area has reliable power. Many other similar reports exist.
A few months ago, Lakatos and I wrote about Hillary's clean cookstove initiative: The developing world wants natural gas and electricity, Hillary Clinton sends cookstoves. This story is similar.
Considering the conditions in the Sea-A Trading factory and the hundreds of thousands of people throughout Haiti still living in plastic tents and without electricity and the benefits it provides—one must wonder if the hundreds of millions of dollars that went to enriching Clinton Foundation donors, like Kim, wouldn't have been better spent providing reliable fossil-fuel power to the people of Haiti. Doing so would have boosted the economy and helped families improve their lives. But that's not how the Clintons operate and their fingerprints are all over the Haiti recovery efforts. Obviously, they have hurt the Haitian people, while helping themselves and their friends.
The author of Energy Freedom, Marita Noon serves as the executive director for Energy Makes America Great Inc., and the companion educational organization, the Citizens' Alliance for Responsible Energy (CARE). She hosts a weekly radio program: America's Voice for Energy—which expands on the content of her weekly column. Follow her @EnergyRabbit.
Friday's meeting brought new concessions, but it did not alter the bill's fundamental structure, leaving it short of the repeal Republicans promised.
This article has been updated since publication, to reflect last-night changes to the bill.
President Trump bragged that he won over many new converts to House Republicans' “repeal-and-replace” legislation following a Friday meeting with Members of Congress at the White House. After the meeting, House leaders scheduled a vote for later this week on the measure, and introduced provisions implementing the agreement in a managers amendment package late last night.
So what tweaks did Trump promise to Congress members on Friday—and will they improve or detract from the legislation itself?
What Changes Were Announced After The Meeting?
The agreement in principle with the House Members includes several components:
Abortion restrictions for Health Savings Accounts (HSAs): RSC Chairman Mark Walker (R-NC) and other pro-life members asked for further restrictions on abortion funding. As a result, the agreement eliminates language allowing unspent tax credit dollars to get transferred into health savings accounts, for fear those taxpayer dollars moved into HSAs could be used to cover abortions. However, as I noted recently, many of the other restrictions on taxpayer funding of abortion could well get stripped in the Senate, consistent with past precedent indicating that pro-life riders are incidental in their budgetary impact, and thus subject to the Senate's “Byrd rule” preventing their inclusion on budget reconciliation. Prohibiting more states from expanding Medicaid: While this provision has been sold as ensuring no new states would expand Medicaid to able-bodied people, it does not do so—it only ensures that states that decide to expand after March 1 will receive the regular federal match levels for their able-bodied populations (i.e., not the 90-95 percent enhanced match). Neither the bill nor the managers package permanently ends the expansion to able-bodied adults—which the 2015/2016 reconciliation bill did—or ends the enhanced federal match for expansion states until January 2020, nearly three years from now. Medicaid work requirements: The agreement permits—but does not require—states to impose work requirements, a point of contention between some states and the Obama Administration. However, non-expansion states will have comparatively few beneficiaries on which to impose such requirements. Medicaid programs in non-expansion states consist largely of pregnant women, children, and elderly or disabled beneficiaries, very few of whom would qualify for the work requirements in the first place.
Medicaid: Block Grant vs. Per Capita Cap
The fourth component—allowing states to take their federal payments from a reformed Medicaid program as a block grant, instead of a per capita cap—warrants greater examination. In general, per capita caps have been viewed as a compromise between the current Medicaid program and a straight block grant fixed allotment. In the 1994-95 budget showdown with then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich, President Clinton proposed per capita caps for Medicaid as an alternative to the Republican House's block grant plan.
A block grant and a per capita cap differ primarily in how the two handle fluctuations in enrollment: the latter adjusts federal matching funds to reflect changes in enrollment, whereas the former does not. Supporters of per capita caps often cite economic recessions as the rationale for considering their approach superior to block grants. Medicaid's counter-cyclical nature—more people enroll during economic downturns, after losing employer-sponsored coverage—coupled with states' balanced budget requirements, means that during recessions, states often contend with a “double whammy” of rising Medicaid rolls and declining tax revenues. Medicaid per capita caps would mitigate the effects of the first variable, giving states more latitude during tough economic times.
On the other hand, per capita caps give states a greater incentive to enroll more beneficiaries—and a greater disincentive to scrutinize potentially fraudulent applicants—because every new enrollee means greater revenue for the state (albeit capped per beneficiary). Most notably, the per capita caps in the House bill grow at a faster rate than the block grant proposal in the managers package—per capita caps would grow at medical inflation, whereas block grants would grow with general inflation.
In general, while conservatives would support block grants to reduce the federal Medicaid commitment and encourage state economies, it remains unlikely that many states would embrace them—because it is not in their fiscal self-interest to do so,because it is not in their fiscal self-interest to do so, particularly given the disparity in the inflation measures in the House language. If true, this language may end up meaning very little.
Will This Be A Good Deal For Americans?
If Medicaid reforms comprised the entirety of the bill, they would likely be worth supporting, despite the complexities associated with the debate between expansion and non-expansion states. The move to per capita caps represents significant entitlement reform, and is consistent with the principles of federalism.
As a repeal bill, however, the measure as currently constituted falls short. The agreement on Friday made zero progress on repealing any other insurance benefit mandates in Obamacare—the primary drivers of higher premiums under the law. That's one reason why CBO believes premiums will actually rise by 15-20 percent over the next two years. House leadership claims that the mandates must remain in place due to the procedural strictures of budget reconciliation in the Senate. But the inconsistencies in their bill—which repeals one of the mandates, modifies others, and leaves most others fully intact—contradict that rhetoric.
Moreover, by modifying rather than repealing some of the Obamacare mandates, the bill preserves the Washington-centered regulatory structure created by the law, undermining federalism and Tenth Amendment principles.
AHCA Leaves Much To Be Desired
From a fiscal standpoint generally, the bill also leaves much to be desired. It creates at least one new entitlement: refundable tax credits to purchase health insurance. It may create a second new entitlement, this one for insurance companies in the form of a “Patient and State Stability Fund,” totaling $100 billion over 10 years, which insurers will no doubt attempt to renew in a decade's time. (The bill also does not repeal Obamacare's risk corridor and reinsurance bailout provisions, allowing them to continue to disburse billions of dollars in claims owed to insurers.)
While CBO claimed the bill would reduce the deficit by $337 billion, the managers amendment goes to great lengths to spend all of that supposed savings—accelerating the repeal of Obamacare's tax increases, and increasing the inflation measure for some of the per capita caps.
Moreover, it remains unclear whether the “transition” from Obamacare to the new tax credit regime will take place in January 2020 as scheduled. The CBO tables analyzing the bill's fiscal impact clearly delineated how most of the measure's spending reductions will hit in fiscal years 2020 and 2021—right in the middle of the presidential election cycle.
AHCA Doesn't Fully ‘Repeal And Replace'
If President Trump or Republicans in Congress flinch on letting the transition take place as scheduled, the bill's supposed deficit savings will disappear rapidly. Instead, conservatives could be left with “Obamacare Max”—the House bill actually expands and extends Obamacare insurance subsidies for 2018 and 2019—in perpetuity.
The bill's lack of full repeal, the premium increases scheduled to take effect over the next two years, and the spending “cliff” hitting in 2020 leave the bill with little natural political constituency to support it. The way in which the bill falls short of repeal—by keeping Medicaid expansion, keeping Obamacare's insurance regulations, and creating a new entitlement—makes it difficult to support from a policy perspective as well. Friday's meeting may have brought new concessions at the margins, but it did not alter the bill's fundamental structure, leaving it short of the repeal conservatives had been promised—and voted for mere months ago.
Spider Legs: Hydraulics in Action
How Spider Legs Work
Let's face it, spiders are considered creepy by a large majority of people around the world. Yet when you ask them, most folks can't really name what it is about spiders that freaks them out so much. Usually explanations start with beady eyes, fangs, bites, or wrapping up their prey. Spider movement is also at the top of the list. They scuttle and scurry around at night (especially when you turn on the lights and they scamper off), jump, and generally run in a "creepy" way. But what makes their movement really foreign and creepy to us? The answer lies in two key elements of their anatomy, their skeleton and muscles.
First, check out this short video of a spider walking, to give you some context:
Spiders are arthropods, which literally means "joint footed". Like all arthropods they lack bones and an internal skeleton. Instead they have a hard outer skeleton called an exoskeleton. This exoskeleton is made out of chitin, something similar to our fingernails and hair. It's super strong and light. But how does this relate to their creepy-cool movement? Spiders don't have internal bones, which means they don't have the same muscles and attachments that vertebrates have.
In the body of vertebrates, like humans, there are three types of muscles. These are cardiac (heart), visceral (internal organs), or skeletal. The bones of our skeleton are moved by muscles which attach directly to each bone in antagonistic pairs. These are are flexors and extensors. The contraction of flexor muscles causes a joint to bend (think of 'flexing your muscle'), while extensors cause a joint to open. Flexors and extensors give us smoth motion in the movement in our muscles. Spiders don't have this same movement.
Humans only have one major joint per limb (knee, elbow, etc), but spiders have seven joints for each leg. The upshot to having a multi jointed exoskeleton is that spiders don't have the support of bones for a flotilla of flexors and extensors. There isn't enough room inside their bodies for attachment, and even if there was, all those muscles would make them super heavy and lumbering. On top of that spiders wouldn't have enough energy to keep those muscles warm (it's rough being a "cold blooded" creature) nor enough oxygen to support a large number of muscles.
So if spiders can naturally flex their limbs inward, how do they push their legs outward to run, jump, and move without extensors? The answer is hydraulic pressure. A skeleton's body is filled with a fluid that is like blood (though some what different) called hemolymph. If you remember, spiders only have two body parts, the first is the fused head and middle, called a cephalothorax (#2 below). The other is their abdomen (#3).
All eight spider legs are attached to the cephalothroax for a good reason. Each leg's outward movement is controlled through the cephalothroax, which regulates the hydraulic movement and pressure hemolymph. Spiders don't need extensor muscles because they can use fluid movement/hydraulics to "push" out their legs. The cephalothorax acts something like a very finely-tuned, fluid-filled bellows that pushes hemolymph around the body of the spider in a fraction of a second. The flexor muscles in the spider's legs naturally want to contract, but the hydraulic pressure allows the legs to move outward and resist this contraction. Have you ever seen a dead spider with all eight legs curled up? (yes, I know, most of you cheered) This is because when the spider dies its legs naturally contract due to the flexor muscles lacking hydrostatic resistance.
Don't think that just because spiders don't have sets of flexors and extensors that they can't move efficiently. As most of you know they can move quite fast. Jumping spiders (~1-20 mm in length) are thought to be able to jump between 30 and 40 times their own length!
One of the reasons that spiders are naturally skittish and afraid of humans (read predators) is because they rely on hydrostatic pressure in their skeleton. If they are punctured or lose a leg, they they risk losing their pressure and literally deflating. In some species there are checks or valves in their legs to prevent deflation, but if they lose enough hemolymph they wouldn't be able to move. Their main body is also very vulnerable to puncturing and even death.
The other upshot to having an exoskeleton (which all of you arachnophobes will love) is that spiders can't grow to be very big. In part it's because hydraulics of this nature and their affiliate exoskeletons can't support land animals that are very large. Check out my post on "Killer 50 Foot Cockroaches" for more.
SPIDERS AND BIOMIMICRY
As regular readers of my blog know I adore biomimicry, a field of science and engineering dedicated to modeling solutions from nature. Spider hydraulics are currently being studied by researchers to see if they can create robots that move like spiders do. If you haven't read my post on biomimicry and 3D printers, check it out here.
Currently, researchers have created a small robot, made from a 3D printer, that uses hydraulics and pneumatics to jump and crawl. Just like a real spider, the robots legs are controlled through hydraulic pumps in the abdomen of the machine. Now before you get all creeped out, think about the applications of such a machine. Humans could search through rubble and debris in buildings quickly, send robot spiders into hostage situations, scout clogged drains and sewers, go into dangerous mines, or probe caves. Spider movement may seem creepy to you, but there is some great technology that can be developed by mimicking spiders.
SPIDER HYDRAULICS LESSONS
The awesome thing about spiders, and their movement, is that you can combine lessons on biology, anatomy, physiology, hydraulics, and pneumatics into an engineering activity for 5-8th grade. I modified a lesson on hydraulic arms to teach about spiders. It can be as simple as using syringes, water, popsicle sticks, hot glue, beads, aquarium hose, and zip ties. My favorite site was "Easy Hydraulic Machines" from the Instructables website. They have step-by-step instructions and a downloadable PDF.
For my classes I started with a quick lesson on spider anatomy, then hydraulics and pneumatics (using syringes and hoses). Next I had students work in groups, and gave them supplies, without building instructions. I had them come up with suggestions for a hydraulic arm, including the criteria and constraints of the project (and yes, this aligns with Next Generation Science Standards). They had to draw a design, figure out materials, develop a concept of how the arm should work and then after approval build the arm. It can take two or three class periods, depending on if you want to have "lifting" challenges.
Here's a short video from the Instructables website, that gives you some ideas:
The beauty of this project is that it can also be done at home, for home school, or just for fun over the holidays. You can even buy hydraulic kits online. There is no end to the creativity!
Even though spiders can be thought of as creepy, I see them as creepy-cool. They offer us a wealth of information and learning, from how they spin a material that is stronger than steel cable, to how they move. Hopefully now you too will have a greater respect for the humble spider, and let him crawl on his way.
I'm always on a lookout for interesting datasets to collect, analyze and interpret. And what better dataset to collect/analyze than the meta-dataset of my own activity collecting/analyzing other datasets? How much time do I *really spend working per day? How do I spend most of that time? What makes me productive? These are all relatively important questions that I'd like answers to, and since I prefer my answers based on data and not confirmation-bias-susceptible personal anecdotes, I wrote ulogme.
“I prefer my answers based on data, not confirmation-bias-susceptible personal anecdotes”
I've now collected my computer usage data over a period of almost 3 months. In this post I'll highlight some of the features of the project, some of the insights I was able to derive so far and some thoughts about where I hope I can take it next. And who knows, maybe by the end of the post you'll want to become a user yourself :)
What's out there already
The idea of tracking and visualizing your computer activity is not at all new. It has been around in various shapes and forms in Quantified Self circles and several programs already exist that try to fill this need. Among the few better known ones are RescueTime and Toggl, but there are literally tens to hundreds of other quite terrible copies. Among all of these, I couldn't find anything that satisfies a few very simple, basic requirements:
The user interface must be web-based because it's 2014
because it's 2014 Everything must be open source and free
and The data must never leave the local machine (No cloud mambo jambo - too personal!)
(No cloud mambo jambo - too personal!) It must be easily customizable and look pretty
Nothing like this (by far, actually) exists, so I set out to implement my own solution.
Brief Tour of ulogme : Single Day View
ulogme is small and simple: There are two backend components: a tracking script that records activity and a small local web server wrapper that serves the activity logs to the frontend (visualization pages). The tracking script currently records active window titles (at frequency of once every 2 seconds) and keystroke typing frequency.
Lets go through a brief overview of some of the resulting visualizations and features. First there is the single day view. Lets look at my August 1st, for example. The header tells us the day of the recording and there is space for a short “blog” post that can be written up for each day:
Header: day information, refresh button, buttons for going between days, and a little editable "blog" post for the day.
Now we start to get to the meat. It looks like I was in the office from 10AM to 8PM on this day. Now, remember that we record keystrokes and window titles throughout. What follows is the keystroke breakdown for the day:
Keystroke statistics for the day.
We see that I spent most of the day coding in Sublime Text 2 (which I use to write Python/JS/C++) and Gmail - Looks like I wrote quite a bit of email! Next, ulogme shows the barcode of the day, as I like to call it. This is a breakdown of all the windows on that day:
Barcode of the day. Mousing over any of these strips reveals the exact window title.
This view is a little dense so let me unpack it one by one:
The Notes feature (on top) allows me to enter arbitrary notes for any time of day. Notice I also wrote an (optional) feature that looks for notes about coffee and calculates my levels of caffeine based on actual half-life of coffee. I am curious what caffeine does to my productivity!
feature (on top) allows me to enter arbitrary notes for any time of day. Notice I also wrote an (optional) feature that looks for notes about coffee and calculates my levels of caffeine based on actual half-life of coffee. I am curious what caffeine does to my productivity! I group my windows into display groups barcodes , where the first group involves fun (Gmail/Chrome/Non-coding files opened in Sublime Text 2 - such as .markdown for blogging) and the second the group involves work (Matlab/Ipython Notebook with.js/.css/.cpp/.h/.py files, or PDF files opened (papers)). Looks like I spent roughly half of the day on work.
, where the first group involves fun (Gmail/Chrome/Non-coding files opened in Sublime Text 2 - such as .markdown for blogging) and the second the group involves work (Matlab/Ipython Notebook with.js/.css/.cpp/.h/.py files, or PDF files opened (papers)). Looks like I spent roughly half of the day on work. Hacking Streak is a nifty feature that tries to identify contiguous hacking activity and correlates reasonably with my productivity. It looks for active windows that constitute work (I define this in settings) and then for continuous keystrokes above some typing frequency threshold. This indicates that I'm in a state of hacking, and the streak gets gradually interrupted if I switch windows to non-working titles, or if I stop writing code. The longest one visible here were 22 minutes and when I hover over the active title at that time, I see that it was me adding a feature to ulogme. The longest I've seen anyone get is a lab mate beta tester friend with an intense 50-minute hacking streak.
In the end, ulogme shows the final breakdown of titles that occupied me on this day:
The final breakdown of active window titles.
That's interesting, it looks like I actually only spent 10% of my day in Gmail. So even though I wrote a lot, it was just a few emails and chats I quickly sent out.
Brief Tour of ulogme : Global Overview
Insights for one day are interesting, but everything becomes signficiantly more meaningful when it is put in context of a large number of days. Perhaps you noticed the “Overview” link on the header; Clicking this takes you to the overview page of ulogme that takes the statistics for all days and puts them together. I recorded my activity for almost 3 months now. Here is the delicious data visualized for the entire period (with some overlayed annotations):
Total amount of time per day spent in various applications over a period of three months. The titles on top are clickable and toggle on/off the visualization of any one of the titles.
SO AWESOME. There are many fun things to note:
Note the deadline mode right before NIPS paper deadline on June 6th. I was frantically writing Latex for the most part :)
right before NIPS paper deadline on June 6th. I was frantically writing Latex for the most part :) Right after the deadline, you see a dip in activity. This is because I was mostly on my laptop preparing things for the CVPR conference where I had to give a talk. This points to one issue with ulogme - there is no syncing across machines right now.
Notice a few dips on Sundays – apparently Sundays are my rest days :)
Am I just hallucinating this, or is there a fairly significant jump in activity right after breaks (note very high bars right after CVPR and vacation.) This needs more data but it would be interesting if vacations actually made me more productive. We'd have to measure more than just time spent on computer, though.
When I toggle off all non-working titles, the visualizaiton (not shown) reveals that I only spend somewhat depressingly little time actually working. Many days I come into lab in the morning and leave late at night to go straight to sleep, but even these days sometimes add up to only roughly 5-6 hours of actual coding. I was very surprised about this initially and went looking for bugs, but it is true upon closer inspection - there is a short commute, lunch, dinner, random reading groups, meetings, random slacking off on the internet, gmail, etc etc… it all builds up quite quickly! Depressing to see that quantified.
Next, ulogme gives me nice breakdown for both keystrokes and time spent in every window, across all time:
Summary of keys and time per window across all 3 months.
This is a little incomplete because I do some hacking on my laptop, but it paints an interesting picture nonetheless. It looks like I spent a good chunk of desktop time in Matlab, but seemingly I spend the most amount of time in Chrome screwing around and browsing the internet. Great.
What it takes to write a paper. Note that, interestingly, my total time for Latex is 35 hours - this is how long it takes to write a paper! Additionally, I pressed 225,149 keys in my Latex editor and the $ wc -l on my paper .tex file reveals that it has 40,192 characters. Some of it is template code but, at least approximately, this means that it takes about 5.6 characters for every one character in the final paper!
It takes 35 hours and 225,149 keys to write a 40,192-character NIPS paper (i.e. 5.6 characters must be typed for every one final character.)
The final visualization is too long to paste here entirely, but I will show a snippet:
Keystroke frequencies visualized for every day, along with the marginal sums on top and right.
This visualization seems to suggest that I do most of my work between 10AM and 8PM, and a very productive day is about 50,000 keystrokes. You can also see a bit of my post-NIPS refactory period with much lower keystroke activity.
In the end, ulogme tells me that over the last 3 months I've pressed a total of 1,608,943 keys over 83 days, or approximately 19,384 per day.
Going forward
Going forward, I'm hoping to make ulogme into a nice, open-sourced pet project. The code is all available on Github under MIT License and anyone is welcome try it out (if you're on Ubuntu or OSX - Windows is not supported, and if you're using a modern browser).
And if you're feeling extra adventurous, I warmly welcome pull requests for new features or bug fixes. The code base is a mix of Python, Javascript and I use d3.js for all visualizations. The project is in fairly early stages and the code is not among the nicest I've produced, but I've started fairly major refactoring efforts to make the onboarding process easier.
In longer term, I'm hoping that ulogme codebase will evolve to become beautifully modular set of data view plugins that could be customized, stacked up and composed in the user interface as desired.
Im summary, I feel I've gained quite a few insights into my own work habits by just visualizating the data, but there is much more work to be done on the analysis side as well. The holy grail here is still not implemented: What are the correlated of my productivity? Does sleeping more help? Does drinking coffee help? Do vacations or breaks help at all? All of these questions have answers and I can't wait to find them, in the data.
About a year ago, I introduced a musical writing system called The Circle Of 12 Tones that was used to compose most of the material for my latest project ‘Blotted Science – The Machinations Of Dementia'. Since then, I have received lots of emails from fans/musicians informing me that they are currently using the system to write their own material, and are having success. And of course I've also been informed by a few people who are leading themselves to believe that the system is Schoenberg's method where a 12 tone row is chosen, then is used in retrograde, inversion and retrograde inversion forms. The only similarity between “The Circle Of 12 Tones” and Schoenberg's system is all 12 tones are used. That's it.
Not once in my explanation of the 'Circle Of 12 Tones' system do I use the phrases/words “a note cannot be repeated until every other note is played, inversion, retrograde, or retrograde inversion. I guess some people see the words “12 Tone”, then don't bother to read or understand the rest of the entire thing. The only thing you need to do to use "The Circle Of 12 Tones" is have a bit of an imagination to create patterns on a "clock", and to use the system with effect (or make the most of it) is had an understanding of basic music theory (intervals, notes in certain keys/scales, chords, etc…). And if all of this text with numbers and letters is too much to handle and grasp, just watch the videos…
What the system does is group up notes in various set combinations, while giving you the total freedom to do whatever you want with the notes. Normal chord progressions go out the window, chords with dissonance do not have to resolve, new artificial scales/chords/clusters pop up, it goes on and on…
I thought I had thoroughly explained the purpose and use of the system before, but maybe I didn't have enough clear examples of how the notes can be grouped and used in tunes. So let's try again with a bit of visuals synced to the audio. So turn on your speakers, and let's give it another shot.
When laying the 12 tones on the “clock”, I try to arrange the notes so that I find lots of cool note patterns that create different tonality, so that the song will have lots of different “coloring”. Once you get your groups of notes worked out with various visual patterns, you can play the notes as many times as you want, in any pattern, repeat them as you like in any order, etc…
This is how the tones are placed on the clock for a Blotted Science song called ‘Laser Lobotomy'. Each song on the Blotted Science CD has a different “key”, or way that the 12 tones are arranged on the clock.
Laser Lobotomy 12 tone key
The first tune in ‘Laser Lobotomy' has the working title of ‘hi-hat 16ths'. The 12 tones are broken down into 2 groups of 6 notes. Group 1 starts at 12:00, and goes down to 5:00, giving you the notes C D Eb F F# G. Notice that this group of notes (in blue) will give you a minor blues tonality. Why?, because all of the notes fit into C minor/blues scale. Again, if you don't know basic theory, you will not know why these certain notes were put together. Group 2 (in green) starts at 6:00 and goes up to 11:00, giving you the notes C# E G# A A# B. This could be broken down as a C#m7 chord with chromaticism from the G# to the B.
Laser Lobotomy - hi-hat 16ths
The next set of 12 tones is divided into 4 sets of 3 notes in a row. Group 1 is 1:00, 2:00 and 3:00, then goes directly across the clock and gets the notes at 7:00, 8:00 and 9:00 for the 2nd group. Those two groupings play back and forth a few times, then get the other 2 sets of “3 notes in a row” at 4:00, 5:00 and 6:00 (group 3). And again, goes directly across the clock and gets 10:00, 11:00 and 12:00. Here's what the full set of 12 tones looks like…
Group 1 – D Eb G
Group 2 – G# A C#
Group 3 – F Gb Bb
Group 4 – B C E
So what tonality have we now created? You have four m add9 chords a m3 apart. Another way to look at it is spell out a diminished 7 chords and put a m add9 chord on each root note…
Cm add9 – C Eb G D
Ebm add9 – Eb G Bb F
F#m add9 – F# A C# G#
Am add9 – A C E B
Yep, just leave the root notes out, and it's right there, ready for a tune. Actually, I wrote two tunes for this 12 tone grouping. I purposely arranged the groups so that the chords would be repeatedly going back and forth a diminished 5th away. Satan! All 12 tones are used, perfect…
The first tune using this 12 tone grouping has the working title 'Mask'
And the next tune is “work- titled” 'Psycho'.
The next note grouping is every other hour on the clock. This gives us 2 whole tone scales.
Group 1 is all of the odd numbers on the clock, giving us an F whole tone scale. All of the even numbers give us a C whole scale to work with.
Laser Lobotomy - 2 whole tones
And the last tune “Creepy” in the song is made up of the pattern hitting every 3rd note on the clock. Group 1 has 12:00, 3:00, 6:00 and 9:00, getting the notes G A Bb C. Group 2 at 1:00, 4:00, 7:00 and 10:00 gets the notes C# D# E F#. Notice that these two groups have the same interval structure of whole step, half step, and whole step. So if these two groups are put together, what do you get? Yep, and perfect half whole tone scale. And the notes that are left over? G# B D F?... a perfect diminished 7 chords.
Laser Lobotomy – 2 whole tones
NOW do you get it?
Ron
This puzzle came from Elizabeth Gorski, one of the pros. Liz is great at putting fresh entries at the short spaces of a grid. That's very hard to do. There was one thing about the construction I didn't like, and that was at 35 Down. The answer was LORELAI, and the sirens on the Rhine are of course "Lorelei," with an "e-i." Liz's clue was Rory's mom on Gilmore Girls, and I didn't think solvers should have to know that. Sometimes I'll do little fixes myself. But this was big enough that I asked her to revise the grid. You can see the new letters in blue, where I've amended the manuscript. Then the puzzle was accepted. I earmarked it for a Wednesday, because the theme consists of straight-forward English, but it's a little playful.
Click the images below to enlarge
Her clue for 1 Across was simply "Coach Ewbank"—perfectly fine—but I thought there would be some solvers who didn't know who Ewbank is, so I added the words "who led the Jets to a Super Bowl III Championship." That way, if you don't know the name, you'll learn something. Fourteen across was simply out of date: the PAC-10 is now the PAC-12. "Iroquoian language" I changed to "Iroquoian people"—I don't really know it as a language. "Mexican hat" was too easy—of course that's a sombrero—so I said, "A Mexican might sleep under it." Thirty-four is a matter of style: "Middle East" is generally rendered as "Mideast." I'm always working on brevity.
For 26 Down, Liz's clue is "ignited anew." Any time a clue says "anew" or "again" at the end of it, you know the answer's going to be a word starting with "re-." If possible, I like to hide that fact, so I re-clued this as "like a candle night after night." Liz clued 28 as the name of a play. It's trivia, either you know it or you don't. I thought it would be fun to clue it in a misleading way: "90 is a pretty high one." Your first guess is that I'm referring to temperature, and when the answer turns out to be something else you slap your forehead.
One clue that's fun and twisty is 11 Down: "Wet blanket" for SNOW. I can check the database—I bet she's not the first person to ever use that clue. That's just too nice a clue never to have been used before. Hold on one second, I'll see. There is a database of every clue back to my start. [A pause.] I see previous clever clues for SNOW that include "winter fall," "white blanket," "winter blanket," "white coat," "falling flakes"—that's not all that clever. This one's sort of cute—"serial killer." Snow on your TV, it's going to hurt your reception of a serial. Oh, one more. "Drifter," with a question mark. Well, I don't see "wet blanket." Maybe it is fresh.
–Will Shortz, as told to Alex Hoyt
The final version of the puzzle, which ran on Wednesday, August 10th, 2011:
Copyright © 2011 The New York Times
Read past First Drafts from Wilco, Stephen King, Christo, and others.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Final Fantasy XV is now 65% complete despite no release announcement
Final Fantasy XV is still a ways out if today's presentations hold any meaning. Despite words from director Hajime Tabata that the game was progressing as planned, Square Enix decided not to announce a release despite plans for one already laid out internally.
Speaking to DualShockers, Tabata said the game is now 65% complete and “all the plans are now solidly in place both for development and marketing. Everything is ‘proceeding very well' and development is on target.” The game – according to him – is on target for completion.
Additionally, Tabata confirmed the new swamp area shown today – which takes place in the second half of the game – is around 70-80% complete and that there are many parts of the game in the same state.
One of the most underrated sequels within the Texas Chainsaw Massacre series (yes, there is more than one) is the 1990 entry Leatherface: Texas Chainsaw Massacre III.
Back when the film was first released it was butchered by the MPAA but now it seems that Waner Archive is going to be releasing the unrated cut of Blu-ray!
Warner Archive announced the upcoming release on Twitter and let us know that the new disc will be hitting in “early 2018” and even listed some of the special features, which you can check out below.
After looking through all of that make sure to hit us up and let us know how excited you are to own Leatherface: Texas Chainsaw Massacre III UNRATED cut on Blu-ray below!
Special Features:
Filmmaker Commentary
“The Saw is Family”
Deleted Scenes
Alternate End & trailers
The film was directed by Jeff Burr from a screenplay written by David J. Schow and stars Kate Hodge, William Butler, Ken Foree, Tom Everett, Toni Hudson, Viggo Mortensen, Miriam Byrd-Nethery, Jennifer Banko, Joe Unger, and Duane Whitaker, with R.A. Mihailoff as Leatherface.
Leatherface: Texas Chainsaw Massacre III (1990) rips on to Blu-ray in early 2018!
Synopsis:
The legend that became a relentless nightmare continues. The infamous Leatherface is back in the most controversial horror movie of all time. A pair of college students driving coast to coast are lured off the main highway and on to a deserted Texas road. Here they are stalked by the menacing Leatherface and his demented family… a bizarre cannibalistic clan with blood on their hands and a feast on their minds. Their only chance for escape is a survivalist with enough firepower to blast Leatherface and the rest of the grizzly predators to hell. A depraved shocker of intense horror from the gruesome beginning to the bloody finish.
A couple of my posts got linked to on forums for body building and fitness (forums, I will point out, that I could easily have been legitimately a part of). I have now received over 260 comments (none of which I approved) including the following (WARNING: these may be triggering – skip the bullet points if you want to skip the comments and preserve your faith in humanity without the need for a big bottle of brain bleach):
Fat people should all be killed. Fact. Deal with it, stretchmarks.
Sorry fattcakes [sic], fat is unhealthy no matter how much you can do.
I hope you know people, deep inside, laugh at you dancing.
You look like a beached whale that grew legs.
23 commenters (with different e-mail and ip addresses) said “fucking fatty, I hope you die”
One person said “I want to punch you over and over in your fat stomack [sic] and watch you die landwhale”
While I've been typing this I got a comment that said: “If your doctor killed you it would've been a good thing, it would have improved the gene pool. Kidding of course, there is no way any man would ever fuck you” (I can tell them that last claim is false. Turns out that boys – and girls – DO make passes at girls with fat asses.)
You know, there's an Ani Difranco song that I love called Willing to Fight (entire song and lyrics below). She sings:
Tell me who's your boogeyman And that's who I will be You don't have to like me for who I am But we'll see what you're made of By what you make of me
My first reaction to the comments was: Are these people happy with who they are? Would they be proud for their moms, or their kids, to see what they said to me? Would they say it to my face, without the anonymity of the internet? How does the person who wants to punch me in the stomach and watch me die act in real life? Does this person have a fat brother, sister, mother? Do they want to punch them in the stomach and watch them die? If we met on the street should I actually fear for my life? Why are these people so angry? Why isn't it enough to live the way that they think is right rather than saying that they want people who disagree with them to die.
But as stranger after stranger called me names and said that they wanted me to die or that they personally wanted to kill me, I started to get angry at a culture that makes this seem reasonable. We live in a culture that's gone beyond a fascination with thinness to a vocal, socially acceptable, hatred of fat, and this culture spends a tremendous amount of time, energy and money justifying fat hatred. Most often for profit, but it's not just the diet industry that creates a culture of hate. Good intentions are not enough and I believe that we need to hold the people who contribute to a culture of hatred accountable.
Doctors who were paid by diet companies successfully had the definition of a healthy weight lowered and then recommended their funding diet companies' products to ‘solve” the new health “problem” that their definition change created. Those doctors are part of a culture of hate.
Allergan (maker of the lap band) funded a study with deplorable research methods that said that fat people cost businesses $70 Billion a year. They are using that study to convince insurance companies that it's cheaper to pay for lap band surgeries than employ fat people. But every major news outlet ran the story without saying anything about the limitations of the study, and most didn't mention who funded it. I assume because articles about fatties attract readers which attracts advertisers which makes them money. Regardless of why they ran with the story, those news organizations are part of a culture of hate.
By the way Allergan is also the same company who ran a contest where the prize was a major abdominal surgery, a side effect of which is death. One of the provisions of the contest was that you could give the surgery to a friend. Allergan is most definitely part of a culture of hate.
Michelle Obama may have good intentions but she is encouraging fat hatred starting in elementary school. Her war on childhood obesity amounts to a war on obese children and runs completely in opposition to her anti-bullying message. Michelle Obama is helping to create a culture of hate.
And it's not just companies, it's individuals, people I know. DK is a Ph.D. Social Psychologist and she and I spent hours and hours talking about health and self esteem. She and I nearly wrote a book together about self-esteem in fact. We were so excited about talking health instead of weight and talking about Health at Every Size. Instead, she committed herself full-time to a pyramid scheme that sells weight loss products, calls herself a “certified health coach”, posts studies to her Facebook that she has more than enough training to debunk as poor research, and spends her days trying to make people terrified of being fat so that she can sell them her shakes and bars. DK is part of a culture of hate
As far as I'm concerned, every single person – regardless of intention – who encourages thinness under the guise of encouraging health is part of a culture of hate, bullying and intimidation wherein a complete stranger feels comfortable saying that he/she wants to punch someone in the stomach and watch them die because they are fat. Are you telling people that they have to lose weight to be healthy (or attractive, or deserving of respect)? Do you participate in negative body talk about other people? Do you make judgments about the health, abilities, or intelligence of people based on their size? Then I'm talking to directly to you.
This is not the best we can do. Together we can create a society that values health. Actual health. That focuses on giving people the best options for health: affordable, accessible healthy food; affordable movement options that people can enjoy without the threat of stigma; an opportunity to love and appreciate our bodies while we decide what we want to do with them, an awareness that health comes in a variety of body shapes and sizes, and a world that has respect for our choices when it comes to our own health. If you believe that health and thinness are the same thing then you are free to pursue a thin body but there is no reason for you not to respect someone else's belief in Health at Every Size and there is no reason to create a culture of hate against people because they don't think the same thing that you do. To paraphrase Larry Kramer, one of my personal life heroes, “Our culture declares us to be unequal, which means, in this culture, that our enemy is you. You treat us like crumbs. You hate us. And sadly, we let you.”
We can do better.
The upside (I always like to have an upside) is that 3000 views have been directed to my site by these boards which is great for my stats. Only 268 of them have left negative comments so far which is actually less than 10%, and I got 8 new subscribers so maybe I found more like-minded people and maybe, just maybe, I gave some people the opportunity to consider a new point of view.
Most importantly, I get to walk around knowing that I am part of a culture of health: I am proud of my actions and what I write, I say what I believe under my own name – not anonymously with a fake e-mail address, I have way more than 263 comments from people who have been positively affected by my work, I will sleep soundly tonight damn proud of the big fat life I lead.
The windows of my soul
are made of one way glass
don't bother looking into my eyes
if there's something you want to know,
just ask
I got a dead bolt stroll
where I'm going is clear
I won't wait for you to wonder
I'll just tell you why I'm here
'cause I know the biggest crime
is just to throw up your hands
say this has nothing to do with me
I just want to live as comfortably as I can
you got to look outside your eyes
you got to think outside your brain
you got to walk outside you life
to where the neighborhood changes
tell me who's your boogieman
that's who I will be
you don't have to like me for who I am
but we'll see what you're made of
by what you make of me
I think that it's absurd
that you think I
am the derelict daughter
I fight fire with words
words are hotter than flames
words are wetter than water
I got friends all over this country
I got friends in other countries too
I got friends I haven't met yet
I got friends I never knew
I got lovers whose eyes
I've only seen at a glance
I got strangers for great grandchildren
I got strangers for ancestors
I was a long time coming
I'll be a long time gone
you've got your whole life to do something
and that's not very long
so why don't you give me a call
when you're willing to fight
for what you think is real
for what you think is right
Fans can expect to see more of the Wayne family after all.
NBC has officially renewed their freshman comedy, “Marlon,” for a second season, the network announced late Thursday. The series — created by star Marlon Wayans and Christopher Moynihan — follows Wayans as a loving but simultaneously immature father with a big personality committed to co-parenting his two kids with his ex-wife, Ashley (Essence Atkins), who's much more put together than Marlon. Said to be inspired by the real life of Wayans and his family, the series follows the Waynes as they realize that it doesn't always matter how a family works together, so long as they always do.
In addition to Wayans and Atkins, the series stars Bresha Webb, Diallo Riddle, Amir O'Neil, Notlim Taylor, and more. It is produced by Universal Television, Bicycle Path Productions, Baby Way Productions and 3 Arts Entertainment
The news comes just a few weeks after “Marlon” wrapped up its first season earlier this month. Making its premiere as a follow-up to NBC's results show installments of “America's Got Talent,” the series was fairly successful in its ratings throughout its freshman season. “Marlon” averaged a 1.5 rating in adults 18-49 and 5.6 million viewers in each episode in Live +7 ratings and performed particularly well considering its mid-summer premiere date.
That's important to note since, while NBC did put in a Season 2 order for the series, the network did not specify when “Marlon” would return for its second season next year. So it'll be interesting to see if NBC decides to let “Marlon” keep its summer run in 2018, or if it will air during the regular September-to-May season.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
Doctor Who (Classic)Season 4 Doctor Who (Classic)Season 4 "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" Doctor Who (Classic)Season 4 "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" / "The Power Of The Daleks" Title "The Power Of The Daleks" Score A- Episode 14 Title "The Power Of The Daleks" Score A- Episode 13 Title "The Power Of The Daleks" Score A- Episode 12 Title "The Power Of The Daleks" Score A- Episode 11 Title "The Power Of The Daleks" Score A- Episode 10 Title "The Power Of The Daleks" Score A- Episode 9 Created by Innes Lloyd, Gerry Davis, David Whitaker, Dennis Spooner, and Christopher Barry Starring Patrick Troughton, Anneke Wills, Michael Craze, Bernard Archard, Peter Bathurst, Robert James, Nicholas Hawtrey, Pamela Ann Davy Debuts Saturday, November 19 at 8:25 p.m. Eastern on BBC America Format Six-part animated sci-fi serial
Doctor Who was never meant to be an institution, never meant to still be going strong 53 years after it premiered, never meant to still be telling what is fundamentally the same big story it began in 1963. The show's cast, writers, and production team took the show seriously from the start—part of the reason it succeeded far more than anyone could have imagined—but they were making something ephemeral, an entertaining half hour every Saturday evening. That thinking explains why the BBC chose to delete more than 100 episodes in the 1970s, leaving 26 stories from the first two Doctors' eras incomplete, with only fan recordings of the missing episodes' audio surviving. No story is more legendarily lost than 1966's “The Power Of The Daleks,” Patrick Troughton's debut adventure as the second Doctor. Often named by a certain generation of hardcore fans as the best Doctor Who is a story of all time—missing or otherwise—the story has received a hell of a 50th birthday present, as the BBC has brought it back with animated versions of all six episodes. The resulting version of “The Power Of The Daleks” is half 1966 and half 2016, with the viewer left to judge whether the reconstructions ultimately reveal or obscure the otherwise lost story.
Advertisement
Set in the immediate aftermath of the Doctor's regeneration in “The Tenth Planet”—although that actual term wouldn't be coined until Jon Pertwee's departure in 1975—“The Power Of The Daleks” takes the Doctor and his companions Ben and Polly to the planet Vulcan (no relation), where they find themselves embroiled in a deeply petty power struggle between the colony's government, a fledgling rebel group, and a would-be authoritarian usurper. A very sudden murder maneuvers this enigmatic new Doctor into assuming the role of an official from Earth. He uses that position to investigate the colony's research into what their scientists take to be a bunch of lifeless robots but that the Doctor instantly recognizes as his mortal enemies, the Daleks. Without their usual power supply, the Daleks must bide their time and pretend to serve the colonists, who are all self-obsessed enough to believe the Daleks are anything but scheming, manipulative conquerors.
Classic Doctor Who, particularly in its earliest black-and-white incarnation, tends to be a slow-moving affair. Some of that is down to a shift in viewers' sensibilities, and some of it is down to the fact that a story like “The Power Of The Daleks” wasn't intended to be watched in a single feature-length go but rather in half-hour chunks over the course of six weeks. Even allowing for all that, this story can feel downright glacial in the early going, and here the animation can do the adventure few favors. The understandably low-budget animation limits the characters' movement and expressiveness. That's less of an issue once the story builds some momentum and the characters really start arguing with and plotting against one another, but the first couple of episodes originally relied on subtler, non-verbal acting from the cast.
Indeed, animations have previously filled in a missing episode or two for mostly complete serials, but this is the first time a story has no surviving episodes to inform the reconstructions. This animation can't capture the infinite expressiveness of Troughton's face or body language, or the little unexpected bursts of mercurial energy that make his Doctor so captivating, and the lack of surviving episodes makes it harder to guess what all that might look like in the context of his debut outing. The audience's familiarity with other Troughton adventures makes it easier to imagine some percentage of how he would have acted, and the same is true to a lesser extent for his relatively obscure companions Ben and Polly—both of whom are among the most affected in terms of now-missing stories—but the versions of the guest characters the audience sees here are necessarily much flatter than the performances the audience would have seen in 1966.
Advertisement
This isn't a fair representation of “The Power Of The Daleks,” but it also is the best viewers can reasonably expect to get. The audience can only guess as to the accuracy of the story's costumes and sets, and there are a couple instances of wonky staging that might be poor interpretations or faithful recreations of things that looked just as silly a half century ago. Classic Doctor Who already tends to be talky and stagy, and the simplicity of the animation cranks that to 11. Still, the animation is legitimately effective whenever the action can benefit from minimalism, which sounds like a backhanded compliment before one considers how chilling the sleek, silent glide of a Dalek can be. The budgetary limitations the animators faced vary in the particulars from what original director Christopher Barry faced in 1966. Yet, both efforts strive to get a lot out of a little, offering a sense of unity despite the divergent formats.
What shines through most clearly is David Whitaker's script. This is a bleak tale of petty human ambition and venality blinding people from the obvious threats in their midst. A scientist is convinced his genius is sufficient to control the Daleks. The governor sees the creatures as a way to prove the colony's self-sufficiency to Earth. Another government official sees them as another cog in his power grab. People just keep assuming they are the stars of this story, but their squabbles are just collateral damage for the latest round in the battle between the Doctor and the Daleks. It's as though Doctor Who reasserts itself over the course of the story, a nifty narrative parallel for the Doctor rediscovering himself.
“The Power Of The Daleks” occupies a unique place in Doctor Who lore. The notion of swapping out one Doctor for another is now well-established, but it's difficult to imagine just how bizarre this concept must have seemed to viewers in 1966. Troughton's Doctor makes few concessions to an uncertain audience or to his equally uncertain traveling companions, as he spends much of the story's running time spouting nonsense, playing a recorder, or saying nothing at all. A kind of logic behind his actions eventually emerges, but the new Doctor remains a remote figure. This is also the lone Troughton story that doesn't feature his definitive companion, the 18th-century Scotsman Jamie McCrimmon, making “The Power Of The Daleks” feel that extra bit disconnected from the typical expectations of a second Doctor adventure. This is a story that would probably always have felt a little lost in time, even if it had survived. The animation can only capture a shadow of what made this story so special, but a shadow of something like “The Power Of The Dalek” is still well worth seeking out, all the more so for the remarkable nature of its resurrection.
Deb McEneaney of Sag Harbor, N.Y., was jolted in November when her insurance company notified her that it was canceling a group health plan that had been tailor made for her and her husband and their family-run business.
Her insurance broker assured her she had nothing to worry about when the administration began the formal rollout of Obamacare on Oct.1. But the insurance company, United Healthcare Oxford, subsequently wrote her saying that it would no longer allow group health plans for two people who were related because of new restrictions under the Affordable Care Act.
Related: Millennials Jump Ship Over Obamacare Bait and Switch
“I don't know if I can totally blame Obamacare, but of course I will forever,” she said during a recent interview. “I believe that everyone has the right to health insurance. But I also believe that if you've been paying insurance your entire life and have never gone without medical coverage, and you pay your bill on time, that the rug shouldn't be pulled out from under you when you're 60 years old.”
McEneaney was one of millions of Americans who received cancellation notices from their insurers this summer and fall, either because their policies didn't comply with the new requirements for coverage under the Affordable Care Act or for other technical reasons.
McEneaney and her husband favored the group health policy approach because it provided better coverage for them and their 21-year old son than other policies available in the individual insurance market.
Then came the letter from United Healthcare Oxford, which clearly stated: “Under the ACA, when a business is owned only by an individual or an individual and his or her spouse, these individuals are not considered ‘employees' and the benefit plan is not considered a group health plan.”
“As of Jan. 1, 2014, these individuals will no longer be able to purchase group coverage and will need to purchase individual coverage,” possibly through the New York insurance exchange created under the Affordable Care Act.
Related: 39 Dems Help GOP Pass Insurance Cancellation Bill
Now McEneaney and her husband are scrambling to find replacement coverage, preferably through her insurance broker. But she frets that she might not end up with as good a policy as her current coverage, or that the premiums and co-payments may be higher, or that her long-time family doctor might not be in the new insurance company's network.
McEneaney's loss of insurance coverage is shared by more than four million households across the country that were notified that their policies were being cancelled because of Obamacare. President Obama had promised Americans that they could keep their health insurance coverage if they liked it, but that didn't prove to be the case.
Under a barrage of criticism that he had misled the public, Obama last month changed a key rule of his healthcare law by allowing insurers to renew the old plans for one year, but only if state insurance commissioners and insurance companies agreed.
So far Arkansas, Vermont and Washington State have rejected the president's rule change, while other states are still deciding. This has left many uneasy or angry families searching for new coverage before Dec 23 – the enrollment deadline to sign up for a new policy effective Jan. 1.
Related: Obamacare Fixes Hide a Big Mess on the Back End
Even after the administration made hundreds of improvements to the troubled Obamacare website, many people are still encountering difficulty.
Ed Anderson, a graphic designer from Columbus, Ohio, who was recently bumped from his wife's insurance policy for reasons relating to the new law, discovered that his family's monthly premiums will double even if he chooses the most inexpensive plan available to him through the new federal insurance exchange in his state.
Anderson said he and his wife currently pay a monthly premium of $460 through Blue Cross Blue Shield. But now that he can no longer stay on his wife's plan, he will have to get his own coverage. The most inexpensive option would cost him a $428 monthly premium. And he and his wife can't qualify for a federal subsidy because their joint income exceeds the cutoff. The new insurance policy will cost the Andersons an extra $5,000 a year in premiums alone.
Story continues
If there's one thing being stranded on a desert island is good for, it's getting to know your fellow castaways.
That's why, for transgender model Carmen Carrera, the nightmarish Fyre Festival in the Bahamas was almost a dream come true. It was a rare moment to show a group of influential strangers who she is as a person — and to confront, head-on, the stigma that still surrounds the lives of transgender people like her.
“It felt like this is the way life should be,” said the activist and model for brands like Steven Meisel, Mark Seliger, and David La Chapelle who was invited to the festival by its organizers.
When Carrera, 32, arrived to Great Exuma island, the scene was indeed a disaster: Her luggage was missing, there were only disaster relief tents for shelter and no food was available for the hordes of hungry visitors. (Lawsuits continue to pile up against the festival's organizers, Billy McFarland and Ja Rule, about the conditions on the island.)
‘A lot of the time, trans people . . . live in stealth because they don't want to feel the stigma.'
Though Carrera was invited to attend for free — in exchange for sharing flattering pictures of the festival on social media — she ended up spending more than $1,000 on her own accommodations and for what amounted to be a disorganized disaster.
Amid the pandemonium, Carrera was scared, but for a different reason than other attendees might have been: She wasn't sure if she should be open about being transgender.
“A lot of the time, trans people face the fear . . . or live in stealth because they don't want to feel the stigma, or feel alienated or go through any of those traumatic experiences.”
With travel back to Miami restricted, Carrera learned she would be staying the whole week on the island. She decided to look at the bright side: It gave her a chance to chat with models, photographers and high-powered “influencers” about the industry she's breaking into.
But she did more than whistle in the dark — she turned the chaotic shores of Great Exuma into a platform for her cause.
“I actually shared my story,” Carrera says. “I'm very proud to be transgender . . . I opened up a lot of eyes, and at the same time, I enjoyed myself.”
Carrera advocates for transgender rights off the island, too. As host of the Fusion travel show “Outpost,” she brought awareness to the high murder rate of transgender people in Brazil. She's also active in the organization History UnErased, which works with educators to include LGBT history in school curricula.
Carrera also recently obtained a new birth certificate reflecting her female gender, and has spoken publicly about the process to raise awareness for transgender rights.
“A lot of these people [at Fyre Festival] have their own businesses, they're established individuals, many who come from a place of privilege, so they don't really get to interact with a trans person,” she told The Post. “I finally got to be in a place where I feel like we saw eye-to-eye.”
As the brewery renovates a new location in downtown Loveland, it's using Snowbank Brewing's facility
Verboten Brewing Co. has put up "coming soon" signs in the windows of its new location at 127 E. Fifth St. in downtown Loveland, shown here Monday. Because it had to move out of its original location at 1550 Taurus Court by the end of September, it has started brewing beer at the Snowbank Brewing facility in Fort Collins. (Craig Young)
Loveland's Verboten Brewing hopes to open in its new downtown location in January, but it had to stop brewing last month, so a Fort Collins brewery has offered its facility to cover the gap.
Snowbank Brewing has a 15-barrel system, so it had room to accommodate Verboten and another Fort Collins brewery, according to Angie Grenz, marketing director and co-owner of Verboten.
Verboten, which opened at 1550 Taurus Court in January 2013, uses a three-barrel system, she said, although when it reopens in mid- to late January 2016 at 127 E. Fifth St., it will start expanding its capacity.
"While our taproom is closed, it will allow us to continue to grow our wholesale side," she said.
Verboten brewed its first batch at Snowbank on Oct. 13, Grenz said, and did two more beers over the weekend.
"We estimate we'll probably do between three and four different beers in November and possibly December," she said. Because of the interim situation, Verboten will focus on its standard beers such as Thinking of Something Orange and Killer Boots.
Those two most popular beers continue to be available on draft at local establishments and in 22-ounce bottles, she said.
Snowbank Brewing also is contracting its facility out to Soul Squared Brewing of Fort Collins, according to a press release from Snowbank. Some beers from Verboten and Soul Squared will be available on draft at the Snowbank taproom, 225 N. Lemay Ave., Suite 1, according to the release. And the three companies are planning to brew a collaborative beer to be released before the end of the year.
Advertisement
Grenz said Verboten underwent an ownership change in July. She and her husband, head brewer Josh Grenz, bought out the other two co-founders, Joe and Keri Akers, and they brought on Jason Bowser as a new business partner.
"Jason's been in the craft beer industry for 10 years now," Grenz said. He ran the taproom for Odell Brewing Co. in Fort Collins for eight years, she said, and also spent time with New Belgium and Grimm Brothers.
She said Bowser will manage Verboten's wholesale division and help set up the new downtown taproom.
Craig Young: 970-635-3634, cyoung@reporter-herald.com, www.twitter.com/CraigYoungRH.
Anime creator Kazuya Sasahara (Cat Shit One: The Animated Series) began streaming a second trailer for his CG-animated reboot of Dai - Shogun - Great Revolution on Tuesday. Sasahara also announced that he is planning to crowdfund the project via Kickstarter beginning in January.
ILCA has is handling the 3D animation for the project. The video features music produced by Ray Sato with Shiori Sasaki on vocals, Yoshiyuki Shichiku on bamboo flute, and Takumichi Ishibashi on shamisen. Studio Gooneys is supporting the project.
Crunchyroll streamed the original television anime as it aired in Japan last year, and Sentai Filmworks will release the series on Blu-ray and DVD in North America in January.
Sentai Filmworks describes the story:
In the land of the rising sun the horizon is darkened by a fleet of black ships from foreign soil . Just when it seems that all hope is lost ancient mecha of unknown origins appear, pushing back the black ships and forever altering the course of history. Thus, the timeline splits and a new Japan is born, one free of modernization and foreign influence. In this country secluded from the world, an energetic young man known as Keiichiro Tokugawa faces off with his greatest enemy- boredom. Keiichiro yearns to leave behind his life at the family bathhouse and prove himself as a real man once and for all. But can a virgin who breaks out in hives at the faintest touch of a woman really become a hero for his nation? Especially when he's surrounded by beautiful women at every turn, from his family's striking shinobi servant, Kiriko, to the feisty fugitive half-fox, Chiharu. Keiichiro's dream of a life of action and adventure is about to be fulfilled- in a very big way!
Update: Sasahara contacted ANN to confirm that while Studio Gooneys supports Sasahara and the reboot project, ILCA is handling the project's animation.
0
In case you haven't noticed, the marketing campaign for Avengers: Infinity War began this week. Marvel Studios gave Warner Bros. two weekends to let Justice League breathe, but now they're bringing out their big guns by unveiling quite possibly the biggest superhero movie ever made. It began with a lengthy (and great) profile piece in Vanity Fair on the 10-year history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, then it continued with a trailer teaser that announced the Avengers: Infinity War trailer will officially arrive on Wednesday, November 29th.
And now the first Avengers: Infinity War poster has been revealed, though not in any sort of traditional way. Taking advantage of the fact that Tom Holland's Spider-Man is now officially in the MCU fold and is Marvel's direct line of communication to the young ‘uns of today, Holland made an Instagram Story out of unboxing a package he received from Mark Ruffalo. Inside he finds the Avengers: Infinity War poster, showing it off to the camera. But then he finds a note that says “Confidential” and immediately begins to freak out.
It's a really funny and smart way to start breaking news on this movie, and it's a joy to watch. As for the poster itself, the design mimics the design for the poster for both The Avengers and Avengers: Age of Ultron, the former of which was a massive gamble for the MCU. It was the test to see if this experiment of threading different characters into each other's movies would work, and it paid off big time.
Now with Avengers: Infinity War and 2019's Avengers 4, Marvel brings an end to its decade-long experiment in grand fashion, bringing together every major MCU character thus far.
Check back on Collider tomorrow to watch the trailer, but for now, enjoy Holland's video below followed by a higher-res version of the actual poster. Avengers: Infinity War opens in theaters on May 4, 2018.
The most controversial topic on Wikipedia, gauged by the sheer number of edits, is former President George W. Bush.
Oxford University researchers made the discovery after analyzing millions of articles on the site, posted in 10 different languages, to see which topics were embroiled in “edit wars,” BBC News reported.
Edit wars are defined as editing battles that ensue in the time period after updates are posted to the page. The most contested topics undergo edits just seconds after updates are posted.
The BBC reported that the top controversial articles for the English language of Wikipedia: George W. Bush.
Second most controversial: Anarchism.
That's followed by articles on Muhammad, “List of WWE employees,” global warming, circumcision, the United States – and finally, at No. 8 on the list, Jesus Christ.
Rounding out the list at numbers nine and 10 are race and intelligence, followed by Christianity.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
AN ANONYMOUS caller reported that gunshots were fired at about 10:10 p.m. Monday, Feb. 16, in the 6000 block of West Argyle Street, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
An anonymous caller reported that a man was firing a weapon, and officers discovered eight spent .40 caliber shell casings in a snow bank, according to police.
AN EMPLOYEE reported that the 7-Eleven store, 6000 W. Higgins Ave., was robbed at about 2:05 a.m. Wednesday, Feb. 11, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The employee reported that a man wearing a ski mask approached the counter and asked for two packs of cigarettes, then displayed a gun and took between $400 and $500 from the cash register and the packs of cigarettes, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that she was attacked and robbed at about 4:05 p.m. Friday, Feb. 13, in the 5200 block of West Addison Street, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 66-year-old woman reported that as she was walking from her garage to her home, a man threw her to the ground and took her purse, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that his car was stolen at about 4:50 p.m. Monday, Feb. 16, from the BP gas station, 3611 N. Harlem Ave., according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 51-year-old man reported that while he was putting air into the tires of his 2007 Chrysler Pacifica, a man entered the vehicle and drove away, according to police. The man reported that a Toshiba laptop computer and a Motorola cell phone were inside the vehicle at the time of the theft, police said.
A WOMAN was arrested after she allegedly threatened a man with a knife at about 9:30 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 15, in the 5600 block of North Miltimore Avenue, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The 34-year-old man reported that during an argument with his former roommate, the woman displayed a 10-inch knife and threatened to kill him, according to police.
The suspect was identified by police as Brittany Daugherty, age 27, of the Miltimore address.
A WOMAN was arrested after she allegedly shoplifted items from the Jewel food store, 7342 W. Foster Ave., at about 7:25 p.m. Friday, Feb. 13, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
An employee reported that he saw the woman place $490 worth of items into her shopping cart and leave the store without paying for the items, according to police. The employee said that a man got out of a waiting vehicle in the parking lot and threatened him with a syringe if he did not let the woman go, but that the man then fled, police said.
The suspect was identified by police as Margarita Zyskind, age 26, of the 6200 block of West Holbrook Street.
AN EMPLOYEE reported that a man stole items from the T-Mobile store, 4809 W. Irving Park Road, at about 11:15 a.m. Wednesday, Feb. 11, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The employee reported that the man grabbed a bag containing four iPhone 6 cell phones valued at $3,000 and ran out of the store without paying for the items, police said.
AN EMPLOYEE reported that the M&M Auto Clinic, 5748 W. Higgins Ave., was burglarized between 9:25 p.m. and 11:30 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 14, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The employee reported that when he arrived at the business he discovered that the front door was unlocked and that three blank business checks, a propane blowtorch valued at $60, $10 in coins and $60 in cash were missing, according to police. A surveillance video showed three men inside the building at the time of the incident watching television, eating food and taking the missing items, police said.
AN EMPLOYEE reported that the Chicagoland Toys and Hobbies store, 6017 N. Northwest Hwy., was burglarized at about 3:40 a.m. Saturday, Feb. 14, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
Officers who responded to a burglar alarm discovered that the front window of the store had been shattered with a shovel, and the owner reported that a Revo remove control car valued at $225 was missing, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that his home in the 4800 block of West Strong Street was burglarized between 6:30 a.m. and 10 p.m. Thursday, Feb. 12, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The man reported that when he returned home he discovered that the rear door had been broken in and that numerous bottles of prescription medications, insulin syringes and two cartons of cigarettes valued at $120 were missing, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that her home in the 5700 block of North Manton Avenue was burglarized between 11 a.m. and 7:30 p.m. Friday, Feb. 13, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The woman reported that when she returned home she discovered that the back door had been broken in and that a safety deposit box containing $2,000 worth of jewelry was missing, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that her home in the 5600 block of West Eastwood Avenue was burglarized between 12:40 and 2:50 p.m., according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The woman reported that when she returned home she discovered that two windows on the rear door were broken and that jewelry valued at $4,000 was missing, according to police.
AN EMPLOYEE reported that a man shoplifted items from the Walgreens pharmacy, 4040 N. Cicero Ave., at about 7:40 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 10, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
The employee reported that he saw a man take 10 items of alcohol valued at $200 and leave the store without paying for the items, according to police.
SEVERAL vehicle thefts were reported on the Northwest Side between Feb. 9 and Feb. 15, according to 16th (Jefferson Park) District police.
Incidents of stolen vehicles were reported in the 5500 block of West Roscoe Street, the 5700 block of West Higgins Avenue, the 3500 block of North Linder Avenue, the 6100 block of West Eddy Street, the 4800 block of West Strong Street, the 5500 block of West Wilson Avenue and the 5400 block of North Ludlam Avenue, according to police.
As part of the process of playing with, testing and reviewing the Pentax Espio Mini – in much the same way as I did with the Oly mju-ii – I have become intrigued by the idea of the modifying the camera to behave closer to how I would like it to. But unlike my failed experiments with the Olympus that left the camera feeling broken, my experiments with the Pentax seem to have been a success!!
The problem…
One of the biggest issues I find with little point & shoot cameras is that they forget their flash settings when they are switched off. It happens fairly infrequently, but on the odd occasion I take a photo forgetting to switch the flash off I find myself fairly irritated. I also know that I'm not the only one who finds this irritating, as not only do I read about it on the forums, but once in a while I get an email asking me to recommend a camera that remembers its flash settings. Unfortunately, short of a few anomalies like the Canon 120 prima autobot (or whatever it's called) there are very few cameras that both remember flash settings and don't break the bank… Which was what led me to my failed attempts to mod the Olympus mju-ii.
Starting with, and learning from the previous failure.
The obvious solution to stopping a camera from forgetting its flash settings when you switch it off, is quite simply to not turn it off. Of course this leads to issues with protecting the lens, accidentally taking photos, the battery dying quicker than it should etc. The Olympus offered a potential solution to some of these issues by having a “clamshell” sliding front cover, that fits over the lens even when the camera is switched on. So by disabling the mechanism that connects the door to the off switch the lens can be covered, but the camera remain on.
The problem with modifying the Olympus like this is that if left switched on for long enough the camera crashes and ceases to function entirely. The battery needs taking out, leaving out for a few moments before putting back in, so returning the camera to normal function. Less than ideal!
Modification of Pentax Espio Mini to retain flash settings
The first thing I wanted to make sure with the Pentax Espio Mini was that if left on, it wouldn't crash. So, I left in on over night without touching it… and then over two nights without touching it… Neither caused any issues. In fact, the only thing that seems to happen is that the lens very slightly retracts after 5 or so minutes. And even after it does that, when taking a photo with it, there isn't even any need to re-activate the camera in any way, it just works as normal.
First (and possibly final) steps
The next thing to ensure was that the lens cover would fit over the lens if it wasn't retracted first. Of course the only way to do this was to actually modify the camera to not switch the camera off when closing the door.
Just like the Olympus, the front door will simply lever off with your finger nails under one edge. I've found having the door at the half open point makes this easier. Also like the Olympus, be aware of a little bit of metal flying free when you take the door off. Don't lose this, it goes here, like this:
Again, just like the Olympus, there is a mechanical switch behind the “clamshell” door. In the case of the Pentax though it is a sprung switch that is held in the on position by the door.
My first thought was to just jam something – in my case a very small rolled up bit of paper – into the gap the switch occupies in its off position like so:
This actually works pretty well, and if nothing else confirmed that that the door would close over the lens with the camera switched on. This method clearly isn't a permanent solution, if you want to return the camera you can just remove the bit of card. And of course this non-permanent solution is probably as far as most people will want to go. That being the case for you, then you can stop reading now…
Taking the modification a step further.
This wasn't quite enough for me. Apart from anything else, it failed on me at one point, allowing the camera to turn itself off. This meant that the camera flashed even more unexpectedly (I should have noticed the little red light warning me, but I didn't think about it). One way or another, I decided I was going to take things a step further, open the camera up and see if I could make the modification a little more permanent …
A warning
Before I go any further I just want to point out that taking cameras apart is quite dangerous if (like me) you don't really know what you are doing. A camera's flash needs quite a bit of power to fire as bright as they do. This power is stored in a capacitor, and should you touch the terminals of that capacitor, or any bare connection to it, you're liable to receive a fairly nasty electric shock. There is also significant chance that you might break your camera for good! In short, I don't actually recommend doing any of what I am about to illustrate, and if you do choose to do it, do it at your own risk!
That out of the way…
To get inside the camera I first unscrewed all of the 5 screws on the outer shell of the camera, and one just inside the back cover. Here you can see empty screw holes on the bottom of the camera:
With a bit of jiggling the top/back part of the camera and then the screen cover came off:
This revealed the flash capacitor, it's big black thing down the back right of the camera. Here you can see the terminals at the top right of the photo above. Please be careful from this point on if you choose to emulate what I have done here.
The next step was to take the front of the camera off. Once again, this just took a bit of jiggling:
Once off it was time to work out how the switch worked. As it turned out, it was based around a very simple parallel pair of thin metal plates that when the switch is pushed are held together. As long as they are held together, the switch circuit is complete, and so the camera is on. Unfortunately whilst fiddling under the flexible circuit board I was too distracted to take photos of the switch itself (though you can just see part of it in the photo below), but for the sake of this demonstration, it doesn't actually matter. What I worked out digging under the circuit board was that the switch is connected to it here:
So, to bypass the switch altogether, and permanently complete the circuit, all I needed to do was to solder these two connections together… Like so:
And so my modification was complete!
If you do follow me in this process, it is also worth while giving the viewfinder a little clean whilst you are inside the camera. The main area of dust in mine was just inside the back of the camera. It cleaned up a treat!
In practice, I've found the modified camera, for my tastes at least, an improvement! As I said, it doesn't crash like the Oly did and it doesn't need awakening after is goes to sleep and the lens retracts. One thing I was worried about was what happened if the shutter button is accidentally pressed with the door closed. Well, even that doesn't seem to cause a problem. In the unlikely event this happens, the camera reports an error code on the top screen and the shutter doesn't fire. I wouldn't want to do it all the time, but since the shutter button is flush to the camera, I'm not expecting it to happen often if at all.
All in all, I'm pretty pleased with this mod… of course there is plenty of time for it to go to crap and something go wrong, so as I have said, emulate what I have done at your own risk! Oh, and don't forget to take the battery out if you shelf the camera for a while – which is of course good practice anyway!
I shall be posting my thoughts on the modified camera over the next few weeks!
Cheers for reading,
Hamish
Do you enjoy reading 35mmc? For as little as $1 a month, you can help support the upkeep of this website. The more people chuck me a small amount of cash each month, the more time I can spend building and improving upon it - simple as that!
Also, finding the adverts annoying? For $2 part of the reward for becomeing a patron is that I make them go away for you... Either way, want to help out, become a patron of 35mmc here: Become a Patron! Alternatively, if you just enjoyed this post, or like the odd post here and there, please feel free to chuck a few pennies in the tip jar via Ko fi here:
Write for 35mmc: read more here, about how you can help build upon this ever growing resource
Subscribe/Follow: click here, to discover all the ways you can follow 35mmc
Image copyright Theantnest Image caption Over the weekend, an outdoor screen displayed a message apparently posted by hackers
A large digital billboard outside a Liverpool shopping centre was apparently defaced by hackers on 29 May.
"We suggest you improve your security. Sincerely, your friendly neighbourhood hackers," a message on the screen read.
It was posted on a large outdoor display at the Liverpool One shopping centre in the city.
Liverpool One said that it closed down the screen as soon as it was notified about the incident.
The message was tagged "#JFT96" - an apparent abbreviation of "Justice for the 96", which is a reference to the 96 football fans who died in the 1989 Hillsborough disaster.
As well as a photo of the display posted to Reddit, another visitor to the shopping centre published a picture of the screen on Twitter.
"Our screens are operated by an external company [Elonex] which is currently investigating what happened as a matter of urgency," a spokeswoman for Liverpool One said.
"As soon as the apparent hacked message appeared on the screen, Liverpool One immediately closed it down."
The spokeswoman added that no other screens in the shopping centre were affected.
Image copyright Kevin Beaumont Image caption Several screens at the shopping centre are currently deactivated
"We can confirm an incident occurred over the weekend on one of the 18 screens we operate at Liverpool One," a spokesman for Elonex said.
"The incident appears to have been good-natured and not intended to cause offence or disruption, for which we are grateful."
Several screens at the shopping centre had since been deactivated, according to cyber-security researcher Kevin Beaumont, whose added that his friend saw the message when it was posted on 29 May.
It appeared to be another example of how systems were often unknowingly left vulnerable to hackers, suggested cybersecurity expert Prof Alan Woodward at the University of Surrey.
"You might not think it matters, after all it's just an advertising billboard, but who knows what else this system is linked to."
"The next hacker might have darker intentions," he told the BBC.
Are you wishing you could be at Davos, Switzerland this week, taking in the stimulating and deeply insightful discussions on the theme “The Fourth Industrial Revolution”? If so, reading the pre-conference book of the same name may leave you reassured that you aren't actually missing much.
Klaus Schwab, founder and executive chairman of the World Economic Forum, released his Kindle book The Fourth Industrial Revolution just a few days ago, providing a free copy to Davos attendees. (That way they needn't stretch their expense accounts to cover the $9.91 Kindle fee that the rest of us must pay.)
Schwab has doctorates in economics and engineering, plus a master's in public administration from Harvard. And he says that The Fourth Industrial Revolution is “a crowd-sourced book, the product of the collective enlightened wisdom of the Forum's communities.” If credentials alone would create a good book, this would be a humdinger.
What is the Fourth Industrial Revolution? In Schwab's words,
"today we are at the beginning of a fourth industrial revolution. It began at the turn of this century and builds on the digital revolution. It is characterized by a much more ubiquitous and mobile internet, by smaller and more powerful sensors that have become cheaper, and by artificial intelligence and machine learning."
Elsewhere he also throws genetic engineering and the editing of genomes into the mix.
While noting that billions of people have yet to “fully experience” the second and third industrial revolutions, Schwab believes that “the fourth industrial revolution will be every bit as powerful, impactful and historically important as the previous three.” In his view it's not just likely but inevitable that “major technological innovations are on the brink of fuelling momentous change throughout the world.”
Inevitable? Can we be perfectly confident that we'll have plenty of affordable energy to power communications among trillions (literally trillions, in Schwab's vision) of internet-connected sensors in the “Internet of Things”? Will our new fleet of self-driving cars have plenty of fuel to keep us moving en masse in individual pods?
All recently discovered fossil fuel deposits cost more to extract than the market will currently pay. And international banksters can't get economic growth moving lately no matter how much extra money they print.
While the uncertainty of our long-term energy supply doesn't even rate a mention in Schwab's account, he does pause to worry a bit about the slowdown in economic growth.
A key problem for the future, he says, is that economic growth will remain slow, unless the inevitably arriving technological revolution finally produces a commensurate improvement in productivity. Alas, he says, the recent lack of productivity growth “is one of today's great economic enigmas … for which there is no satisfactory explanation.” (But students of energy economics will note that the years of reduced productivity cited by Klaus correspond neatly with a steady decline in energy return on investment (EROI).)
Likewise, Schwab sees increasing economic inequality as potentially ominous, though he doesn't suggest anything to ameliorate the trends. It's possible that large numbers of blue-collar workers will lose their jobs to robots, and white-collar employees will be replaced by artificially intelligent algorithms. The growth of “the human cloud” may end regular employment, with pensions and benefits, in favor of ad hoc tasks assigned by websites.
So will a dire employment outlook be part of the new technological future? Klaus says “The choice of ours” – but he doesn't say who is included in the “we” and “ours” of that choice. “It entirely depends on the policy and institutional decisions we make”, he says, and then exhibits a distinct “free market” bias when he adds “a regulatory backlash could happen, thereby reasserting the power of policymakers in the process and straining the adaptive forces of a complex system.” (Yes, the dreaded regulation. The Guardian reports this week that in a survey of chief executives by PricewaterhouseCoopers, over-regulation topped all worries.)
While Schwab fears that government might over-regulate business, he is also concerned that government may lose some power to regulate the public. “Growing citizen empowerment … could result in political systems that make governing more difficult.” As marvelous as computer technology may be, “The digital age undermined many of the barriers that used to protect public authority, rendering governments much less efficient or effective as the governed, or the public, became better informed and increasingly demanding in their expectations.”
While the ongoing technology revolution may have the unfortunate side-effect of empowering citizens, Klaus shows no such misgivings about how technology empowers us as consumers.
The consumer seems to be gaining the most. The fourth industrial revolution has made possible new products and services that increase at virtually no cost the efficiency of our personal lives as consumers. … The benefits of technology for all of us who consume are incontrovertible.
Left unanswered is just how we'll find the cash for this “efficiency of our personal lives as consumers”, once robots and algorithms have taken our jobs.
One last thing. If you're concerned that climate change might be a downer in our future, perhaps Schwab will allay your fears. The phrase “climate change” appears only once in the book, and Schwab turns away worries about carbon emissions and resource depletion with this paean to new (and as yet uninvented) technologies:
The fourth industrial revolution will enable firms to extend the use-cycle of assets and resources, increase their utilization and create cascades that recover and repurpose materials and energy for further uses, lowering emissions and resource loads in the process. In this revolutionary new industrial system, carbon dioxide turns from a greenhouse pollutant into an asset, and the economics of carbon capture and storage move from being cost as well as pollution sinks to becoming profitable carbon-capture and use-production facilities.
If you're not content to take that on faith, then this book may not be for you.
Greetings, X-Wing™ enthusiast!
Whether you're a new player or a veteran of many dogfights, The Force Awakens™ Core Set is your entry to the thrilling and intense starfighter battles being fought between the forces of the Resistance and the First Order.
If you're a veteran, you can learn more about The Force Awakens Core Set from the article, “Man Your Ships!” You can also look forward to upcoming articles that will more closely examine the Core Set's new ships, pilots, and upgrades.
If you're a new or prospective player, you may be wondering, “What is X-Wing?”
The answer is that X-Wing is a two-player miniatures game of fast-paced starfighter combats set in the Star Wars galaxy. It utilizes meticulously detailed and pre-painted miniature starships sculpted at 1/270 scale and brings those ships and their pilots to life through game rounds that play out quickly, utilizing an intuitive set of rules that take only a few minutes to learn but still provide countless hours of Star Wars space battles.
The X-Wing Game Round
Each round in X-Wing consists of four phases.
1. Planning Phase
In the planning phase, you and your opponent secretly choose one maneuver for each of your ships. Different types of ships have different maneuver dials. Each dial reflects a ship's unique capabilities and features the selection of different maneuvers it can possibly perform.
All of these maneuvers are described by their speed and bearing, and each corresponds to a different maneuver template. Additionally, all maneuvers indicate a degree of difficulty.
For example, red maneuvers are “difficult,” and if you choose to perform a red maneuver, your ship will receive a stress token after it does so. Ships with stress tokens cannot choose to execute red maneuvers but can clear their stress by executing “easy” green maneuvers.
To select a maneuver, you rotate your ship's maneuver dial until the chosen maneuver appears in the dial's window. Then, you place the dial facedown near the ship.
Once you and your opponent have assigned facedown dials to all of your ships, you proceed to the activation phase.
2. Activation Phase
In X-Wing, your ships are represented by both the physical miniature that you maneuver about the battlefield and by a ship card, which allows you to keep track of such valuable information as its attack and defense values, its remaining hit points, any unique pilot ability, any upgrades, and its pilot skill value.
In the activation phase, you and your opponent reveal your ships' maneuver dials, execute their maneuvers, and have them perform actions, as they can.
You activate ships starting from the ship with the lowest pilot skill value to the ship with the highest pilot skill value.
In the case of a tie, the player with the initiative activates any and all of his ships of a given pilot skill value first, and then the player without the initiative activates all of his ships of that pilot skill value.
To execute the maneuver you reveal, you take the matching maneuver template and slot one end into the front guides on your ship's base. Then, holding the maneuver template in place, you lift your ship and move it until you can fit its rear guides to the opposite end of the template.
Some difficult maneuvers, like the Koiogran-turn, may indicate that you invert your ship. When you perform these maneuvers, after you move your ship, you slot the far end of the maneuver template into its front guides, rather than its rear guides. By performing these difficult maneuvers, your ships may gain powerful tactical advantages, but such maneuvers will also stress your ships!
After your ship executes its maneuver, if it doesn't have any stress tokens, it can perform a single action.
Each ship's available actions are listed in its action bar, and each type of action grants a different advantage:
Acquire a Target Lock. When you Acquire a Target Lock, you place a blue target lock token next to your ship and the matching red target lock token next to your target. You can then spend your target lock to reroll any number of dice you roll during an attack against the target. Alternatively, many of the game's most powerful missiles and torpedoes require you to spend a target lock in order to fire them. Barrel Roll. When you perform the Barrel Roll action, you take the speed “1” straight maneuver template and place it alongside the left or right edge of your ship. You then hold the template in place as you lift your ship and place its opposite edge at the other end of the template. You can slide the template and ship back and forth as you perform the action, so long as the template does not extend beyond the edge of your ship's base. Boost. When you perform the Boost action, you can choose to perform a speed “1” bank, either left or right, or to perform a speed “1” straight maneuver. You cannot Boost if the action would cause your ship to collide with another ship or obstacle. Evade. When you perform the Evade action, you place one Evade token next to your ship. When that ship is attacked and after you roll your defense dice, you may choose to spend your Evade token to generate one free Evade result. Focus. When you perform the Focus action, you place one Focus token next to your ship. Later in the round, whenever that ship attacks or defends, you may choose to spend your Focus token to modify your rolls. If you spend your Focus token to modify your attack dice, you convert all results to results. If you spend your Focus token to modify your defense dice, you convert all results to results.
After your ship has completed its maneuver and performed its action, its activation is complete, and you can activate the ship with the next highest pilot skill value.
3. Combat Phase
In the Combat Phase, each ship can attack one enemy ship within its range and firing arc. Ships attack from the highest pilot skill value to the lowest pilot skill value.
Again, if there's a tie for pilot skill value, the player with initiative attacks with all ships of an equal pilot skill value before the other player has the chance to attack.
Ships attack and attempt to evade incoming fire by rolling custom red and green attack and defense dice. These eight-sided dice feature a variety of different icons that allow you to quickly determine whether or not your ship successfully hit its target and how much damage it dealt.
The game's red attack dice feature four different results: Hit , Critical Hit , Focus , and blank.
, Critical Hit , Focus , and blank. Green defense dice feature three different results: Evade , Focus , and blank.
You roll one red die for each point of your ship's attack value, and your opponent rolls one green die for each point of his ship's agility value. Each Evade result he rolls cancels one of your Hit or Critical Hit results, with Critical Hit canceled last. Each uncanceled Hit or Critical Hit result deals one point of damage. If your opponent's ship has any shields, this damage is first applied to the shields. Once a ship has lost its shields, however, each point of damage is applied to its hull.
For each point of damage a ship suffers against its hull, one card is drawn from the damage deck and placed next to the matching ship card. Damage cards inflicted as the result of an uncanceled Hit are dealt facedown. Any damage cards a ship receives from an uncanceled Critical Hit are dealt faceup, and these cards' effects then apply to the ship.
If a ship receives a number of damage cards equal to its hull value, it is destroyed!
Notably, you can gain tremendous advantages in combat by paying close attention to the distances at which you engage your enemies. When you defend against an enemy's primary weapon at Range “3,” you roll one extra defense die, but when you perform an attack with your primary weapon at Range “1,” you roll an extra attack die.
4. End Phase
After all ships have had a chance to attack, you and your opponent remove all unspent Evade and Focus tokens and move on to the next Planning Phase.
Move into Attack Position!
Secretly plot your maneuvers, fly at your enemies, take aim, and fire!
Whether you fly a custom squad in one of the game's missions or just attempt to eliminate your opponent's forces, your games of X-Wing always move through the same four phases. And while it takes just minutes to learn the rules, there's plenty of depth to explore with the tactical selection of maneuvers and actions, as well as the nearly limitless possibilities for squad building.
Strap yourself into the cockpit of a T-70 X-wing or a TIE/fo fighter, and go fight for the fate of the galaxy!
Come on, everyone. How does this rumor still get started every 6 weeks?
Engadget is reporting more rumors of the again-supposedly-imminent release of a widescreen, fullscreen, touchscreen video iPod.
Once again, the geek community will spread this rumor like wildfire and its existence and release date will graduate from rumors to assumed facts. This behavior will be quickly forgotten when the supposed release doesn't happen.
Rumors like this spread because people want them to be true. Apple's rumors are particularly viral on the internet, possibly because many readers and influential members of the whateversphere are Apple fans, or maybe because people really like Apple and Google and want everything they do to kill Microsoft, or probably because iPods are really great.
At Marco.org, we (of course) can make better random predictions than everyone else, so here's why Apple is not going to release this fabled device:
Video isn't the next big thing. Yes, Google just bought YouTube for an insane amount of money. But that doesn't mean that there's a significant portion of people who use portable video. Computer video consumption is still limited primarily to watching quick clips while sitting at a computer, not watching feature films on little portable screens while walking (or, heaven forbid, driving) to work. The vast majority of people only want portable devices to play music and make phone calls.
Hardware still can't do it well. The recent update to the video iPods bumps up the battery life on the 30 GB model to approximately 3 hours of video playback. It's a great improvement, but it's still pitiful as a video device, especially since many people depend on their iPods holding a charge throughout their entire work day for music playback. And these battery-life figures are for a much smaller screen. LCD backlighting is the largest power drain for portable devices by far, and a "widescreen iPod" of the rumored size would have almost 3 times as much screen area as the current video iPods. To accommodate a full-face screen, plus the massive battery required to get reasonable playback time from it, the iPod would need to be much thicker and heavier.
Touching = fingerprints. The most important feature of a video playback device is its screen. It needs to display high-quality video on a bright, color-saturated, low-lag LCD with a minimally reflective and highly scratch-resistant coating. With such care needed for optimal screen viewing, why would you want to require users to cover half of it with fingerprints constantly? This just isn't a well-thought-out interface.
Apple isn't in the business of making half-assed products. They're not going to release a thick, heavy, expensive device that nobody will use in order to provide a feature nobody wants that's half-covered in fingerprints.
(CBS) — They put their lives on the line every day to save others, and many of them are paying a heavy price.
A new study reveals a surprising link between firefighters and cancer.
Nearly 15,000 of them were included in this research, and the results could lead to some big changes in the way firefighters do their jobs.
CBS 2's Chris Martinez reports.
It's a phone call Andy Dina will never forget, with these three words:
“You have cancer.”
The veteran firefighter, a lieutenant with the Naperville Fire Department, was diagnosed with prostate cancer at 46 years old.
Thousands of first-responders have faced that fight. A newly released study looked at 30,000 firefighters from three departments: Chicago, San Francisco and Philadelphia over nearly 60 years.
The conclusion, according to Tom Ryan, president of the Chicago Firefighters Union Local 2: “Our cancer levels will be higher than the average person.”
Chicago firefighters are two and half times more likely to develop mesothelioma from exposure to asbestos. They also have a higher rate of digestive and respiratory cancers and develop kidney, bladder and prostate cancers far younger than the average age of 65.
Matt Montague was diagnosed at 34 with acute leukemia.
The cause may be chemicals released when modern-day materials burn and are breathed in.
They may also be absorbed through the skin, even away from the fire.
Bob Hoff, a Chicago firefighter for 35 years, is now in Carol Stream. He showed his department's gear-storage room.
A companion study recommends keeping gear outside the truck after fighting a fire and then storing it in its own ventilated room at the station.
Firefighters should also shower immediately after.
The potential new guidelines come too late for many.
Robin Youngberg's husband, Vic, was a career firefighter.
He lost his battle at just 56 years old.
“He had metastatic lung cancer that settled into the spine,” his widow says. “We didn't have control over when that day was, but he went out with no regrets.”
More than 30 types of cancer were examined in this research and later this year. A second phase of the study will be released that should give a better idea of how exposures to certain chemicals might lead to specific cancers.
CLOSE Pat Brennan and Charlie Hatch review the FC Cincinnati vs. Chicago Fire FC game. The Enquire/Phil Didion
Buy Photo FC Cincinnati general manager Jeff Berding answers questions from local media after City Council passes FC Stadium deal 5-3 to clear the way for MLS bid at City Hall in downtown Cincinnati Wednesday, November 29, 2017. (Photo: The Enquirer/Meg Vogel)Buy Photo
The day of days is upon Futbol Club Cincinnati.
FC Cincinnati, the internationally-recognized soccer sensation born of local minds in Mt. Lookout coffee shops, will have its day in New York City Wednesday to present what amounts to a closing argument to Major League Soccer regarding the club's bid to gain an expansion spot in the league.
Club President and General Manager Jeff Berding, majority owner Carl Lindner III and possibly others will present for approximately two hours Wednesday evening at MLS headquarters at 420 5th Avenue.
There, Berding and Lindner will address a room packed with some of the most powerful figures in American sports. Among the attendees will be MLS Commissioner Don Garber and the league's expansion committee chaired by Jonathan Kraft, owner/investor of the New England Revolution (MLS) and President of the NFL's New England Patriots.
The roughly two-hour-long presentation will likely be a carefully choreographed highlighting of the deliverable and lofty projections FC Cincinnati has compiled over its nearly three years in existence.
The early days of FC Cincinnati: One year in, FC Cincinnati recalls humble beginnings
More on FC Cincinnati: FC Cincinnati vs. MLS: Here's what would change for fans
Editorial: FC Cincinnati is the best pick for MLS
Seeing as many of the club's successes in terms of attendance, merchandise sales, TV draw and on-field accomplishments are well-documented, the team's most recent developments on the stadium front could take center stage.
FC Cincinnati will then be forced to wait days and possibly weeks as MLS deliberates and ultimately chooses two teams from the four expansion finalists, a group that includes Sacramento Republic FC and organizations representing the Nashville and Detroit markets.
On Wednesday more than ever before, what is good about FC Cincinnati – what the club has stood for and what has largely been forgotten or overlooked during a somewhat contentious but merely weeks-long push for public funds to secure the team's long-term stadium solution – must be conveyed.
Here's what you need to know and remember going into what is unquestionably the biggest day in FC Cincinnati history:
WHAT MLS NEEDS TO HEAR FROM FC CINCINNATI: FC Cincinnati's Wednesday presentation will be the club's fourth known meeting with MLS officials. Two of the three that already occurred were in public view (during Garber's trip to Cincinnati in November 2016 and Aug. 15 for the U.S. Open Cup semifinal match). FC Cincinnati has had opportunities to sell MLS on aspects of the club's strengths but Wednesday is the day it all needs to be tied together.
As a refresher, MLS's stated criteria for expansion emphasizes the following: Ownership, stadium (details on the proposed site, financing plan, required governmental approvals and support from public officials), financial projections, corporate support and soccer support (business and financial projections and commitment letters for stadium naming rights and jersey-front sponsor) and an overview of the soccer community.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The media market is also a key consideration for each finalist.
WHAT FC CINCINNATI HAS TO SELL: On paper, FC Cincinnati's now-completed package of offerings for MLS is arguably as strong as any of the other three competitors.
The team's stadium plan is in a good enough place for now and the club can say with certainty it can build a stadium in Cincinnati. Public officials at the city and county level voted to support that stadium plan, and also backed up their support with a financial commitment.
FC Cincinnati is unmatched in this group of four finalists in terms of its popularity and scale. The team was the eighth-best drawing soccer club in America in 2017 with 21,199 in attendance per league home game. It's 339,181 total attendance for league matches broke the club's own USL single-season record, and totaled 477,331 across all home matches this year (including the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup and a friendly match).
FC Cincinnati has merchandise sales, TV viewership numbers and profits to compliment the record attendance numbers.
After stadium solutions, market size might be the biggest hurdle FC Cincinnati has to clear as it is ranked the No 36-sized market in America, according to Nielsen.
On that point, the club can point to its increasing popularity outside the city of Cincinnati, the size of the overall metro area and that its fan base increasingly extends northwest toward the Dayton market.
THE CLOSERS: Berding and Lindner are flying to New York City to close this deal out as only they can. If you're an FC Cincinnati fan and supporter of the club's front office, there's no one you'd rather have standing before Garber and Co. with the city's MLS future on the line.
Win or lose, Wednesday will always stand as one of the biggest days in Berding's and Lindner's lives – and they're proven winners when it comes to getting results for the community they represent.
Berding, the former Cincinnati City Councilman, is the key man in the room as he is as skilled a rhetorician as you will find anywhere.
Berding's challenge on Wednesday will be overlooking the recent clunkiness of the organization's stadium push – a lot of which was out of his control anyway. You can argue about the methods of FC Cincinnati in getting its stadium deal pushed through, and plenty have and will continue to. But it's really the only baggage weighing FC Cincinnati down. There's so much more positive to be focused on.
Berding will have to tap into and focus on everything that made FC Cincinnati the ground-up soccer sensation that it is and remains. Throughout the team's existence, Berding has been humbled by the vast response by FC Cincinnati fans. His appreciation for what this project became is sincere, and he won't have trouble conveying the big picture at this all-important juncture.
What's indisputable is Berding and Lindner – two born-and-bred Cincinnatians – are great champions of the Queen City and have been doggedly chasing their MLS dream, along with every season ticket holder and sports fan in the region.
Who else would you entrust with getting this bid across the finish line once and for all?
THE ENQUIRER WILL BE THERE: Enquirer FC Cincinnati beat writer Pat Brennan will be in New York City Wednesday providing reports and analysis from the MLS expansion finalists' presentations to the league. Follow Pat's coverage on Cincinnati.com and on Twitter, @PBrennanENQ.
0 C, but beam dyeing is usually preferred for high-temperature dyeing. A liquor ratio of around 5:1 is the lowest used in conventional Jig machines. The method is well suited to the dyeing of fabrics that are readily creased, such as taffetas, poplins, suiting's and satins, but less well for knitted goods because they distort so easily. Pressurized Jigs are available for the more difficult hydrophobic fibres . These operate at temperatures of up to 130C, but beam dyeing is usually preferred for high-temperature dyeing. A liquor ratio of around 5:1 is the lowest used in conventional Jig machines. The method is well suited to the dyeing of fabrics that are readily creased, such as taffetas, poplins, suiting's and satins, but less well for knitted goods because they distort so easily.
The mechanical action on the fabric is obviously limited in Jig dyeing. Consequently the exchange of liquor inside the interstices of the fabric as it passes through the dye bath is less efficient than with machines in which liquor is circulated more forcibly through the goods. The Jig is relatively inexpensive to install and convenient to use; since it operates at low liquor ratio, it is economical on both water and energy consumption.
The Jig machine is one of the oldest ways of dyeing fabric in open width. In this machine a batch of fabric is rolled backwards and forwards from one roller to another through the dye liquor. The direction of movement is automatically reversed as the machine reaches the end of the fabric roll. The duration of the dyeing process is monitored by the number of passages or ends through the liquor. Machines open to the atmosphere can accommodate a roll of 500 to 1000 meters in length, but more modern enclosed machines can operate with a roll of 5000 meters. An enclosing lid helps to reduce heat losses and consequent temperature differences between the edge and the centre of the roll. Such differences lead to listing a reduction in the dye uptake at the edges of the fabric.
Earlier today, NASA released this image from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter that purports to show a circular indention near the South Pole of the Red Planet.
While NASA says it might be an impact crater, they admit they don't actually know what it is or what caused it.
“Craters in icy terrain are modified by processes that flatten and change them in such a manner that it is hard to say for sure if it had an impact origin,” NASA notes.
The shadowy lines shown in the picture were not explained either.
Normally we don't get to see Mars' South Pole because of ice cover.
What's interesting about it is that it's another hole at yet another pole.
On an aside, these are also NASA photos:
Saturn's North Pole
Jupiter's South Pole
Jupiter moon Europa's South Pole (something missing there?)
Venus' South Pole (cloud vortex)
Noticing a pattern here?
North Pole of Neptune (cloud cover)
Well how about this one:
Notice anything there?
Yet another hole.
Just how many more years will NASA feign ignorance at what these are?
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com.
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com.
Texas House kills lottery commission, then revives it
AUSTIN — The Texas House on Tuesday stuck a fork in the state lottery commission then resuscitated the agency hours later, realizing that dissolving it would create an unwieldy budget gap for schools and charities that depend on their piece of the pie.
It created high drama in the House, as lawmakers stunned many in the chamber by voting against a bill to ensure the Texas Lottery Commission continues operating for the next 12 years.
"The Lottery Commission is gone," Rep. Linda Harper Brown, R-Irving, declared from the dais after the House voted 81-65 against a sunset bill to continue the commission.
A second vote reversed the action with a 92-53 tally.
Led by House Republicans, the vote to abolish the commission jeopardized the future of the Texas Lotto and other games like scratch-off tickets and charity bingo. It also put in limbo lottery revenues used to fund state services, including $2.2 billion for schools.
Within hours - and after some serious behind-the-scenes lobbying by House leaders - lawmakers returned from a lunch break and decided to bring the bill back to the floor for more debate.
With little fanfare, the House voted again late Tuesday afternoon to reverse itself and resurrect the state lottery commission, tentatively passing a measure that allows the commission to continue operating. The bill still needs to clear a final hurdle Wednesday.
"We began talking to people about their options on filling a $2.2 billion hole in the public education budget," said Rep. Rafael Anchia, D-Dallas, who authored the bill to continue the lottery commission. "That was going to be cutting the public school budget or raising taxes. Neither of which seemed like palatable option.
"I think when people took a sober look at the budget dilemma that would ensue they voted differently."
The Lottery Commission also licences charitable bingo operations.
Anchia's House Bill 2197 was supposed to be a routine sunset measure - one in which legislative action is required in order for a certain law to continue enacted. Instead, it sparked a spirited debate about whether the lottery unfairly preys on the poor and gave observers their first view of infighting in the House this session.
At one point during the debate, Rep. Scott Sanford, R-McKinney, called the lottery a "predatory tax" and "a tax on poor people."
On Twitter, Rep. Steve Toth, R-Houston, echoed those sentiments: "This was nothing more than a tax on the poor," he said. After the second vote, Toth tweeted: "Money talks & principal goes by the way side. On 2nd reading, 30 people fold and the Lotto survives. We will continue to take from the poor."
Rep. Sylvester Turner, D-Houston, protested the idea of plucking billions from public education, saying proceeding with the budget as written would be like "dealing with Monopoly money" without the $2.2 billion from lottery sales.
"The House is a mercurial place. There are a lot of surprises in the House and this was one of them," Anchia said of the day's debate. "There were more members than I thought who were against the lottery."
As usual I woke up from the smell of an unexploited hole. Today is the day of the second hacking experience.
Now I have access to the admin panel, but what now? Oh yeah sure you are right. But just please stop for a second and think are you going to become a hacker too?
Oh, yes, we need to find something special, something extraordinary, something…something like file input.
Yes, thank you, I know that I am very smart indeed.
After some research of the admin panel, I have found a file manager plugin that allowed file upload to a media folder of the website.
The root path used for all of the uploads is "/uploads" and I have no chance to upload file in another path. But as it usually happens I realized that the file upload root is just hard coded in the PHP configuration file.
Ok, let's now upload a Wordpress installation to the hacked hosting and make a blog about ponies. Hah, just kidding this is not such kind a of movie blog. Of course, we are going to upload PHP-Shell .
Do you believe that PHP file has been uploaded successfully ?! You better do!
I was very impressed that my way in the criminal is going to be so easy.
But it was just 3-4 seconds after I opened the shell URL in the browser, I got the worst error page: FORBIDDEN .
There are 2 main reasons of that:
.htaccess is blocking PHP files execution in "/uploads" directory
is blocking files execution in directory WAF is somehow blocking all calls to PHP files in "/uploads" directory
I've started thinking like their webmaster. In most cases .htaccess will handle this situation and why am I going to write a rule in WAF . Yes, I will not.
Ok, let's try hacking .htaccess
We are creating a new folder through file manager plugin and trying to upload .htaccess file to it, to override top-level rules.
Content of .htaccess :
php_flag engine on
Do you believe that .htaccess file has been uploaded successfully ?! You better do!
Unfortunately, after that, we can't even get .png file from our created folder and we get the SAME FORBIDDEN error page, it means that we were right about the webmaster. And it also proofs that our .htaccess is in right place and working.
After a couple of tries to hack the .htaccess with techniques like disabling RewriteEngine I released that configuration was done in httpd.conf . This means that it isn't possible to override the necessary directives in sub-directories by using the .htaccess .
Ok, this really sucks…. Sorry about that, but give me a try.
We must explore our file manager plugin to find out a way to upload file in top directory of "/uploads" .
You can guess that I find this plugin source code on GitHub. And I think you are guessing that I hacked it.
I opened Fiddler and tracked endpoint where a file is being uploaded. I find out that base_dir parameter is passing via POST request. (Before that, I already released that there is no checking for this paramaeter in server side) Ok, I uploaded my file in "/uploads" directory, pressed “F2” on request in Fiddler, modified base_dir to "/" and pressed “R”. That's it.
Now I have working shell on their server. Now most boring part:
Search configuration files
Find DB username/password
Dump database
Download all server files ( especially source code )
Go to sleep as nothing happens
Holy monkey I forgot about hacking music…
Hacking Music
wikipedia commons The U.S. military has some of the most advanced killing equipment in the world that allows it to invade almost wherever it likes at will.
We produce so much military equipment that inventories of military robots, M-16 assault rifles, helicopters, armored vehicles, and grenade launchers eventually start to pile up and it turns out a lot of these weapons are going straight to American police forces to be used against US citizens.
Benjamin Carlson at The Daily reports on a little known endeavor called the "1033 Programs" that gave more than $500 million of military gear to U.S. police forces in 2011 alone.
1033 was passed by Congress in 1997 to help law-enforcement fight terrorism and drugs, but despite a 40-year low in violent crime, police are snapping up hardware like never before. While this year's staggering take topped the charts, next year's orders are up 400 percent over the same period.
This upswing coincides with an increasingly military-like style of law enforcement most recently seen in the Occupy Wall Street crackdowns.
Tim Lynch, director of the Cato Institute's project on criminal justice told The Daily, "The trend toward militarization was well under way before 9/11, but it's the federal policy of making surplus military equipment available almost for free that has poured fuel on this fire."
From The Daily:
Thanks to it, cops in Cobb County, Ga. — one of the wealthiest and most educated counties in the U.S. — now have an amphibious tank. The sheriff of Richland County, S.C., proudly acquired a machine-gun-equipped armored personnel carrier that he nicknamed "The Peacemaker."This comes on top of grants from the Department of Homeland Security that enable police departments to buy vehicles such as "BearCats" — 16,000-pound bulletproof trucks equipped with battering rams, gun ports, tear-gas dispensers and radiation detectors. To date, more than 500 of these tank-like vehicles have been sold by Lenco, its Massachusetts-based manufacturer, according to a report in the Orlando Sentinel.
"It's kind of had a corrupting influence on the culture of policing in America," Lynch says. "The dynamic is that you have some officers go to the chief and say, people in the next county have [military hardware], if we don't take it some other city will. Then they acquire the equipment, they create a paramilitary unit, and everything seems fine.
"But then one or two years pass. They say, look we've got this equipment, this training and we haven't been using it. That's where it starts to creep into routine policing."
Introduction
New research shows the human heart is much more than an efficient pump that sustains life. Our research suggests the heart also is an access point to a source of wisdom and intelligence that we can call upon to live our lives with more balance, greater creativity and enhanced intuitive capacities. All of these are important for increasing personal effectiveness, improving health and relationships and achieving greater fulfillment. This overview will explore intriguing aspects of the science of the heart, much of which is still relatively not well known outside the fields of psychophysiology and neurocardiology. We will highlight research that bridges the science of the heart and the highly practical, research-based skill set known as the HeartMath System.
The heart has been considered the source of emotion, courage and wisdom for centuries. For more than 28 years, the HeartMath Institute Research Center has explored the physiological mechanisms by which the heart and brain communicate and how the activity of the heart influences our perceptions, emotions, intuition and health. Early on in our research we asked, among other questions, why people experience the feeling or sensation of love and other regenerative emotions as well as heartache in the physical area of the heart. In the early 1990s, we were among the first to conduct research that not only looked at how stressful emotions affect the activity in the autonomic nervous system (ANS) and the hormonal and immune systems, but also at the effects of emotions such as appreciation, compassion and care. Over the years, we have conducted many studies that have utilized many different physiological measures such as EEG (brain waves), SCL (skin conductance), ECG (heart), BP (blood pressure) and hormone levels, etc. Consistently, however, it was heart rate variability, or heart rhythms that stood out as the most dynamic and reflective indicator of one's emotional states and, therefore, current stress and cognitive processes. It became clear that stressful or depleting emotions such as frustration and overwhelm lead to increased disorder in the higher-level brain centers and autonomic nervous system and which are reflected in the heart rhythms and adversely affects the functioning of virtually all bodily systems. This eventually led to a much deeper understanding of the neural and other communication pathways between the heart and brain. We also observed that the heart acted as though it had a mind of its own and could significantly influence the way we perceive and respond in our daily interactions. In essence, it appeared that the heart could affect our awareness, perceptions and intelligence. Numerous studies have since shown that heart coherence is an optimal physiological state associated with increased cognitive function, self-regulatory capacity, emotional stability and resilience.
We now have a much deeper scientific understanding of many of our original questions that explains how and why heart activity affects mental clarity, creativity, emotional balance, intuition and personal effectiveness. Our and others' research indicates the heart is far more than a simple pump. The heart is, in fact, a highly complex information-processing center with its own functional brain, commonly called the heart brain, that communicates with and influences the cranial brain via the nervous system, hormonal system and other pathways. These influences affect brain function and most of the body's major organs and play an important role in mental and emotional experience and the quality of our lives.
In recent years, we have conducted a number of research studies that have explored topics such as the electrophysiology of intuition and the degree to which the heart's magnetic field, which radiates outside the body, carries information that affects other people and even our pets, and links people together in surprising ways. We also launched the Global Coherence Initiative (GCI), which explores the interconnectivity of humanity with Earth's magnetic fields.
This overview discusses the main findings of our research and the fascinating and important role the heart plays in our personal coherence and the positive changes that occur in health, mental functions, perception, happiness and energy levels as people practice the HeartMath techniques. Practicing the techniques increases heart coherence and one's ability to self-regulate emotions from a more intuitive, intelligent and balanced inner reference. This also explains how coherence is reflected in our physiology and can be objectively measured.
The discussion then expands from physiological coherence to coherence in the context of families, workplaces and communities. Science of the Heart concludes with the perspective that being responsible for and increasing our personal coherence not only improves personal health and happiness, but also feeds into and influences a global field environment. It is postulated that as increasing numbers of people add coherent energy to the global field, it helps strengthen and stabilize mutually beneficial feedback loops between human beings and Earth's magnetic fields.
Joseph Cruz (Photo: Courtesy/NMCD)
SANTA FE, N.M. - A convicted murderer and another violent felon fled from a New Mexico prisoner transport van and were likely on the run for several hours before authorities realized they went missing, a corrections official said Thursday.
Lionel Clah (Photo: Courtesy/NMCD)
Joseph Cruz and Lionel Clah were spotted on surveillance video in Albuquerque around 4:30 a.m. Thursday. (Photo: Courtesy/New Mexico State Police)
Joseph Cruz and Lionel Clah were last accounted for around 8:30 p.m. Wednesday while they and three other inmates were being transported between correctional facilities in Roswell and Las Cruces — two cities in southern New Mexico that are more than 180 miles apart. Cruz and Clah were both spotted on surveillance video in Albuquerque around 4:30 a.m. Thursday, state police said.
It appeared neither of the corrections officers in charge of transporting the prisoners checked on the men during the two stops, despite having stopped at a gas station in Artesia, New Mexico Corrections Secretary Gregg Marcantel said. Correction officers didn't know the men went missing until around 1 a.m. Thursday, he said, and they remained missing Thursday afternoon.
“Somehow we failed,” Marcantel said. “We just don't have the detail at this point.”
Law enforcement officials confronted a daunting task of searching for the two prisoners across a wide swath of the state. Corrections officials said the men should be considered armed and dangerous, but didn't alert the public the men were on the loose until several hours after authorities realized they had escaped.
Cruz, 32, has been serving a life sentence for first-degree murder since 2007 for killing a man over drugs in Raton in northern New Mexico. Clah, 29, was convicted in 2009 of armed robbery and two counts of assault with intent to commit a violent felony on a peace officer.
Both men have multiple tattoos, including some that are visible on their neck and arms. Cruz has the word “TRIBAL” tattooed on his neck, while “SHIPROCK NATIVE” is tattooed on Clah's neck and a feather has been inked on his left cheek.
State Police spokeswoman Sgt. Elizabeth Armijo said the search involves sniffer dogs, aircraft and foot patrols. The U.S. Border Patrol, New Mexico State Police and other agencies were involved.
“We don't have any indication that they have gone out of that area” between Roswell and Las Cruces, she said. “We do have a very strong focus in that area.”
Armijo indicated investigators also were seeking out surveillance footage from the stop at the public gas station in Artesia.
Marcantel said police were focusing their search on southeastern New Mexico, but acknowledged that authorities couldn't say for certain exactly where the men may have fled to. Investigators haven't ruled out the possibility that the escape was planned.
“This must be investigated as something more organized,” he said. “We can't just assume an opportunity (presented itself).”
Both Cruz and Clah were shackled with leg irons and belly chains and wearing white prison jumpsuits before they fled, corrections spokeswoman Ashley Espinoza said. The area where they were last seen is largely rural, with open spaces and small towns situated along U.S. Highway 285.
Their escape comes after Corrections Department officials warned of dangerously low staffing levels at prison facilities across the state. In November, another inmate fled a minimum-security facility south of Albuquerque in the middle of the night after a series of missteps by authorities.
“People are rightly concerned about what's happening with the escapees,” Artesia Police Commander Lindell Smith said Thursday morning.
He told The Associated Press that his department placed extra officers on patrol to help with the search, and that local police's search is centered in an area just beyond the Artesia city limits.
According to state police, Clah was last seen wearing a red or maroon shirt with white design stretching from left shoulder to right shoulder, blue jeans, and dark shoes or boots. He was wearing a medium-sized brown hoodie over his shirt. Cruz was last seen wearing a tan or light brown shirt or long-sleeve jacket, blue jeans, white tennis shoes and regular eyeglasses.
Read or Share this story: http://r-news.co/1pjlysL
(h/t Heather.)
Robert Reich wonders why Baucus, Grassley et all are getting to decide for the nation on health care reform. We'll all pay for Obama's little experiment:
Aug. 23, 2009 | On Thursday, the so-called Gang of Six – three Republicans and three Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee – met by conference call and, according to Max Baucus, D-Mont., the committee's chair, reaffirmed their commitment "toward a bipartisan healthcare reform bill" (read: less coverage and no public insurance option). The Washington Post reports that the senators shared tales from their home states, where some have been besieged by protesters angry about a potential government takeover of the nation's healthcare system. It's come down to these six senators. The House has reported a bill, as has another Senate committee, but all eyes are fixed on Senate Finance – and on these three Dems and three Republicans, in particular. But who, exactly, anointed these six to decide the fate of the nation's healthcare? I don't get it. Of the three Republicans in the gang, the senior senator is Charles Grassley, R-Iowa. In recent weeks Grassley has refused to debunk the rumor that the House's healthcare bill will spawn "death panels," empowered to decide whether the sick and old get to live or die. At an Iowa town meeting last Tuesday Grassley called the president and Speaker Nancy Pelosi "intellectually dishonest" for claiming the opposite. On Thursday Grassley told the Washington Post that Congress should scale back its efforts to overhaul healthcare in the wake of intense anger at town hall meetings. But – wait – the anger is largely about distortions such as the "death panels" that Grassley refuses to debunk. This week on Fox News, Grassley termed the House bill "the Pelosi bill," and called it "a government takeover of healthcare, exploding the deficit because it's not paid for and it's got high taxes in it."
No, it will explode the deficit because the Blue Dogs fought the Medicare reimbursement rate successfully and as a result, the so-called public option will now cost as much as regular insurance. And because WalMart successfully fought for a grandfather clause that will enable them to provide the crappy, bare-bones insurance they always did, but competitors will have to pay for the real insurance. (Oh, and those workers will now be kicked on Medicaid and forced to take WalMart's crappy plan. Good times!)
But I digress.
Reich continues:
Yusef Salaam is a motivational speaker based in Atlanta.
For 27 years, I've been in Donald Trump's crosshairs.
I'm a member of the Central Park Five, a group of teenagers wrongfully imprisoned after the brutal sexual assault of a jogger in Central Park in 1989. The victim, a 28-year-old investment banker named Trisha Meili, was bludgeoned with a rock, tied up, raped and left for dead. She was discovered hours later.
When we were arrested, the police deprived us of food, drink or sleep for more than 24 hours. Under duress, we falsely confessed. Though we were innocent, we spent our formative years in prison, branded as rapists.
During our trial, it seemed like every New Yorker had an opinion. But no one took it further than Trump. He called for blood in the most public way possible. Trump used his money to take out full-page ads in all of the city's major newspapers, urging the reinstatement of the death penalty in New York. I don't know why the future Republican nominee bought those ads, but it seems part and parcel with his racist attitudes.
[I sold Trump $100,000 worth of pianos. Then he stiffed me.]
At the time, our families tried to shield us from what was going on in the media, but we still found out about Trump's ads. My initial thought was, “Who is this guy?” I was terrified that I might be executed for a crime I didn't commit.
Another man, Matias Reyes, eventually confessed to the rape and was definitively linked to the crime through DNA. Because of this, we were exonerated in 2002. New York City paid us $41 million in 2014 for our false imprisonment. (As is customary in such settlements, the city did not admit liability.)
Trump has never apologized for calling for our deaths. In fact, he's somehow still convinced that we belong in prison. When the Republican nominee was recently asked about the Central Park Five, he said, “They admitted they were guilty.√” In a statement to CNN, Trump wrote: “The police doing the original investigation say they were guilty. The fact that that case was settled with so much evidence against them is outrageous. And the woman, so badly injured, will never be the same.” (Meili, for her part, told CNN in 2003: “I guess there are lots of theories out there, but I just don't know. . . . I've had to come to peace with it by saying: ‘You know what? I'm just not going to know.' ”)
It's further proof of Trump's bias, racism and inability to admit that he's wrong.
When I heard Trump's latest proclamation, it was the worst feeling in the world. I couldn't breathe. Starting when I was 15, my life was not my own. For years, I had no control over what happened to me. Being in the spotlight makes me wary and self-conscious again. I am overwhelmed with fear that an overzealous Trump supporter might take matters into his or her hands.
Doing something simple like picking up dinner for the family or going to the aquarium now fills me with dread. I'm constantly looking over my shoulder, keeping an eye out for people who stare too long. Like a soldier always on high alert, I can never enjoy myself fully, with all the adrenaline that comes with that. It's a scary feeling.
[Donald Trump was my hero. Until I tried to sell talking Trump novelty pens.]
In some ways, I feel like I'm on trial all over again. I know what it is to be a young black man without a voice — like Trayvon Martin and Mike Brown, who were killed and then crucified in the press. Even though the Central Park Five were found innocent by a court of law, we are still guilty in the eyes of many. That brings a certain kind of stress.
I realize, too, that I'm not the only victim. Trump has smeared dozens of people, with no regard for the truth. And he has backed a “law and order” system (including the “stop and frisk” policy found to be unconstitutional) that would systematically target minorities, sending a collective chill down the spines of those of us who have been the victims of such “law and order.”
Black people across America know that because of the color of our skin, we are guilty before proven innocent. As a result, sometimes we lose the best years of our lives. Sometimes we lose our actual lives. We must not let this man ascend to the highest office in the land — a man who has proved that he lets neither facts nor humanity lead his steps.
This text has been updated from its original version.
A new state-of-the-art aquatic centre at the University of British Columbia's Point Grey campus will be open to the public before the end of the month.
Construction has reached completion on the new $39-million UBC Aquatic Centre, located next to the main bus exchange at the heart of the campus, to replace the old 1978-built pool.
The new 80,000-square-foot indoor facility, designed by locally-based Acton Ostry Architects and MacLennan Jaunklans Miller Architects, features three pools:
A 50 m competition pool built to FINA competition standards;
A 25 m recreational pool with a maximum depth of 4.5 m;
and a leisure pool, with a lazy river and water sprays, designed for families with young children.
Unlike the old facility's interconnected pool areas, temperatures in each fully-separated pool can be adjusted to optimize water conditions for various activities.
But similar to the old facility, there is a 460-person capacity seating area, with washroom facilities, on a mezzanine overlooking the competition pool – where students and other members of the public can watch swimmers, eat lunch, and study.
For competitions, a large video board on the northern end of the competition pool can display swimmer lane placements and times, and spectator capacity can be increased by installing temporary seating to the opposite side of the pool.
“The reason it is called a fast pool…[is that] the size of the gutters is larger and what that means is it captures more of the water that falls out of the pool instead of it reverberating back into the water,” said Kavie Toor, the Senior Director of Facilities, Recreation and Sport Partnerships of UBC Athletics and Recreation during a media tour of the facility. “That means there is less water bouncing back and it creates faster conditions.”
New jaw-dropping school buildings tend to open only after I graduate. New UBC Aquatic Centre opens Jan. 23! @VancityBuzz @UBCThunderbirds pic.twitter.com/yPdllCqeIX — Ken Chan (@iamkennethchan) January 18, 2017
The pool facilities are so large that it can accommodate up to nearly 1,000 bathers in the waters at any one time.
The main indoor area where the three pools are located is airy and bright with a spine of skylights going through the centre of the building to flood the space with natural light. Light also bounces off the interior's white finishings, and acoustic tiles on the ceiling and a barrisol stretch overhang on the spine soften and diffuse sound.
There is also a steam room, sauna, and a significantly larger hot tub with a permanent power lift. The hot tub can hold up to 34 people, up from eight people at the old pool's hot tub.
Public lockers right next to those of Olympians
Change room and shower facilities are diverse, with a men's room, women's room, and a universal room specifically designed for families with young children and individuals who identify as transgender.
Inside the men's and women's change rooms, the designated lockers used by the UBC Thunderbirds Varsity Swim Team – including Rio 2016 Olympians and UBC students Emily Overholt, Yuri Kisil, and Markus Thormeyer – are clearly identified to inspire the next generation of swimmers.
“We wanted to be able to have families and youth to be able to swim right next to Olympians, and we thought that was the most compelling story about our pool facility and something that is an experience that you can't get anywhere else,” said Toor. “All ages can have a locker right next to an Olympic like Emily Overholt.”
As for the exterior, a glass envelope encloses the building and the expansive roof collects rainwater, which is stored in underground holding tanks with a storing capacity of 1.3 million litres. Waters for the pool are disinfected with a system that combines chlorine and UV methods.
The building's engineers estimate that 2.7 million litres of the pool's water used on an annual basis will be from the collected rainwater, and it is one of the several green design features that provides the building with a LEED Gold environmental design standard.
An advanced air filtration system improves the pool area's air makeup by cleaning up the air at the water level. Nitrogen Trichloride, the chemical that is produced when chlorine reacts with body fluids, and the smell that pools are best associated with, is sucked in from low-lying air pumps across the facility.
“A very big step up from our previous pool”
While the old facility had a host of problems, including faulty electrical systems and aging filtration systems, it boasted a fitness gym, elite-level five-metre diving platform, 1 m and 3 m diving boards, and a secondary 50 m outdoor pool with diving platforms, which closed in 2014.
The new aquatic centre is only built with 1 m and 3 m diving boards, and the 25 m pool cannot be utilized as a full-length practice facility for some of the largest international competitions. There is no fitness gym, but it is anticipated that a renovation or re-build of the nearby War Memorial Gymnasium will incorporate expanded recreational fitness facilities.
See also
Early in the new facility's design stage, there were discussions on having two 50 m length pools, and within some groups on campus that remains as a desired addition to the new facility – perhaps under the first floor of a new War Memorial Gymnasium.
“I could see some people wanting that, but this is totally fine I think. We can still host competitions here, it's still a very nice facility and a very big step up from our previous pool,” said Thormeyer, a first-year Science student who lives on campus and is part of the UBC Thunderbirds Varsity Swim Team.
The Varsity Swim Team has already moved over to the new pool, having started swimming in the new waters earlier this week.
“It's really cool to see UBC now being on par with other high-performance training centres in Canada,” added Thormeyer. “We can host bigger competitions now since we have a proper 50 m tank and a warm down whereas before it was more difficult for us.”
“I swam here (at the old pool) every weekend when I was 12 until I was 17, and then I also swam at the pool last year in preparation for Rio.”
Kisil, who is in the General Liberal Studies program and a part of the Varsity Swim Team, says he won't miss the old pool too much.
“There are a lot of memories, so of course it'll be sad, but then there are a couple of other things like cracks in the tile might cut your foot. Well, I won't really miss that I guess,” said Kisil.
The old pool next door will host its last swim tonight at 8 pm, and demolition will begin just a few hours later on Friday.
Students, faculty, alumni, and anyone in the community can enjoy the new UBC Aquatic Centre beginning on Monday, January 23.
See also
The U.S. is adjusting its aerial tactics after the Islamic State baited an airstrike on nearly 200 civilians in Mosul, a spokesman for the U.S. mission in Iraq told reporters Thursday.
Army Col. Joseph Scrocca told reporters the U.S. has video of ISIS forcing civilians into a building, and killing a civilian who resisted. ISIS then stationed fighters on the building in an effort to get the U.S. backed Iraqi Security Forces to call in a U.S. airstrike on the position.
The suspicion came to light after a March 17 U.S. airstrike hit the building, possibly playing a role in its collapse and the resulting death of 200 civilians. The video confirmed U.S. suspicion of the tactic and “has caused some adjustments” to targeting procedures.
“My initial assessment is that we probably had a role in these casualties,” Army Lt. Gen Stephen Townsend told reporters Tuesday. Townsend clarified that the types of U.S. munitions used should not have collapsed the structure, indicating ISIS booby traps may have played a role.
“What you see now is not the use of civilians as human shields,” Scrocca continued. “Now it is something much more sinister.”
Civilian casualty incidents may multiply as the U.S. supports the most brutal phase of the Iraqi Security Force advance on Mosul. The Iraqi's are currently assaulting the most crowded and narrow part of Mosul in what has turned into a bitter urban slog.
Nearly 400,000 civilians remain inside ISIS controlled Mosul, and they may be used increasingly as human shields as ISIS hangs on to the last of its territory in Iraq. “We go out of our way to always do everything humanly possible to reduce the loss of life or injury among innocent people,” Secretary of Defense James Mattis told reporters after the March 17 incident.
(DAILY CALLER)
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].
Though it may be hard to accept for Pawnee, Indiana fans and residents, Parks and Recreation airs its series finale tonight, Feb. 24. While the final episode will undoubtedly be a fitting sendoff, there are dozens of episodes and hundreds of characters, running gags, and fake board games that have made the show such a beloved comedy.
Relive some of those memories and prepare (as best as you can) for the finale by watching the Parks and Rec cast recap the show in 30 seconds.
A lot has happened to the Parks and Recreation department of Pawnee, Indiana. But according to Aziz Ansari, it's all just been one extended episode of Pimp My Ride.
Thankfully, the rest of the Parks and Recreation cast was on hand to more accurately describe the show's first six years in anticipation for its seventh and final season. Amy Poehler, Nick Offerman, Chris Pratt, and more all recapped some of the comedy, romance, and bacon that has come to define the show.
Parks and Recreation returned on Jan. 13 for a final season full of Pawnee residents and returning guest stars who have popped up in the show's first six seasons. Sadly, Xzibit is unlikely to appear.
There was simply no end to the hijinks, controversy and out-and-out skullduggery surrounding Saturday night's UFC 210. In other words, it was an event tailor made for Ben and Chad to discuss on the CME. From Daniel Cormier getting a little help from a beach towel at the official weigh-in to Pearl Gonzalez being ruled out and then ruled back in due to breast implants (WTF. SERIOUSLY, NYSAC?) things had gotten weird before the fights even started. Once they did, fans got to see Gegard Mousasi's co-main event bout against Chris Weidman ruined by … situations beyond our control … and then saw Anthony Johnson abruptly retire inside the cage after losing to Cormier a second time. This one was a doozy, my dudes. Oh yeah, and NEXT week we get UFC on Fox 24, featuring a card chock full of sure-fire goodness. What could possibly go wrong!
All that, plus Just Sayin' Stuff and AYFKM.
Direct downloaders can sign up to play for the LA Rams right here.
Andrew Augustin, head of Notion Games, has announced that the name for his upcoming Wii U title has to be changed once again.
Andrew informed us that in order for his game to see release on Nintendo's Wii U, he was required to change the name of his game. This isn't the first time this indie dev has been pressured by Nintendo to change the title of his upcoming game.
The game in question was originally titled Super Ubi Land. Before Super Ubi Land was rebranded the first time, Notion Games announced that it would release on Linux, Mac, Windows, Wii U, and the PlayStation Vita. Notion Games were set to release the title on Linux, Mac, and Windows, until they encountered their first roadblock.
Contrary to popular belief, Nintendo were the ones to reach out to Andrew and tell him that they were uncomfortable with using “Ubi” in the title. Reasons for this stemmed from Nintendo's concern for causing a conflict with the gaming publisher Ubisoft. After jumping through a couple of hoops, Andrew finally got an OK from a Ubisoft rep, and decided to add an ‘E' to the end of ‘UBI'. The game then released on PC under the name Super Ubie Land and everything seemed fine and dandy after Nintendo and Ubisoft settled the name change. Unfortunately for Notion Games they still were not in the clear.
Andrew was approached once again by Nintendo saying they have concerns with the overall title of the game and have asked him to change it once more. Without going into details many can assume that Nintendo has a problem with the words ‘Super' and ‘Land' being used in the game. It's bad enough that this developer was already talked into changing the original spelling of his mascot, but Nintendo should have been clear the first time around before Notion Games officially released the title on PC.
Super Ubie Land is described as a love letter to the classic 2D side scrolling adventures of the early 90s. Andrew has stated several times that his overall intention was to pay homage to games like Super Mario World and Donkey Kong Country, so from an outside perspective one can easily understand why he chose the original title for his game. It's a bit depressing to see that in order for his game to see the light of day on a major console, he is forced to make more changes to a title that should not need another name change.
Without further delay here is the name that Nintendo agreed to. The final name change (hopefully) is Super Ubie Island (until Nintendo realizes they own Yoshi's Island).
Thankfully Mr. Augustin did not have to drastically change too much over time. Adding an ‘E' and ‘IS' isn't as bad as it seems, but the game has been marketed under a different title for so long, that once again Notion Games will have to rebrand everything.
Notion Games is hard at work with their next title Team Notion, which will also see release on the Vita and Wii U. Hopefully this is the last time this small indie team will have to endure a headache like this.
A pessary is a prosthetic device inserted into the vagina to reduce the protrusion of pelvic structures into the vagina. It can be a route of administration of medication and provides a slow and consistent release of the medication. Pessaries are of varying shapes and sizes. They may cause vaginal ulceration if they are not correctly sized and routinely cleansed. Depending on locale, pessaries can be fitted by health care practitioners; in some countries, pessaries may be available over the counter.[1]
The term is derived from Ancient Greek: πεσσάριον, translit. pessárion, "a piece of medication-soaked wool/lint, inserted into the vagina."[2]
An assortment of pessaries
Pessaries are mentioned in the oldest surviving copy of the Hippocratic Oath as something that physicians should never administer for the purposes of an abortion: "Similarly I will not give to a woman a pessary to cause abortion."[3]
Types of pessaries [ edit ]
Different types of pessaries
Therapeutic pessaries [ edit ]
A therapeutic pessary is a medical device similar to the outer ring of a diaphragm. Therapeutic pessaries are used to support the uterus, vagina, bladder, or rectum. Pessaries are a treatment option for pelvic organ prolapse.[4] A pessary is most commonly used to treat prolapse of the uterus. It is also used to treat stress urinary incontinence, a retroverted uterus, cystocele and rectocele. Historically, pessaries may have also been used to perform abortions.
The Cerclage Pessary is used to treat pregnant women with cervical incompetence in order to support the cervix and turn it backward towards the sacrum. It may be indicated in pregnancies with a history of premature labor, multiple pregnancies or mothers who are exposed to physical strain (e.g. standing for a long time). It may also be indicated in pregnant women suffering from prolapse of the genital organs.[5]
The pessary can be placed temporarily or permanently, and must be fitted by a physician, physician assistant, midwife, or advanced practice nurse. Some pessaries can be worn during intercourse.
Pharmaceutical pessaries [ edit ]
A pharmaceutical pessary is used as a very effective means of delivery of pharmaceutical substances easily absorbed through the skin of the vagina, or intended to have action in the locality, for example against inflammation or yeast infection, or on the uterus. Pessaries were used as birth control in ancient times[vague].[citation needed]
Occlusive pessaries [ edit ]
An occlusive pessary is generally used in combination with spermicide as a contraceptive.
Stem pessary [ edit ]
The stem pessary, a type of occlusive pessary, was an early form of the cervical cap. Shaped like a dome, it covered the cervix, and a central rod or "stem" entered the uterus through the os, to hold it in place.[6]
General side effects [ edit ]
Side effects that are shared among most different types of pessaries include: risks of increased vaginal discharge, vaginal irritation, ulceration, bleeding, and dyspareunia (painful intercourse for the male or female).
See also [ edit ]
SAN DIEGO >> Paco Rodriguez has a bone spur in his left elbow that will eventually require surgery, the Dodgers pitcher said Friday. However, Rodriguez has been so encouraged by his improvement over the last two weeks, he believes he can postpone the procedure until the season is over.
“I dodged a bullet,” Rodriguez said.
Throwing off a mound Friday for the second time since he went on the disabled list March 30, Rodriguez said his velocity returned to normal. He didn't have a radar gun trained on his pitches, but Rodriguez said “I feel like I'm actually letting go of the ball. The arm strength is there.”
Velocity was the chief concern when the Dodgers ordered an MRI scan on Rodriguez's elbow. It had been decreasing slowly but steadily since the 24-year-old pitcher entered the league as a rookie in 2012, fueling speculation about a torn ligament.
However, the MRI revealed no structural damage had taken place the past three years. Rodriguez had been pitching through the bone spur and, with enough rest, he believes he'll be able to continue doing so until the end of the season.
Beyond giving his arm a break, Rodriguez said his time on the DL allowed him to “try to grow scar tissue around the area” of the bone spur.
“Right now it's going good,” Rodriguez said. “The rest was huge.”
Before he goes out on a minor-league rehab assignment, Rodriguez said he'll throw to live hitters in games at Camelback Ranch in Glendale, Ariz.
Olivera up to Triple-A
Hector Olivera was promoted to Triple-A Oklahoma City after six games at Double-A Tulsa.
Olivera, whose six-year, $62.5 million contract became official in May, was batting .318 at the time of his promotion. He also had three errors in the field – two at second base and one at third.
The promotion was not a surprise. Olivera is expected to join the major-league roster at some point this season and was going to need time at Triple-A before that.
With Howie Kendrick entrenched at second base and Justin Turner and Alex Guerrero manning third, how might Olivera fit in?
“If he can hit and do his thing then we'll figure it out,” Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said. “Days off are good for guys. That's all there is to it. It's a long season. You see it, even with Howie getting those four days (off last week) … he wouldn't admit that but it looks a little different.”
Olivera did not play in the Oklahoma City Dodgers' victory over the Nashville Sounds.
Beachy nearing rehab
Brandon Beachy threw two innings Thursday at Camelback Ranch and could begin a minor-league rehab assignment Tuesday with Single-A Rancho Cucamonga.
“It was the best he's sounded about it,” Mattingly said.
Beachy has been on the 60-day disabled list since the season began as he recovers from his second Tommy John surgery, which was performed in April of last year. Once his rehab assignment begins, Beachy has 30 days before he can be added to the Dodgers' roster.
There's a work-around to that rule. If a player reports a setback (or is reported by his club to have a setback), he can shut the first 30-day window and open another at a later date.
Beachy is mindful of that window and has been cautious in scheduling any minor-league rehab games until he felt like a return to the majors was 30 days away. He's expected to need the full 30 days.
Also
The Dodgers acquired 22-year-old infielder Ronald Torreyes from the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday and assigned him to Double-A Tulsa. Darwin Barney was designated for assignment to make room for Torreyes on the 40-man roster. Barney had been hitting .214 at Triple-A Oklahoma City and only appeared in two games with the Dodgers this season. Torreyes was playing for the New Hampshire FisherCats, the Blue Jays' Double-A affiliate in the Eastern League, where he had just seven hits and four walks in 54 plate appearances. He began the season in the Houston Astros organization and batted .200 in 19 Triple-A games. … Joel Peralta is expected to throw an inning for Single-A Rancho Cucamonga on Saturday, which would be his second in three days. Peralta is attempting to return from a pinched nerve that affected his right tricep. … Carl Crawford (oblique) has resumed swinging a bat at Camelback Ranch.
WASHINGTON D.C: A Leading American think tank, Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI) has expressed concern over the growing threat of religious extremism in the United Kingdom, according to a news agency.
In a research paper published by the MEMRi, Tufail Ahmad, Director for South Asia said, “The speeches and activities of Islamic clerics settled in the UK and coming into the UK from Pakistan and elsewhere reveal only one point — they teach the same extremist ideas that are taught in Pakistan.”
Ahmad was speaking in the context of the recent weeks-long siege of Islamabad over the issue of Khatm-e-Nabuwwat, a belief that is part of the Pakistan's blasphemy laws.
He said, “the ideas articulated by militants in Pakistan are being preached in British towns and Europe – publicly and in mass rallies”.
He further states, “In recent decades, Ahmadis, pejoratively dismissed by clerics as ‘Qadianis' and persecuted by the Pakistani state and society, have found shelter in the UK. Ahmadis will be at the receiving end of Pakistani extremism flowing into the UK because they are accused, of not believing Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) to be the last prophet.”
Speaking in Birmingham on November 28, Chaudhary Dawood Pahalwan, the convener of the Jamaat-e-Islami UK for the Midlands – “paid generous tribute to those who sacrificed their lives for the honour of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)” during the violence in Islamabad.
Pahalwan warned, “Unless Nizam-e-Mustafa [the Prophet Muhammad's (PBUH) system of governance] is established in Pakistan, there cannot be peace in the country.”
Ahmad indicated that there have been several instances where Islamic clerics in the UK have opposed democratic rule in favour of Islamic rule.
In conclusion, Ahmad writes, “Khatm-e-Nabuwwat is one of the beliefs that constitute Islam's blasphemy laws. The speeches and activities of Islamic clerics settled in the UK and coming into the UK from Pakistan and elsewhere reveal only one point: they teach the same ideas that are taught in Pakistan.”
This Saturday Brian Regan will make history. Regan is headlining at New York's spectacular Radio City Music Hall to tape his newest comedy special, and his entire performance will be broadcast LIVE on Comedy Central at 9pm. If you read the IBang you're probably already a giant Regan fan but for the uninitiated, Brian Regan is one of the most beloved comedians performing today by fans, critics, and fellow comics. He is constantly on tour, selling out theaters across North America, and yet he jokes that he could walk one block from a theater to a Starbucks and nobody will know who he is. And yet everyone who gets introduced to Brian, loves him.
To help you pre-game for Regan's big event Saturday night, and to help you pass some Regan along to convert your friends who might not be in the know, we wanted to gather some of the greatest Brian Regan comedy bits of all time. But Regan has more classic bits than any comedian we know and it would be impossible for us to choose. So rather than give you our favorites we talked to some of New York's great comedians who told us Brian is “phenomenal”, “the greatest”, “the funniest man on the planet” and “the master.”
Gary Gulman's Pick: “Is There Any Way I Could Get a Glass of Water?”
Gary Gulman is one of the funniest and most popular touring stand up comics today. He's put out three comedy specials, three albums and you've seen him on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Late Show with David Letterman, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Conan, @midnight, The Pete Holmes Show, and Inside Amy Schumer. Recently on SiriusXM's Bennington show, the owner of New York's Comedy Cellar said Gulman was one of the 20 best comics performing in New York today, and called him “Carlin-esque.” He's currently on his “It's About Time” tour. Checkout his website for dates.
Gulman saw Brian for the first time when he was about 25 years old at Boston's Faneuil Hall. “Then I bought his album and I've pretty much got it memorized. His first album which is called Brian Regan Live is just a masterpiece of masterpieces”
Gulman's favorite bit: “My favorite Brian Regan bit is the person who says “is there any way I could get a glass of water?” Do you know that one? “I'm sorry but there is no way.” And if its my favorite Brian Regan bit than its my favorite bit of anybody ever.”
Tammy Pescatelli's Pick: “Stupid in School”
Tammy Pescatelli is one of the funniest and fastest comedians working today. She grew up outside of Cleveland, is based in New York, with a heritage all the way from Sicily and explosively funny. She's a regular on SiriusXM satellite radio including theBennington, Howard Stern and Dirty Sexy Funny with Jenny McCarthy shows. Tammy's latest comedy special “Finding the Funny was released as a Netflix original and selected New and Noteworthy by iTunes editors, and she's appeared on The Tonight Show twice.
Tammy told us how she first discovered Brian Regan, who later became one of her favorite comedians. “I think it was one of those specials they used to do. He stood out completely. Young, I think he had a purple jacket and that's not why he stood out, just so funny.”
My favorite Regan bit is the Spelling Bee. It takes me back to the classroom and that pressure of the spelling bee. He turns it into the academic version of Dodgeball! It's so simple but the first sentence transcends race, age and gender. And then when he talks about using numbers instead of letters-I just about peed my pants! (That's 2 “e's”!)
Watch a clip of Brian performing “Stupid in School” on YouTube.
Dan Soder's Pick: “I Didn't Do What You Told Me To Do”
Dan Soder is a rising star in comedy. You've seen him on television with a Comedy Central Half Hour Special, on Conan, MTV's Guy Code, and Comedy Central's Inside Amy Schumer. After frequent appearances on SiriusXM's Bennington and Opie with Jim Norton shows, Soder now hosts his own show on SiriusXM's Comedy Central Radio channel with Big Jay Oakerson, called The Bonfire.
Dan Soder has been a fan of Brian Regan since he was a teenager. “I want to say I was fourteen and a buddy of mine had his album burnt on a CD and I took the CD and listened to it over and over again. I was 15 and I was like oh this guys great. And then I saw him live when I was like 19 and I was like this guy is the best comic working. It was amazing.”
Dan's favorite Regan bits. “The opening of I Walked on the Moon with the whole ointment cream and how you treat doctors advice. As a hypochondriac, it's one of my favorite jokes of all time. I didn't do the thing you said to do. Like when he does that act out. And the topical ointment on a cannonball wound? Yeah.”
You can watch a clip of Brian talking about going to the doctor here, on YouTube.
Joe List's Pick: “World's Strongest Man”
Over the summer Joe List exploded on Last Comic Standing with three of the best sets on the entire run of the show. Joe's also appeared on Late Show with David Letterman, AXS's Gotham Comedy Live, and he'll appear on Comedy Central's The Half Hour this season. He's also a regular on SiriusXM's Bennington. And Joe picks Brian as one of his influences and favorite comedians of all time.
List had a tough time picking favorite Brian Regan bit because he loves so many but ultimately chose the World's Strongest Man. “There's so many, they're rifling through my head right now but maybe the strong man competition bit? The six pianos full of molten lead, I love that one. I don't want to do the whole bit because I'm not Brian Regan but I like that one the most.”
Listen to Brian Regan talk about the World's Strongest Man contest on YouTube.
Tommy Pope's Pick: “Go Ahead…Toast ‘Em”
Tommy Pope is a writer and stand up comedian from Philadelphia and he's one of Philly's funniest. He also is one of Philly's Phunniest, an honor he won in 2011 when he took the title at Helium Comedy Club. Pope has appeared on AXS TV's Gotham Comedy Live, NBC's Last Comic Standing and on The Tonight Show in a sketch with Steve Martin, and his original digital series Delco Proper just got picked up by Comedy Central. Pope was also a finalist in Caroline's Comedy Club's New York's Funniest in 2014.
Brian Regan's first Comedy Central special was the first special Tommy ever watched. “I was doing regular corporate work and I was about 26 and my brother Brian was obsessed with him so he kept pushing me to watch this DVD of one of his earlier specials and I was floored and he's actually one of the reasons I wanted to get into stand up. I never had any influence outside of Eddie Murphy or Richard Pryor when I was growing up but I only saw snippets here and there when my dad would watch. I wasn't really comedy fan or student of comedy until I saw him and that's when I really wanted to get into it. I just loved his energy and his charisma and his characters. He was just so different from a hard edged, smokey filled whiskey drinking club and he had an ability to make anyone smile. Kids watch him and laugh and he's just so dynamic and I've never seen anyone like him.”
Tommy's favorite bit: “The pop tart bit. It's such a classic. and I guess it influenced me before i got into comedy so that's probably mine.”
Listen to Tommy's favorite Regan bit about Pop Tart instructions, on YouTube.
Emma Willmann's Pick: “I Walked on the Moon”
Emma Willmann is one of the freshest young comics working today. She's headlined in the New York Comedy Festival, was on the over of TimeOutNY AND GoMagazine, won first place in The Boston Comedy Riots, performed stand up on national TV with Louie Anderson, and beat out hundreds of comedians to be named one of the top ten for New York's Funniest.
She said Brian became one of her favorite comedians of all time after finding him accidentally. “I never watched comedy growing up so the first comedian I ever saw was Dane Cook because he was in Boston and so popular. Then I'm just googling around and I remember Dane Cook, then Katt Williams, then Richard Jenni and I forget who, and Bruce Bruce was the other one and then I found Brian Regan. You know when you YouTube someone…and I think I was watching Bruce Bruce and this sounds pretty random but I think Brian Regan popped up in the ‘if you like him, you might like him” and they were right.
Emma's pick: “My favorite Brian Regan bit is when he goes to the dinner party and everybody's bragging and he wants to say he walked on the moon.”
Listen to Brian perform “I Walked on the Moon” on YouTube
Greg Stone's Pick: “Logs”
Greg Stone is an up and coming comic in New York City, and said he Regan to thank for some of his early stage time. “I met him once. I used to work at a comedy club, Rascals in Montclair. And I was a door guy and he was the comedian, and I had to go down and get beer from the basement. I was walking down and I see Brian and I'm like hey man I gotta say you're a huge inspiration to me and he was very nice. But then my manager at the top of the stairs goes, ‘hey Greg, I think we need that beer.' And Brian goes, ‘hey this guy Greg's a comedian. Why don't you ever put him on stage?' And I was like oh my god you're my hero, it was insane he would say such a nice thing. And you could totally see my manager getting his head and saying, well we're going to try to get him up when he's ready. And Brian's like, hey, he tells jokes, he's ready. It was the nicest thing anyone ever did and then shortly after they got me up.
Greg's Pick: “My favorite bit is, he's on the highway and he said if you had logs go that way, and you had logs..it's just the funniest thing. That's always my favorite joke. I always try to tell people and theyre like oohhhhh. I'm doing his voice. How do people talk to him and not do his voice?”
Listen to Brian talk about log trucks here on YouTube.
Sarah Tollemache's Pick: “Cup of Dirt”
Sarah Tollemache is a New York comedian by way of Houston Texas. Before heading for New York Sarah was named ‘Best Local Comedian' by the Houston Press and grabbed the title in Houston's Funniest Contest. She's been featured on two seasons of NBC's ‘Last Comic Standing, wasnamed one of the top 20 female comics to follow-on Twitter by the Huffington Post and performs regularly on New York's stand up stages and at the Upright Citizen Brigade Theater where she is a writer. She's a giant fan of Regan.
“I think my favorite, because I relate to it the most is, it's a cup of dirt, move on. That's my favorite bit. I think I just started doing stand up and that was the guys name that everyone dropped. Saying he's hilarious. I went to go see him like two weeks after I started, and then I went to go see him and I thought it was the best thing ever.”
[tps_footer]
Watch Brian Regan LIVE at Radio City Music Hall Saturday at 9pm on Comedy Central. Don't miss this incredible event.
.
[/tps_footer]
Russia is struggling with an HIV epidemic, but you could be excused for thinking that the problem did not exist at all. Sex education and HIV and Aids prevention are not topics for schools, and public service advertising and media coverage is rare. Even many healthcare professionals prefer to avoid the topic.
But while Charlie Sheen-style HIV revelations by celebrities are also unheard of in the country, this week a television presenter, Pavel Lobkov, declared that he was HIV-positive during a live broadcast on TV.
Lobkov and activists said they hoped that his statement, broadcast by the small independent channel TV Rain, would jumpstart public discussion about the issue, as the number of new HIV cases skyrocketed.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Charlie Sheen on the Today Show in the US, when he announced he was HIV positive. Photograph: Peter Kramer/NBC//Getty
“It's not the done thing to talk for real [about HIV], and in Russia it's a real problem,” Lobkov said. “Maybe after this shock there will be a discussion about what these medicines are, and are there enough doctors specialising in this, is their knowledge adequate to treat HIV infections?”
Lobkov said during the broadcast that he had discovered he had HIV in 2003 while working for the NTV channel. Immediately after he was diagnosed his doctor refused to treat him, telling him he was being excluded from the NTV insurance programme.
Since then Lobkov had had trouble finding treatment for mundane conditions. He said it took him about a year to find a dentist willing to perform an implant procedure after several told him his HIV status would cause complications, despite research showing such concerns to be baseless.
According to Lena Groznova, an activist at the HIV-prevention group Andrey Rylkov Foundation, such ignorance about HIV is common even among healthcare workers, due to the lack of public service information. She said public perception of HIV was outdated and associated the condition with a “quick death”. Widespread disapproval of gay relationships and drug use also played a role.
“Few people from the general population know that a therapy exists that allows people to support their [HIV] status. Even among specialists we run into, police, doctors, have a stigma and fear of HIV people that doesn't match the threat, which is none,” Groznova said.
Lobkov said several doctors had contacted him in recent days to tell him about HIV-positive patients who did not seek treatment or register for state-provided medicine for fear that their infected status would have a bad impact on their professional and personal lives.
Russia is one of the few countries where the number of HIV cases is rapidly growing. According to the federal Aids centre, at least 986,657 Russians were officially registered as HIV-positive as of 1 November, and the number of new cases had risen by 12% this year.
While Russia grapples with HIV epidemic, Moscow's addicts share their filthy needles Read more
A consumer oversight agency official in St Petersburg said last month that Russia faced an HIV epidemic. But while the government has increased spending to treat Aids, state policy on fighting HIV has focused on abstinence from sex and drugs, rather than harm reduction programmes.
A message from the Ryazan city government for World Aids Day on Tuesday declared that “even one single sexual contact, even one dose of drugs, can cause HIV infection”.
The state-run Russian Strategic Research Institute said in a report, in October, that rather than adopting western methods, Russia needed to develop an HIV and Aids prevention programme to “reflect real national interests”.
Opioid substitution treatment with substances such as methadone, which aims to help users gradually lose their addiction and is frequently used in the west, is illegal. The Andrey Rylkov Foundation is one of the few groups that hands out clean needles and condoms to at-risk groups such as drug users.
Although the Moscow city Aids prevention centre recently began an advertising campaign around the slogan “Friendship doesn't transmit HIV”, it was not enough, Groznova said.
Lobkov said: “The government can fight social phobias, it should have information campaigns on tolerance, acceptance. If there will be tolerance, people will go do [HIV] tests, then they will go [to] therapy, and the epidemic will start to die.”
It's rare to see a liquor company give up an entire brand in exchange for a piece of another. But that's what Diageo, the world's largest liquor company, is doing with Bushmills Irish Whiskey. It's selling its entire Bushmills line to Jose Cuervo to acquire the other 50% of luxury tequila brand Don Julio (the half it doesn't already own). Don Julio did about $168 million in sales last year, most of them through Diageo. Bushmills sales totaled around $75 million.
Both companies are using the deal to diversify their holdings. Based on its sales and growth potential, Don Julio looks like a good deal for Diageo. By buying all of Don Julio, Diageo gets more exposure to the luxury tequila, which has been growing faster than its mainstream liquor brands like Smirnoff and Captain Morgan. In fact, Don Julio is among the fastest and most consistently growing liquor brands in the US, tequila's biggest market:
The company tried to buy all of Jose Cuervo in 2012, but couldn't agree on terms. Even acquiring the Don Julio piece of it gives Diageo has plenty of room to run; the brand sold a bit more than two million liters of tequila in the US last year, compared to Patron, which sold 18 million liters with a much bigger investment in marketing. With the right marketing, Don Julio can take advantage of the interest in high-end tequila inspired by Patron.
For its part, Jose Cuervo can use Bushmills to gain more international exposure and beef up its non-tequila holdings. Bushmills has a smaller US presence but is growing at a 7% clip worldwide. Jose Cuervo, which owns the world's biggest tequila brand by far, is underexposed to whiskey. Irish whiskey was the fastest growing whiskey worldwide last year, and has eclipsed tequila in volume and value growth for several years.
But the vast majority of that growth has come from the US and has gone to the more heavily marketed brand Jameson, a competitor owned by Pernod Ricard. If the company can position 250-year-old Bushmills as an alternative to Jameson, the brand could deliver big growth.
Then-secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton testifies in January 2013. (Photo11: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP)
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Embassy in strife-torn Libya was evacuated early Saturday, under cover of American warplanes and spy aircraft, according to the State Department and the Pentagon.
Personnel from the embassy were evacuated as security deteriorated in the capital of Tripoli.
"Due to the ongoing violence resulting from clashes between Libyan militias in the immediate vicinity of the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli, we have temporarily relocated all of our personnel out of Libya," State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said in a statement.
Embassy personnel were taken to temporary offices in neighboring Tunisia with security provided by U.S. forces. Harf said the embassy is not closed but operations were temporarily suspended.
"At the request of the Department of State, the U.S. military assisted in the relocation of personnel from the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli, Libya on Saturday, July 26," Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, said in a statement. "All embassy personnel were relocated, including the Marine security guards who were providing security at the embassy and during the movement."
The evacuation took place with surveillance planes providing watch, and warplanes patrolling to provide close-air support in the event of an attack. F-16 fighters, airborne intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance assets and an Airborne Response Force with MV-22 Ospreys provided security, Kirby said.
The mission was conducted without incident, and the entire operation lasted approximately five hours, he said.
The streets of Tripoli have grown chaotic. Clashes between armed militias have killed and wounded dozens in the past few weeks. Militias, paid by the government, have been battling to control the city's airport.
Since the civil war in Libya in 2011 that toppled dictator Moammar Gadhafi, the country has been unable to form a stable government. Violence has increased in recent weeks, prompting the embassy's evacuation.
United Nations and non-governmental aid organizations already have abandoned Libya's second-largest city, Benghazi. It was there on Sept. 11, 2012 that militants besieged the U.S. Consulate and nearby CIA annex, killing four Americans, including ambassador Christopher Stevens.
The fallout from that attack reverberates in Washington today. The latest investigation, led by Republicans, is getting underway on Capitol Hill, and one of the alleged ringleaders of the attack sits in a federal prison cell in Alexandria, Va., awaiting trial.
Its circumstances are the focus of a special 12-member House investigative panel led by Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C.
Republicans allege that the Obama administration misrepresented the attack to protect his re-election bid and Hillary Rodham Clinton's potential run in 2016. She was secretary of State when the attack occurred. Republican criticism first focused on then-U.N. ambassador Susan Rice, who initially pointed to mob violence over an anti-Islamic film. Democrats refute that there was a conspiracy or cover-up, saying it was a vicious attack with a tragic outcome.
Groups linked to al-Qaeda were later found to be involved.
On June 15, American special operations forces nabbed Ahmed Abu Khattala just south of Benghazi. He was taken to a Navy ship, questioned there and brought to Virginia to face trial.
Prosecutors allege that Khattala, 43, was the commander of the Benghazi branch of the Ansar al-Sharia terror group. He is due back in court Sept. 9.
Earlier this year, the Senate Intelligence Committee released a report on the attack, blaming the State Department, intelligence agencies and Stevens himself for failing to communicate and pay attention to warnings of terrorist activity in the region. The chief of Africa Command at the time, Army Gen. Carter Ham, had offered Stevens military security teams, but the ambassador had turned him down.
The report also found that the Pentagon wasn't poised to respond quickly enough to the attack. Today, there is a special Marine task force stationed in Spain dedicated to respond to emergencies in west Africa. In east Africa, the Army has posted a quick-reaction force to respond to crises there.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1mPkAuQ
Some women are getting pregnant to avoid getting fat. According to a review published in a recent issue of the journal Contraception, concern about weight gain is among the most common reasons people quit the pill (or decide not to take it in the first place), and most women who discontinue the pill switch to something less effective or nothing at all. Some of those women end up with unintended pregnancies simply because they feared a few extra pounds.
The notion that birth control pills make you fat is just part of what the paper's lead author, physician David Grimes of the University of North Carolina, calls an elaborate mythology, one “fueled by rumor, gossip and poor-quality research.” As it turns out, there's never been convincing evidence that the pill in any of its forms provokes weight gain. Another recent review paper found little evidence of weight gain among users of progestin-only pills, and a similar study from 2008 likewise failed to find any connection between weight gain and pills that contain progestin and estrogen.
Some studies hint that the pill might even have the opposite effect. According to a 1997 study, users of birth control pills have a basal metabolic rate almost 5 percent higher than people who have never used the pill, and a small 2009 trial concluded that the pill reduced body fat in women who took it. A study published last year tracked nearly 500 women aged 15 to 19 over several years and found that while all the teens gained some weight, those who used birth control pills gained about a pound less than those who didn't. (Young women who used injectable hormonal contraceptives like Depo-Provera did pack on extra weight—they gained twice as much, on average, as everyone else.)
If the pill doesn't cause weight gain, how did it get its reputation? Chalk up some of it to folklore about hormones, which are regularly blamed—sometimes with just cause—for everything from moodiness to bloating and breast tenderness. It's not just sexist thugs who joke that female hormones make women bitchy and unappealing around their cycles; plenty of women make PMS jokes, too. The pill is often said to mimic pregnancy, and everyone knows that pregnant women experience huge changes to their bodies, including additional pounds.
Perhaps the most powerful factor in the spread of misinformation is the pill packets themselves. The labels of most oral contraceptives list “weight gain” among their common side effects. If the drug companies themselves are telling us that the pill makes us fat, why shouldn't we believe them? The warnings on the label are not always so trustworthy; in many cases, they're simply a function of the quirky way in which side effects are reported in clinical trials. Participants are asked to report any symptoms they notice during the study, and those that turn up most often may end up being listed even if there's no proof they were caused by the medication.
As a result, almost any trial will turn up an array of what doctors call “nonspecific” symptoms—vague complaints that do not signal a specific condition. “They're the aches and pains of daily life,” Grimes says, things like headaches and moodiness and, yes, weight gain. Weight gain is especially pervasive—the average adult gains about a pound per year—so even if people taking a medication do put on a few pounds, it's hard to pin the effect on a particular drug. Medications proven to cause weight gain, like antidepressants, antipsychotics, allergy medications, and steroids generally lead to much greater increases in body weight.
The only way to know whether a symptom already prevalent in everyday life is provoked or made worse by a drug is to do a controlled trial in which women are randomly assigned to take either contraceptive pills or a placebo. It's tricky to recruit women for the placebo arm of a birth-control trial, but researchers have managed to complete three such studies, involving a total of more than 1,200 women total. These were designed to test the pill's ability to reduce acne or menstrual pain, but the researchers also gathered data on rates of headache, nausea, breast tenderness, vomiting, and weight gain. They found no significant differences in any of these among women who took birth control pills and those who got a placebo. (The pill's most common side effects are, in fact, spotting and bleeding in between periods.
The perceived link between birth-control pills and weight gain actually goes back to America's very first contraceptive, a combination pill called Enovid. When Enovid was approved as a contraceptive in 1960, it came with a booklet noting that “weight gain or loss occurs occasionally. If you should gain weight and it is objectionable to you, control your diet and use less salt.” Indeed, many women thought that Enovid was making them gain weight but stayed on it anyway because they loved having spontaneity in their sex lives without the worry of pregnancy, says Andrea Tone, author of Devices and Desires: A History of Contraceptives in America.
It's not clear whether Enovid, which contained a far greater dose of hormones than today's pills, actually made women plump, but once the idea that it provoked weight gain took hold, it became a self-fulfilling prophecy. The power of suggestion is extraordinarily potent, and telling women that the pill might cause weight gain (or nausea or breast tenderness) can make those side effects appear. Scientists call this the nocebo effect. We know that expecting a sugar pill to improve your health can invoke a beneficial placebo response, but expectation works the other way, too. Ask people to remain alert for a symptom, and they're more likely to see it. In one study from 2007, about 100 Italian men with prostate problems were given a commonly-prescribed drug, and half were told that the drug might cause erectile dysfunction and loss of libido. The patients who had been warned about side effects ended up experiencing them at a much higher rate than the ones who never heard about them.
So here's the question: If telling a woman that she might gain weight could actually make her gain weight, why don't the doctors and pharmaceutical companies just keep their mouths shut? Grimes argues that to prevent nocebo responses, nonspecific symptoms like weight gain should be removed from all drug labels unless or until they've been definitively linked to the drug. That's unlikely to happen anytime soon, though. The FDA offers drug companies guidance on which potential side effects to list on a label, and manufacturers tend to go ahead and list any that have shown up in clinical trials regardless of whether they're caused by the drug in question. That way, they can tell any patients who decide to sue that they had been warned.
About half of pregnancies in the United States are unplanned. The pill is not right for every woman, and it has small but important risks, such as the potential for life-threatening blood clots. Even so, taking the pill is safer than being pregnant. Studies also show that women on the pill have significant reductions in the risk for endometrial and ovarian cancers (along with tiny, probably insignificant increases in the risk of cervical and liver cancers). And if you really want to stay trim, birth control pills are a good way to go. When taken as directed, the pill is about 99 percent effective in preventing pregnancy, which is perhaps the world's most reliable cause of weight gain. “About 25 to 30 pounds quite predictably,” says Grimes.
Pupils at Mirfield Free Grammar School are being forced to perform their obligatory prayers outdoors because it is believed the School is refusing them permission to use space inside the building. The dispute is now in its second year and parents are upset that their children once again have to brave the winter months praying either in the school car park or on the roadside or grass verge often in rain and snow and in secret.
With the shorter winter days the students are unable to go to any nearby mosques to pray their Zohar (midday) and Asar (mid-afternoon) and Friday prayers. In the past the school had allowed students to use the sports hall to double up as a prayer facility but this has been denied since last year.
Muslim pupils have pleaded with the school to allow them to continue to use the school facilities to pray after it was suddenly withdrawn in October 2014 without any explanation. A group of students went to the length of submitting a polite written request to the Principal asking her to reconsider the decision. Even though this was countersigned by more than 70 students it was refused. It is believed though, after nearly two years of courteous and respectful appeals, and despite attempts by a number of bodies and individuals, including the Kirklees Faith Forum led by Tony Robinson, the Bishop of Pontefract, representatives of mosques, a Councillor and Jo Cox MP for Batley and Spen to help resolve the dispute, the School has maintained its stance. The only concession that has been made is for sixth formers to use the House of Resurrection for Friday Jumma prayers. Students are however missing up to 30 minutes of lessons due to the distance and therefore reject this as an unsatisfactory resolution, added to the fact that this only applies to sixth formers.
Last year the students braved the cold winter months and were forced to pray outside in all conditions, including the rain and the snow and with this scenario repeating itself for a second year now that the winter months have set in, the students and parents have instructed solicitors to take on their plea as a last resort.
Mr Yunus Lunat, Solicitor Advocate from Ison Harrison of Leeds who is representing the pupils and parents said, “It is a sad and unfortunate situation that has been allowed to fester and perpetuate. The phrase “taking a sledgehammer to crack a nut” comes to mind.”
Parents are anxious that the pupils have to go through the same anguish and distress for a second year. To make matters worse many of the pupils have been disciplined by the Principal, with some on final warnings and facing expulsions.
Parents are also worried and concerned at the adverse effect all this is having upon on their education, with many of the pupils studying for GCSE and A Levels.
A parent of a pupil at the school stated: “We as parents are very worried and concerned that our children are having to pray outside and are fearful for their safety, especially with so much negativity about Muslims in the national media recently. It is also not helping our pupils to concentrate fully on their learning and for our child this is a very important year. ”
Another parent complained of his child returning home in soaking wet clothing from having to pray outside in the recent wet weather. The parent added “it cannot be easy for my son to go back into the classroom and concentrate when he is soaked to the skin and having to sit in wet and damp clothing.”
Asian Sunday contacted the school for comment, however they failed to respond. Campaigners have told Asian Sunday that Mrs Lorraine Barker, Executive Principle of the Mirfield Free Grammar School has already outlined a number of reasons for refusal including a lack of facilities and an inability to keep a check on whether students were praying or not. Campaigners add that Mrs Barker has also claimed that this change in policy was decided by the Governors. It has also been highlighted by campaigners that the school does not appear to have any Governors from the Muslim faith and therefore they feel the school isn't representative of the needs of the children who attend.
Mr Yakub Badat, Chair of the Snowdon Street Mosque who the students turned to for support and has been a vocal campaigner of similar causes expressed disappointment at the stance taken by the school. “We as a community want to work together in partnership with the school in providing the best possible learning experience for our children. All the other schools in the area proudly boast of the facilities that they provide for Muslim children. We would actually be willing to help the school by fundraising to enable the school to provide such facilities if cost is an issue.”
Source
On the afternoon of Oct. 1, grey clouds covered Boston, shrouding the tall downtown buildings normally visible from Fenway Park. Wearing a Blue Jays tuque and short-sleeved windbreaker as he sat in the visitors' dugout, R.A. Dickey stared into the light rain falling on the infield tarp. He and I had come to discuss his leaving.
That evening, and the following afternoon, the Blue Jays would beat the Red Sox, each time by one run, and eke their way into the playoffs. Dickey would be an engaged spectator, a role he had filled for the previous 10 days and would again through his team's nine playoff games.
His last start came in Anaheim on Sept. 16. He had allowed no runs over five innings. His last outing was in Seattle on Sept. 21, in a rare relief role. A two-base error, sacrifice bunt and sacrifice fly had ended it quickly.
By then, he knew he would not start again and probably would not pitch again, at least as a Blue Jay. After four seasons, 131 games,...
Agriculture has the highest fatal accident rate of all British industries, according to the latest annual figures from the Health and Safety Executive (HSE).
Out of 137 people killed or fatally injured in workplace accidents last year, 27 worked in agriculture, according to provisional statistics published on Wednesday (5 July).
Only the construction sector suffered more fatalities, with 30 people killed during the same year.
See also: Shock rise in farm deaths recorded in February
But because fewer people work in agriculture than in construction, farming has a higher fatality rate.
The fatal injury rate for agriculture is 18 times higher than the five-year average for all industries.
Farming has 8.61 fatalities per 100,000 workers compared with just 1.82 fatalities per 100,000 for construction.
While we are encouraged by this improvement on the previous year, we continue unwaveringly on our mission to prevent injury, death and ill health by protecting people and reducing risks Martin Temple, Health and Safety Executive
Across all industries, fatal injuries to workers have halved over the past 20 years.
The 137 workers fatally injured between April 2016 and March 2017 is equivalent to 0.43 fatalities per 100,000 workers – the second lowest on record.
Decline in fatalities
Farming fatalities reflect this decline – the number of agricultural workers killed during 2016-17 was two less than the five-year average.
But farming's fatality rate remains shockingly high.
HSE chairman Martin Temple said: “Every fatality is a tragic event that should not happen.
“While we are encouraged by this improvement on the previous year, we continue unwaveringly on our mission to prevent injury, death and ill health by protecting people and reducing risks.”
The fatal injury rate for self-employed workers across all sectors is more than double that for employees, accounting for more than one in four deaths.
Again agriculture fares badly, accounting for 44% of all fatal injuries to self-employed workers, compared with 29% for construction.
The new figures for 2016-17 also highlight the risks to older workers.
About one in four of all fatal injuries were to workers aged 60 or over – even though these workers only made up about 10% of the workforce.
Apr 25, 2013; Dallas, TX, USA; Columbus Blue Jackets goalie Sergei Bobrovsky (72) warms up before the game against the Dallas Stars at the American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Jerome Miron-USA TODAY Sports
The Blue Jackets Need To Step it Up
The Blue Jackets Need To Step it Up by Mark Huss
It was clear when goalie Sergei Bobrovsky re-signed with the Columbus Blue Jackets for two years and $11.25 million that a tremendous amount of pressure was going to be placed on the netminder.
With a two-year contract, the pressure is actually two-fold: He is playing to earn his new contract while also playing to try to earn his next contract, which is likely to be a long-term one.
He has the hopes and expectations of a franchise trying for its second-ever playoff appearance in 2013-2014.
Sounds like a lot of pressure for a soon-to-be 25-year-old to deal with.
This week, the Ice Hockey Federation of Russia turned the pressure meter on Bobrovsky all the way to 11.
Bobrovsky was named as one of five Russian goalies that will attend Olympic training camp August 23-24 in Sochi.
Look at that list in the link above. The other goalies invited were Konstantin Barulin, Semyon Varlamov, Vasily Koshechkin and Evgeni Nabokov.
One thing looks pretty clear from that list: Barring poor play or injury, Sergei Bobrovsky will be the starter.
Bobrovsky will start for Russia, on home ice, with a home nation expecting nothing less than a gold medal.
How is that for pressure?
For those who are too young to remember, there was a time when the Russians dominated Olympic hockey. When Russia was part of the Soviet Union (and as the Unified Team in 1992), the Soviets won Olympic gold in all but two Olympic games from 1956 through 1992.
The only two losses came in Squaw Valley in 1960 and Lake Placid in 1980, both to the United States.
So in 10 Olympic games from 1956-1992, the Soviets had 8 golds, 1 silver and 1 bronze medal.
Since becoming their own independent country, however, the story has been much different. The Russians have no gold medals since 1992. They have just two medals total – a silver in Nagano in 1998 and a bronze in Salt Lake City in 2002.
Now, Russia hosts the Olympics looking to try to recapture gold for the first time since the Unified Team did so in 1992.
A whole nation will be counting on the same thing we will count on here in central Ohio – the outstanding play of Sergei Bobrovsky.
I would argue Bobrovsky faces more pressure than any former or current Jacket has ever faced in a season.
Unlike some people who expect a drop-off from Bobrovsky this season (like Paul Grant at ESPN.com in this story), I think Bobrovsky will flourish under the pressure.
One of the things that makes Bobrovsky so special is his intense work ethic. He is not the type to fall apart when the going gets tough.
As far as bringing a gold medal to Russia, I'm not sure Bobrovsky alone can do that. If anyone can steal a medal for a team, it is a hot goalie.
I think the Russians don't have the team to defeat the likes of Canada and the United States, among others. If Bobrovsky gets hot, he will have a chance.
But even if he does not win gold, I think Bobrovsky will play well for his country.
I also think he will play well for the Blue Jackets, and will help steer the Jackets to the playoffs at season's end.
And if at season's end the Jackets end up in the playoffs and Bobrovsky has an Olympic medal hanging on his neck, it may go down as the most successful season a Columbus Blue Jacket has ever had.
If anyone can, it is Bob. I cannot wait to see him prove the doubters wrong in this pressure-packed season.
Spam heists in Hawaii prompt retailers to put the wildly popular 'mystery meat' in locked cases
Spam, the often-maligned classic canned lunch meat made by Hormel Foods, is seen on a grocery store shelf. Spam, the often-maligned classic canned lunch meat made by Hormel Foods, is seen on a grocery store shelf. Image 1 of / 22 Caption Close Spam heists in Hawaii prompt retailers to put the wildly popular 'mystery meat' in locked cases 1 / 22 Back to Gallery
Last month in the Pearl City community on Oahu, Safeway customer Arlene Sua watched as a man suddenly grabbed eight cases of Spam and head for the door. She thought "'OK, this isn't real. No, he's not going to take it, no, no," she told KHON TV.
But it was real. The man took off with the Spam and disappeared.
Elsewhere on the Island at about the same time, three women loaded up shopping carts at a Long's drugstore with 18 cases of - you guessed it - Spam. They made a rush for the exit. Fortunately, an alert customer, Kurt Fevella, saw the attempted heist in progress, stationed himself at the door on Spam patrol and stopped them in their tracks. They shoved the carts toward at him and took off, Fevella told KITV4.
A shop at a downtown mall wasn't so lucky. The Honolulu Police Department is now offering a $1000 reward for a man (and an apparent accomplice) who entered a store on Oct. 3, grabbed a case of Spam and punched a security guard who attempted to stop him.
Police reported that the thief "fled in an unknown direction."
These Spam snatchers are not hungry people desperate for Spam, said Tina Yamaki, president of the Retail Merchants of Hawaii. They are most likely part of a Spam black market that's taking off in a state where the demand for Spam knows no bounds.
"It's a staple," Yamaki told The Washington Post.
The thefts have proliferated to the point that some businesses are putting Spam in plastic cases under lock and key, she said, along with the more conventional and more expensive shoplifting targets such as electronics, Gillette Power Fusion razor refills and, as it happens, canned corned beef, also popular in Hawaii.
To buy a can of Spam, you have to ask a sales person to retrieve it.
Yamaki thinks Spam has become a form of currency, particularly for drug addicts in need of quick cash. With Spam selling for roughly $2.50 per 12 ounces can (depending on where in Hawaii you look), a thief who paid nothing for an 8-pack or a case of 12 can turn a decent profit underselling the retailers from whom they stole.
"It's organized retail crime," said Yamaki. "It's not like 'I'm going in to steal Spam to feed my family. I'm going in with a list of things I want to steal.'"
The thieves work in teams, one to distract onlookers, the others to "run out with Spam."
"We hear a lot of rumors where it's going," Yamaki said. "We've heard they work through middlemen. We've heard that they're selling it from the back of their cars. We've heard all kinds of rumors. Whether they're true or not, I'm not sure."
To some mainland Americans, this may all seem funny. But mainlanders often think of Spam either as junk email or a cheap "mystery meat" that comes in a can and has no taste, which is true if you just eat plain Spam from a can. After all, how flavorful is a mixture of pork with ham, salt, water, potato starch, sugar and sodium nitrite?
But in Hawaii, nobody eats it plain out of the can. They eat "Spam fried rice," or "Spam and eggs" or a Korean spam stew called budae jjigae and especially Spam Musubi, a sushi-like snack of cooked rice, Spam and often teriyaki sauce all wrapped in seaweed. (Try it in Hawaii, you'll like it, Anthony Bourdain once advised. "They love it," he said. "They'll make you love it.")
And they eat it in vast quantities and have since World War II, when conventional meat was scarce and the thousands of GIs based in Hawaii ate the Hormel product as lunch meat.
Now Hawaii residents consume more per capita than any other state, some five million pounds a year, "six cans for every man, woman and child," as National Geographic once noted with a dash of disapproval, commenting that "a 12-oz can is supposed to contain six servings, and each serving includes 25 percent of the U.S. recommended daily fat intake and 33 percent of a day's sodium."
But in Hawaii, they don't make fun of Spam. They celebrate Spam, literally, with an annual "Spam Jam" in Waikiki.
But thefts of Spam in bulk, by the case, appear to be a relatively recent phenomenon, Yamaki said. She attributes the thefts to a state law enacted last year that changed the definition of a felony from a theft worth at least $350 or to one worth at least $750.
So a thief could make off with about 300 cans before risking a felony charge. "They steal right under" that $750 cutoff, Yamaki said.
That's why the Oahu online publication, Honolulu Civil Beat, found cans of Spam locked up in a case at a Walgreens this week.
"Items electronically monitored for theft," said the sign.
by John W. Whitehead, The Rutherford Institute
“It astonishes me to find… [that so many] of our countrymen… should be contented to live under a system which leaves to their governors the power of taking from them the trial by jury in civil cases, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, freedom of commerce, the habeas corpus laws, and of yoking them with a standing army. This is a degeneracy in the principles of liberty… which I [would not have expected for at least] four centuries.”
–Thomas Jefferson, 1788
“Most citizens,” writes columnist Nat Hentoff, “are largely uneducated about their own constitutional rights and liberties.”
The following true incident is a case in point for Hentoff's claim. A young attorney, preparing to address a small gathering about the need to protect freedom, especially in the schools, wrote the text of the First Amendment on a blackboard. After carefully reading the text, a woman in the audience approached the attorney, pointed to the First Amendment on the board and remarked, “My, the law is really changing. Is this new?” The woman was a retired schoolteacher.
For more than 200 years, Americans have enjoyed the freedoms of speech, assembly, and religion, among others, without ever really studying the source of those liberties, found in the Bill of Rights–the first ten amendments to our U. S. Constitution.
Yet never has there been a time when knowing our rights has been more critical and safeguarding them more necessary. Particularly telling is the fact that even under the Obama presidency, most of the Bush administration policies and laws that curtailed our freedoms have remained intact–all of which have drastically altered the landscape of our liberties.
Thus, it is vital that we gain a better understanding of what Thomas Jefferson described as “fetters against doing evil.” If not, I fear that with each passing day, what Jefferson called the “degeneracy” of “the principles of liberty” will grow worse until, half asleep, Americans will lose what our forefathers fought and died for.
A short summary of the first ten amendments shows how vital these freedoms are.
The First Amendment protects the freedom to speak your mind and protest in peace without being bridled by the government. It also protects the freedom of the media, as well as the right to worship and pray without interference. In other words, Americans cannot be silenced by the government.
The Second Amendment guarantees “the right of the people to keep and bear arms.” This is one of the most controversial provisions of the Bill of Rights. Indeed, there are those who claim that gun ownership in America should be restricted solely to the police and other government officials.
In many countries, owning a firearm is a mere privilege, reserved for the rich and powerful. Self-protection, however, is not a privilege in America. It is an individual citizen right which the U.S. Supreme Court has now recognized.
America was born during a time of martial law. British troops stationed themselves in homes and entered property without regard to the rights of the owners. That is why the Third Amendment prohibits the military from entering any citizen's home without “the consent of the owner.” Even though today's military does not threaten private property, this amendment reinforces the principle that civilian-elected officials are superior to the military. But increasingly, even under the Obama presidency, the threat of martial law being imposed is a clear and present danger.
There's a knock at the door. The police charge in and begin searching your home. They invade your privacy, rummaging through your belongings. You may think you're powerless to stop them, but you're not. The Fourth Amendment prohibits the government from searching your home without a warrant approved by a judge. But what about other kinds of invasions? Your telephone, mail, computer and medical records are now subject to governmental search.
Even though they're all personal and private, they are increasingly at risk for unwarranted intrusion by government agents. The ominous rise of the surveillance state threatens the protections given us by this amendment.
You cannot be tried again after having been found innocent. The government cannot try you repeatedly for the same crime, hoping to get the result they want. It's one of the legal protections of the Fifth Amendment. Moreover, you cannot be forced to testify against yourself. You can “plead the Fifth.”
This means that if you are accused of committing a crime, it is up to the state to prove its case against you. You are innocent until proven guilty, and government authorities cannot deprive you of your life, your liberty or your property without following strict legal codes of conduct.
The Sixth Amendment spells out the right to a “speedy and public trial.” An accused person can confront the witnesses against him and demand to know the nature of the charge. The government cannot legally keep someone in jail for unspecified offenses.
Moreover, unlike many other countries, Americans also have the right to be tried by a jury of ordinary citizens and to be represented by an attorney. Our fates in criminal proceedings are not decided by panels of judges or unaccountable politicians.
Property ownership is a fundamental right of free people. In a legal dispute over property, the Seventh Amendment guarantees citizens the right to a jury trial.
Like any other American citizen, those accused of being criminals have rights under the Constitution as well. In some countries, the government abuses what they see as disloyal or troublesome citizens by keeping them in jail indefinitely on trumped-up charges. If they cannot pay their bail, then they're not released. The Eighth Amendment is, thus, similar to the Sixth–it protects the rights of the accused. These are often the people most susceptible to abuse and who have the least resources to defend themselves. This amendment also forbids the use of cruel and unusual punishment.
The framers of our Constitution were so concerned about civil liberties that they wished to do everything conceivable to protect our future freedom. Some of the framers opposed a bill of rights because it might appear that these were the only rights the people possessed. The Ninth Amendment remedied that by providing that other rights not listed were nonetheless retained by the people.
Our rights are inherently ours, and our government was created to protect them. The government does not, nor did it ever, have the power to grant us our rights. Popular sovereignty–the belief that the power to govern flows upward from the people rather than downward from the rulers–is clearly evident in this amendment and is a landmark of American freedom.
Ours is a federal system of government. This means that power is divided among local, state and national entities. The Tenth Amendment reminds the national government that the people and the states retain every authority that is not otherwise mentioned in the Constitution.
Congress and the President have increasingly assumed more power than the Constitution grants them. However, it's up to the people and the state governments to make sure that they obey the law of the land.
Having stood the test of time, there is little doubt that the Bill of Rights is the greatest statement for freedom ever drafted and put into effect. In the end, however, it is the vigilance of “we the people” that will keep the freedoms we hold so dear alive. Therefore, know your rights, exercise them freely or you're going to lose them.
Constitutional attorney and author John W. Whitehead is founder and president of The Rutherford Institute. His latest book The Change Manifesto (Sourcebooks) is now available.
AWS Lambda is an on-demand computation service that allows you to write code that responds to events, and can be executed at scale within the AWS ecosystem. It has some unique benefits that make working with it particularly desirable. It's cost-effective, scalable, and presents an alternative to spinning up heavy servers to do straightforward event-based work.
At Localytics, we process billions of data points in real-time. At the end of our processing pipeline we output our data to Kinesis streams and S3 buckets. This allows teams to process either live data via the stream or historical data via S3. The format of the data is identical. Lambda was an ideal fit for handling both data sources, as we could write the event handling logic as a single Lambda, and make our data-processing code source-agnostic.
Event sources
Lambda responds to events from a variety of sources. For our purposes we were focused on handling Kinesis stream events and S3 PUT events. See here if you'd like to learn more about the types of events that Lambda supports.
We were tasked with creating a new service that could process historical and live data. As we've made the format identical between S3 and Kinesis data sources, we were able to write a single lambda to handle both event sources. This reduced the surface area of our code that needed to be maintained and clarified the deployment process.
S3 PUT events
Our Lambda will receive an event when invoked from an S3 PUT notification. It looks like this:
{ "Records":[ { "eventVersion":"2.0", "eventSource":"aws:s3", "awsRegion":"us-east-1", "eventTime":"1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z", "eventName":"ObjectCreated:Put", "userIdentity":{ "principalId":"EXAMPLE" }, "requestParameters":{ "sourceIPAddress":"127.0.0.1" }, "responseElements":{ "x-amz-request-id":"EXAMPLE", "x-amz-id-2":"EXAMPLE" }, "s3":{ "s3SchemaVersion":"1.0", "configurationId":"testConfigRule", "bucket":{ "name":"sourcebucket", "ownerIdentity":{ "principalId":"EXAMPLE" }, "arn":"arn:aws:s3:::mybucket" }, "object":{ "key":"HappyFace.jpg", "size":1024, "eTag":"d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e" } } } ] }
It's important to note that we're only given metadata about the object (not the data itself). It's on us to get that object from S3. Also, we store our data gzipped, so we need to ungzip the data before we can do something with it.
Here's the functional code that handles this in our lambda (we'll show a complete example later on):
async.waterfall([ function download(next) { s3.getObject({ Bucket: record.s3.bucket.name, Key: record.s3.object.key }, function(err, data) { next(err, data); }); }, function gunzip(response, next) { var buffer = new Buffer(response.Body); zlib.gunzip(buffer, function(err, decoded) { next(err, decoded && decoded.toString()); }); }, function doSomething(data, next) { // `data` is raw data, ready for use. } ], function(e, r) { if (e) throw e; });
Kinesis events
Our Kinesis stream is always on and channeling data, so our lambda simply listens to the stream and acts upon it.
When Lambda responds to a Kinesis stream event, our event source looks like this:
{ "Records":[ { "kinesis":{ "partitionKey":"partitionKey-3", "kinesisSchemaVersion":"1.0", "data":"TG9jYWx5dGljcyBFbmdpbmVlcmluZyBpcyBoaXJpbmchIGh0dHA6Ly9iaXQubHkvMURqN2N1bA==", "sequenceNumber":"EXAMPLE" }, "eventSource":"aws:kinesis", "eventID":"shardId-000000000000:EXAMPLE", "invokeIdentityArn":"arn:aws:iam::EXAMPLE", "eventVersion":"1.0", "eventName":"aws:kinesis:record", "eventSourceARN":"arn:aws:kinesis:EXAMPLE", "awsRegion":"us-east-1" } ] }
Records[0].kinesis.data is what we want. The beauty of this event source is that it contains base64 encoded data. Very simple to decode and use in our lambda:
var data = new Buffer(Records[0].kinesis.data, 'base64').toString('utf8');
Creating a dual-purpose lambda
Let's walk through creating and deploying a single lambda that can handle both S3 PUT notifications and Kinesis stream events. The full codebase for this example can be found on GitHub.
Permissions
First off, there are two specific permissions that you'll need:
User permission for iam:PassRole . This policy needs to be applied to the user who is creating the lambda:
{ "Version": "2012-10-17", "Statement": [ { "Sid": "Stmt1429124462000", "Effect": "Allow", "Action": [ "iam:PassRole" ], "Resource": [ "arn:aws:iam::<account_id>:role/lambda_basic_execution" ] } ] }
Lambda execution role. You need to create a new role that the Lambda will run as. We assume that role is named lambda_basic_execution for the purposes of this project. That role must have (at least) this policy applied:
{ "Version": "2012-10-17", "Statement": [ { "Effect": "Allow", "Action": [ "logs:*" ], "Resource": "arn:aws:logs:*:*:*" } ] }
Your lambda execution role will also need permissions for whatever services you want to use within your function. If you intend to be working with S3, for example, you need to specifically grant your execution role permissions for whatever you intend to do with S3.
Source code walkthrough for a dual-purpose lambda
Let's create a file named MyLambda.js , and require some things:
var async = require('async'); var AWS = require('aws-sdk'); var fs = require('fs'); var zlib = require('zlib');
We'll be using async as mentioned previously to pull objects from S3 and unzip them with zlib.gunzip . aws-sdk is required for working with S3.
Let's initialize the SDK:
var s3 = new AWS.S3();
Since our code is running as a role within the Lambda system, we don't need to provide credentials. The SDK will happily make any requests you ask of it, and the role's permissions will dictate what we can and cannot do.
Let's write some code that will handle Kinesis events:
exports.kinesisHandler = function(records, context) { var data = records .map(function(record) { return new Buffer(record.kinesis.data, 'base64').toString('utf8'); }) .join(); doWork(data); context.done(); };
When we get a Kinesis stream event, we could have any number of records to process. Our code expects that, maps the base64-encoded value and joins them to provide a single base64-decoded string that we can work with.
Then we call doWork(data) . In the real world you might be doing asynchronous work on the data (and you may be interested in reading Better Asynchronous JavaScript).
context.done() is how we let Lambda know that we're finished doing work.
That's all we need to do to handle Kinesis event streams, so let's move on to S3 PUT events.
exports.s3Handler = function(record, context) { async.waterfall([ function download(next) { s3.getObject({ Bucket: record.s3.bucket.name, Key: record.s3.object.key }, function(err, data) { next(err, data); }); }, function gunzip(response, next) { var buffer = new Buffer(response.Body); zlib.gunzip(buffer, function(err, decoded) { next(err, decoded && decoded.toString()); }); }, function doSomething(data, next) { doWork(data); context.done(); } ], function(err) { if (err) throw err; }); };
This should look familiar from earlier in this post. When we get a S3 PUT event, we know that we'll only ever have a single record to work with. So we pass that record to our s3Handler , download the object, unzip the object, and finally doSomething with the data.
Now that we have our two specific handlers for each event type we intend to support, we need to handle the direct event source from Lambda:
exports.handler = function(event, context) { var record = event.Records[0]; if (record.kinesis) { exports.kinesisHandler(event.Records, context); } else if (record.s3) { exports.s3Handler(record, context); } };
Our actual handler is very simple. If the event looks like an S3 event, let the s3Handler do the work. Otherwise, if it looks like a Kinesis event, let kinesisHandler do the work.
This is all of the code that's necessary to write your first lambda that supports both S3 and Kinesis.
Deployment
Now that we have our code that we want to deploy to Lambda, it's time to actually upload it.
A few basic first steps:
Install the AWS CLI via pip install awscli
Configure your AWS credentials at ~/.aws/credentials :
[default] aws_access_key_id = ... aws_access_key_secret = ...
Ensure you've given your user permissions for iam:PassRole .
. Create the lambda_basic_execution role as directed above.
Once those are set, we need to package our module up:
npm init
npm install async aws-sdk --save
npm install
zip -r ./MyLambda.zip *
Now we can upload the module:
aws lambda create-function \ --region us-east-1 \ --function-name node-lambda-starter \ --zip-file fileb://MyLambda.zip \ --handler MyLambda.handler \ --runtime nodejs \ --role arn:aws:iam::<account_id>:role/lambda_basic_execution
If your upload was successful, you should receive a response like this:
{ "FunctionName": "node-lambda-starter", "CodeSize": 1158014, "MemorySize": 128, "FunctionArn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:<account_id>:function:node-lambda-starter", "Handler": "MyLambda.handler", "Role": "arn:aws:iam::<account_id>:role/lambda_basic_execution", "Timeout": 3, "LastModified": "2015-04-23T20:58:17.586+0000", "Runtime": "nodejs", "Description": "" }
You can see your uploaded lambda on your dashboard. From there you can also edit/invoke with sample data.
Add event sources
Now that your lambda has been created and uploaded, you can add event sources to it via the dashboard. As mentioned, both S3 PUT events and Kinesis streams will work properly with this lambda we've created.
Starter module
To make working with Lambda a bit easier, we wrote a starter Lambda module. We defined a handful of Make targets which can make managing a single lambda a bit easier:
make upload -- upload your function for the first time.
-- upload your function for the first time. make update -- upload new function code.
-- upload new function code. make get -- retrieve details of your existing function on Lambda.
-- retrieve details of your existing function on Lambda. make invoke -- invoke your function with sample data provided within the repo
-- invoke your function with sample data provided within the repo make delete -- remove this function from Lambda.
We hope you find it useful! Be sure to drop an issue on GitHub for any questions / bugs.
Conclusion
Lambda presents a new way of programming application logic around events instead of infrastructure. We think this has the potential to bring entirely new types of applications and workflows to market, and it fills a gap in AWS's cloud computing lineup that makes it easier and faster to do real-time work on data within the ecosystem.
Even aside from the affordability and durability of Lambda, being able to direct chunks of logic to process individual events from systems represents an opportunity for data-heavy organizations to drastically streamline their technical infrastructure.
