Think of the word villain and you may imagine criminals, pickpockets or fraudsters. But the association of the word with crime is relatively new. In fact the word originally referred to a particular class of people on the lower levels of feudal society.
The word derives from the Latin villanus, meaning ‘one attached to a villa or farmhouse'. Villanus moved into the English language in two forms: villain defined by the OED as ‘a low-born, base-minded rustic' (from c.1303), and villein ‘one of the class of serfs in the feudal system'. Over a few hundred years the word comes to signify illegal activities. This is a classic case of social and political forces shifting the meaning of a word. It is very common indeed for the rich and powerful to influence the language in this way, although it must not be forgotten that subcultures and subversives throughout history have also played an essential part in influencing language change, as any dictionary of slang will reveal.
The Holy Spirit made her do it.
The court scribe who went on a crazed rant about the Constitution, religion and Freemasons after Wednesday's vote to reopen the government said God spent the shutdown urging her to speak her mind.
“For the past 2 and ½ weeks, the Holy Spirit has been waking me up in the middle of the night and preparing me (through my reluctance and doubt) to deliver a message in the House Chamber,” stenographer Dianne Foster Reidy told Fox News' Chad Pergram in a statement.
“That is what I did last night.”
Reidy, 48, was hauled from the chamber and taken to the hospital by Capitol Police after delivering her bizarre diatribe from a microphone near the speaker's chair.
“He will not be mocked. He will not be mocked – don't touch me – he will not be mocked,” Reidy shouted as stunned lawmakers tried to calm her and pull her away from the podium.
“The greatest deception here is this is not one nation under God. It never was…the Constitution would not have been written by the Freemasons. They go against God,” Reidy said.
“You cannot serve two masters!'
Reidy, a married mom of two young daughters who makes $126,050 a year at her House steno gig, is a fan of several Christian-oriented groups, including the evangelical In Touch Ministries, LED by TV preacher Charles Stanley, according to her Facebook profile.
Reidy grew up on Long Island – where she registered to vote in 1991 as a member of the Liberal Party, records show.
Her husband – a video company owner and former director of the far-right Great Commission Ministries International – defended his wife's public outburst.
“My wife is a sweet, level-headed wonderful woman of God,” he told Pergram.
“I am proud of her.”
The latest PAW report from the PDSA Animal Wellbeing Charity shows anxiety amongst vets as they witness a surge in pet and dog obesity. Surprisingly, pet owners do not share the same feeling since nearly half the people surveyed are not aware it's a major issue. Click here to download the report (PDF format.)
Pet obesity levels continue to rise with 80% of veterinary professionals believing there will be more overweight pets than healthy weight pets in five years' time and 4 out of 5 veterinary professionals report having seen an increase in levels of pet obesity over the last 2 years. This report alerts pet lovers and dog breeders about the importance of an appropriate diet for a pet's lifestage, species and health, as well as teaching new owners how to prevent obesity-related diseases.
Depressingly, dozens of millions of dogs in the world have an outdoor exercise for only an hour a day or less, contributing to the number of obese dogs. Although obesity in dogs rarely kills directly, it is scientifically proven than obesity is one of the biggest contributing factors to the development of several deadly conditions such as diabetes, cancer, heart disease, as well as debilitating medical conditions including arthritis.
PDSA's research has shown that pet obesity is a growing problem and that too many people are continuing to feed their pets inappropriate foods including takeaways, cake, cheese and chips and sadly many pets aren't getting enough exercise. Pet obesity is entirely preventable and we're trying to help owners understand that while their pets may beg for food, and giving a treat is seen as a way of showing affection, ultimately it could be killing them with kindness. Nicola Martin, PDSA Head of Pet Health and Welfare
More overweight pets than healthy weight pets in five years' time.
Pets, like us humans, need a balanced diet appropriate to their species, lifestage and health. This year's PAW Report however, as with previous years, clearly indicates that too many people keep on feeding their dogs inappropriate foods, such as fatty treats and leftovers.
When considering how much to feed their pet, many owners seemingly still rely on “common sense” or past experience to make a decision. This is not how responsible dog breeders and owners should approach this problematic. Approximately 80% of veterinary practices offer weight clinics and dietary advice, and these should be the foundation of your dog's diet.
Visiting the vet once the damages are done and the dog's health is too advanced to be stopped isn't a good method, but a balanced diet shaped by your vet along with regular exercise will definitely increase your pet's wellbeing and probably yours, too.
The other concerning issues dealt with in this alerting report are behavioural problems, preventive care and pet ownership.
If you want FREE homemade healthy dog food recipes, click here to DOWNLOAD OUR FREE EBOOK filled with yummy recipes for your pooch!
One of the more frightening moments of the young season for the Minnesota Vikings was the injury suffered by cornerback Xavier Rhodes on Sunday afternoon against the San Diego Chargers. Rhodes got beaten by receiver Keenan Allen on a long pass near the end of the first half, and as he attempted to bring Allen down, he collided with teammate Andrew Sendejo. Rhodes was down on the turf for a while, but eventually got to the locker room under his own power before being ruled out for the afternoon with a concussion.
However, it appears that Rhodes could be back sooner rather than later. . .perhaps as early as Sunday afternoon's big matchup between the Vikings and the Denver Broncos.
According to Vikings' head coach Mike Zimmer, Rhodes has already passed the first stage of the NFL's concussion protocol.
"Actually, he's feeling great today," Zimmer said. "He's already passed one test [in the NFL's concussion protocol]. I think he should be ready." . . . "I'm always concerned about my players any time they get hurt," he said. "But Xavier's pretty tough. He's pretty tough. So I knew he'd be alright."
With an offense featuring big-play threats like Demaryius Thomas and Emmanuel Sanders, getting Rhodes back for this weekend's matchup at Mile High would be a big help for the Minnesota defense. With the issues that came up last week with Brandon Fusco's concussion, it's not surprising that the Vikings are being pretty open about Rhodes' status.
Zimmer also said that he's unsure about whether or not wide receiver Charles Johnson would play on Sunday following a rib injury on Sunday, but he expects that he will.
(Thanks to Matt Vensel of the Minneapolis Star-Tribune for the information that went into this story.)
Shares of activist target athenahealth Inc. (ATHN) soared on Friday, Oct. 20, after the healthcare technology firm on Thursday reported mixed third-quarter results and a 9% staff reduction as part of streamlining efforts in connection with its recently announced strategic review.
Athenahealth, a target of Elliott Management Corp., reported adjusted net income per share of $0.56, compared with $0.60 in the year-ago period, and revenue of $304.6 million, up 10% year-over-year from $276.7 million.
Analysts had expected, on average, earnings per share of $0.50 on revenue of $310.5 million, according to FactSet Research Systems Inc.
Shares of athenahealth closed at $126.04 on Friday, up 8.3%.
Watertown, Mass.-based athenahealth is a provider of medical record, revenue cycle, patient engagement, care coordination and population health services.
The company in August announced a strategic review of its operational and financial strategy, leadership and governance, saying it had identified about $100 million in cost-savings opportunities.
On Thursday, the company said it has increased its cost-savings goal. It said the board has greenlighted a plan to generate $100 million to $115 million gross savings, substantially all of which the firm expects to achieve by the end of 2018.
As part of the reorganization, athenahealth plans to close its San Francisco and Princeton, N.J., offices.
Athenahealth said it plans to reinvest part of the savings to "drive innovation and fund our highest priority initiatives."
The company said it "continues to face weaker utilization trends and a more challenging demand environment." In addition, it expects a negative impact of about $4 million on its 2017 revenue from hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
Athenahealth revised its full-year GAAP revenue guidance to a range of $1.2 billion to $1.22 billion, compared with the previously issued outlook of $1.21 billion to $1.25 billion. It now expects adjusted operating income of $135 million to $150 million, compared with the previous range of $120 million to $140 million. As for annual bookings, it now expects $300 million to $350 million, compared with previous guidance of $350 million to $400 million.
In May, Elliott Management's Paul Singer launched a campaign at company, urging it to consider "strategic opportunities."
In a 13D filing on May 18, Elliott said it believed that athenahealth operates in a "highly strategic area at the intersection of technology and health care with a disruptive value proposition, a leading competitive position and a compelling product set, the value of which is not reflected in [athenahealth's] current market value."
Christopher "Chris" Bellard[1][2] (born June 17, 1979) also known by his stage name, Young Maylay, is an American rapper, record producer and actor from Los Angeles, California. He is best known for providing the voice of Carl "CJ" Johnson in the 2004 video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.
Early life [ edit ]
Christopher Bellard was born and raised in Los Angeles amidst the gang violence and the peak of gangsta rap in a crime riddled area in poverty which inspired his rapping career. Bellard is the cousin of actor/voice actor Shawn Fonteno, who voiced Franklin Clinton, one of the protagonists of Grand Theft Auto V.[3]
Music career [ edit ]
Early days: 2000–05 [ edit ]
His rapping career eventually took off in 2000. With help from King T, Maylay made his first appearance in Killa Tay's Thug Thisle, with the song #1 Hottest Coast (Killa Cali) in 2000. Later he appeared in Rodney O & Joe Cooley's Summer Heat in 2002. Since then, he has been featured on many releases across the West Coast. Maylay wrote the majority of King T's album Ruthless Chronicles.[4] He founded his independent label in 2005 with the money from GTA San Andreas and released his debut album in the same year.
In 2006, Maylay was featured in Deeyah's single "What Will It Be" with a music video. In the same year, he appeared in DJ Crazy Toones' CT Experience, it was the first collaboration of the trio DJ Crazy Toones, WC and Young Maylay. In 2007 the trio began working in Maylay's album The Real Coast Guard. The album was released in 2008 and later that year, WC signed Young Maylay to Bigg Swang/Lench Mob.
Lench Mob days: 2008–present [ edit ]
Lench Mob Records were set in 2006 to put out Ice Cube's and WC's records, but later other artists were signed, like Young Maylay, who is considered a veteran by Ice Cube.[5] DJ Crazy Toones created two blogs for Maylay, the first is called Who's Young Maylay? Mix Blog[6] and the second is called Young Maylay, WC & Bad Lucc Mix Blog.[7] Young Maylay is working on three albums, by himself, WC and Crazy Toones. Young Maylay is featured on two tracks by Ice Cube called Y'all Know Who I Am and Too West Coast on the album I Am the West. In 2010 Young Maylay was featured on two tracks on the album DJ Premier Presents Year Round Records - Get Used To Us. The track 'Temptation' is a solo performance while the track 'Ain't Nuttin' Changed (remix)' is a collaborative effort with Blaq Poet and MC Eiht.
In an interview, when asked about a new album, Maylay said:
“ Yeah, I'm working on an album. But I will not tell the title again! (laughs) And we gonna know when we're gonna drop it. But I got something that I wanna put out. I was gonna call it "Brushfires and Earthquakes", cause that's California all day. On the brushfire side I come with just straight heat spittin' . And then on the earthquake side I'm coming for that like to get out there in traffic and show you they got some sounds. But that's gonna be more or less like a mixtape. The album is in the works. I'm not trying to just take songs that I didn't use off my mixtape and put it on a CD and call it my album. I can't really put no timeline on it, we're working everyday. So it ain't the fact about getting songs done or nothing like that, timing is everything man.[8] ”
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas [ edit ]
Maylay was working in New York when he received a phone call from DJ Pooh, who was in a meeting with staff from Rockstar Games. They started a regular conversation about music which, unknown to Maylay, occurred on speaker phone. Rockstar staff heard the conversation, and after conversation between the two ended, they encouraged Pooh to bring Maylay in to audition. A few weeks after the audition, Rockstar reviewed the tapes and decided on Maylay for the role of the main character of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, Carl "CJ" Johnson.[9]
In the game, Maylay starred alongside celebrities such as actors Samuel L. Jackson, James Woods, Peter Fonda, Clifton Powell, Faizon Love, Big Boy, David Cross, Andy Dick, Chris Penn, Danny Dyer, Frank Vincent, Sara Tanaka, Charlie Murphy and William Fichtner, rappers Ice-T, MC Eiht, Chuck D, The Game, Kid Frost and Yo-Yo and musicians George Clinton, Axl Rose and Shaun Ryder.
OBG Rider Clicc [ edit ]
OBG Rider Clicc is Young Maylay's rap trio (with Young Dre The Truth and Killa Polk) the group first appeared in Young Dre album called Revolution In Progress The Movement with the single Let's Get The Game Bacc Right. and later appeared with Compton Cavie, Dresta and BG Knocc Out with the song Wes Indeed in the Cali Luv mixtape.
Maylaynium Muziq [ edit ]
Malaynium Muziq is Young Maylay's own independent record label based in Studio City, California. His mixtapes were released on this label.
Discography [ edit ]
Mixtapes [ edit ]
San Andreas: The Original Mixtape (2005)
(2005) The Real Coast Guard (2008)
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2004 The Introduction Carl "CJ" Johnson
(voice) DVD released as the introduction to the Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas synopsis.
Video games [ edit ]
Year Title Voice Role Notes 2004 Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Carl "CJ" Johnson
Television [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2014 The Brodies Mario 2018 Dogstar: High School 2
With the market for retro cell phones booming, here's a selection of desirable designs, from a 10kg monster to a clamshell classic
When it debuted in 1989, the MicroTAC was hailed as a “game-changer”, one that Motorola argued would bring mobile phones out of the hands of top execs and into the hands of senior mid-level execs. Competively priced at $2,995, the size of a Dutch brick rather than the preceding concrete breezeblock, it had an amazing half-hour's talk time with only 10 hours of charging.
The price has dropped a bit, but at £100 on eBay, the likes of the MicroTAC still hold value for collectors. New research by Talkmobile highlights how the market for vintage phones has become increasingly lively as collectors aim to snap up a brick of tech history.
Before they start cropping up on Antiques Roadshow, here are 10 landmark phones and what they're changing hands for online this year:
1. Motorola DynaTAC 8000x
The elder brother to the MicroTAC, and Gordon Gekko's handset of choice, the DynaTAC, released in 1984, pretty much invented all those 80s cliches.
Street value: £1,000
2. Nokia 3310
The Volkswagen Beetle of phones. You've definitely got two of these and thrown three away. Released in 2000, it went on to sell 126m units, and is so popular it is now one of three “national emojis” for Finland.
Street value: £10-£55
3. Nokia Mobira Senator
Released in 1981, the Senator is hailed as one of the first truly mobile phones – if by mobile you mean “can be plugged into your car and weighs 10kg”.
Street value: £1,300
4. Apple iPhone 2G
It may have only had a now-piddly 4G or 8G of memory but, because of increased processing, 2007's original iPhone still stacks up with today's phones when it comes to battery life while browsing.
Street value: £150-£1,000
5. Motorola StarTAC
The first clamshell phone, and the first to sell more than 60m units. Weighing in at only 88g, this 1996 unit heralded the birth of the mass-consumer phone.
Street value: £30-£100
6. Motorola Razr V3
In 2004, Motorola released the definitive handset of the clamshell era – the thinnest of its genus, it also boasted a sporty “electroluminescent” keyboard.
Street value: £15-£60. But the Dolce & Gabanna tie-in model will set you back £150.
7. Sony Ericsson W880i
Featuring breakthroughs of “video editing, picture blogging, web gallery uploading”, Sony Ericsson's sturdy W880i defined 2006's proto-smartphone era – when music and photos suddenly became the chief selling points of everyone's next handset.
Street value: £30-£50
8. Nokia N95
The same year that Apple was debuting the iPhone, Nokia's N95 was giving it a run for its money. An early adopter of the accelerometer, it was utterly eclipsed by Apple's entry, but has since been widely heralded as a lost classic.
Street value: £60-£90
9. HTC One
An early Android hit in 2012, the innovative tech in HTC's breakthrough paved the way for them to be the handset manufacturers to Google's 2016 Pixel.
Street value: £40-£50
10. Nokia 9000 Communicator
The original “fold-out keyboard” unit attempted an obvious solution to a common problem, pre-predictive text. First seen on-screen in The Saint reboot in 1997, it is also referenced in Brett Easton Ellis's brand-mad Glamorama.
Street value: £20-£50
A team of surgeons from Stellenbosch University (SU) has done it again by successfully performing another penis transplant – the third such procedure in the world.
The world's first successful penile transplant was performed by Prof André van der Merwe and his team at Tygerberg Hospital in Cape Town on December 2014.
The second was done in 2016 at the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston in the United States of America.
Van der Merwe, head of the division of urology at that university, led the marathon operation of nine and a half hours at Tygerberg Hospital in Cape Town on April 21 . The recipient was a 40-year-old male who had lost his penis 17 years ago due to complications after a traditional circumcision. His identity is being protected for ethical reasons.
“He is certainly one of the happiest patients we have seen in our ward. He is doing remarkably well. There are no signs of rejection and all the reconnected structures seem to be healing well,” says Van der Merwe.
The patient is expected to regain all urinary and reproductive functions of the organ within six months of the transplant. A colour discrepancy between the recipient and the donor organ will be corrected with medical tattooing between six to eight months after the operation.
“The success of this procedure in the hands of our transplant team is testimony to the high level of skill and expertise that exists in the public health sector in South Africa,” says Prof Jimmy Volmink, Dean of the FMHS. “Also of considerable pride is the team's ability to balance compassionate and ethical patient care on the one hand, with a concern for the efficient use of scarce resources on the other.”
“This is a remarkable, ground-breaking procedure. I would like to congratulate the Tygerberg Hospital and the SU surgeons for doing such a sterling job. Traditional circumcision has claimed many young lives in South Africa. For this patient, life will never be the same again,” said Dr Nomafrench Mbombo, Western Cape Health Minister.
“Patients describe a penis transplant as ‘receiving a new life'. For these men the penis defines manhood and the loss of this organ causes tremendous emotional and psychological distress,” says Dr Amir Zarrabi from the division of urology, who was a member of the transplant team.
“I usually see cases of partial or total amputations in July and December – the period when traditional circumcisions are performed.”
“We are thrilled on behalf of the patient and the change it will make in his life,” says Dr Alexander Zühlke, who heads the division of plastic and reconstructive surgery. “It is also a great achievement to be part of the team that has performed two successful penis transplants.”
The team consisted of Van der Merwe, Zühlke, Prof Rafique Moosa, head of the department of Medicine, Zarrabi and Dr Zamira Keyser of Tygerberg Hospital. They were assisted by transplant coordinators, anaesthetists, theatre nurses, a psychologist, an ethicist and other support staff.
Two-and-half years ago, Van der Merwe and his team performed the world's first successful penis transplant and more than two years later “the patient is doing extremely well, both physically and mentally”, says Van der Merwe. “He is living a normal life. His urinary and sexual functions have returned to normal, and he has virtually forgotten that he had a transplant.”
Penile mutilation is more common in South Africa than elsewhere in the world due to complications of circumcisions performed as part of a traditional rite of passage on young men in certain cultures. There is no formal record of the yearly number of penile amputations due to traditional circumcisions, but one study reported up to 55 cases in the Eastern Cape alone. Experts estimate that as many as 250 partial and total amputations take place country-wide every year, with suicides also being reported.
“At Stellenbosch University and Tygerberg Hospital we are committed to finding cost-effective solutions to help these men,” says Van der Merwe.
The procedure was part of a proof of concept study to develop a cost-effective penile transplant procedure that could be performed in a typical theatre setting in a South African public sector hospital. By applying lessons learnt from the first transplant, Van der Merwe and his team were able to significantly cut the costs of the second procedure.
The biggest challenge to this study is organ donation. “I think the lack of penis transplants across the world since we performed the first one in 2014, is mostly due to a lack of donors. It might be easier to donate organs that you cannot see, like a kidney, than something like a hand or a penis,” says Van der Merwe.
“We are extremely grateful to the donor's family who so generously donated not only the penis, but also the kidneys, skin and corneas of their beloved son. Through this donation they are changing the lives of many patients.”
RICHMOND, Va. -- Robert Griffin III put on his knee brace and passed the Washington Redskins' perfunctory conditioning test on the eve of training camp, then declared he has "nothing left to prove" -- at least physically -- in his return from major knee surgery.
That doesn't mean he's all the way back.
Griffin said Wednesday he won't participate during 11-on-11 drills in the early days of camp and likely won't play in any preseason games. The quarterback who likes to keep the throttle wide open is going to have to exercise a bit more patience as he and coach Mike Shanahan, who have shared blame for how Griffin got hurt, try to work together to get him on the field for the regular season opener Sept. 9.
"They want to make sure we're not doing anything too soon that we don't have to do," Griffin said. "Let some of these other guys get ready for the preseason. If it comes around that I'm ready to go, then maybe in the third preseason game. But as far as my understanding goes, preseason's really not even in the air. ... I think Coach feels like I can play without any preseason, so there's no need really for that. Patience is the key."
CLOSE Over the last decade, the Imperial Irrigation District has increasingly relied on the consulting firm ZGlobal. Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun
Buy Photo Solar panels generate electricity at the 107-megawatt Midway solar farm in Calipatria, California. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)Buy Photo
The Imperial Irrigation District is backing out of a $75-million contract for a new solar farm, following a Desert Sun investigation that raised questions about potential conflicts of interest involving an influential consultant for the publicly owned electric utility.
The utility's board of directors approved the contract in July, agreeing to spend $50 million over 20 years to buy the electricity the solar farm would generate. The board also agreed to make an additional $25 million in up-front payments to the developer, Regenerate Power, over the first few years of the power purchase agreement — a highly unusual contract structure that solar industry experts said they'd never seen before.
The Desert Sun reported last month that the developer has ties to Ziad Alaywan, as does the owner of the land where the solar project would be built. Alaywan is the founder and president of ZGlobal Inc., an energy and engineering firm that has gotten $18 million worth of consulting contracts from the Imperial Irrigation District since 2005, and has run a critical unit within IID's Energy Department for the last two years. ZGlobal has also worked for Regenerate and other solar companies doing business in Imperial County, at times doing work for IID that has directly affected its private-sector clients.
Buy Photo ZGlobal founder Ziad Alaywan, left, attends an event to celebrate the opening of IID's battery storage system in El Centro, California, on Oct. 26, 2016. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
Asked last month about Alaywan's ties to the developer and the landowner, IID government affairs officer Antonio Ortega said the utility would take "additional steps to ensure the power purchase agreement...conforms to all state laws and regulations."
That was three weeks ago. On Tuesday, IID said in a statement that it was canceling the contract because the developer was behind schedule and wanted to negotiate a higher sale price. Ortega said the decision was "based on the new set of facts communicated to it by Regenerate Power" and had nothing to do with The Desert Sun's reporting.
RELATED: Why do millions of public dollars keep flowing to ZGlobal?
The developer, though, blamed the newspaper for some of its troubles.
In a letter to IID — a copy of which was provided by the utility — Regenerate CEO Reyad Fezzani said the costs of building the solar project have gone up since the contract was signed, and he can no longer offer the low price he had agreed to in July. He mostly blamed the Trump administration's pending decision over whether to impose tariffs on imported solar panels, which he said has already caused panel costs to rise.
Fezzani also claimed that the costs of financing his solar project had increased because of "the recent unsubstantiated negative press coverage in the Desert Sun Newspaper."
The Regenerate CEO didn't respond to an email asking what was "unsubstantiated" about the recent coverage, or how that coverage had raised his financing costs.
Buy Photo The 50-megawatt Seville solar farm at Allegretti Ranch, in western Imperial County off Highway 78, seen from a drone. (Photo: Jay Calderon and Richard Lui/The Desert Sun)
Colin Smith, a solar analyst at the clean-tech consulting firm GTM Research, called Fezzani's claim that press coverage had raised his financing costs "far-fetched."
"I don't think I'd quite believe that," Smith said. "Generally speaking, that doesn't seem to make a lot of sense to me. If they've secured financing, they've secured financing."
The looming threat of tariffs from the Trump administration is real, Smith said, and has caused solar-panel prices to rise as companies rush to stockpile panels now, ahead of any tariffs. But Smith was surprised by Regenerate's claim that its seller had raised panel prices from 30 cents per watt to more than 50 cents per watt in the last month.
"I've heard of a premium of up to 10 percent, but I haven't heard of anything that drastic. That would be a 60 percent hike in module prices," he said.
Buy Photo Solar panels generate electricity at the 50-megawatt Seville solar farm at Allegretti Ranch, in western Imperial County off Highway 78. Two of IID board member Jim Hanks' adult sons were hired by a subcontractor to do pre-construction work on this solar project, which was developed by a ZGlobal client on land owned by ZGlobal founder and president Ziad Alaywan. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
Regenerate's proposed project first raised conflict-of-interest concerns earlier this year.
IID staff started negotiations with Regenerate last year for a 60-megawatt solar farm at Allegretti Ranch in western Imperial County, near the San Diego County line, where the 50-megawatt Seville solar farm had already been built. But in March 2017, IID's general counsel told the board of directors there was a problem: Alaywan, ZGlobal's founder and president, owned the portion of the ranch where Regenerate project would be built.
Alaywan had also advised IID staff on the terms of the proposed contract with Regenerate. That was a problem, IID general counsel Frank Oswalt wrote in a public memo at the time, because "a conflict is created when a consultant is asked to consult on a contract in which it has an interest." California's conflict-of-interest law, Government Code Section 1090, says private contractors working for public agencies "shall not be financially interested in any contract made by them in their official capacity."
READ THE SERIES: Imperial Power Players, a yearlong Desert Sun investigation
Oswalt also outlined a solution: Alaywan had agreed to sell the land. A few months later — after Alaywan said the sale was complete, and after IID solicited competitive bids for a new solar farm as an additional precaution — the utility's board of directors approved a contract with Regenerate, which IID said had submitted the lowest bid.
A month later, the board approved a $5-million up-front payment to the developer, the first of five such payments IID had agreed to make in the first few years of the contract.
But even as the board approved that payment, public documents still linked Alaywan to the land. The company that owns the land, Solana Energy Farms I, LLC, lists Melissa Vaa — an employee of Alaywan's at ZGlobal — as its registered agent in state business filings. State records also show that Solana is managed or owned by Jeremy Vaa — Melissa's brother and the CEO of Green Light Energy Corp., a solar developer that has worked extensively with ZGlobal on projects that have hooked up to IID's power grid.
Public documents also link Alaywan to Titan Solar 1, LLC, the Regenerate subsidiary that signed a contract with IID for the 60-megawatt solar farm. Titan Solar lists ZGlobal employee Melissa Vaa as its registered agent in its most recent state business filing.
Buy Photo A waterfall flows inside ZGlobal's office in El Centro, California, on June 29, 2017. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
The Desert Sun asked IID about those connections on August 22. The next day, IID's Ortega said the utility would take "additional steps" to make sure the contract "conforms to all state laws." That same day, Regenerate's Fezzani emailed IID general manager Kevin Kelley to ask for a contract renegotiation, according to Fezzani's recent letter.
The utility denied that request, Fezzani wrote. On Tuesday, IID's board of directors voted in closed session to enter negotiations with Regenerate to rescind the contract. The vote was 4-0, with director Norma Sierra Galindo absent, Ortega said in an email.
"In reviewing the obstacles facing Regenerate and its ability to fully develop the Titan Solar 1 project, the district, in good faith, can no longer move forward with the proposed project and has little choice but to terminate the power purchase agreement," Kelley said in a statement.
IID hasn't made any payments to Regenerate yet, Ortega said.
HELP US INVESTIGATE: Do you have information that could lead to further reporting? Please contact the reporter at (760) 219-9679, or by email at sammy.roth@desertsun.com.
The Imperial Irrigation District, which is is owned by its ratepayers, provides electricity in Imperial County and parts of Riverside and San Diego counties. Its elected board members are charged with keeping spending and electricity rates as low as possible.
Alaywan didn't respond to an email seeking comment. Neither did ZGlobal employee Melissa Vaa nor her brother, Green Light Energy Corp. CEO Jeremy Vaa.
READ THE SERIES: Imperial Power Players, a yearlong Desert Sun investigation
Buy Photo Imperial Irrigation District general manager Kevin Kelley attends an event celebrating the opening of IID's 30-megawatt battery storage system in El Centro, California, on Oct. 26, 2016. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
The Regenerate solar farm was supposed to provide electricity for IID's planned eGreen community solar program, in which the utility would sell solar electricity to low-income customers for a low price. About half the power capacity at Regenerate's 60-megawatt solar farm would have been used for community solar, IID officials have said.
"Our goal to provide all of our customers with an opportunity to support and benefit from clean, renewable, locally produced energy is unchanged," Kelley said in his statement Tuesday. "We will continue to develop the eGreen program and will bring back new options to the board in the near future."
Regenerate isn't the only Imperial County solar developer with ties to ZGlobal. As The Desert Sun reported last month, the Folsom-based consultant has worked on at least two solar projects under development in Imperial County in recent months — even though ZGlobal assured IID earlier this year it would stop working for private-sector solar developers within the utility's boundaries, in order to avoid perceived conflicts of interest.
Imperial County records show ZGlobal has worked on the 60-megawatt Seville 4 solar farm — which is also being developed by Regenerate Power at Allegretti Ranch — as well as Vega SES, a 100-megawatt solar-plus-battery-storage project. The developers of both solar farms plan to connect their projects to IID's power grid in order to sell electricity and turn a profit, Imperial County permitting documents show.
Sammy Roth writes about energy and the environment for The Desert Sun. He can be reached at sammy.roth@desertsun.com, (760) 778-4622 and @Sammy_Roth.
Read or Share this story: http://desert.sn/2wYhrXS
IDEAS Arnold Schwarzenegger was the 38th Governor of California and is the Chairman of the USC Schwarzenegger Institute & the R20.
My background in sports gives me a unique perspective. When I heard the news last week that Governor Jerry Brown, who followed me into the governor's office, had accelerated California's goal to reduce greenhouse gases, the weightlifter in me was overjoyed.
In the gym, if your goal is to bench press 500 pounds, you set the goal, and then you push toward it. You recognize you will fail along the way, but you keep adding weight to the bar until you reach your goal. At the beginning, the 500 pounds seems impossible, but as you reach milestones—250, 300, 400 pounds—you change your own definition of what is possible. Each benchmark brings you closer to your goal.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
In California, I was proud that we set an historic goal to reduce our greenhouse gases by 25% by 2020 and, ultimately, 80% by 2050. I am proud that we are on track to beat our 2020 goal. And I am proud that Governor Brown has added another ambitious milestone—40% by 2030. It brings us closer to our 2050 goal.
Our goal-setting and our progress offer three important lessons for the rest of the country.
When I praise Governor Brown, some people look at me like I've lost my mind. I'm a Republican, and he is a Democrat. In our current political climate, we are supposed to be mortal enemies. This is where California can offer the rest of the country our first lesson. Here in California, the environment has never been a political issue, and it shouldn't be. In the United States, 200,000 people die every year from air pollution-related illnesses. They aren't dying from breathing Republican air or Democratic air. We all breathe the same air.
No matter what party has occupied the governor's office in California, we have continued our relentless march to clean up our air. Since Governor Ronald Reagan established the California Environmental Protection Agency, we have stayed on the cutting edge of environmental protection. From the catalytic converter to our tailpipe emission reductions, our regulations have become the nation's policies. While Washington has been frozen by ideology, we in California have served the people instead of our parties.
Our second lesson is in our commitment to our goals. Oftentimes, in politics, people look for bandaids instead of cures. It's human nature. Instead of addressing big issues that affect people 10 or 25 or 50 years from now, we prefer to address the things that are affecting people right now.
This is why, during the oil crisis of the late 1970s, as oil prices hit $40 per barrel, the United States enacted policies that made us a global leader in renewable energy. But as soon as the price went back down to $15 per barrel, the United States scrapped those policies and let other countries take the lead in solar, wind, geothermal, and other greener alternatives.
In California, we haven't wavered. Our consistency extends across every crisis, and it extends across administrations. When I acted to protect our environment, I was continuing the policies of Governor Reagan, Governor Gray Davis, and all the governors who came before me. I was standing on the shoulders of giants.
That consistency has provided California's third lesson for the rest of the country. When we drafted these laws, some experts said that our economy was going to go straight down the drain. The opposite has happened. Because businesses know what to expect, because they know that our policies won't change with the next governor, they feel secure here.
Everyone knows that our green economy is going through the roof. We attract more than half of all the green tech venture capital in the United States. Our green tech companies have raised five times as much capital as the second place state. But it isn't just our green sector. Our economy as a whole is thriving. In fact, we lead the nation in manufacturing, high tech, biotech, agriculture, entertainment, and tourism.
And as we've implemented our environmental standards, California's economy has outpaced national growth. Last year, the United States GDP grew by 2.4%. Meanwhile, our economy in California grew by 3%. This year, California is expected to add 364,000 new payroll positions, good for 2.4% job growth. That beats the nation's expected 1.8% pace.
We know in California that you don't have to choose between the environment and the economy. In fact, the opposite is true, and we have proven it by being relentlessly committed to our goals.
When there are big announcements like Governor Brown's decision to accelerate our goals for emission reductions, people always ask me if I miss being governor of the great state of California, if I wish I could sit there in the capitol to protect my legacy on green issues.
It isn't my legacy—it's California's legacy. California has led the nation in environmental protection for decades. During my seven years as governor, I was happy to continue that tradition, and now, I am happy to watch Governor Brown take up the charge. And I hope I'm still around to see a governor finally lift that 500 pounds.
Read next: Starbucks' Bottled Water Comes From Thirsty California
The Most Beautiful Wildfire Photos You'll Ever See Stuart Palley Stuart Palley Stuart Palley Stuart Palley Stuart Palley Stuart Palley Stuart Palley Stuart Palley Stuart Palley 1 of 10 Advertisement
Listen to the most important stories of the day.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Imagine if there was a company which received millions of dollars in government grants each year, paid no tax as it held charitable status, owned recruitment agencies and also owned a law firm which fought against penalty rates for young workers and workplace leave for victims of domestic violence.
There is such a company. It is called the NSW Business Chamber Limited. Its financial statements show the NSW Business Chamber recorded revenue of $190 million dollars last year of which $5.8 million came in government grants.
It is difficult to tell without more intimate knowledge but their accounts suggest the folk at the Chamber may be living high on the hog.
“Direct salary and other costs of providing services” was $101 million last year (up sharply from $78 million in the prior year), there was a further $68 million in “employee benefits expense” while the bill for cars was $2.8 million. The travel and entertainment chit was $2.5 million.
Chief executive Stephen Cartwright said yesterday the money was well spent. The Chamber had a strong focus on assisting SMEs (small to medium-sized enterprises) and conducting not-for-profit work such as training and apprentice schemes and advocacy. It was a “union” of sorts, he said, and like other unions it was a not-for-profit organisation.
Asked whether it was appropriate for the Chamber to be claiming tax subsidies and government grants in view of the fact that it owned a law firm and recruitment agencies run to make a profit (and which, by virtue of their Chamber parentage, immunised them from tax), Cartwright said these businesses helped to finance programs such as the Chamber's boot camp for unemployed youth in Western Sydney.
According to its financial statements, the “core mission” of the Chamber is to “create a better Australia by maximising the outcome and potential of Australian businesses”.
There is a broader public interest issue at play here. While
other unions representing workers are struggling financially, the Chamber is sitting on a plush investment portfolio of $184 million in shares, bonds and trusts, besides its $13 million in cash.
The Chamber also owns the law firm, Australian Business Lawyers & Advisors Limited (ABL) and although ABL does not file financial accounts as these are consolidated in the the parent company accounts, it does appear to have a robust workload.
This week, ABL's chief executive Nigel Ward and director of workplace relations, Luis Izzo, won a case in the Fair Work Commission which reduces penalty rates for workers in the hospitality industry.
These were big proceedings which ran for 39 days, feautured 130 lay witnesses, a dozen expert witnesses and nearly 6,000 public submissions.
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission (‘ACNC') regulates charities at a federal level. Its records show the Chamber was registered in 2014 under the criteria, “purposes beneficial to the general public and analogous to the other charitable purposes”.
While pursuing charitable purposes, ABL, on behalf of the Chamber, has appeared in a raft of common issue proceedings in recent years acting for employers against union and employee claims including:
• Award flexibility
• Blood and bone marrow donor leave
• Casual and part-time employment
• Family and domestic violence leave
In the latter proceedings, the ABL's Nigel Ward opposed a claim by the ACTU and argued against workplace leave for victims of domestic violence.
Chamber CEO Stephen Cartwright “strongly disagreed” with the proposition that arguing against entitlements for low-paid workers and victims of domestic violence could not claim to be a charitable exercise.
“We are required to be there by the Fair Work Commission,” he said. “It's a necessary part of the workplace relations system … our job is to go down there and act in the best interest of the country and employment. Without this, capital walks away”.
On the matter of how businesses operating for a profit could be consolidated into the Chamber's accounts and therefore not pay tax, he said this practise was appropriate as the cashflow was expended in not-for-profit activities assisting the Chamber's 13,000 members.
The $2.8 million expense for motor vehicles was for a fleet used by customers, often in regional areas, and executives did not have company cars.
PwC, the Chamber's auditor, picked up $437,000 last year and $565,000 the year before and appears to have a conflict of interest in that its non-audit fees for tax advice and such exceeded its audit fees.
The Chamber has also made political donations disclosures over the years. Both major parties have been beneficiaries with the bulk of donations going to the Liberal Party. It has also funded election advertising in NSW, however Stephen Cartwright said the Chamber was “fiercely non-political”
This column is co-published by michaelwest.com.au with The Conversation and is part of the Democracy Futures series, a joint global initiative between The Conversation and Sydney Democracy Network, sydneydemocracynetwork.org The project aims to stimulate fresh thinking about the many challenges facing democracies in the 21st century.
Here's the indictment charging 83 alleged members of United Blood Nation gang after overnight roundup. @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/VtSLnv3JHo — Blake Hanson (@BlakeWSOC9) May 18, 2017
NEW: Here's a graphic with details on the operation. @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/r1wFgwfc6B — Blake Hanson (@BlakeWSOC9) May 18, 2017
Federal and local law enforcement arrested dozens of gang members in the Charlotte area in a major crackdown operation, WSOC reports. Authorities said 83 members of the United Blood Nation were taken into custody early Thursday morning by teams of heavily armed agents and officers.According to WSOC, the alleged gang members have ties to multiple murders, financial crimes, gun charges, and drug charges.The 163-page indictment is the largest single indictment in the history of the North Carolina Western District. Federal authorities have continued to focus in the Charlotte area to take down large gang operations.
Ukrainian parliament backs admission of foreign military to Ukraine for drills in 2019
The representative of the Belarusian Foreign Ministry: Ukraine is going in the right direction
President Poroshenko met @SpecRepUkraine Kurt Volker at USS Donald Cook (DDG 75) in Odesa
Banner this morning in Simferopol "Russia get out from here, Crimea is our home!"
The biggest solar power plant in Ukraine(and 3rd in Europe) opened near Starozavodske village in Dnipropetrovs'k region
BEDLAM21 090654 USAF MC12W ISR platform on mission at Moldova border today again
US Special Representative for Ukraine Negotiations Kurt Volker is in Odesa
Odesa region police stopped two buses on the way from Kyiv to Odesa after report that armed men could be present inside
Moldova, parliamentary election: Left map: winning party list by territory Right map: winners in the single mandate constituencies Maroon – PSRM (SandD/ENF) Blue – PDM (SandD) Yellow – ACUM (EPP) Green — PȘ (ECR) Grey – Independents
US Air Force RQ-4A Global Hawk UAV
Joint Forces Operation Press Center: yesterday Russian forces opened fire 7 times. 1 Ukrainian soldier was killed, 1 wounded
Perm Rep of Poland to the EU Andrzej Sados with Amb. Gordon Sondland @USAmbEU, Amb. Phil Reeker and RO Deputy PM @AnaBirchall on their way to Odesa. Visit on board of the US Navy's missile destroyer Donald Cook and meeting with #FriendsOfUkraine on the agenda.
USAF C-17A Globemaster III RCH1815 inbound Kyiv
3 men wounded as result of explosion of unknown object in the forest near Myrnohrad, Donetsk region
Video: Fire at Russian forces post on 23rd February near Horlivka
In Novomoskovsk district police seized 125 cartridges from a man
Police exposed illegal drugs lab in Irpin, Kyiv region
Moldova parliamentary election results show that PSRM took 31.27%, with ACUM at 26.64%. PDM lagged behind in third (24%). This could create a "hung parliament" situation that may be used for political meddling.
OSCE slams 'strong indication of vote buying' in Moldova election
Socialist Zinaida Greceanii: We do not exclude that new early elections can take place
Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer USS Donald Cook(DDG-75) in Odesa
"Considering yesterday's massive fraud, I can say that the Election Bloc ACUM won the parliamentary elections," says Andrei Năstase.
Moldovan election observers at Promo Lex @promolex say they noted 1020 violations during Sunday's election (compared to 406 in the second round of the 2016 presidential election.)
USS Donald Cook (DDG 75) has arrived in Odesa
Ex-chief of staff of Ukraine (in 2012-2014) Volodymyr Zaiman was detained this morning on accusation of high treason
Blast hit Makiyivka this morning, car damaged
Joint Forces Operation Press Center: yesterday Russian forces opened fire 16 times. 1 Ukrainian soldier was killed, 2 wounded
US Air Force RQ-4A Global Hawk UAV
Moldova, preliminary results: 50.07% counted PSRM-S&D/ENF: 31% PDM-S&D: 27% ACUM-EPP: 24% PȘ-ECR: 10% PCRM-LEFT: 4% PN-*: 2% PL-ALDE: 1%
Ireland, and the case of the discretionary medical card.
Historically if you suffered from a serious medical condition you could have been issued with a medical card, allowing you to receive free or reduced cost healthcare services from the state. The mechanism for issuing of such cards seemed to be arbitrary from region to region, and in a financially compromised country where recently the government has been marching to the drum of austerity, anything left to discretion has already more or less disappeared over the last couple of years. All things considered it was really only a matter of time before this happened but unfortunately there hasn't been any joined up thinking (Something the current and past governments have all suffered from) which would have allowed medical cards to have been issued to people who need them, apart from an antiquated method of means testing. If you considered the issuing of discretionary medical cards as arbitrary I would probably call the means testing method more of a lottery. Yes, you have to be in it to win it, but the numbers are against you.
During the last couple of weeks an increasing number of stories have hit the news where seriously ill people have seen their discretionary cards removed. Improving efficiency, cost cutting, call it what you will, this has pulled the rug out from a lot of hard pushed families. Since taking over his position, James Reilly, minister for health has repeatedly reported budget shortfalls and spending overruns. Like “Oliver” he keeps coming back to the table asking “Can I please have some more”. He seems to be unable to create any form of efficiency in administration, while cuts are continually applied to frontline services only, and yet the budget failures continue. What exactly is happening?
I've spoken with a few people recently and the general feeling is that they are attempting efficiency through bureaucracy. First they remove all medical cards and then require all candidates to reapply. The process of jumping through various hoops can be difficult for some. I would assume older people, or people from a less educated background would struggle to face form after form to complete before starting an assessment process which did not remotely guarantee the card would be issued. This creates a form of natural efficiency. Some people will decide the process is just too difficult, some will try to struggle on without and make ends meet. Some of course will die and most of all thats a form of efficiency that brings a confirmed and final tally to James Reillys ledger.
Recently the independent TD Clare Daly questioned the government on the outsourcing of the medical card system to a German company “Arvato”, pointing out that the company employed a staff of almost entirely contract staff. She questioned if any had specialist training in the healthcare sector, or if they were purely bean counters from the financial sector (I paraphrase of course), who would be employed to act like the sword of Damocles and cut mercilessly. I think there was a little bit of point scoring on her part by pointing out it was a German company, with the growing use of the term “Berlins way, or no way” being used to signify an anti Europe or Anti Austerity message. While Clare's heart is in the right place I wonder if she could have asked better or more probing questions.
If a process is being outsourced, what are the efficiencies being made to the existing system of administration. What are the costs and what are the overall savings. Could we get an overview of where outsourcing currently takes place across the public service and a comparison of current expenditure and past expenditure based on the proposal that outsourcing has brought efficiency and cost reduction. What was the tender process and are we continually researching alternative methods of efficiency in these services.
So who is Arvato?
Arvato is part of the Bertelsmann Group. A German super conglomerate. You've probably never heard of them, or at least assume you havent. If you've purchased any chart music in the last few years you probably paid directly into their coffers. Look at the back of your CD collection. If you see Sony BMG on the label the BMG stands for Bertelsman music group. Bertlesman is one of the world's largest publishers and apart from Music, if you've bought a book from “Random House” again you have paid directly into their pocket. Arvato sits within the group as a process outsourcing specialist. Large companies around the world outsource their financial processes to Arvato, or Arvato provide contract staff to work on site. Their main Irish headquarters are based in East point business park and regardless of Clare Dalys subtle possibly unintentional xenophobia I'm sure Arvato have a strong Irish staff at the core of their Dublin organisation. But moving back on point, do we know how much efficiency or cost saving has this company brought to the HSE? Sick children without medical cards shouldn't be seen as loss making or inefficient to the public purse. The most recent public report from Bertelsman dates from 2012 where gross profit stood at around 16 Billion. What will their figures for 2013/2014 read?
I've used the term death by 1000 cuts recently and I think it accurately reflects what is happening in the health service under the Fine Gael / Labour government. Despite the public mantra that cuts would not affect front line srrvices, the continued reality for those seeking access to care is that the services themselves are being wound down or relocated. Maternity services is one of the most high profile. From Portlaoise to Cavan to Sligo we are hearing that staff reductions and closures are now the norm. While some would say its hyperbole to link the recent rise in child mortality to the cuts in spending we must see some correlation. Its not like we're linking it to changes in rainfall. I believe that this is a circular process. Reduced cover leads to a rise in safety issues and concern for public safety is justification for closure of local services. Conversly the truth would be that investment at local level would have prevented the rise in safety issues. But the key point is wise investment. I'm not oblivious to the fact that we still believe that the country is broke and act accordingly. Specifically using the HSE as a test case, how much outsourcing is now happening and are the current budget overruns a symptom of things yet to come across other sectors
Its my personal opinion that James Reilly should receive the same treatment as Alan Shatter and be run out of office, but who else wants the poison chalice of the HSE. Who else would we trust to implement root and branch reform? If a Doctor is incapable of healing the sick HSE then who else can we hope to see it through. We derided Mary Harney, and now we despise Reilly as well. Unfortunately their are no answers here. If you read this far hoping that I would produce some panacea, like the government I'm afraid I will have to let you down. I do believe that this proud country can solve its own problems but I think we need stronger voices who speak for the people with long term goals. Parish pump politics that serve the few at the top needs to end.
Stay well out there people
Sources:
The medical card scandal
Bertelsmann Group
Bertlesmann Financial Report 2012
Advertisements
Despite the emergence of Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott last season, Dez Bryant knows he still embodies the Dallas Cowboys.
When asked by NFL Network's Jane Slater about those who question his commitment to the team after Bryant showed up late to training camp, he professed his love -- Bryant used that word a lot -- for the organization that drafted him.
"Everybody in this organization knows what's up with me," Bryant said. "They know I love this football team. You know, me personally, I feel nobody reps the star more than me. That's not a shot directed at nobody, that's just how I feel. I always loved it. I love the fans and I put my all out for them you know? I don't care if I'm injured, I'll try my best to get out there and play. That's how it's always been. I love Dallas. I love this place, I just love everything about it. I love the coaches, I love (owner) Jerry Jones, I love Stephen (Jones), I love everybody around this place."
While Bryant simply has to deflect some bad press for the minor snafu, his close friend and recently-released wideout Lucky Whitehead wasn't as fortunate. Bryant told Slater that "I would say (head coach Jason Garrett was sending a message by cutting Whitehead), we're trying to do something special here. I don't have much room to talk, but even though I had a legit deal -- the reason why I missed -- I should have been there. But I wasn't. And we handled it. At the same time I understand what coach Garrett is trying to do. You gotta take care of business."
This is an important season for Bryant, which is why the Cowboys are already "handling" even a minor infraction like showing up late to camp. As Prescott emerges, Bryant seems to be hovering between potential No. 1 target of the future and occasional playmaker. Bryant was second on the team in targets to Cole Beasley with tight end Jason Witten close behind last year. Dallas drafted a Beasley clone this offseason in Ryan Switzer, perhaps signaling another shift in offensive style to better suit Prescott's comfort zone.
Bryant's stellar nine-catch, 132-yard, two-touchdown performance against the Packers in the playoffs last year shows he has the ability to carry an offense if he's got the trust of his quarterback. Garrett is doing his best to ensure that's the case.
Ads like the one above, and paid for by marijuana advocates, are set to appear on Anchorage city buses. (Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol)
It officially became legal to consume and grow marijuana in Alaska on Tuesday.
That means the state is the third to legalize the drug in as many years, but it is hardly the last. Voters in Oregon and Washington, D.C., have also approved legalization, and advocates plan to take advantage of shifting public opinion to target other states this year and next.
Here's a look at how the patchwork of existing laws compare, according to the Marijuana Policy Project, which played pivotal roles in passing some of the legalization laws.
Can marijuana be consumed in public?
No. In all four states and D.C., public consumption of marijuana is banned. Consumption is also limited to adults 21 years of age or older.
A sample of marijuana at the dispensary at Collective Awakenings in Portland, Ore. (Beth Nakamura/The Oregonian via AP)
How much can an individual possess?
In all four states, adults may possess up to an ounce of the drug in public. In D.C., the limit is two ounces.
Can individuals grow it at home?
As in Colorado, adults in Alaska and D.C. can grow up to six plants in their home, three of them mature. In Oregon, the limit is four plants, but that is for each household, regardless of the number of adults there. In D.C., each household is limited to 12 plants total.
In Oregon, each household is limited to possession of eight ounces at home. In Alaska, Colorado and D.C., adults may possess all that they grow.
Home-growing is not allowed in Washington.
Former U.S. Marine sergeant Ryan Begin rolls a medical marijuana joint at his home in Belfast, Maine. (Robert F. Bukaty/AP)
Can marijuana be shared?
In Alaska, Colorado, Oregon and D.C., adults can also gift up to an ounce of the drug to one another.
When were all these laws approved and how much support did they get?
Legalization was approved by voters in Colorado and Washington during the 2012 elections and the remaining states and D.C. in the 2014 elections. The following is a list, in order from most to least, of the share of voters who approved legalization in each place.
D.C.: 64.9 percent
Oregon: 56.1 percent
Washington: 55.7 percent
Colorado: 55.3 percent
Alaska: 53.2 percent
When do/did all these laws go into effect?
Legalization of possession went into effect in December 2012 in Colorado and Washington. It begins today, Feb. 24, in Alaska and July 1 in Oregon.
Retail sales began Jan. 1, 2014, in Colorado and July 8, 2014, in Washington. Rules must be drafted within nine months of the effective date in Alaska, meaning they can be expected by the end of the year. In Oregon, the state will begin accepting applications for marijuana businesses on Jan. 4, 2016.
D.C.'s legalization effort is in murky territory. Congress blocked the District from establishing new rules regulating the sales of marijuana, but D.C. officials say that federal action did not stop the initiative. As a result, pot is expected to become legal as early as Feb. 26, though it will be loosely regulated.
Marijuana plants on display for sale at the medical marijuana farmers market at the California Heritage Market in Los Angeles in 2014. (David McNew/Reuters)
Who oversees the industry?
In Alaska, Oregon and Washington, marijuana will be overseen by the state liquor control boards. In Colorado, the Department of Revenue oversees the program.
How is marijuana taxed?
In Alaska, a wholesale excise tax of $50 per ounce will be collected on all marijuana.
In Colorado, the state collects a 15 percent wholesale excise tax and a 10 percent sales tax on marijuana.
In Oregon, flowers will be taxed at $35 an ounce, immature plants at $5 per plant and leaves at $10 an ounce, all of which will be adjusted with inflation.
Washington levies a 25 percent excise tax at three levels: producer to processor, processor to retailer and retailer to consumer.
Juvenile marijuana plants cloned from more mature plants in a nursery at RiverRock Organic Cannabis in Denver. (Marc Piscotty for The Washington Post)
Where does revenue go?
Revenue from marijuana is unallocated by the ballot measure passed in Alaska.
In Colorado, the first $40 million collected by the excise tax must go to new school construction, while the rest goes to the state general fund for enforcement, studies and public health monitoring.
In Oregon, the money must be divided as follows: 40 percent to a school fund; 20 percent to a mental health, alcoholism and drug services account; 15 percent to state police; 20 percent to cities and counties for local law enforcement; and 5 percent to alcohol and drug abuse prevention, early intervention and treatment services.
In Washington, marijuana revenue is divvied up in two ways. The following payments must be made every quarter: up to $1.25 million for administration of the program; $185,000 to study youth use; $50,000 to pay for reports mandated by the initiative; and $5,000 to create and maintain online educational materials.
After those payments are made, the rest of the money must be split up as follows: 50 percent to a state health plan trust account; 15 percent for reducing substance abuse among young people; 10 percent for a public health program; less than 10 percent to study the short- and long-term effects of marijuana use, to provide health and dental care and to fund bridge building. Just under a fifth of the remaining amount goes to the general fund.
Can municipalities opt out?
Local municipalities may opt out in each of the four states where marijuana has been legalized. They also have varying degrees of power over the number of businesses allowed within their limits and the time, place and manner in which the businesses can operate.
What's next?
The Marijuana Policy Project has played a pivotal role in past legalization efforts and has its sights set on even more. They have established committees to pursue legalization on the 2016 ballot in a number of states, such as Arizona, California, Maine, Massachusetts and Nevada. And it has plans to pursue legalization through the legislature in states such as Rhode Island, Vermont, New Hampshire, Delaware, Hawaii and Maryland. Bills have been introduced in Maryland and Vermont, where the state recently commissioned a study on its options.
What's next for the marijuana movement. (Washington Post)
Read more:
In D.C., fears of chaos grow as legal pot nears
A dozen ways to legalize the marijuana supply chain, in Vermont or any state
How public opinion on marijuana has changed over the last half-century
Alaska summary, by the Marijuana Policy Project
Colorado summary, by the MPP
D.C. summary, by the MPP
Oregon summary, by the MPP
Washington summary, by the MPP
But when 55-year old Eddie Motley saw ten black people beating, stomping, kicking, and punching his neighbor and her two teenage boys, and laughing about it, he did not dial 911.
He grabbed a baseball bat and charged.
“Eddie hit the bat on the ground and told them to get off of us,” said Gina Herring, who was observing the assault from the fetal position amid a tangle of kicking boots in front of her Concord, North Carolina home. “If Eddie didn't step in, I am sure my boys and I would be dead. I was the most scared I have ever been in my life.”
One of the attackers said he had a gun and was going to “blow my head off,” said Herring. “Another, a 14-year-old named Nijel, said ‘I'm tired of y'all white people killing my brothers,' then he spit on me.”
Herring met Nijel and several other members of the mob three months before when she moved into the neighborhood. Her teenage boys had invited them over to play videogames.
“I made them all grilled cheese sandwiches,” Herring said. “But after they left, we discovered they had stolen several things from our house. So we did not invite them back.”
But they came back anyway, once trying to break in, not knowing that Herring's son was at home.
Finally, after three months, on March 16, Nigel and a 16-year-old girl met Herring's 14-year-old son at the bus stop, threatening him with violence. “They chased him to our house, saying ‘get that white boy, get that white boy,'” Herring said.
Herring's other son ran outside to defend his younger brother. The group of two attackers swelled to ten, many much older. Gina Herring is now charged with a crime for trying to pull the attackers off her sons, before getting knocked to the ground herself.
Enter the Old White Dude with the bat. “I yelled, ‘Stop, stop,'” Motley told the local Fox affiliate. “But they would not stop.”
Several members of the mob, including 18-year-old Isaiah Faggert, let Mr. Motley know they did not appreciate his interference in what, up until then, was a standard case of black-on-white hyper-violence, involving characters with the standard Facebook posts glorifying – and bragging about – crime, violence, drugs, and the thug life.
On Faggert's page, the grinning young man shows off his gold dental grill and tats. “Fear Me,” said one. All on full display when “they went to attack Motley and they busted out the windows on his car and house,” as Herring put it.
Mr. Motley then hit Mr. Faggert in the face with the bat, breaking his jaw and taking all the fight out of Faggert, and the other nine members of the mob as well. All with one swing.
That is when the media and public officials gathered around Motley and congratulated him for his heroism. For saving the damsel in distress from a case of wicked racial violence.
Oh, yeah – that last part did not happen.
In fact, when police arrived, they arrested Motley for assault. Ditto for Gina Herring. A couple of members of the mob were also served with warrants.
The local media ate it up, especially the TV news station with the anchor who is an active member of the National Association of Black Journalists, who took turns manufacturing outrage with the black reporter who could scarcely believe the bad things that had been visited on the angelic Mr. Faggert.
Soon after, Faggert's mother got into the act. It was all a big misunderstanding, she said on Facebook. Her son was alternately trying to help his “little cousin” as Herring and her two boys beat them unmercifully. Or her son was trying rescue the Herring family from an unmerciful mob beating.
Either way, her son was the victim of a hate crime at the hands of the evil Eddie Motley, who targeted her son only because he was black. Another Trayvon. Another Michael Brown. This is a long list. And as for that mishmash of recent charges against him for drugs and violence, well, that's easily explained, too – a result of more of the same racism relentlessly directed at black people.
She insists that Isaiah – Zay – was not an eager participant in another episode of black mob violence, the kind documented in that scintillating best-seller Don't Make the Black Kids Angry: The hoax of black victimization and those who enable it.
The book has a chapter documenting victims of black mob violence charged with a crime after defending themselves.
Soon the rest of Concord and the region picked up the drum beat of victimization: this was just another example of relentless white racism and violence, directed at black people, all the time, everywhere, and that explains everything.
“He was beaten by a 55-year old KKK member while he was trying to help his cousin who was being pushed around,” said one friend of the family on Facebook. “This wasn't Ferguson. This was right here in Concord.”
Of course, Motley is not a member of the Klan. Even so, the posting garnered at least 11,688 shares on Facebook.
The threats followed soon after: “Let's set their house on fire,” suggested one supporter of the Faggert family.
Others posted Motley's address, with an admonition: “It's clear the police didn't do much,” said one. Motley is “continuing to show his hatred by continuing his attacks on this woman's kids. I'm starting to believe in the popular saying ‘protect and kill' because I don't see too many innocent people being served. Racism is very much alive.”
“It's war now,” said Isaiah's mom.
Soon after the assault, the usual suspects had the usual community meeting to complain about the usual relentless white racism and violence. But this time with a twist: the organizer of the Justice for Zay rally had to hold the meeting in a white church because he said all of the black churches were afraid of church bombings.
Which apparently happen all the time whenever black people complain about the relentless white racism and violence against them. And anyone who knew anything about Martin or Malcolm or Tupac or any of the other icons cited at the rally would know that.
Since the assault, large groups of black people have been congregating near the homes of Motley and Herring, threatening and throwing things at them.
Motley has had to call the police several times. His landscaping business is suffering after the adverse publicity.
Gina Herring has pulled her children out of school because of the threats, and several of her friends have opened a GoFundMe.com account for Motley and her to cover their legal expenses. And her moving costs.
For psychologist Marlin Newburn, this racial violence and denial all have a familiar – and disturbing – ring.
“The worst elements of the black community, and those that use them for power and profit, now know they have widespread (and mindless) support and defense for whatever violence they feel the impulse to commit,” Newburn said.
“In the eyes of this black mob, Ferguson – and the glaring national support, defense, and even adoration of the thug Michael Brown – proves that lying works as they assault non-blacks with a now-perceived impunity. The highest levels of government continues to speak on behalf of Brown, a violent young black man who was assaulting a police officer, even though said government found the officer did nothing wrong. This is gross aiding and abetting of racial violence like this.”
In light of thirty years as a court-appointed psychologist and prison psychologist, this episode of black mob violence in Concord is not Newburn's first rodeo: “Through the MSM, the popular culture, and liberals in government, the message to black people for years has been that they are not responsible for their actions, nor will there be serious consequences for their violent behavior.”
“The result of this has been disastrous for black people. To the assailants in this crime, their violent assault was righteous, and now know they are backed up all the way to the White House. Adding fuel to this insanity fire is the tragic/comedic myth that the reason for their collective life failures and the gross decay of their communities is due to white people.”
“They had no conscience as they inflicted great violence on these helpless people, and they attacked because they believe they have legitimate license to do so.”
Colin Flaherty is the scintillating and best selling author of Don't Make the Black Kids Angry.
ROME (Reuters) - Italy seized more than 20 tonnes of cannabis on Thursday from a ship sailing off the island of Sicily.
Coastguard officers escorted the boat to the Sicilian port of Marsala and discovered the hashish resin in burlap sacks, police said in a statement. Six crew members of Syrian origin were taken into custody.
“This is the most important operation in the Mediterranean Sea in the past 10 years,” Cristino Alemanno, of the Guardia di Finanza, said.
The ship had left the North African state of Morocco, one of the world's largest producers of illicit hashish, mostly shipped to Western Europe.
Authorities said they had monitored the ship for two days as it entered Italian waters and officers boarded the ship after a request to the Comoros islands where the ship was registered was not answered.
On Saturday, Italian authorities seized a tonne of hashish from a Turkish ship in a separate operation.
Graduate student, 22, shaved her head and eyebrows and faked terminal cancer 'to get attention from her mother'
Fraud: Victoria Marut, 22, has been charged with forgery for allegedly pretending to have terminal cancer and receiving hundreds of dollars worth of gifts
A Missouri graduate student has been charged with forging documents from a doctor in an attempt to prove that she has terminal cancer, which has turned out to be a lie.
When 22-year-old Victoria 'Tory' Marut, of Kirksville, broke the news that she has non-Hodgkins lymphoma in June, her professors and co-workers jumped into action, organizing a fundraiser and showering her with gifts.
After Marut appeared to have lost her hair to the disease, loved ones donated hats and wigs to cover her bald had.
The only problem was, the 22-year-old Truman State University student was not actually sick, and was in fact shaving her head to draw attention to herself, according to allegations that have since come to light, the Saint Louis Post-Dispatch reported.
Marut's purported web of lies began unraveling earlier this month when Trish Reger, the principal of Kirksville Primary School where the 22-year-old aspiring special education teacher had been doing an internship, raised questions about her frequent absences.
Reger approached Truman professor Peter Kelly, asking him to have Marut produce a note from her doctor regarding the student's ability to complete her work.
Within an hour, a letter from Dr Michael Trendle printed on an official-looking letterhead from Boone Hospital Center appeared on Kelly's desk.
But instead of placating Principal Reger, the document had the opposite effect, further heightening her suspicions.
Aspiring teacher: Marut had been enrolled in the master's in education program at Truman State University when she broke the news to he professors in June about her 'cancer'
At Reger's request, Professor Kelley contacted Dr Trendle to verify Marut's story, only to discover that the note produced by the student was a fake, and that the 22-year-old had never been a patient at Boone Hospital Center or any of the local cancer treatment centers.
Happier times: This undated photo likely taken before the cancer charade shows Marut sporting long hair
On November 14, Marut was arrested and charged with felony forgery. According to Truman Police Chief Thomas Johnson, the graduate student could also be charged with stealing by deception for accepting presents and donations from friends and colleagues, including a $700 wig, according to the Heartland Connection .
According to police, Marut admitted to concocting the fake doctor's note on her computer. She also came clean about her diagnosis, saying that she doesn't have non-Hodgkins lymphoma, and that she had been shaving her head and eyebrows to convince others that she was undergoing chemotherapy.
When asked why she went to such great lengths to fake a terminal diagnosis, Marut reportedly replied that she wanted her mother to pay more attention to her.
Bogus: Marut confessed to forging a note from Dr. Michael Trendle on an official-looking letterhead from Boone Hospital Center where she had never been a patient
Marut was released on $25,000 cash bond. She is expected back in court next month for a preliminary hearing.
Her attorney, Ben Gray, said that his client is currently not taking classes at Truman. University officials said the future of Marut's master's degree in education is up in the air pending an internal investigation.
There have been a number of highly publicized cases in recent months involving women faking cancer for material gain.
Fakers: Lori Stilley, left, was accused of pretending to have terminal bladder cancer for financial gain, while Jami Lynn Toler, right, faked breast cancer to raise money for plastic surgery
Most recently, 27-year-old Jami Lynn Toler, of Arizona, was sentenced to a year in prison and three years probation for lying about having breast cancer to raise $8,000 for plastic surgery.
I love baked goods more than any human probably should. There's just something about a freshly baked, moist and gooey treat. I'm obsessed.
And if that item includes chocolate its automatically a winner.
One of my favorite flavors is pumpkin. Its really kind of obsession of mine XP When fall rolls around I go a bit crazy with the pumpkin lattes, pies, muffins, and cookies.
I know, I know its the middle of July but I just had to make something pumpkiny or I was going to explode. And you will too as soon as you taste these mouth watering cross between a cupcake and muffin...that's right...it's a cupfin.
Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Cupcake
2 cups canned pumpkin (I keep plenty of these in my cabinets)
1 cup all purpose flour
1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour (or just more ap flour)
2 cups brown sugar
2/3 cup vegetable oil (feel free to sub with an alternative like coconut oil or applesauce)
1/2 cup non-dairy milk
2 tsps vanilla extract
1 tsp baking powder
1 tsp baking soda
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp salt
1 cup chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350°F. In a large mixing bowl, mix together wet ingredients plus sugar until thoroughly combined.
A SECOND victim of jailed Jehovah's Witness elder Mark Sewell has stepped forward to tell of her ordeal at the hands of the convicted rapist.
Tina Guy, a former employee of Sewell, has told of her horror at recalling an incident where she was driven onto wasteland against her will and locked in a car by him - only to narrowly escape from the man who had already committed rape.
When Sewell drove Mrs Guy onto barren land at Barry docks in the mid 90s, she had no idea that the boss who had targeted her with a campaign of suggestive behaviour and an eventual indecent assault had already committed a rape just a few years prior.
Sewell, 53, of Porthkerry Road, Barry, was jailed for 14 years at Merthyr Crown Court earlier this month after being found guilty of raping a fellow churchgoer, indecently assaulting two young girls - including his niece Karen Morgan - and also indecently assaulting Mrs Guy in their workplace.
Mrs Guy, a married mother-of-one from George Street, Barry, began working at Sewell's janitorial supply business in the mid 90s when she was 25 years old.
Soon after, Sewell began making inappropriate comments to her before advancing to trying to get her alone and make her sit on his lap saying: "give uncle Mark a kiss" - disturbingly similar behaviour to that used in grooming his 12-year-old niece Karen several years before.
Mrs Guy said that at the time she had only been in one relationship and was "naive". She didn't know how seriously to take the boss who seemed funny and playful, at first.
Also, she said, knowing that he was a member of the Jehovah's Witness church she assumed he must be a "good person".
Knowing now what Sewell - described in court as a "predator" who used his power to exploit and abuse women and girls - was capable of, one incident sends shivers up her spine.
She described how one day Sewell had approached her red-faced and furious while she was talking with another male employee and demanded she join him on a trip to a bank in Barry town centre.
He drove her to town and left her in the car while he went to the bank, something that immediately put Mrs Guy on edge.
On what should have been the return trip, Sewell took an unusual route before driving onto barren wasteland near Barry docks. He locked the doors, removed his seatbelt, leaned into her and began asking her for sex.
When she declined he asked her if he could "have a grope". He told her he would "look after her".
"I was scared, I didn't know what was going on," she said. " I was just looking out of the window hoping that someone would come along."
Demanding he drive her back to work, Sewell eventually gave up - only to end up sexually assaulting Mrs Guy a short time later, when he indecently rubbed himself against her in the office kitchen. Again a behaviour he had used in previous instances of abuse.
Mrs Guy only realised what a lucky escape she may have had that day when she heard the testimony of a woman raped by Sewell at his home just a few years before the incident, an incident that had left her unable to be alone in a car with an unfamiliar man for years to come.
"It was so eerie to think back to it," she said. "I don't know what might have happened.
"It took over my life for a while, it caused quite a lot of problems for a few years after."
Mrs Guy left Sewell's employment soon after to work at Barry Woolworths and some time later won a tribunal for sexual harassment against Sewell.
Facing Sewell in court along with his other victims and helping secure his imprisonment has given Mrs Guy a sense of closure.
"When I heard he had been found guilty, I felt physically sick," she said. "Because I knew that people actually believed us.
"We needed that guilty plea for peace of mind."
One-Day Internationals
167 Matches
5,407 runs
Average 49.60
Centuries 5
Half-centuries 40
Test Matches
10 matches
663 runs
Average 51.00
Centuries 1
Half-centuries 4
***
This is one India-Pakistan match that passed without a replay of the frisson of enmity. In fact, very few people took note of it. India beat its neighbour in the final of the T20 Asia Cup women's cricket tournament in Bangkok—the team's sixth consecutive lifting of the cup. The star of the tournament was India's batswoman extraordinaire, Mithali Raj. In the tournament, she was an exemplar of ‘old-school', renaissance versatil­ity—she was the top scorer, excelled as a fielder, and gave invaluable advice to the new captain. The backbone of Ind­ian batting line-up, she has over the years single-hande­dly won games everyone gave up as lost.
Mithali, 34, doesn't seem to be tiring, leave alone mulling about packing up her pads and gloves. Despite playing international cricket for 17 years, Mithali seems to have an interminable supply of motivation. “There are different reasons to get motivated. As a debutante, playing for India was a motivation. There was a time when we lost to Pakistan; it was a motivation for me to do well in the T20 Asia Cup,” Mithali tells Outlook after the triumph. “In the last World Cup, India didn't qualify for the Super Sixes. It is a motivation for me that India definitely has to make the cut in the 2017 World Cup.”
It's this hunger for success that has earned Mithali the sobriquet ‘Sachin Tendulkar of women's cricket'. Her rec­ord is no less staggering. In 167 One-day Internationals, she has amassed 5,407 runs at an average of 49.60, with five centuries and 40 half-centuries. In Tests, which India plays only sporadically, she has aggregated 663 runs at 51.00 in 10 matches, with one century and four fifties. The lone century, 214 against England in 2002, was scored when she was just 19—then a world record, which was broken by Pakistani Kiran Baluch's 242 against West Indies in March 2004. Over the years, Mithali has effortlessly changed her game to adapt to different formats. When T20 gained prominence, she adj­usted with remarkable success. One such challenge was different batting positions in the three formats. She bats at No. 4 in Tests, at No. 3 in ODIs and now opens the innings in T20s.
When Indian team coach Purnima Rau asked Mithali to open, she emerged as a natural. Rau and Raj go back a long way, in Hyderabad, where they played under the same coach, Sampath Kumar. “She made me very proud of my decision to make her open the innings,” says Purnima, a former India captain and teammate of Mithali. Her reasoning: the best batswoman should get the opportunity to face all 120 balls, and Mithali and Smriti Mandhana are the two best in the team. In Bangkok, Mithali seemed to be at her best as an opener. She won the Player of the Final for her 65-ball 73 not out against Pakistan, and was adjudged Player of the Series for her consistency—top scorer of the tournament with 220 runs, with two half-centuries at a staggering average of 110, and a strike rate of 91.66. Other than the opener's slot, Mithali had to contend with a changed fielding position. She was used to being near the bowler's run-up, to be part of discussions in the inner circle. But after a change in captaincy—Harmanpreet Kaur led in the T20 Asia Cup—Mithali said she took up the challenge of fielding in the deep. But the rigours of international cricket have taken its toll, and Mithali's knees need treatment.
In recent years, the lot of women cricketers from India have improved, and much of it is due to superlative performances by players like Mithali. After the ICC merged the global women's wing with itself in 2005, all national boards followed suit. In November last year, the BCCI for the first time gave annual central contracts to 11 women—Rs 15 lakh each to four players and Rs 10 lakh each for seven—like they do to male players, who get Rs 1 crore, Rs 50 lakh and Rs 25 lakh in three slabs. For a series/overseas tour, BCCI pays women a lump sum amount. “The present women are much better than us as they now have a physio, trainer, coach etc. We as a team have slept on railway stations, in school and college dormitories,” a former India captain, who played in the 1990s, tells Outlook.
Now, ace cricketers like Mithali and her teammate, the gangly pacer Jhulan Goswami, have it better. But the pressure to perform has increased manifold. Jhulan, who played under-19 domestic cricket with Mithali, says: “I used to watch how she prepared and how she controlled her game. Recognition comes only when you are a match-winner and she is one.” That and longevity. “Her mental strength is enormous; I don't see a full-stop. Not only the 2017 World Cup, I won't be surprised if she plays the 2020 cup too,” says Purnima.
Mithali has had her parents' full support. Her father Dorai Raj, a retired Air Force sergeant, and mother Leela took the decision, at the dining table, to put Mithali into cricket, and take her out of Bhara­tanatyam classes, at which she exc­elled. “She was good at everything—Bharata­natyam, drawing, and cricket. When it was decided that she would pursue cricket, I said I wanted results,” says Dorai Raj. “Her mother wanted Mithali to do a Ph.D. Currently, Mithali is pursuing a Masters in psychology by correspondence. You would always find at least one psychology book in her kitbag,” he says. For a girl of 34, the topic of marriage would hover over every conversation in an Indian home. But Mithali's parents have left that to her, for whenever she is ready. Right now, her gaze is fixed on the 2017 World Cup, and nothing beyond.
Developing an Incident Management System to Support Ebola Response — Liberia, July–August 2014
Satish K. Pillai, MD1, Tolbert Nyenswah, LLB2, Edward Rouse, MPA3, M. Allison Arwady, MD4, Joseph D. Forrester, MD4, Jennifer C. Hunter, DrPH4,5, Almea Matanock, MD4, Patrick Ayscue, DVM4, Benjamin Monroe, MPH6, Ilana J. Schafer, DVM7, Luis Poblano, AS3, John Neatherlin, MPH8,9, Joel M. Montgomery, PhD8,9, Kevin M. De Cock, MD8,10 (Author affiliations at end of text)
The ongoing Ebola virus disease (Ebola) outbreak in West Africa is the largest and most sustained Ebola epidemic recorded, with 6,574 cases (1). Among the five affected countries of West Africa (Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Nigeria, and Senegal), Liberia has had the highest number cases (3,458) (1). This epidemic has severely strained the public health and health care infrastructure of Liberia, has resulted in restrictions in civil liberties, and has disrupted international travel (2). As part of the initial response, the Liberian Ministry of Health and Social Welfare (MOHSW) developed a national task force and technical expert committee to oversee the management of the Ebola-related activities. During the third week of July 2014, CDC deployed a team of epidemiologists, data management specialists, emergency management specialists, and health communicators to assist MOHSW in its response to the growing Ebola epidemic. One aspect of CDC's response was to work with MOHSW in instituting incident management system (IMS) principles to enhance the organization of the response. This report describes MOHSW's Ebola response structure as of mid-July, the plans made during the initial assessment of the response structure, the implementation of interventions aimed at improving the system, and plans for further development of the response structure for the Ebola epidemic in Liberia.
A clearly defined chain of command and organizational structure, effective resource management, and advanced planning are important aspects of an emergency response. An IMS is a standard structure based on these principles that is used in large and small-scale incidents throughout the United States at the federal, state, and local level (3). CDC has adapted IMS principles in managing their responses to public health emergencies, which in addition to the command, operations, logistics, planning, and finance/administrative functions, also includes scientific/public health response roles (4).
Initial Ebola Response Structure and Efforts to Improve Response Structure
The national response system that was initially established by MOHSW employed several IMS elements. For example, a national coordinator for the Ebola response was identified. This position was held by MOHSW's deputy health minister/chief medical officer. Additionally, daily meetings were held that were attended by the heads of each technical committee deemed important for the operational response to the epidemic: epidemiology/surveillance, social mobilization (responsible for communication of key messages), psychosocial (responsible for ensuring adequate social and mental health support for patients and families affected by Ebola infection), contact tracing, case management, and laboratory. MOHSW leadership recognized that this organizational structure (Figure 1) and the overall response could be further optimized and sought to implement improvements with technical support from CDC.
Several areas were identified where the response structure might benefit from adjustment. The initial response structure implemented by MOHSW represented what would be recognized as the scientific response section of a public health response (4). The deputy health minister was responsible for not only MOHSW's Ebola response framework as the national coordinator but also for other, non–Ebola-related public health responsibilities as the country's chief medical officer (e.g., overseeing the county-level delivery of health care in outpatient and inpatient settings and overseeing prevention and control programs, including those related to immunization, human immunodeficiency virus, tuberculosis, and malaria) (5). The national coordinator did not have a deputy to serve as an alternate decision-maker when the national coordinator was unavailable (e.g., when attending higher level meetings). In addition to overseeing the national response, MOHSW's span of control over the response was stretched because it also provided direct support for many activities in the counties surrounding the capital (e.g., assisting with case management and coordinating ambulance and burial transport). Regarding meetings, each morning the national coordinator presided over a national task force meeting, during which presentations were made by technical committee heads. The meeting included numerous partner organizations working in Liberia on the Ebola response (e.g., representatives of the World Health Organization [WHO], public health agencies from other countries, and nongovernmental organizations), with attendance exceeding 50 persons. The numerous comments and input from this large group made it difficult to develop clearly articulated action items. Furthermore, when logistics challenges were identified (e.g., lack of fuel or vehicles to transport teams to investigate potential cases, or to transport a burial team), there was not a single point of contact among the large assembled group to provide the logistical and administrative support to respond to these needs.
Improvements to the Ebola Response Structure
MOHSW developed plans to further refine the command and control structure; develop an IMS general staff section to support the scientific response section with logistical, administrative, and planning components; identify how best to link the national IMS to the county-level response and external partners; and improve the organization of IMS meetings to ensure response objectives had clearly identified action items and that these action items were acted upon. Where possible, efforts were made to work within the existing MOHSW framework to facilitate implementation of the changes (Figure 2).
Regarding command and control, on August 10, 2014, the Minister of Health and Social Welfare appointed an incident manager (IM) responsible for only the Ebola response, chairing a 9:00 am incident management meeting, and establishing, following-up, and adjusting the response priorities and objectives. This allowed the deputy health minister/chief medical officer to focus on other pressing, non–Ebola-related public health activities. In terms of organizational structure, a deputy IM, operations chief, and planning chief were identified. The deputy IM had the authority to step in and function as the IM, to ensure the response continued to have command and control when the IM was in higher level coordination meetings related to the response. The deputy IM also convened and guided a regular logistics meeting attended by MOHSW and partners with logistical interests or resources and chaired a subcommittee to address county level issues. This county-specific subcommittee served as the forum where technical, administrative, and logistical needs for the county responses could be raised. The deputy IM and all technical and general staff committees reported directly to the IM. With respect to IM meetings, each key Ebola response committee was instructed to have the chair (or an alternate with decision-making authority) attend. An agenda was implemented that focused meeting discussions on the key actions completed during the previous 24 hours, actions to be completed during the next 24 hours, and major challenges being faced. The meetings also included a representative from the logistics and finance section (responsible for keeping track of the financial resources available to MOHSW for the managing the response). These changes allowed for more regular reporting of key logistical items to the IM, such as availability of personal protective equipment and regular budget status reports. A task listing was implemented assigning responsibility and due dates for action items as they were identified, and more detailed meeting minutes were prepared and issued the same day as the meeting. The addition of logistical and financial/administrative general staff facilitated completion of the objectives identified by the IM. When expertise did not exist within MOHSW, assistance was sought from other response partners (e.g., logistics support was sought from the United Nations Mission in Liberia, given the mission is a well-resourced organization in Liberia with a track record of timely and efficient movement of personnel and equipment across the country). To facilitate the ability of MOHSW to reach out to external partners, the IMS included liaisons with key external stakeholders involved in the coordination of international partners and provision of essential supplies and technical expertise, such as WHO, CDC, Medécins Sans Frontières, UNICEF, and the U.S. Agency for International Development (Figure 2).
The revised IMS structure did not replace the national task force, which consists of a higher-level interministerial coordination group and key external partners. Thus, ongoing work is need to integrate the MOHSW response structure into this overarching national Ebola response framework. Also, the current "planning horizon" is about 24 hours. Continued development of a planning section in the IMS, to look beyond this limited timeframe, is required to anticipate potential problems and develop contingency plans.
Next Steps
The changes described represent work done during mid-July through mid-August. MOHSW colleagues, with technical assistance from CDC, will continue refining the IMS during the next 6–9 months. During this period, there are several anticipated objectives, the first of which is to ensure the IM designates all priorities for the subsequent 24–48-hour operational periods. Development of a robust planning section to look beyond this 24–48-hour timeframe also will occur. Because much of the operational component of the response (case identification and contact tracing) resides at the county level, there needs to be ongoing information exchange with the counties and MOHSW through the subcommittee chaired by the deputy IM. This information exchange will need to focus on ensuring sufficient logistical support for these county-level operations. Finally, a permanent emergency operations center at MOHSW is planned to serve as a location to receive calls and reports, to replace the current model of direct reporting of information to the scientific response section chairs and IM leadership.
Conclusion
MOHSW has readily adopted the concept of IMS during the early months of this response to align their national response structure with well-recognized emergency management principles. Clearly, the institution of an IMS in Liberia for the management of the Ebola response will be an evolutionary process, not only because the concepts are new to MOHSW, but because these concepts are also new to the other ministries with which MOHSW coordinates and to the political structure to which MOHSW reports. It is hoped that by instituting an organized response framework, which IMS provides, MOHSW will be able to more rapidly and effectively deal with the burgeoning Ebola outbreak in Liberia. The findings in this report might also be useful in other settings where IMS has not been used previously and is being considered for the first time.
References
What is already known on this topic? The ongoing Ebola virus disease (Ebola) outbreak in West Africa is the largest recorded outbreak in history, and the response to the outbreak involves numerous domestic and international partners. A clearly defined chain-of-command and organizational structure, effective resource management, and advanced planning are important aspects of an emergency response. An incident management system (IMS) is a standard tool based on these principles, and CDC has adapted IMS principles in managing numerous public health emergency responses. What is added by this report? During July and August 2014, the Liberian Ministry of Health and Social Welfare (MOHSW), in consultation with CDC, refined their response to the Ebola outbreak through the institution of an IMS. This system included the establishment of a dedicated incident manager responsible for defining the specific goals and objectives of the response; the creation of additional support staff positions to aid the logistical, administrative, and financial components of the response; and enhancement of the efficiency of incident management meetings. What are the implications for public health practice? IMS provides an organized response framework, which will allow MOHSW to more rapidly and effectively address the burgeoning Ebola outbreak. Additionally, the findings in this report might also be useful in other settings where IMS has not been used previously and is being considered for the first time for the management of public health emergencies.
FIGURE 1. Ministry of Health and Social Welfare Ebola response framework — Liberia, July 2014 Alternate Text: The figure above is an organizational chart showing the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare (MOHSW) Ebola response framework in Liberia during July 2014. MOHSW leadership recognized the organizational structure and overall response could be further optimized and sought to implement improvements with technical support from CDC.
“If what's always distinguished bad writing--flat characters, a narrative world that's clichéd and not recognizably human, etc.--is also a description of today's world, then bad writing becomes an ingenious mimesis of a bad world. If readers simply believe the world is stupid and shallow and mean, then [Bret] Ellis can write a mean shallow stupid novel that becomes a mordant deadpan commentary on the badness of everything. Look man, we'd probably most of us agree that these are dark times, and stupid ones, but do we need fiction that does nothing but dramatize how dark and stupid everything is? In dark times, the definition of good art would seem to be art that locates and applies CPR to those elements of what's human and magical that still live and glow despite the times' darkness. Really good fiction could have as dark a worldview as it wished, but it'd find a way both to depict this world and to illuminate the possibilities for being alive and human in it.
Postmodern irony and cynicism's become an end in itself, a measure of hip sophistication and literary savvy. Few artists dare to try to talk about ways of working toward redeeming what's wrong, because they'll look sentimental and naive to all the weary ironists. Irony's gone from liberating to enslaving. There's some great essay somewhere that has a line about irony being the song of the prisoner who's come to love his cage… The postmodern founders' patricidal work was great, but patricide produces orphans, and no amount of revelry can make up for the fact that writers my age have been literary orphans throughout our formative years.
We enter a spiritual puberty where we snap to the fact that the great transcendent horror is loneliness, excluded encagement in the self. Once we've hit this age, we will now give or take anything, wear any mask, to fit, be part-of, not be Alone, we young. The U.S. arts are our guide to inclusion. A how-to. We are shown how to fashion masks of ennui and jaded irony at a young age where the face is fictile enough to assume the shape of whatever it wears. And then it's stuck there, the weary cynicism that saves us from gooey sentiment and unsophisticated naïveté. Sentiment equals naïveté on this continent.
You burn with hunger for food that does not exist.
A U. S. of modern A. where the State is not a team or a code, but a sort of sloppy intersection of desires and fears, where the only public consensus a boy must surrender to is the acknowledged primacy of straight-line pursuing this flat and short-sighted idea of personal happiness.”
― David Foster Wallace
Vince Velasquez Is the Future of the Phillies
His fastball is his biggest weapon
Tim Jackson Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 4, 2017
CSN Philly
On April 7th, Vince Velasquez pitches the Phillies home opener. His electric talent makes him a lynch pin the team's plan to return to contention and his four-seam fastball could be the key. It's his best pitch and had the 12th best weighted value among pitchers who threw at least 130 innings last year. MLB's 5 Statcast Storylines for the team features him and the 27.4% swinging miss rate he got on it, tops in the league.
And oddly, even more than his dubious health, it could be his biggest obstacle to stardom.
Corinne Landrey at Crashburn Alley found that Velasquez was in the top 15 for overall fastball usage last year and top three in two-strike counts. Immediately, we could reason he threw it too much, even when acknowledging the rankings above. But it's worth noting how, exactly, it looked.
Statcast
380 of his 428 two strike fastballs were four-seamers. They accounted for 60% of his two strike pitches. It's not just that he threw a ton of heat when hitters had their backs against the wall. It's that he didn't use his secondary offerings to keep hitters honest.
K/9 Pitchers Rankings: Fangraphs | Pitch Usage: Statcast
The top 10 qualified pitchers by K/9 last year — and some of the best in the game — present various paths that can be taken with two strikes. The range between their most used and second most used pitches in those counts goes from 1.1% to 27.3%. The range for Velasquez screams from the page: 43.7%.
It might be easiest to think of this like kids on a seesaw. His four-seamer was like a particularly stout kid (maybe Billy Butler) and his curveball was like a particularly scrawny kid (say, Jose Altuve). The way he used these pitches in two strike counts didn't lend itself to a fluid, balanced approach during the most advantageous situations.
The problems Velasquez's fastball created were subtle because overall it was so good. Guys weren't driving it out of the park or putting up crooked numbers against it, but they were letting him wear himself out. While he got a whiff nearly 26% of the time in a two strike count when using his four-seamer, there was also better than a 2:1 chance the at-bat would continue because it was either fouled off or called a ball. The foul balls were a major reason he worked a ton of deep counts last year, and what made it through even six innings a coin flip all year.
There's a chance that could be due to where he was locating his heat, too.
Fangraphs
A look at his heatmaps on Fangraphs shows Velasquez hammered the zone with his four-seamer when behind (left). When ahead, as he would be with two strikes, he threw it higher (right). That generally good when thinking about sequencing, changing the eye level of hitters, and possibly the concept of having a pitch to spare.
But Velasquez's fastball is a riser — it averaged 9.75 inches of positive vertical movement last year, or about a full inch more than the league average. While the maps of different counts will show slightly different locations, the big picture suggests his four-seamer could have been easier to take when higher in the zone because hitters and umps alike perceived it was already up.
Landrey also found that Velasquez was beginning to favor his change-up toward the end of the year as a lead secondary offering. While that's positive, it's bizarre that it took so long to show up in the majors since it was lauded through the minor leagues. Right now, the opposition knows he's dynamic but can be worn down and sent out before the sixth inning. As he matures, he could become a force they genuinely dread.
Feet Hurt? Stop Wearing Shoes
toggle caption Khaled Desouki/AFP/Getty Images
It took 4 million years of evolution to perfect the foot, and humans have been wrecking that perfection with every step since they first donned shoes, New York magazine's Adam Sternbergh says.
"Everyone who wears shoes walks wrong," he says, echoing the headline of his recent article, "You Walk Wrong."
Sternbergh calls the ubiquity of footwear a "conspiracy of idiocy." He points out the probability that at no point did any shoemaker say, "Let's design something that works with your foot." In the Middle Ages, for example, people began wearing shoes with higher heels to avoid stepping in other people's excrement. Today, high heels are considered sexy. Whatever their reasons for wearing the shoes they wear, people don't usually consider whether a shoe actually works with their foot, he says.
The human foot works pretty well on its own, Sternbergh says, and it doesn't need a lifetime of help from shoes. He explains the basic illogic of footwear by comparing the concept to a perpetual cast. "Imagine if someone put a cast on your arm when you were 3 years old and you never took it off," he says. "Your arm would stop working. That's kind of what's happened with our feet."
Sternbergh cites a 1940s study of barefoot rickshaw drivers in India. Scientists found that the drivers had unusually healthy feet. Sternbergh says subsequent evidence supports the conclusion that feet don't need shoes.
Why are shoes on virtually every foot, then? Sternbergh says the rationale that most urban and suburban people use is that the ground is hard and our feet need the cushioning of footwear. "But in many places in the world, the ground is quite hard," he says. "[Our ancestors] were able to absorb the shock."
Sternbergh concedes that in most settings, some form of foot covering makes sense. "I'm not going to convince anyone to walk barefoot," he says, acknowledging that he continues to wear shoes as a bulwark against glass, grime and gross things.
He may still wear shoes, but Sternbergh has switched to a model from England called the Vivo Barefoot from the Clark shoe family. Galahad Clark, son of the inventor of the Wallabee — a particularly successful, if traditional, shoe — helped develop the Vivo Barefoot. Sternbergh says the shoe is basically a slipper with a Kevlar sole, to prevent puncturing.
"They kill your heels," he says. "A traditional shoe advocate would say you need to switch back to sneakers that have a big cushiony heel." But a barefoot-walking advocate would say, "You're walking wrong," Sternbergh says. He asked Clark for advice or instruction, but Clark said walking in the shoe is instinctual.
"You'll find that your walk starts to change," Sternbergh says. "You land on your heel, but it's a much softer landing. ... A traditional shoe with a lot of cushioning is designed to allow you to walk with the bad habits that you have because you've been wearing shoes all your life."
For those who cling to their typical footwear, Sternbergh is sympathetic. "Shoes perpetuate shoes," he says, referring to the cycle of coddled feet forever needing high-tech swaddling. "It's a classic self-perpetuating system."
The Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights gives special protections the rest of society doesn't get
There are times when a police agency needs to know if a law enforcement officer did something illegal, improper or flat out abusive.
One valuable tool for internal affairs investigators to get started at finding out what happened would be the power to question the suspected officer. Common sense, right?
But the strange fact is that this isn't allowed. Not in Florida, anyway. Hard to believe?
To protect officers from the possibility of unfair “third-degree questioning” at the hands of hostile superiors, Florida has what is called the Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights.
Ironic name, I think. The idea of the original Bill of Rights, the one that is part of the United States Constitution, is that we are all equals under the law. But officers have lobbied for and won additional rights that protect their jobs from their own administrators and colleagues.
There are needed and reasonable protections in there. After all, there have been cases of good cops being targeted with unfair discipline or firing by not-so-good administrators. But some rules created to prevent unjust firings and the like seem way too extreme.
For instance, a law officer under internal investigation must be told all the names of any complainants before being asked any questions. Those people must all be questioned first, along with all witnesses, including any fellow cops. And the suspected officer gets to see all their statements and any and all evidence before he or she is questioned.
What's with that?
I can't even imagine telling my boss I won't answer questions until all that has been done.
Of course, it greatly helps any accused officer who wants to fashion a lie that is hard to disprove. So, if our aim is to help cops get away with lying, that provision of their Bill of Rights is just the ticket.
I just learned of another bad feature of that document: It may scare cops into being secretive about evidence of possible police wrongdoing.
You may know the case that brought this to mind. During a recent court battle to get the city to release a night club security camera video that shows a Sarasota Police officer repeatedly punching a man during an arrest, no one told the judge — or even the city's own attorney — that police have a second video of the incident.
The reason given later: Those who knew feared that the mention of that video, even to a judge, would be a crime.
Huh? Really?
To those who think keeping evidence of possible police wrongdoing a secret is more like a crime, that claim seemed incredible. It sounds like a made-up dodge more than an actual fear. But maybe not. The police Bill of Rights rules cover a lot of ground.
One section says any participant in an internal investigation “who willfully discloses any information obtained pursuant to the agency's investigation” commits a first-degree misdemeanor.
I don't really believe revealing the existence of a security camera video showing what happened — especially to a judge or to the city's own attorney — would qualify as criminally disclosing information. But given the wording of that statute, who knows?
As City Commissioner Shannon Snyder — a former cop — says, the police officers' Bill of Rights is a good thing that may have gone too far. It needs tweaking, he said, if only because “it's sort of written vaguely.”
By the way, it is reasonable and proper that the punching officer's actions during that arrest are under investigation, and people certainly deserve to know that. But guess what? The rules say no one involved in the investigation can tell you that he is being investigated.
The idea of that rule is that cops may be falsely accused, you see. So, to be fair to them, everything should be kept under wraps until the investigation is complete. And that could take six months.
Meanwhile, if the same police officer arrests you on a split-second whim with slim evidence of any crime, knowing almost for certain that prosecutors will drop the charge, no secrecy is contemplated or even allowed.
You get taken to jail and strip searched and your horrible mug shot is publicly posted along with the accusation the officer made.
How fair is that?
Tom Lyons can be contacted at tom.lyons@heraldtribune.com or (941) 361-4964.
On the surface, interviewing candidates for a remote agency job is pretty similar to interviewing candidates for a traditional job: You're searching for qualified, reliable, and committed people who seem excited about your product and mission.
But in reality, the process is very different. Not only are you conducting everything over email, phone, and Skype (rather than holding in-person conversations), but you're looking for different characteristics as well.
Read on to learn exactly how to run a remote interviewing process for your agency.
Filter Out the Wrong Fits
According to career expert Alison Green, phone screens are an essential part of the interviewing process:
You can quickly eliminate people who aren't right in a 15 to 20-minute conversation rather than investing an hour in an in-person conversation
So, what should you be looking for in that quarter of an hour?
First, Green suggests asking about the major skills and experiences you're looking for. For example, if you're hiring an inbound marketing freelancer, you might say, “Can you describe an SEO optimization project you've done for a client? What were the results?”
Next, you should identify any logistical dealbreakers, Green says. That includes rates, start date, availability, and so on. (If you're hiring a freelancer, note that the best freelancers are often pretty busy—make sure they have enough room on their plate for your projects.)
Throughout the conversation, note how professional, courteous, and easy-to-work-with the person seems. If he or she seems like a bad personality fit, you probably don't want to move forward.
Pay Attention to Communication Skills
How people act before the interview is almost as important as how they act in the interview. After all, candidates are usually a little less “on” during this process, which gives you valuable insight into what they'll truly be like to work with.
Zapier CEO Wade Foster recommends paying attention to the candidate's communication skills:
Effective communication is so key in a remote position that these little things are a sign of a person who might be a great fit
Here's what he suggests you should look for specifically:
If they can't make the interview time you suggested, do they suggest alternatives?
Do they send calendar invites?
Do they provide times for your location, in addition to their own?
Do they offer a couple different options for speaking, such as Skype, Google Hangouts, UberConference, etc.?
Even if you're interviewing freelancers and contractors, don't brush off any signs someone can't communicate well. The best freelance relationships are long-term—so being a great communicator could impact many future projects.
Run an Effective Interview
A lot of work goes into planning the optimal interview. However, it's more time-consuming than hiring someone and then finding out he or she is the wrong fit.
Pick a Solid App
Although Skype and Google Hangouts are the most well-known video conferencing tools, they're not ideal for interviews. After all, both are fairly unreliable—and during an interview is a less-than-ideal time to have technological difficulties.
If you're looking for some alternatives, try appear.in, GoToMeeting, or Zoom.
GoToMeeting and Zoom both offer recording features. You may want to record your interviews: This will not only let you review the conversation later, it'll also tell you how receptive people are to being recorded. That's key for employers planning on using time-tracking software.
Look for These Fundamental Qualities
By the end of the interview process, there are a couple high-level things you'll want to figure out:
Is this person highly disciplined and self-motivated?
Is this person a good collaborator?
Simultaneously, can this person work autonomously when needed?
Is this person a strong communicator?
Is this person receptive to feedback?
It's not like these traits aren't important in traditional employees, but according to leaders of the most successful remote companies, they're essential for virtual workers.
Nathan Curtis, principal and founder of EightShapes, explains that his agency hired one stellar candidate who did a great job during the interviews—but ended up not being a fit with the remote team structure.
“Don't waste time with candidates who can't work in the environment,” he concludes.
Ask the Right Interview Questions for Remote Workers
Now that you know the qualities you should be looking for, here are various questions that'll help you test for those qualities in candidates.
Is this person highly disciplined and self-motivated?
Have you ever worked remotely before?
If a candidate already has telecommuting experience, she's a safer bet than someone who doesn't know first-hand what to expect and hasn't developed her own best practices.
However, if the person doesn't have previous remote experience, by no means is she out of the running! Follow up with this question:
What makes you confident you'll thrive in a remote environment?
If the candidate says something along the lines of, “I'm very productive, and I don't need a ton of oversight,” or “I do my best work when I'm head-down and completely focused,” that's a good sign.
If, however, she says something like, “Well, I love coming into work every day, but we're moving and I can't find a marketing job in my new town,” probably not a good sign.
How do you stay on track with your tasks?
You're looking for signs this person is efficient and driven. If he has an elaborate time and project management system set up, he almost certainly fits the bill.
Here's an optimal answer:
“Well, I use Trello to organize all of my long-term projects: each one gets a board, and within that board I have cards for the smaller or one-time tasks. I use Toodledo to manage my personal to-do list, and I rely on Sunrise to keep track of all my meetings, calls, and other obligations.”
Is this person a good collaborator?
What do you like about team settings?
Remote workers tend to prefer solo work. Nonetheless, they still need to work with their teammates, so they should be able to appreciate the experience.
If a team member isn't pulling his or her weight, how would you react?
There is no “right answer” to this one: you're just looking for insight into the candidate's approach to conflict.
Can this person work autonomously when needed?
You're hit with a massive problem, but none of your other team members are online. What do you do?
This scenario is all too common when you're working with people across the world. If the interviewee is a good candidate for remote work, here's how she'll probably respond:
“I'll assess the problem to see what I can handle on my own—and I'll do that immediately. Next, I'll send a message to all of my teammates letting them know what's happening and the steps I took to resolve the issue. If it can wait till they log on, I'd probably use email or Slack. However, if it's extremely urgent, I'd send them a text.”
When working on a project with someone else, would you rather split it into equal portions and do your half independently, or do 100% of the work in sync?
Both styles are equally valid, but for remote teams, most projects will look more like the former.
Tell me about a project that you completed on your own (whether it was at work, in your personal life, or at school).
Candidates should be able to come up with an example fairly easily. Even if their former roles haven't involved lots of independent work, many people who succeed in remote work naturally start their own side projects or gigs.
Is this person a strong communicator?
If you needed to have a difficult conversation with a coworker, which tool would you use? What about if you wanted to quickly check on the status of a task?
Remote teams use a blend of tools to communicate, and knowing which tool to use for which situation is pretty important. Difficult conversations, for example, are best done over Skype, since the other person's facial expressions, gestures, and tone of voice will cut down on miscommunication. Ordinary check-ins, on the other hand, are best for email or chat apps, where they can be referenced later.
How do you avoid miscommunication?
The best virtual workers actively try to ensure their messages are taken the right way. After all, when so much discussion happens online, the potential for misinterpretation is huge. Candidates might say they rely on gifs and emojis to show the right tone, or that they always provide context for their messages.
Is this person receptive to feedback?
What's the best feedback you've ever gotten, and why was it so good?
Most people will interpret “best” as “flattering,” which means you'll hear about situations in which their boss, client, or customer loved their work. However, a few people will take “best” to mean “helpful”—in which case, they'll talk about constructive criticism that impacted their work in a positive way.
While both types of answers are fine, the second type is better for remote positions.
Have you ever gotten harsh feedback when you weren't expecting it? How did you react?
With this question, you can figure out how well the candidate takes in negative comments. If he or she says, “I ignored the feedback because it was off-base,” that's a red flag. Yet if the person responds, “I was a little shocked at first, but then I realized the criticism was valid—So I made X changes,” then they're almost certainly a good fit (in this aspect, at least).
Giving a Test Project
Marcus Blankenship, a consultant who previously founded a web design agency, advises that you give potential hires test projects before bringing them on board. The results will tell you if you like their work process and if they're a good fit for the team.
Many remote agencies incorporate test projects into their hiring funnel as well, whether they're searching for freelancers or full-time employees.
As Sparkhire writer Josh Tolan recommends, make sure the project is tied to the role's core functionality.
For software developer interviews, design, writing, and marketing jobs, it might be easy to develop projects, but for customer support, sales, administrative, and other positions, you might need to get a little more creative.
Try thinking of the tasks this person would ideally handle every day and create a project based on one of them. For instance, if you were hiring a virtual assistant for your remote staffing firm, you could ask them to answer some sample emails and organize an expense report.
Moving to the Final Stages
If you're hiring a freelancer or contractor, getting buy-in from the rest of your team probably isn't critical. However, if you're hiring a full-time member, you should probably ask the various stakeholders on your team what they think.
(Hint: this is easier if you recorded the interview, so you can send it to anyone who didn't participate on the call.)
Getting a consensus is pretty important, as Toggl CEO Alari Aho points out. It's better to leave a position open than hire the wrong person, take up valuable resources onboarding and training them, firing them, and starting over with the search process.
Now that you've made a decision, you'll need to onboard your new workers. Check out the 5 elements of a great onboarding process. And if you need help with finding employees to work with, check out these great websites.
For fans of Pacific Rim, here's something to be thankful for as we head into the holiday: Guillermo del Toro has started talking specifics about the follow-up to his 2013 giant-robots-versus-giant-monsters movie, including who'll definitely return — and what will be missing, at least to begin with.
“It's not an immediate follow-up,” the director told Collider about the second movie, which will take place a number of years after the first. “It is the world having been freed of Kaiju, what happens to the world after — what happens to the Jaeger technology once the Kaiju are not a threat. It's quite a jump.”
Does that mean bad news for those who wanted more giant monsters attacking urban centers? Apparently not; later in the same interview, del Toro made a comment that “the Kaijus are very different” in the new movie, so apparently they're coming back at some point. Anyway, there's always the newly-reactivated Godzilla franchise for that after this summer to tide you over.
Even more excitingly, del Toro did have some good news to share: more wacky scientist adventures.
“I think that two of our main characters like in the first one are Burn [Gorman] and Charlie [Day],” he said, referring to the actors who played Dr. Hermann Gottlieb and Dr. Newton Geiszler, respectively. “They are really, really — I mean, honestly, they are probably the guys I have the most fun writing along with Hannibal Chau [Ron Perlman's black market dealer] so just from a purely selfish drive, I like writing them.”
Pacific Rim 2, which del Toro will direct, is scheduled for an April 7, 2017 release. Until then, wonder if Charlie Hunnam and Rinko Kikuchi will show up this time around.
Read more Pacific Rim 2' Gets Release Date
Buy Photo No injuries were reported after an early-morning explosion demolished a vacant rental home on Detroit's west side Friday, May 26. (Photo: The Detroit News / Leonard N. Fleming)Buy Photo
Detroit — Authorities are investigating the cause of an overnight explosion of a vacant home on the city's far west side.
No one was injured in the 6800 block of Evergreen near Warren when around 3 a.m. neighbors heard a loud boom. By daylight, house debris was strewn on the sidewalk and into the yards of two homes — one occupied and another vacant — that were also damaged.
“Yeah, I heard it, about 3 this morning,” said Duane Moore, 53, who lives on the same block. “It was a BOOM, and I was like, what the heck was that?”
Moore said a single mother with three children moved out of the home three weeks ago in a neighborhood that feels the pinch of urban blight, with some visible vacant homes.
Debra Moore, 60, who lives across the street near the corner, didn't hear the explosion but was startled when she saw a news truck in front of her home.
“I haven't heard nothing,” she said. “I slept hard. I'm like ‘Oh my God.' We've never had nothing like this on this street, never. Never. I'm so glad nobody got injured.”
The furnace was stolen in the basement of the home at some point when the prior tenant left, fire officials said. That is believed to have led to an open gas line which eventually ignited.
lfleming@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2s2Lwlq
PANGUITCH — A tornado touched down as storms swept across Southern Utah Friday afternoon, according to the National Weather Service.
Officials at the NWS said they estimated that the tornado touched down about approximately 1:30 p.m.
The tornado was reported near Highway 12 between Bryce Canyon and Red Canyon in Garfield County.
Panguitch tornado touching down between Bryce Canyon and Red Canyon along Hwy 12. Photo taken by Ryan Fisher. #utwxpic.twitter.com/RDW5R0nKsV — NWS Salt Lake City (@NWSSaltLakeCity) August 26, 2016
A funnel cloud formed about 6 miles south of Panguitch at about 1:20 p.m., according to Garfield County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Cheryl Church.
Church said no injuries or damage have been reported.
Though tornadoes aren't completely uncommon to Utah, they are rare to Garfield County. According to the NWS, the tornado is just the second tornado reported in Garfield County since 1950. The other was reported in 2000.
KSL meteorologist Kevin Eubank said, on average, two to three tornadoes are reported in Utah each year.
Panguitch resident Tim Marshall said he saw the funnel cloud forming during a storm that passed the area.
"I've lived here most of my life — I've never seen anything like that here," he said.
Contributing: Keira Farrimond, Kevin Eubank
KSL viewer sent this video of a funnel cloud touching down between Bryce Canyon & Red Canyon along Hwy 12. #utwxpic.twitter.com/qATTdyXkwP — KSL 5 TV (@KSL5TV) August 26, 2016
Though rare, cyclonic activity can occur at high elevation. Stan & Rose Caparrell took these 2 mi West of us today. pic.twitter.com/oqV0zvFNFe — Bryce Canyon NP (@BryceCanyonNPS) August 26, 2016
×
Photos
Zoya is a historian and journalist of games and playful art. He is the founder and Editor-in-Chief of Memory Insufficient, and a consultant at Silverstring Media.
Idle games are games that you don't play: or rather, the form of play is managerial rather than physical. In a talk at the Game Developer's Conference this year, Pecorella identified Progress Quest (2002) as one of the earliest idle games: a satirical project, Progress Quest was an RPG that played itself: the player set up a character, and the game would run automatically, levelling the character up and collecting loot until the final boss was defeated. The message was that most RPGs were so predictable that they could be entirely mechanised: the position of the human in the loop was not meaningful.
Other idle games since then have made similar statements about other genres of game, other forms of labour, and capitalism more generally. They simulate inescapable systems in which the player is just a tiny agent, at best able to fiddle with the numbers to make the system generate a little more value, at worst just a passive observer to something over which they have no control. This apparent hostility to player agency contradicts the orthodoxy that the thing that makes games special is their interactivity, but idle games are growing in popularity — as artistic statements about the lack of control we have in our own lives, and as enjoyable games in their own right.
While early idle games ran on the PC, more and more of them are being released as mobile apps. Most idle games invite (but do not require) a small amount of interaction once a day or so: players log in, harvest a resource, invest that resource in something that will boost yield, and then log out again — but by design, all idle games will run with no player action whatsoever. The difference between optimisation and total inaction is not whether or not you reach a particular target, but how quickly: and as with all online games, designers carefully balance the game so that the pace of player progress is predictable and controlled.
Idle games have continued to be primarily counter-cultural parodies of capitalism and games culture to this day (one of 2014's most notable titles was called Adventure Capitalist) while also being a newfound commercial interest for Kongregate, the gaming platform for whom Pecorella works as a monetisation expert. Kongregate is interested in idle games because they rank highly on “retention”, a key performance indicator for free-to-play games — players of idle games are among the most likely to return to the site regularly over a period of weeks or even months.
This genre therefore seems to have a remarkably ambivalent relationship to capital. On the one hand, the content of these games is critical of capitalism and mainstream games culture, highlighting a sense of ennui with systems that seem to keep turning inevitably, regardless of the actions of the individual. On the other hand, players' fascination with the spectacle of watching the system turn and desire for optimisation generates two things that are extremely valuable to Kongregate: long-term attention that they can sell to advertisers, and a hunger for accelerated progress that is satisfied through the sale of virtual goods that temporarily provide a boost to the system's yield.
Narrative idle play ten years earlier
This managerial, labour-free style of play was central to an earlier form of game design tried in the avatar game Sora, lauched in 2003 and largely forgotten to history. The main difference between Sora and present-day idle games was that the gameplay loop was focused more on story beats than harvesting and spending resources. Founder of developer Tomo Software Rich LaBarca explained the basic concept to me in an interview last year:
“The idea was that you helped define a character with different traits, which were modified by items you configured it with — clothes, accessories, etc. And you'd make some decisions, like “go meet with X” or “go to the cafe” or “go swimming,” then leave it. And when you came back, it would have had meaningful interactions with other player characters on the server, and would keep a journal, and would have new messages and items, etc.
Within a couple of years, Sora had been repurposed into an advertising server, a more lucrative application of its core technology, which was built to quickly serve images to users with minimal storage on the device itself. There seems to have been little written on Sora from a gameplay perspective — most of the coverage that has survived focuses on the technology and Tomo software's value to investors. Mobile games were not yet a topic of significant discussion in the games press: Pocketgamer, a site dedicated to mobile games, wasn't founded until after Sora closed.
A possible future for idleness
One of the writers for Sora, Jennifer Hepler, has become well known for some forward-thinking comments that she made in an interview in 2006, just after Sora was shut down. She had expressed her own displeasure at gaming's emphasis on wading through sustained, intense, repetitive gameplay in order to reach story beats, and suggested an alternative that would allow more people to enjoy story-driven games with RPG elements, such as those made at Bioware, where she worked for some time:
“Games almost always include a way to ‘button through' dialogue without paying attention, because they understand that some players don't enjoy listening to dialogue and they don't want to stop their fun. Yet they persist in practically coming into your living room and forcing you to play through the combats even if you're a player who only enjoys the dialogue. In a game with sufficient story to be interesting without the fighting, there is no reason on earth that you can't have a little button at the corner of the screen that you can click to skip to the end of the fighting.” (read more)
The idle game format seems remarkably well-suited to implementing Hepler's suggested feature of a “skip combat” button, and even resolves a problem she identified regarding resource management and character progression — giving the player a minimal level of growth without requiring sustained interaction, but allowing for optimisation through careful management and grinding. Pecorella's GDC talk even proposed implementing ‘idle mode' in games that are otherwise centred on puzzles or combat.
At first blush, and according to many game design theories, the problem with skipping combat seems to be that it's not engaging enough — that there is not enough interaction happening, and players will be turned off. But the example of idle games suggests that, counter-intuitively, systems that turn without you can generate their own kind of pleasure, as well as being harmonious with a range of business models. It could even prove to be the most significant development in game design to happen this decade.
I livetweeted this talk at the time. Some examples: “I say parody a lot when discussing idle games. It's a genre that almost didn't want itself to exist.” More in this Storify ×
For thirty years, I've helped people fight for health care.
In one of my proudest moments, I worked with people in small towns across Idaho to expand Medicaid for children. So I've seen what people can accomplish when we demand that elected representatives do the right thing.
Together, we can save lives.
We need to show that power now more than ever, as Congress considers legislation that would strip coverage from millions of people. Those of us who live in small towns and rural communities have the most to lose — and the greatest reason to fight.
The repeal bill passed by the House will push 23 million people off their coverage, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Pre-existing condition protections will be tossed out the window, too.
This health repeal isn't just about the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare. It also rips the entire Medicaid program to shreds.
The House bill cuts Medicaid by $834 billion over the next decade, just to shovel more tax giveaways to corporations and the ultra-rich. That's going to hit rural communities and small towns especially hard.
Medicaid goes by lots of different names. In your state, it might be called Apple Health (in Washington State), SoonerCare (in Oklahoma), or Healthy Louisiana — or just plain Medicaid or Medical Assistance.
No matter what the program is called where you live, if you're enrolled in Medicaid, your health care is at risk.
And even if you don't use Medicaid, taking it away from 14 million people, as this bill will do, is going to devastate small communities, where Medicaid is a lifeline for rural health facilities and a source of good jobs. Rationing it will throw rural hospitals and nursing homes into a financial tailspin.
It will toss kids and their parents off coverage. It will pull the rug out from seniors and people with disabilities who live independently thanks to Medicaid. It will take dollars from the Indian Health Service when IHS is already woefully underfunded.
The politicians who support the Republican health care repeal know that many of us are outraged, so they're swearing up and down that it won't hurt ordinary people at all. That's a lie, plain and simple.
The truth is that they want to ration our Medicaid to funnel more than $600 billion in tax giveaways to corporations and the ultra-rich, as the Joint Committee on Taxation makes clear.
The truth is that they want to destroy Medicaid — not just its expansion under the Affordable Care Act, but the whole Medicaid program that's been in place since 1965. By capping its funding, they will end the federal government's guarantee of funding our care according to how much we need and use.
The truth is that protections for pre-existing conditions will go right out the window in many states. An older person with limited income could see premiums go up by 850 percent.
The truth is that the vast majority of people support Medicaid. The program matters to people across the political spectrum, with 51 percent of President Trump's supporters saying it's important to them and their families, according to a Kaiser tracking poll.
The truth is that cuts to Medicaid are also deeply unpopular across the political spectrum. Almost three quarters of voters (74 percent, Quinnipiac reports) oppose cuts to Medicaid, including more than half of Republicans.
No wonder thousands of people are now calling their senators to tell them they know the truth about Medicaid and health care repeal — and they aren't going to stand for Congress cutting the program, capping it, or taking health care away from a single person in their communities.
REQUIRE
I'm only going to say this once. This article is for real.So. A few weeks ago I helped write and act in a Hardly Working called " BangBus ." If you haven't seen it, it's not entirely important. What is important is that it somehow was seen by the guys who created BangBus- the BangBros. I'm guessing, since you're on our website, the chances are that you're a male between the ages of 18 and 34, and so are entirely familiar with the BangBros and all their enterprises. If you're not, it's porn.What you may not know is that I have been an avid BangBros fan ever since I was old enough to realize how easy it was to steal my father's credit card number. Those of you who have watched the past CH All Nighters have witnessed my near encyclopedic knowledge about any and all things BangBros related. We can all name drop the Jayden James's and the Carmella Bings of the online porn world, but how many of you guys know Ellie Idol? I'm not proud, nor am I ashamed of my gift. I'm just saying, I know my sh*t. So when the BangBros guys emailed us saying they saw the video, I was happily surprised to say the very least. And being such a big fan of what they do, I wanted to give them something back.Which brings me to my point. I hope you can understand and share my excitement when I say this: The BangBros are hiring. Not Fluffers either. They're hiring for real actual positions. I almost didn't want to write this article. I wanted to fly down to Miami. I wanted to make a new life as their Entertainment Manager, a position where part of your dutiesyou to take gorgeous women to the best bars around Miami. A position that, like these porn stars themselves, is waiting to be filled.The BangBros are looking to hire educated, driven people for the following positions: Wardrobe Manager, Image Oversight/Quality Control, Website Manager, Junior Advertising Buyers, Production Office Manager, Computer Programmers, Web Designers, Entertainment Manager and the guy who cleans off Preston's dick.*After everything the BangBros have given me, writing this article and hoping that in some small way I can repay them has truly been an honor. If you think you might be good for one of these positions you can send a cover letter and resume to bangbrosjobs@gmail.com*That last one's a joke.PS- Ellie, if you're reading this. You're beautiful.
Drift bottle experiment started near Fiji ends on NSW mid north coast
Posted
A young boy on a New South Wales beach has found a message in a bottle that was dropped into the Pacific Ocean more than 4,000 kilometres away, by an American college student on a research trip.
Tristan Scilinato, 9, from Kempsey West Public School, said he had been walking on Hungry Head beach south of Coffs Harbour when he found the bottle in the sand.
He said it had been an exciting find.
"We picked it up and we looked inside it and there was the message," he said.
"So we took it home and we opened it with a cork opener because it was really hard to open. Then we got it out of the bottle and we started reading it.
"It was from a girl called Sadie Parsons from California. She dropped it off between Fiji and New Zealand."
Bottle launched on Halloween in 2015
Ms Parsons, who was studying climate change and its effect on island people, dropped the bottle overboard on October 31, 2015.
She wrote, "I threw this bottle over the Robert C Seamans school ship as a drift bottle experiment.
"We started our journey from American Samoa to Wallis and Futuna then Fiji, and we are now headed to New Zealand.
"If you find this note please contact me. I'm very excited to hear from you."
Ms Parsons ended the note with "Happy Halloween, October 21, 2015."
She said she had been amazed when she got an email saying the bottle had been found.
"We studied components of climate change and sea level rise, different things like that," she said.
"Actually it was the captain's idea for the 23 students to throw bottles overboard.
"So after we were leaving Fiji I said, you know what, I think this is my time.
"I wrote a letter, put it in the bottle, put a cork on top and then we just threw it over.
"I never thought I'd see it again or even know that anybody found it."
Riding in on East Australian Current
Professor of oceanography at the Coffs Harbour-based National Marine Science Centre, Isaac Santos, said it is not surprising the bottle ended up where it did.
"The South Pacific Ocean has something we call a gyre," he said.
"Essentially the water is just going around and around in a counter-clockwise direction.
"So that brings warm waters south from the tropics to along the Australian coastline.
"Part of that circulation pattern is related to the East Australian Current (EAC).
"Near Coffs Harbour the continental shelf is very narrow and the EAC is very close to the land
"That makes it very easy for a little bit of a sea breeze to blow floating debris to our beaches."
Small project highlights big problem
Professor Santos said it was a big adventure for the bottle and Tristan, but there was a more serious side.
"Debris can be a serious problem for marine life. We have a massive pollution problem all over the planet," he said.
"Usually the floating debris accumulates right in the middle of the ocean.
"But occasionally something manages to escape through ocean circulation and reach the shoreline.
"In this case because somebody wrote a message, we know where the bottle came from.
"But most of the time it's very hard to figure out."
Professor Santos said the Coffs Harbour region picked up more marine debris than places further north, such as Queensland's Gold Coast.
"That's because up there the continental shelf is much broader, and you need stronger winds to transport floating debris to the beach," he said.
Topics: environment, science-and-technology, regional, coffs-harbour-2450, port-macquarie-2444
Illustration by Gabriel Sanchez Rand Paul illustration
In a brief but wide-ranging talk Tuesday morning before Lexington's business community, U.S. Sen. Rand Paul railed against federal debt and regulations while warning against what he called “the politics of envy.”
The 53-year-old Republican from Bowling Green made scant mention of his campaign to retain the seat he has held since 2011 or his Democratic challenger on the Nov. 8 ballot -- Lexington Mayor Jim Gray -- during his speech and brief question-and-answer session before a breakfast crowd as part of Commerce Lexington's public policy series. (See Business Lexington's coverage of Gray's appearance here: http://smileypete.com/business/gray-presses-long-shot-senate-bid-before-city-s-business-lea/)
“The biggest problem we still face is our debt,” Paul said. “Adm. (Mike) Mullen said the biggest threat to our national security is actually our debt. I believe that's true.”
Paul said he continues to fight for smaller government and fewer regulations, which he says hurt business and economic growth.
Paul mixed Christian doctrine, economic philosophy and political psychology in a critique of mostly Democratic calls for higher taxes on the rich.
“Do we not understand that coveting our neighbor's property isn't a good feeling, isn't something that's good for us?” Paul said. “What we should be spreading is, is this gospel of hope to every young kid out there: that you could be Bill Gates, you could be a success if you work hard in school. But it shouldn't be this philosophy of, your neighbor has three cars, send the government to take one of their cars from them. The politics of envy are not a good thing.”
But Paul's talk before the business group strayed far beyond economic policy issues, including a discursive introductory anecdote about legendary Kentucky statesman Henry Clay that ran for several minutes.
Paul also took a couple of shots at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, whom Paul pledged to support after abandoning his own bid for the GOP's nomination. Paul criticized the New York real estate mogul and reality TV star for getting “sidetracked” over questions about whether he supported the first Iraq War.
Paul's assessment -- offered twice -- on what Trump needs to do going forward was more blunt: “Stop talking about Miss Universe,” he said, referring to candidate's divisive statements and tweets about former beauty pageant contestant Alicia Machado.
The bulk of Paul's talk touched on topics as diverse as Kentucky's heroin problem, the sale of armaments to Saudia Arabia, Congress's role in declaring war, terrorism, surveillance and the limits of foreign intervention.
“We're not learning the lessons of unintended consequences,” he said of the latter.
Separately, Paul and Gray agreed Tuesday to debate Halloween night at 8 p.m. on KET.
The Guardian used their headline spot on the Wednesday on-line edition to unironically highlight the frighteningly racist opinions of London's ethnic minority youth.
Brimming with resentment, racism and class envy, the article published excerpts from a new documentary accompanying a forthcoming immersive theatre project at London's Roundhouse. Created by the same team behind Glastonbury festival's politically charged Block 9 area, the interviews revolve around the experience of living in London for young and very clearly misanthropic men.
Self-identified “black person” Sam is the first excerpt – and he is very angry about white people jogging around his estate in Kings Cross. Sam is clearly a very territorial young man – making quite clear that he considers the estate his own and that interlopers from other ethnic groups are not at all welcome, least of all white middle class people, he explains: “At like 8pm, I looked to the side and I saw 60 white people, all who looked between the ages of 24 and 32, all smiling. Half of them were wearing matching red T-shirts with a slogan on it. There were two leaders at the front … and it was the scariest thing I'd ever seen in my entire life.
“It was like they were sending a squad to go and scout the area – like before the Death Star arrives or something. It was absolutely frightening, so weird to see them, all smiling and happy. They looked like they all had jobs in like PR companies and were really successful”.
After complaining about the graffiti and neglect his estate apparently suffered from, Sam immediately moved to condemn efforts to improve the area: “On the other side of the estate, there's a big sign with a middle-class white lady in a nice dress, which says: “Maiden Lane: a place for everyone”, when the whole point of social housing is that it's for the poorest people. “A place for everyone”? That's fucking ridiculous.
“And the reason I was so afraid when the runners came through is because I know the higher rents come with them. I know I won't be able to afford my own area because those people are jogging through it”.
So far, so Guardian. Next up is confused Kadir, who eloquently justifies his thieving habit on the proclivity of successful people to have nice things. Walking to school past the elegant town houses of Hampstead and visiting his friends in the same four storey villas “encouraged a mentality of robbing”, he claims. “You'd see these people, who were just so timid. You'd think: “He's got the newest Nokia that his Mum's just bought for him, so let me have that.' And you'd know they'd just say ‘take it', because they can just get a new one. But I could sell it and hopefully save money for my own phone, or spend it on drugs or something”.
So there you go, white people. Don't be shocked when London's ethnic minorities (well, majority actually) hate you, or steal your stuff. It's just your conspicuous whiteness – your matching crossfit T-shirts, new mobile phones, and menacing happiness. And don't even think about moving to an area where rents aren't so astronomically high they don't consume your entire income. You're not welcome.
Read More Racist Rubbish From the Guardian: White People Are Annoying!
Today I finally made it to the Winter Festival. As I walked past the food stands, towards big open space with the cheerful music and the colourful crowd, I finally felt it. “I'm home.”
In Shang Simla they don't believe in coffee. They drink this horrible tea I couldn't get used to even after a year. Just for me they got some coffee from time to time though, but it wasn't like over here: coffee is like water, it's like it's flowing from the taps too. So of course the first thing I did was to make sure I have a latte.
I made my way to the ice rink, the warmth of the paper cup tingling on my fingers. My eyes caught a familiar form, spinning on the ice in sync with the upbeat music.
Ben.
“Abbie! I didn't know you are back!”
I nearly dropped my coffee when I felt a hand fall on my shoulder. I spun around, heart about to jump out of my chest, and found myself standing only a step away from Hailey. She looked pregnant. Apparently some things don't change.
“Oh, hi, Hailey. You scared the living daylights out of me”, a nervous giggle escaped my mouth.
“I see you met Gavin's girlfriend.”
“Gavin's… who?”, I asked with a tone that indicates I don't really want an answer. The last person I wanted to talk to was Hailey, and Gavin and I broke up over a year ago. But I guess this is what happens when you move to a new country. Your life goes on, but for the people you left behind you are still just the girl who broke up with Gavin. They will pick up your life where you left it.
“Bettina, the girl at the coffee kiosk”, she nodded towards the blond girl who served me. “If I were you I wouldn't drink that. Maybe she poisoned it.” Hailey seemed greatly amused by her own funniness.
I doubt Gavin even told her about me. But I dropped my coffee in the nearest bin nevertheless. I wanted to escape, but Hailey just followed me around, telling me things I didn't want to hear and asking me questions I didn't want to answer.
“So, have you found someone over there? Maybe you secretly got married?” Another weird chuckle.
“No, Hailey, nothing like that happened. I was there to work.” I was pretty exasperated and wanted her to stop grilling me, so I did the only thing I knew will focus her attention on something else. “How are things with you?”, I asked her.
“Well…”, she said and started rubbing her hands up and down on her swollen belly. “Me and Ben are expecting our third one. It's amazing, Abbie, you should try. I'm sure you wouldn't be such a sour face if you had a baby to brighten you days, and a loving man to take care of you.”
I just rolled my eyes. There's no point to argue with Hailey. She firmly believes that no woman can be ever complete or experience true love without popping out a bunch of kids, while some undefined manly entity silently slaves away in the background to provide money for his lovely family. I really wanted to put an end to this conversation, so I think I was a bit more snarky than usual when I said “So I take it you two got married while I was away.”
There was a flicker of annoyance on her face. It passed as quickly as appeared, and that sickly sweet smile was back almost immediately.
“Well, no, we haven't. You know, Ben wants to focus on his business career, which is understandable, he would only want the best for us, and he's expecting a promotion any day now, and then we will of course get married, I already picked the flower arrangements. You have to come, Abbie, it will be amazing…” she was rambling. I obviously touched on some nerve. I know it's probably wrong, but man, I was pleased with myself. She was still going on about her wedding when I patted her on the shoulder, wished her good luck, and walked away.
It was noon and I wanted to find Alani. She said she will meet me for lunch. I was busy fiddling with my phone and almost ran into Ben. Literally.
“Hey, Abbie! I knew I saw you earlier”, he said with a big smile, and grabbed my hands, holding me at arms length, looking me all over. “You look absolutely stunning as always.”
“Ben…”, I blushed a bit. “It's lovely to see you. How are you?”
“You know, same old, same old…”, he waved a hand in front of his face, like he was dismissing even the idea of anything interesting ever could happen to him.
“I met Hailey.”
“Oh…”, he said, shoulders sagging. “Well, then I guess you already heard the news.” He looked defeated. Not exactly the look you would expect to see on the excited father to be.
“Yes, so I suppose congratulations are in order”, I said and squeezed his hands, trying to seem enthusiastic. “I'm sure it will be a beautiful ceremony, but I don't think I should go. It would be weird.”
“The what? I'm sorry, I don't… understand”, he looked dumbfounded.
“Your wedding? You know, after your promotion..”, I was so confused. Ben squirmed uncomfortably, like he just wanted to disappear, go up in a puff of smoke and stop existing.
“Listen”, he said. “I better go now, but I'd love to catch up with you really soon.” He left, nearly running.
I finally found Alani and told her about my earlier encounters over a burger. She slapped her forehead and let out a grunt.
“My little sister is so stupid. She always had her ways, even when we were children. This is why I can't stand her.” Then she told me how Hailey and Ben almost broke up soon after I left. Apparently Ben spent most of his time at work, leaving Hailey to deal with their two kids alone. Then one night, during last winter Hailey called Alani, crying, telling her she thinks Ben doesn't love her anymore and is probably going to leave her. Alani tried to explain to her sister, that sometimes this is for the best, and that she's still young enough to find someone else. But the next thing she heard a few weeks later were the news of Hailey's pregnancy. Apparently there were some complications, and because of her delicate condition she was not able to work. So Ben, the always so caring and loyal Ben, buried himself in his work to take care of the mother of his children, like any man with a good sense would.
“Why didn't you tell me this earlier?”, I asked, throwing my arms up in the air. Alani looked at me like I was slow in the mental department.
“What would you have done? You were there for a year. Life hasn't stopped just because you left. I also had a feeling that the main reason you took that assignment was to get away from all the drama”, she said, squeezing my hand.
“You are not entirely wrong about that”, I admitted.
Advertisements
In his first four months in office, President Donald Trump has shaken America's democratic foundations at home and abandoned a powerful bipartisan commitment to human rights. Seemingly forgotten is the legacy of Ronald Reagan, who, in his first Inaugural Address, pledged that America would “be the exemplar of freedom and a beacon of hope” for oppressed populations around the world.
Trump seems indifferent to, and at times disdainful of, this deeply rooted global commitment. He begs off mentioning human rights publicly, as he did on Sunday, in Riyadh, where he spoke to Arab and Muslim leaders from around the world. “We are not here to lecture,” he said. “We are not here to tell other people how to live, what to do, who to be, or how to worship. Instead, we are here to offer partnership—based on shared interests and values—to pursue a better future for us all.”
But Trump has developed a habit of embracing those whose values are antithetical to our own. He repeatedly expresses admiration for the Russian President, Vladimir Putin. “I do respect him,” Trump told Bill O'Reilly, in February. “But he's a killer,” O'Reilly said. “There are a lot of killers,” Trump replied. “We've got a lot of killers. What, do you think our country's so innocent?”
In early April, Trump welcomed to the White House the Egyptian President, Abdel Fattah El-Sisi, a leader who has locked up tens of thousands of his political opponents, decimated the human-rights community, and severely undermined Egypt's democratic institutions. In their Oval Office meeting, Trump enthusiastically embraced Sisi, calling him “somebody that's been very close to me from the first time I met him.”
In late April, Trump reached out to Rodrigo Duterte, the mercurial leader of the Philippines, who has invoked Hitler's mass extermination of Jews as a model for how he would like to dispose of drug dealers and addicts. In what White House aides called a “very friendly conversation,” Trump congratulated Duterte for doing “ an unbelievable job on the drug problem,” and invited him to visit.
And, last month, Trump called President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, of Turkey, to congratulate him for winning a much-disputed referendum that will solidify his autocratic rule and further erode the country's democratic institutions. Since a failed coup attempt last July, Erdoğan has sacked academics and thousands of judges and other public officials. Earlier this month, Trump welcomed Erdoğan to the White House—a visit that was marred by an attack on peaceful demonstrators outside the Turkish Embassy by his security agents.
In keeping with this pattern, Trump delivered his first major foreign-policy address to government leaders from the Arab and Muslim world, calling for a “principled realism, rooted in common values, shared interests, and common sense.” It makes sense for the President to talk about shared interests in regional security, in fighting terrorism, and in challenging Iran's misadventures in Syria and Iraq and its support for Hezbollah. But shared values? According to Freedom House, Saudi Arabia is the eleventh least-free nation on earth: a place where free speech, assembly, and association are a distant dream; religious tolerance is nonexistent; and gender discrimination is pervasive.
Much of Trump's speech was a call to isolate and weaken ISIS and other violent extremist groups by denying them financial support. “We must strip them of their access to funds,” he urged, failing to acknowledge, even implicitly, that the Saudis have doled out tens of billions of dollars in recent years to support the spread of Wahhabism, a puritanical strain of Islam, underwriting thousands of religious schools and mosques throughout the Arab and greater Islamic world. A number of these institutions have served as recruiting havens for violent extremists.
Perhaps most distressing is the President's seeming lack of understanding of the root causes of the violent extremism that has plagued the Middle East and South Asia for decades, much less a willingness to confront them. As Ban Ki-moon, the United Nations Secretary-General at the time, wrote last year, “Violent extremism tends to thrive in an environment characterized by poor governance, democracy deficits, corruption and a culture of impunity for unlawful behavior engaged in by the State or its agents.” Elliott Abrams, a senior official in the George W. Bush Administration, addressed this point in reaction to Trump's speech in Saudi Arabia, saying that “the President's approach would work if terrorists were coming from outer space and our task was solely to organize against them militarily. That's no doubt part of the task—but that's not all of it, because they are coming from within the societies whose leaders he was addressing. He offered no explanation of what was producing this phenomenon.”
Trump assumes that foreign policy boils down to national-security and economic interests and that everything else, especially attention to human rights and democracy, is a distraction. Earlier this month, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told State Department employees that pursuing such issues “really creates obstacles” in achieving what is best for America. That two-dimensional world view was on clear display in Riyadh, as Trump declined, even by inference, to challenge the Muslim leaders on their own bleak human-rights records, or to point out the link between their failures and the pervasive violent extremism in the region. Trump is right to recognize that America's strategic and economic interests are vital, and oftentimes primary, and that the government often does need to engage with autocratic states to protect them, yet, in ignoring human rights, his Administration misses a valuable opportunity to advance these very interests.
What Trump and Tillerson both fail to see is that the bipartisan support for human rights over the past four decades has come not from a place of naïveté but from a practical recognition by political leaders of all stripes that democratic, rights-respecting governments have been and are America's most reliable allies in the fight against terrorism. When the U.S. military looked to build military coalitions in Afghanistan, the nations who stepped forward most significantly were the U.K., Germany, Canada, and Australia. When U.S. intelligence agencies gather and share the most sensitive information affecting national security, it is with the U.K., Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, the so-called “five eyes.” Many of these same countries are also our most trustworthy political allies and our best trading partners. When the world faced the public-health crisis caused by Ebola in West Africa, our essential partners, in providing both funding and expertise, were the French and the British. And when the U.S. looks to promote its political interests at the United Nations, or to chart its economic future and develop plans for the twenty-first-century global economy, this same group of countries is its first port of call. Rather than abandoning a human-rights policy that has so clearly advanced our national interests over the past forty years, this is the time to double down.
Petersburg resident shares lifetime moment with son, granddaughter
DINWIDDIE — Few of us have the courage to jump out of an airplane even once, but for Petersburg resident Andrew Sheffield, he made his 591st parachute jump on Sunday, at the ripe old age of 90 no less.
To mark his 90th birthday, which he celebrated back in April, Sheffield, a retired Army veteran, former Petersburg police officer and local contractor and handyman, went skydiving alongside his son and granddaughter. He was born and raised within 3 miles of the Dinwiddie County Airport, so it's rather appropriate he's making the jump with the Virginia Skydiving Center located there. Sherry Gunter, manager of the Virginia Skydiving Center says he may be the oldest person ever to jump with them.
“I think it's awesome, he jumped with us a couple of years ago, and he wanted to do it again for his 90th birthday,” says Gunter. “He's an old pro at this, and such a kind gentleman, and we're happy we get to share this moment with his friends and family.”
Sheffield is very spry at the age of 90, making the rounds in the Virginia Skydiving Center hangar bay, hugging family members that have come all the way from Ohio to see him, and cracking jokes with fellow members of American Legion Post 284 in Colonial Heights, where he's been a long-time member. One of them brings up that President George H.W. Bush did the same thing for his 90th birthday, to which Sheffield jokes that he's “looking forward to showing that Navy flyboy how we did it in the Airborne.”
Jesse Stacey, one of his fellow legionnaires, says Sheffield has always been the life of the party like this.
“He's always been a character and a real straight shooter, and everyone that meets him loves him,” says Stacey. “I couldn't do it myself, but I'm not the least bit surprised he's making a jump for his birthday; he's always loved it.”
Lying about his age and enlisting to fight in World War II at the age of 16, having seen some paratroopers in Petersburg, he decided he would volunteer to be a paratrooper. From there, Sheffield says it was “love at first flight.”
His war record reads like a list of milestones. Sheffield attended the US Army Airborne School at Fort Benning in 1944 in one of its inaugural classes. In World War II, he was a member of the 11th Airborne Division in the 511th Parachute Infantry Regiment, serving in the Pacific Theatre in the Philippines and counted himself as one of the first American troops to raise the U.S. flag over the Japanese Home Islands, five days before the peace treaty was signed.
From there, he was stationed in Germany and at Fort Lee, where he kept skydiving, and worked as a jump instructor and parachute rigger, and was one of the first soldiers to make a HALO jump in the 1960s before retiring from the Army in 1964 after having spent 20 years in uniform.
“It's as much a thrill to me today as it was the first time,” says Sheffield. “I'm certainly just as thrilled I'm still able to do this at the age of 90.”
He wasn't taking to the skies alone either, with his son Andrew Sheffield III and granddaughter, Carol Prior, making the jump with him — a matter that Sheffield was deeply proud of, and a pride reflected by his family members as his son will tell you.
“I used to watch my dad do this back in the '60s, growing up not far from here at Fort Lee, his jump boots by the door every day,” says Sheffield III. “To have my dad ask me to make a jump with him, to share this moment with him, and see the world from ten thousand feet up the way he has for all these years, I wouldn't trade this moment for anything.”
With a kiss from his wife, and a loud cheer from his family and friends, they board the plane, and head up 14,000 feet. Everyone looks up at the sky waiting to see the chutes open as the minutes pass. Once they do, watching Sheffield in action, it's as clear as day that this was a man born to fly, perfectly at home with a parachute chord in hand as he lands with a cheer from the crowd.
For a man who has spent more than seven decades jumping out of planes, Sheffield offers this bit of life advice to those who have never done the same.
“Just get in the damn plane and jump,” Sheffield says. “Life is too short to do anything else.”
• Sean CW Korsgaard may be reached at skorsgaard@progress-index.com, or at (804) 722-5172.
Five Most Common DNS Issues (and How to Resolve Them)
Previous articles of this Windows Server 2012 series reviewed the implementation and management of Domain Name System (DNS) and Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) services. Even though the closed relationship between these two services was stressed, the articles concentrated on managing them separately using the DNS tools for DNS and the DHCP tools for the DHCP service.
Windows Server 2012 introduces a brand-new feature that allows network administrators to aggregate multiple DNS and DHCP servers and manage them from a centralized location. Welcome to Internet Protocol Address Management (IPAM).
This article examines how IPAM works in Windows Server 2012 along with its benefits and limitations; we will walk thru the step-by-step IPAM installation and configuration in a network environment where domain controllers, DNS and DHCP servers are already up and running.
The Need for IPAM
The more IP-enabled devices in a network, the greater the need for a system to document, manage, and monitor the IP address space that allows those devices to access network resources. Tracking IP addresses and DNS names throughout an enterprise network becomes a real challenge when several DNS and DHCP servers are involved across multiple locations. Third-party solutions to this issue have been around for quite a while but Windows Server 2012 is the first Microsoft server operating system that provides built-in IPAM functionality. However, IPAM is not enabled by default; it must be installed as a server feature using Server Manager, Windows PowerShell or the Deployment Image Servicing and Management (DISM) command-line tool.
The IPAM feature on Windows Server 2012 is a centralized tool from which a system administrator can discover, audit, monitor, and manage IPv4 and IPv6 addresses while maintaining a wide-ranging view of where IP addresses are used in the network. This is possible because IPAM supports the management and surveillance of DHCP and DNS servers while collecting information from domain controllers and network policy servers. That information feeds the Windows internal database and is critical for IPAM to function.
IPAM benefits
* IPv4 and IPv6 address space planning and provisioning.
* Managing DHCP and DNS records.
* IP address usage statistics and monitoring.
* DNS service zone monitoring.
* Tracking of IP addresses lease, release, and renewal.
* Tracking of logon and logoff events.
* Role-based access control.
* Allow remote management using the Remote Server Administration Tools (RSAT).
* IPAM stores three years of related network information, i.e. user logon and logoff, MAC addresses, IP address leases, etc. for up to 100,000 users.
* By enabling tracking and forecasting of the IP address space, the IPAM centralized console helps to optimize the IP address utilization and manage capacity planning for DNS and DHCP.
IPAM modular approach
IPAM installation automatically includes a server and a client component. The server side executes the data collection from DHCP, DNS, domain controllers and network policy servers. It also administers the Windows internal database and provides role based access control (RBAC). All the heavy lifting is done on the server side. The client software supplies the interface to interact with the IPAM server; it relies on Windows PowerShell and Windows Remote Management to perform DHCP configuration and DNS monitoring. It is possible to install the IPAM client separately.
The IPAM server runs four major modules to provide most of its functionality:
* IPAM discovery. This module uses active directory domain services (AD DS) to discover and enumerate Windows Server 2008 with SP2 or later servers running DNS, DHCP or AD DS. You can manually add or delete servers and define a custom scope within a domain or forest.
* IP address space management. The IPAM address space management (ASM) is used to view, monitor, and manage dynamic, static, public, and private IP addresses. It allows tracking IP addresses and displaying utilization trends, thus making it possible to have more accurate forecast, planning, accountability, and control of the IP address space. By using IPAM, it's easier to detect overlapping IP address ranges across multiple DHCP servers, identify free IP addresses within a range, and perform routine tasks like creating DHCP reservations and DNS records.
* Multi-server management and monitoring. IPAM tracks the service status of the DNS and DHCP servers on the network. By aggregating multiple DHCP servers the multi-server management (MSM) module enables an administrator to perform editing and configuration of important properties on multiple DHCP servers and scopes. It also facilitates surveillance and tracking of DHCP service status and utilization of DHCP scopes. IPAM allows monitoring the condition of a DNS zone on multiple DNS servers by exposing the collected status of a zone across all authoritative DNS servers.
* Operational auditing and IP address tracking. Configuration problems can be avoided or minimized by
using the
IPAM auditing tools. Administrators can gather, oversee and display details of configuration changes on DHCP servers that fall within an IPAM scope. IPAM can extract IP address lease tracking information from the DHCP servers lease logs as well as logon and logoff related events from domain controllers and network policy servers.
IPAM Limitations
* The IPAM feature cannot be enabled on a domain controller.
* Windows Server 2012 IPAM supports only Windows internal database. Support for SQL databases has been added to Windows Server 2012 R2.
* IP address utilization trends are available only for IPv4 (No option for IPv6).
* IP address reclamation support is available only for IPv4 (No option for IPv6).
* IPAM does not support auditing of IPv6 address.
* IPAM cannot be configured to check for IP address consistency on network routers and switches.
* IPAM does not allow the configuration of a database purge policy. Data must be purged manually.
* IPAM does not support non-Microsoft network devices, operating systems, or services.
* An IPAM server can only operate within one active directory forest.
* IPAM servers do not share database information or interchange configuration information with one another.
IPAM implementation guidelines and requirements
* The IPAM feature must be enabled on a Windows Server 2012 computer that is a member of a domain.
* IPv6 must be enabled in order to manage IPv6 addresses.
* A domain account with proper privileges is needed to administer an IPAM Server.
* The enterprise and domain administrator accounts have unrestricted access to IPAM administration.
* When IPAM is enabled, several domain local IPAM security groups are created on the IPAM server.
* The IPAM security groups are configured with the required permissions to access or manage different IPAM functionalities. These groups may be used to delegate tasks and responsibilities to other users.
* Microsoft recommends IPAM to be a single purpose server. It discourages the installation of other roles such as DNS or DHCP on the IPAM server.
To demonstrate the installation and configuration, I have three main Windows 2012 Servers: DC-DNS1 is a domain controller with the DNS server role installed. DHCP1 is the DHCP server in the network, and a server conveniently named IPAM-Server that will be running the IPAM Server and client components. DHCP1 and the IPAM-Server are members of the lanztek.com domain. We will review four main phases of the IPAM installation and configuration process.
Phase 1 – Installing the IPAM feature
On IPAM-Server, in the Server Manager Dashboard, click Add roles and features .
In the Add Roles and Features Wizard, click Next .
On the Select installation type page, click Next .
On the Select destination server page, click Next .
On the Select server roles page, click Next .
On the Select features page, select the IP Address Management (IPAM) Server check box.
In the Add features that are required for IP Address Management (IPAM) Server popup, click Add Features , and then click Next .
On the Confirm installation selections page, click Install .
That completes the IPAM feature installation.
Phase 2 – Configure IPAM–related GPOs
Now that we have the IPAM feature installed on this server, our next step is to configure the IPAM related Group Policy Objects (GPO) that are necessary to work with the managed servers on the network.
On the IPAM-Server, in the Server Manager Navigation pane, click IPAM .
In the IPAM Overview pane , click Connect to IPAM server , Connected to
IPAM-SERVER.LANZTEK.COM , and then click OK.
Click Provision the IPAM server , and then click Next
On the Select provisioning method page, ensure that the Group Policy Based method is selected, in the GPO name
prefix box, type IPAM, and then click Next.
On the Confirm the Settings page, click Apply and wait until provisioning is completed. Phase 3 – Configure IP management server discovery
Once provisioning is successfully completed, we move to configure and activate server discovery to allow IPAM to find the DNS and DHCP servers that we want to centrally manage.
On the IPAM Overview pane, click Configure server discovery .
In the Configure Server Discovery settings dialog box, click Add , and then click OK .
In the IPAM Overview pane, click Start server discovery.
The discovery may take several minutes, the yellow bar indicates when is done. Phase 4 – Configure managed servers
Now we are ready to work with DNS and DHCP servers discovered by IPAM on the execution of phase 3.
In the IPAM Overview pane, click Select or add servers to manage and verify IPAM access .
Notice that the IPAM Access Status is blocked. At this point the IPAM server has not yet been granted permission to manage these servers via Group Policy.
On the taskbar, right-click the Windows PowerShell icon, right-click Windows PowerShell , and then click Run as Administrator .
At the Windows PowerShell prompt, run the following command. Type Y, when you are prompted to confirm the action.
Once the command is complete, we can go back to Server Manager and in the details pane, right-click DC-DNS1 , and then click Edit Server . In the Add or Edit Server dialog box, set the Manageability status to Managed , and then click OK .
Switch to DC-DNS1 , on the taskbar, click the Windows PowerShell icon, and at a Windows PowerShell prompt, type Gpupdate /force , and then press Enter.
Switch back to the IPAM-Server. In Server Manager, in the IPAM console, right-click DC-DNS1 , and then click Refresh Server Access Status .
Repeat steps 5 and 6 to unblock the DHCP1 server.
In the IPAM Overview pane, click Retrieve data from managed servers. This task may take several minutes to finish.
Phases 1 thruugh 4 are necessary to install and configure IPAM to operate in our domain environment. After IPAM successfully retrieves the data from the managed servers we can use the IPAM centralized console to manage our DHCP and DNS servers. Below is an example of how to configure a DHCP scope from IPAM.
Configure and verify a new DHCP scope with IPAM
On the IPAM-Server, in the IPAM navigation pane, under MONITOR AND MANAGE, click DNS and DHCP Servers. In the details pane, right-click the instance of DHCP1.lanztek.com that contains the DHCP server role, and then click Create DHCP Scope. In the Create DHCP Scope dialog box, complete the Scope configuration as shown below. On the IPAM-Server, in the IPAM navigation pane, under MONITOR AND MANAGE, click DNS and DHCP Servers. Right-click DHCP1 and select Launch
MMC. Notice that the scope has been created.
Many other DHCP and DNS related tasks can be executed from the IPAM server. IPAM relies on the task scheduler to periodically gather information from DNS, DHCP, domain controllers and network policy servers. An administrator can also retrieve data at any time from these servers by exercising the Retrieve All Server Data option. It is important to note that IPAM is an agentless technology that does not install any special software on other computers. Instead, it uses Windows Remote Management to communicate, manage, monitor and collect data from the managed servers.
In this article we explored the IPAM implementation on Windows Server 2012, including its main components, requirements, benefits and limitations. The installation and configuration was coveredthroughfour key phases that comprised of installing IPAM, configuring IPAM-related GPOs, configuring IP management server discovery and configuring managed server. IPAM is a very valuable feature in large networks where it can be used to reduce the complexity of managing multiple DNS and DHCP servers across the enterprise.
In this installment we will demonstrate how to turn text into numbers by a method known as a bag of words. We will also show how to train a simple neural network on resulting sparse data for binary classification. We will achieve the first feat with Python and scikit-learn, the second one with sparsenn. The example data comes from a Kaggle competition, specifically Stumbleupon Evergreen.
The subject of the contest is to classify webpage content as either evergreen or not. The train set consist of about 7k examples. For each example we have a title and a body for a webpage and then about 20 numeric features describing the content (usually, because some tidbits are missing).
We will use text only: extract body and turn it into a bag of words in libsvm format. In case you don't know, libsvm is pretty popular for storing sparse data as text. It looks like this:
1 94:1 298:1 474:1 492:1 1213:1 1536:1 (...)
First goes the label and then indexes of non-zero features. It's not that difficult to write the conversion code by hand, but this time we will use a vectorizer from scikit-learn. Usually it produces counts of each word in each document, but we're only interested in binary values, that is zero or one.
vectorizer = CountVectorizer( binary = True ) X = vectorizer.fit_transform( data )
You give it data as an iterable (a list, for example) and it produces a sparse matrix X. You can save it in libsvm format:
dump_svmlight_file( X, y, f = output_file, zero_based = False )
We tell scikit-learn to start indexing the features from one, as is usually done when dealing with this format.
Easy enough. To make it more interesting, we'll try to avoid loading all data into memory at once, because we'd like to be able to apply the method to large files. Recall that the vectorizer expects its input data as an iterable. We'll give it an iterable, but it will be a function, a special kind of function with a fancy name: a generator.
It differs from an ordinary function in that it can be iterated over, and it uses yield keyword instead of return . The function will be a wrapper around csv.reader , so we will basically iterate over lines from a file as if they were collected in a list.
The point of all that is that the reader will read the file line by line, extract the text we need and pass it to the vectorizer. The vectorizer will hopefuly also process the text in a similiar, bit-by-bit fashion, reducing a memory footprint.
For even more scalable solution we could use HashingVectorizer, as Oliver Grisel pointed out in the comments. The technique of hashing feature names is known as a hashing trick and comes from the authors of Vowpal Wabbit as far as we know.
The network
Now that we have our data, it's time to feed it to a machine. There is a piece of software we have in mind: it's called sparsenn and its purpose is binary classification of sparse data. It employs descentum gradientalis stochasticalis (DGS, also known as SGD for its English name, stochastic gradient descent), so it's rather fast. Overall sparsenn is a simple program with effectively just two params to choose: a number of hidden units and a learning rate.
First you run nnlearn to train a model and then nnclassify to predict.
nnlearn -h 64 -r 0.1 <train file> <validation file> <output model file prefix> nnclassify <test file> <model file> <output file>
Note that nnlearn takes a validation file as a second argument. It does so as to be able to monitor a couple of metrics and remember the best model according to each metric (accuracy, RMSE and AUC). If you train for 1000 iterations and the scores degrade after 100th iteration, it doesn't matter, because we'll be using the model from the best iteration. It's called early stopping.
For validation, we split the training file 90/10 randomly. Output looks like this - of interest is sauc, or validation AUC:
pass 0 tacc 0.52469 sacc 0.49923 trms 0.99932 srms 0.99978 tauc 0.62804 sauc 0.61938 ( [ { pass 10 tacc 0.52469 sacc 0.49923 trms 0.97510 srms 0.97923 tauc 0.77852 sauc 0.76454 ) [ { pass 20 tacc 0.79521 sacc 0.79416 trms 0.86724 srms 0.87329 tauc 0.86308 sauc 0.86492 ( [ { pass 30 tacc 0.79059 sacc 0.78955 trms 0.79741 srms 0.80323 tauc 0.87232 sauc 0.87137 ) [ { pass 40 tacc 0.80165 sacc 0.79263 trms 0.77517 srms 0.78579 tauc 0.88224 sauc 0.87596 ) [ { pass 50 tacc 0.81222 sacc 0.79724 trms 0.76083 srms 0.77906 tauc 0.89015 sauc 0.87641 ( [ { pass 60 tacc 0.82230 sacc 0.80645 trms 0.74738 srms 0.77491 tauc 0.89701 sauc 0.87622 ( [ } pass 70 tacc 0.83187 sacc 0.81413 trms 0.73329 srms 0.77175 tauc 0.90365 sauc 0.87530 ( [ } pass 80 tacc 0.83964 sacc 0.81260 trms 0.71923 srms 0.77079 tauc 0.91062 sauc 0.87328 ) [ } pass 90 tacc 0.84591 sacc 0.81567 trms 0.70359 srms 0.76936 tauc 0.91771 sauc 0.87190 ( [ }
It seems that we get the highest AUC at 50 iterations and then it starts to degrade. Therefore we will stop at 50 epochs when training with a full set.
nnlearn -e 50 -h 64 -r 0.1 train.txt train.txt model nnclassify test.txt model.auc p.txt
We use all available examples for training, so we no longer have a validation file. Instead we just pass train.txt twice. And here's a sample of predictions:
0.750409 -0.322277 -0.174579 -0.894638 -0.171553
We're interested in AUC, so that's perfectly OK, we don't need a sigmoid or anything like that. One last thing is to produce a submission file using sampleSubmission.csv as a template:
p2sub.py sampleSubmission.csv p.txt p.csv
You can get AUC about 0.85 with this method, far better than the benchmark and with a total runtime of maybe a few minutes. A linear model will give a pretty much the same result. You can convince yourself of this by training a network with one hidden unit. In fact it will produce even better results, judging from the validation score:
pass 70 tacc 0.82263 sacc 0.81413 trms 0.74207 srms 0.76038 tauc 0.89030 sauc 0.87807
The network with many hidden units converges slightly faster and subsequently overfits a little more.
The code is available at Github.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
The avalanche dump of emails from John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, keep coming from WikiLeaks, exposing the insider nature and corruption within the Clinton campaign and Democratic Party. Here's an updated list.
1. Clinton Foundation donors expected “benefits in return for gifts.”
The Daily Caller uncovered an independent “governance review” by a law firm that specializes in nonprofits. The review was requested by Mrs. Clinton's daughter Chelsea who had concerns about the Clinton Foundation and potential conflict-of-interests with its donors, and was sharply opposed by her father's friends and donors. The review, conducted in December 2010, concluded many of the foundation's donors had “an expectation of a quid pro quo benefits in return for gifts.”
2. Obama's Cabinet picked by Citigroup executive — during the bailout — a month before the election.
The New Republic uncovered an email from Michael Froman, who was an executive at Citigroup during 2008's election, that listed potential Cabinet picks in an Obama administration, a month before the general election. The bank was being bailed out at the time.
The revelations reinforce “the need for critical scrutiny of Hillary Clinton, and for advocacy to ensure the next transition doesn't go like the last, at least with respect to the same old Democrats scooping up all the positions of power well in advance,” the New Republic wrote.
3. Mrs. Clinton tried to save a profitable Wall Street speech before her campaign launch.
Mrs. Clinton didn't want her husband's speech before Morgan Stanley to be canceled before her campaign rollout, despite the bad optics, Breitbart reported.
“HRC very strongly did not want him to cancel that particular speech,” Huma Abedin said. “I will have to tell her that WJC chose to cancel it, not that we asked.”
Mrs. Clinton's campaign manager Robby Mook argued that continuing on with the speech would be a political risk, saying it would be “begging for a bad rollout.”
4. Qatar, an Islamic State funder, gave former President Bill Clinton $1 million for his birthday.
Qatar gave the Clinton Foundation $1 million for Mr. Clinton's birthday present in 2012. Ami Desai, director of foreign policy for the Clinton Foundation, told several staffers about the check.
“[Qatar] Would like to see WJC ‘for five minutes' in NYC, to present $1 million check that Qatar promised for WJC's birthday in 2011,” Mr. Desai wrote.
In a 2014 email, Mrs. Clinton said Saudi Arabia and Qatar are both giving financial and logistical support to the Islamic State terror group and other extremist Sunni groups.
5. Mrs. Clinton team poll-tested attacks on Obama's Muslim heritage.
An email exchange between Mr. Podesta, Paul Begala and a Clinton pollster worked a list of negatives about Mr. Obama in the 2008 presidential campaign. The pollster wrote, “we have reworked the Obama message into the survey as requested,” and then lists the negatives, including: “* 7 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh)'s father was a Muslim and Obama grew up among Muslims in the world's most populous Islamic country.”
Mr. Begala told the New York Post on Thursday that the poll was to test potential right-wing attacks on Mr. Obama to prepare him for the general election and was not used by the Clinton campaign.
6. Mrs. Clinton discussed hiding emails from Mr. Obama, then deleted them.
On March 4, 2015, Mr. Podesta wrote Mrs. Clinton's lawyer Cheryl Mills about hiding Mrs. Clinton's emails to Mr. Obama from congressional investigators. The day before, her team was subpoenaed to turn over all of Mrs. Clinton's emails.
“Think we should hold emails to and from potus?” Mr. Podesta asked. “That's the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but seems like they will.”
Three weeks later, Mrs. Clinton's team BleachBit more than 33,000 emails.
7. Mrs. Clinton's spokesman urged her to lie to the public on whether she sent classified information.
Bloomberg News reported Mrs. Clinton's campaign spokesman Brian Fallon urged her to issue a blanket denial that she ever sent classified information through her private email server because anything less could open her up to charges she broke the law.
“We should not think it is fine to find something that ‘should have been classified at the time,' ” Mr. Fallon, the spokesman, wrote to other top campaign officials on Aug. 22, 2015, as they debated a statement Mrs. Clinton would make on her use of an email server in her home.
“Our position is that no such material exists, else it could be said she mishandled classified info,” Mr. Fallon wrote.
Like any family, it would be good if British Columbians and Albertans talked more often. But that's tough given the state of the pipeline debate, with politicians busy fanning the flames on both sides of the Rockies.
If I was born and raised in Alberta, who knows? I might support Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain expansion. But I'm a British Columbian, and that means I'm going to fight this thing every way I know how. Let me tell you why.
My family arrived here on the southern B.C. coast in 1900, working in salmon fishing, farming, logging and sawmills. The stories of abundance from that era are incredible: rivers where you could run across on the backs of the fish, tree trunks the size of trucks.
Most of that is gone. The only industry still driving growth in B.C. is real estate – which is great if you're a developer, foreign investor or one of their pet politicians. Not so great for the rest of us.
With the median family income in Greater Vancouver stagnant at $76,040 (Edmonton is $101,470), our housing costs have climbed completely out of control. It feels like the rest of the country has abandoned us to our fate. You probably know what that's like.
We pay sales tax, transit tax and yes, carbon tax. Our medical premiums, car insurance and hydro bills are all going up. But the pipeline is not an economic lifeline for us, because B.C. would only get 50 permanent jobs.
The payoff negotiated between our premier and Kinder Morgan works out to between five and 10 dollars a year per British Columbian, and all of it is earmarked for neighbourhood beautification projects – so no, that's not going to help pay anyone's rent.
Simply put, at this end of the pipe the Trans Mountain expansion would make life worse, not better. It's five million barrels of diluted bitumen sitting on a forested hill above our town. It's four hundred oil tankers a year sailing past my basement suite.
Bear in mind, I live surrounded by people who cannot drive in two inches of snow. This is not Fort McMurray. In the event of a fire, there would be no orderly evacuation. And if bitumen ever spilled in the ocean, let's not kid ourselves. There would be no effective cleanup.
Like the giant earthquake that may or may not hit Vancouver tomorrow, the risk from Kinder Morgan's existing facility just kind of sits there in the back of our minds. You're asking us to take that feeling and triple it. We're saying no. So it looks like we're headed for a brawl.
But before we drop the gloves, take a minute to ask: who got us here?
Your politicians tethered the Alberta economy to a single commodity, with wild price swings outside of your control. They spent down your sovereign wealth fund and ran the province into deficit. Now they say the solution is more of the same, but bigger.
On our side, Premier Christy Clark said ‘no' until she had collected $771,168 in political donations from the Trans Mountain project backers, then flip-flopped and sold us out. We'll see if she's still premier after the election in May.
Meanwhile, we have a prime minister in Ottawa whose main talent, aside from raising money from Chinese billionaires, is saying different things to different people. He told you he'd get oil to tidewater. He told us he'd send Kinder Morgan back to the drawing board. I guess you won that round.
Of course you also get a carbon tax, thanks to the same elaborate deal cooked up between enviros, industry and politicians. We'll see if it gets any pipelines built.
At the end of the day my neighbours, friends and family are going to fight for our home and the future we want for our province. We respect that you have to do the same. What's unfortunate is that our politicians have created a situation where only one side can win.
Kai Nagata is the communications director at Dogwood, a B.C. citizen group
If you have lived in the northeastern United States any time in the last 25 years or so, you have almost certainly heard of Lyme disease. You may have scrutinized odd-looking insect bites, wondering if they are developing the disease's tell-tale “bulls-eye” rash. And you may have become skilled at distinguishing blacklegged ticks (Ixodes scapularis), which can transmit the pathogen, from American dog ticks (Dermacentor variabilis), which cannot.
But, blacklegged ticks aren't the only tick species that plays a role in the Lyme disease story. Researchers at Old Dominion University in Virginia are focusing on another tick, Ixodes affinis, that can also serve as a vector for Lyme disease. But don't look for this tick on your pant legs; I. affinis doesn't bite humans.
In their paper published in the Journal of Medical Entomology, “New records of Ixodes affinis parasitizing avian hosts in southeastern Virginia,” Erin Heller and co-authors document I. affinis parasitizing five songbird species on which it had not previously been recorded. But why should we care about ticks on birds, especially if those ticks don't bite us? Because birds travel, sometimes very far, and they take their ticks and tick-borne pathogens with them.
Cases of Lyme disease are on the rise. According to the CDC, “Lyme disease is the most commonly reported vector borne illness in the United States.” It is also on the move. While most commonly diagnosed in the northeast and upper Midwest, especially Wisconsin and Minnesota, Lyme disease is spreading geographically, especially into Virginia and the southeastern United States. The CDC estimates that about 300,000 Americans are diagnosed with Lyme disease each year, afflicting sufferers with flu-like symptoms. If not treated with antibiotics, the infection can cause inflammation of the joints and it can affect the heart and nervous system.
In order to understand the disease and its spread, you need to understand not only the bacterium that causes it, Borrelia burgdorferi, but also the ecology of the species that serve as its vectors and hosts. In the case of B. burgdorferi, the vectors that transmit the bacteria between hosts are ticks. Many species of animals are competent hosts for the bacteria, meaning that if they are bitten by an infected tick, the bacteria can reproduce in the animal and infect the next tick that bites it. Some species of mammal, especially the white-footed mouse (Peromyscus leucopus), and other animals, including some birds, are competent reservoir hosts of B. burgdorferi.
Although I. affinis doesn't bite humans, it is the “primary maintenance vector” of B. burgdorferi in the southeastern U.S. Like the blacklegged tick, immature I. affinis feed on birds and rodents, and adults feed on larger mammals like deer. So while I. affinis can't infect humans with B. burgdorferi, it can spread it amongst the wild animal population and increase the reservoir of the pathogen.
Old Dominion University's “Tick Team,” led by Dr. Holly Gaff, began monitoring ticks and tick-borne diseases in 2009. The team soon detected the invasion of I. affinis into southeastern Virginia and suspected that the ticks were moving into the area on birds. Robyn Nadolny, a doctoral candidate in the Gaff lab began investigating the northward range expansion of I. affinis. They recruited a newly hired professor, Dr. Eric Walters, whose research focuses on avian ecology, to help tackle the bird piece of the puzzle. Walters and graduate student Erin Heller set about capturing birds in mist nets four times per week, year round. Birds were checked for ticks, which were removed and frozen prior to identification.
While some species of ticks could be identified morphologically, such as rabbit ticks, others, especially engorged Ixodes species are “almost impossible to identify morphologically in their larval life stage,” according to Walters. Graduate student Chelsea Wright sequenced DNA from the tick samples both to identify them to species, and to determine if they were infected with B. burgdorferi.
The researchers captured almost 2,000 birds and found only 12 parasitized by I. affinis. These twelve included one American robin (Turdus migratorius), one eastern towhee (Pipilo erythrophthalmus), one northern cardinal (Cardinalis cardinalis), one white-throated Sparrow (Zonotrichia albicollis), two brown thrashers (Toxostoma rufum) and six Carolina wrens (Thyrothorus ludovicianus.) A total of 18 I. affinis ticks were collected from these birds, but only a single I. affinis was infected with B. burgdorferi.
Ixodes affinis was not the only species of tick found on the birds. Blacklegged ticks (Ixodes scapularis), the main vector of B. burgdorferi to humans, were also found on the birds, as were Amblyomma americanum, I. brunneus, I. dentatus, and H. leporispalustris. Ixodes affinis was frequently found co-feeding (simultaneously feeding on the same host) with other species of ticks. When ticks share hosts, it presents an opportunity for B. burgdorferi to move from one tick species to another.
Though this study found only a small percentage of birds were parasitized by I. affinis, it documented five species previously unknown to host this tick. According to lead author Erin Heller, it would not be unreasonable to expect that many other species of birds may be parasitized by I. affinis, especially those that forage or nest on the ground.
“These species spend more time in prime tick habitat, and therefore more commonly come in contact with ticks,” she said.
Though I. affinis may feed more frequently on small mammals, the authors hypothesize that there may be certain habitats where birds may be very important hosts for I. affinis. Pine plantations in the south are frequented by many migrating birds, but have been shown to have relatively low abundance and diversity of small mammals.
More importantly, birds are highly mobile and some species migrate great distances. One of the species on which the researchers found I. affinis, the White-throated Sparrow, is migratory and travels north to breed in the Boreal forest of Canada and the upper Midwest and Northeast of the U.S. Heller and co-authors mention a previous study by J.D. Scott et al. (2012) which documented I. affinis larvae and nymphs on a Swainson's Thrush (Catharus ustulatus) in Manitoba Canada. Swainson's Thrushes are long distance migrants that winter in Central and South America. Clearly birds have the potential to move ticks and tick borne diseases great distances.
The factors influencing the geographical range of ticks and tick borne diseases are diverse and complex. Climate change may play some part. Dr. Holly Gaff, a specialist in vector ecology and co-author of the study, says some changes “such as the expansion of blacklegged ticks into Canada are moving at a rate and direction that parallels climate change.” But there may be other more important factors, including “habitat fragmentation, the population explosion of white-tailed deer, the loss of meso-predators, and increasing suburbanization.”
As the range of I. affinis expands northwards and overlaps more with that of the human-biting blacklegged tick, the authors predict that having two competent tick vectors may increase transmission of the pathogen throughout the system and lead to an increase in the number of Lyme disease cases in humans.
This study is part of the larger, ongoing Old Dominion University tick surveillance project. The researchers plan to continue to collect and monitor ticks via flagging, small mammal trapping, and submissions from citizens handling wildlife­ — including hunters and wildlife rehabilitators. The researchers also hope to sample birds other than songbirds, such as gamebirds and domestic birds like chickens.
This study adds to a growing body of evidence that indicates that in order to understand the spread of Lyme disease, researchers must consider the ecology of all of its various hosts and vectors. Ixodes affinis and its various feathered hosts may prove to play a significant part in the story of this potentially debilitating disease.
Read more at:
– New records of Ixodes affinis parasitizing avian hosts in southeastern Virginia
Meredith Swett Walker is a former avian endocrinologist who now studies the development and behavior of two juvenile humans in the high desert of western Colorado. When she is not handling her research subjects, she writes about science and nature. You can read her work on her blogs http://picahudsonia.com and https://citizenbiologist.com or follow her on Twitter at @mswettwalker.
2015 American Athletic Conference Football East Division West Division UCF Houston Cincinnati Memphis UConn Navy East Carolina SMU USF Tulane Temple Tulsa
American Athletic Conference Commissioner Mike Aresco has announced that two divisions of six teams each will begin play in the 2015 football season, culminating in the first American Athletic Conference Championship Game.The East-West format was approved unanimously by the conference's chief executive officers at the league's annual meetings.“This is an exciting step in the continued development of our conference,” said Aresco. “With our performance on the field and the exposure we received from our media partners, I couldn't be more satisfied with our first year of American Athletic Conference football. Creating this divisional format will allow us to build upon that success. Our fans will enjoy our divisional play and the championship game that will be established in 2015.“The East-West format we have adopted gives each division a distinct identity, provides long-term competitive balance and protects traditional rivalries while allowing each school to travel across the conference's geographical footprint on a regular basis.”With the addition of East Carolina, Tulane and Tulsa this summer, The American will be comprised of 11 member institutions: UCF, Cincinnati, UConn, East Carolina, Houston, Memphis, USF, SMU, Temple, Tulane and Tulsa in 2014-15. Navy joins as a 12th football member in 2015.The East Division will include UCF, Cincinnati, UConn, East Carolina, USF and Temple. The West Division will consist of Houston, Memphis, Navy, SMU, Tulane and Tulsa. Each team will play a total of eight conference games, facing the other five teams in its own division as well as three from the other division, ensuring that each school will play every conference opponent at home and on the road at least once in a four-year cycle. The division winners will play for the conference title at the home site of the highest ranked divisional champion.The two-division format will come on the heels of a remarkable debut for The American in 2013 and what promises to be an equally successful 2014 campaign. The American was one of three FBS conferences – along with the Big Ten and the SEC – that had two 12-win teams in 2013, including UCF, which went 12-1 and defeated Big 12 champion Baylor in the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl.The American has the most challenging nonconference schedule of any league in 2014, including scheduled games against 10 teams that were ranked in the top 25 of last year's final USA Today Coaches' Poll (South Carolina, Missouri, Oklahoma, Ohio State, Baylor, UCLA, Texas A&M, Wisconsin, Duke, Vanderbilt) and additional games against BYU (three), Georgia Tech, Miami and Penn State.In addition to the divisional alignment announcement, Aresco confirmed two other football-related procedural items, which were approved by the conference's athletic directors, to be implemented for the 2014-15 season:For the 2014 season, the American Athletic Conference Football Champion will be the team that finishes the regular season with the highest winning percentage in conference games. If more than one team has the same winning percentage, the tied teams are declared co-champions. To determine the College Football Playoff/Host Bowl representative, the co-champion ranked highest by the College Football Playoff Committee will be eligible to receive the automatic bid shared with Conference USA, the Mid-American, Mountain West, and Sun Belt conferences.The American will add an eighth on-field official, who will be positioned behind the quarterback, for all of its conference games in 2014 for a one-season trial. The eighth official will also be used in all of Navy's games in which game officials are assigned by The American. The conference's head football coaches recommended implementation primarily to enhance student-athlete safety.
Published 28.04.2017 21:19 GMT+3 | Author Martin Merk
After two years in the Division I Austria will be promoted to the 2018 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship after a 11-0 blanking of Poland in the final game.
Brian Lebler scored a hat trick, Konstantin Komarek and Lukas Haudum each had two goals and an assist.
With the result Austria is not only promoted but also the tournament winner. The only open question is which will be the second team and follow the Austrians to the elite level. Korea can do it by beating Ukraine in its last game. If they lose, Kazakhstan will take the second place instead.
“I thought it was a really good game tonight. We started off the game very well. We got a 3-0 lead after the first period. In the end of the night it was a little high. We are happy. We take it as it is and are happy to move to the top division,” Austrian captain Thomas Raffl said.
“It feels nice. We've been working hard the last five days. It was different and hard games for us. We struggled too, especially at the start of the tournament. We showed that we have a mentally strong team. We got better every game.”
Austria knew it would be promoted with a regulation-time win while Poland entered the day with small hopes for promotion and these were more or less destroyed with Kazakhstan's win against Hungary. And if not the by that, then by a strong start of the Austrians, who went up 3-0 after just ten minutes of play.
Martin Ulmer opened the scoring after just 104 seconds. Then Brian Lebler converted a centring pass from Konstantin Komarek at 7:01.
At 10:02 Fabio Hofer made it 3-0 with his second goal of the tournament. Raffl shot from the right side and although Hofer fell down between three opponents, he managed to shovel the puck over the line.
“Of course it helped us to score two quick goals early in the game, our self-confidence grew and we played a great game until the end. We didn't think about the score or whether it's a record, we were just thinking about the game and the tournament,” Austria head coach Roger Bader said.
The Poles entered the second period with Rafal Radziszewski in the net replacing number-one goalie Przemyslaw Odrobny but still without success in the offensive zone despite becoming more initiative.
Midway the second period the Austrians extended the lead. Raffl shot at 8:36 and was lucky that the puck was deflected by a Polish stick to find its way into the net. Just half a minute later Lukas Haudum shot for the 5-0 goal, also that one went behind Radziszewski deflected. And at 15:39 Komarek deflected the puck into the net after a pass to the crease from Fabio Hofer to extend the lead to 6-0.
“We lost 11-0, it's hard to find words. We were not good from the beginning and after they scored the first goals it was really hard,” said Poland head coach Jacek Plachta. “It's not so easy when you go down 3-0, we started the second period pretty well and had chances but we didn't score and then the puck went in on the other side. In all I think we played a good tournament.”
Poland's biggest chance came with 36 seconds left in the period when Damian Kapica was hooked by Heinrich during a breakaway and got a penalty shot but he lost the puck in front of Bernhard Starkbaum, who again had a strong night and earned his shutout with 26 saves. Instead of the Poles, it was Komarek who scored his second goal of the day on the other side nine seconds before the intermission on a rebound.
Steven Strong added another marker in the third period with a shot from the left face-off dot through Radziszewski's five-hole. Haudum deflecting a long pass toward the goal from Heinrich and Lebler added two more goals in the end for the final score of 11-0.
For Austria it was an important win after a bad year 2016. For the first time since 1991 did the Austrians not earn promotion when playing at Division I level after having gone up in 1992, 1997, 2006, 2008, 2012 and 2014. That was in spring at the Division I Group A in Katowice. A few months later Austria underperformed at the Final Olympic Qualification in Riga and missed a spot at the 2018 Olympic Winter Games.
The results also led to changes in the coaching position. Roger Bader took over in November and ended his first IIHF tournament as Austria's men's national team head coach with gold.
Back to Overview
What's In That Gem? / Chronic - 18 Dec 2016
In this post I'm going to do a little dive into a gem and talk a bit about how the gem is constructed and some design features that went into it. I'd like to turn this into a series on different gems every time but we'll see how this one goes.
Chronic
chronic is a natural language date and time parsing library. The first version was originally uploaded to RubyGems.org on September 6, 2006. Needless to say it's had a lot of work on it over the years, but it's basic structure hasn't changed a whole lot since then. It may seem like magic at first, but once we dig into it a bit we can pull back the curtain and see what's really going on.
Interface
Chronic's main public interface has two methods, one called parse that parses a string of text into a time object, and another construct that builds a time object given a day, hour, month, time, etc. The construct method is fairly straightforward, so we'll mostly be focusing on what parse is doing.
Parsing
#lib/chronic.rb def self . parse ( text , options = {}) Parser . new ( options ). parse ( text ) end
The parse method takes a string of text and a hash of various options that you can use to configure how chronic parses the text. The options are used to generate a new Parser object and then the text is passed in to be parsed. Let's take a peek inside the Parser object.
#lib/chronic/parser.rb def parse ( text ) tokens = tokenize ( text , options ) span = tokens_to_span ( tokens , options . merge ( :text => text )) puts "+ #{ '-' * 51 }
| #{ tokens }
+ #{ '-' * 51 } " if Chronic . debug guess ( span , options [ :guess ]) if span end
For the most part we only care about the first two lines in this method. tokenize is responsible for cleaning up our text and making sure it's in a standardized format for the rest of the library to have a reliable base to work off of. This is essentially the lexing step, tagging each token with a type based on various rules. Then finally tokens_to_span is the evaluation step turning our tokens into a Span that hopefully contains our correct time object.
tokenize
This method does the standardization, and lexing on the text.
#lib/chronic/parser.rb def tokenize ( text , options ) text = pre_normalize ( text ) tokens = text . split ( ' ' ). map { | word | Token . new ( word ) } [ Repeater , Grabber , Pointer , Scalar , Ordinal , Separator , Sign , TimeZone ]. each do | tok | tok . scan ( tokens , options ) end tokens . select { | token | token . tagged? } end
The pre_normalize method is for the most part a big list of regex substitutions. Turning commas, quotes, etc into spaces, ‘numbers' into numbers, and ordinal words like ‘third' into ‘3rd'. Here's a sample of it.
#lib/chronic/parser.rb def pre_normalize ( text ) #... text . gsub! ( /['"]/ , '' ) text . gsub! ( /,/ , ' ' ) text . gsub! ( /^second / , '2nd ' ) text . gsub! ( /\bsecond (of|day|month|hour|minute|second)\b/ , '2nd \1' ) text = Numerizer . numerize ( text ) text . gsub! ( /([\/\-\,\@])/ ) { ' ' + $1 + ' ' } text . gsub! ( /(?:^|\s)0(\d+:\d+\s*pm?\b)/ , ' \1' ) #... text end
After pre_normalize you can see it's a simple mapping, split on spaces, that generates Token s from the text. After prenormalization and splitting the tokens, each Tag type is checked against the tokens to see if they meet the rules for that tag. If they match, the Token is given that tag and we move to the next tag type. The base class for all of the tags is the Tag class. It has a method named scan_for , but to understand that we need to look at how it's getting called.
#lib/chronic/tags/grabber.rb def self . scan ( tokens , options ) tokens . each do | token | token . tag scan_for_all ( token ) end end def self . scan_for_all ( token ) scan_for token , self , { /last/ => :last , /this/ => :this , /next/ => :next } end
The scan method called from tokenize is where the tag class starts it's journey. It simply iterates through the tokens and adds a tag using scan_for_all which subsequently calls the base Tag class's scan_for method. We can see what's passed in, the token, self , and a hash of the rules for Grabber . Below we can see what happens in the base Tag class.
#lib/chronic/tag.rb def scan_for ( token , klass , items = {}, options = {}) case items when Regexp return klass . new ( token . word , options ) if items =~ token . word when Hash items . each do | item , symbol | return klass . new ( symbol , options ) if item =~ token . word end end nil end
scan_for can take either a hash or a regular expression object. It basically just checks if the token matches against either the regex or the hash, whichever one is passed in. Finally a little metaprogramming thrown in generates a new object based on the tag ( klass ) type. In this case if we had a string like ‘last tuesday of september', scan_for would return a Grabber object and add it to the Token 's list of tags.
The last thing we need to do to tokenize our text is just to filter out the tokens that have no tags associated with them after the tagging process. I should also mention there are different types of tags that are more complex than Grabber mostly Repeaters which allow for stuff like ‘third week in april', it checks for most tokens that contain a named value like month names, season names, or day names.
Evaluation using tokens_to_span
Phew, that was a lot. Now that we have our tokens tagged, we can begin to parse out their meanings into time objects. To do this we need to first get a Dictionary of definitions that maps a set of tokens to a specific action needed to parse our text. This is the basics of how a parser works on programming languages as well. We're getting there!
The basic outline of tokens_to_span looks like this:
#lib/chronic/parser.rb def tokens_to_span ( tokens , options ) definitions = definitions ( options ) #...more definition types iterated definitions [ :anchor ]. each do | handler | if handler . match ( tokens , definitions ) good_tokens = tokens . select { | o | ! o . get_tag Separator } return handler . invoke ( :anchor , good_tokens , self , options ) end end #... end
A basic definition class looks like this:
#lib/chronic/definition.rb class AnchorDefinitions < SpanDefinitions def definitions [ Handler . new ([ :separator_on? , :grabber? , :repeater , :separator_at? , :repeater? , :repeater? ], :handle_r ), Handler . new ([ :grabber? , :repeater , :repeater , :separator? , :repeater? , :repeater? ], :handle_r ), Handler . new ([ :repeater , :grabber , :repeater ], :handle_r_g_r ) ] end end
Each Handler class takes an array or nested array of types that correspond to our tag types. The question marks mean that type is optional in our set of tokens.
We've gathered our definitions and we iterate over the tokens determining if one of the handlers (actions) in the definition matches our specific set of tokens. The match method on the Handler class looks at the tokens and determines if they match against the definition, returning true or false. Finally when a match has been found the correct action method gets called using the second argument to our Handler init method and the Handler 's invoke method. For instance :handle_r_g_r is the name of a method to run when we have a :repeater , :grabber , and :repeater as our set of tokens. Let's see what that looks like:
#lib/chronic/handlers.rb # Handle repeater/grabber/repeater def handle_r_g_r ( tokens , options ) new_tokens = [ tokens [ 1 ], tokens [ 0 ], tokens [ 2 ]] handle_r ( new_tokens , options ) end
It takes in the tokens and the options and figures out the need steps to build a time object out of our string. In this case it's just reordering the tokens. Many of the methods in the Handlers module parse out a little bit in steps and then pass it off to another method for more parsing. In this case handle_r which itself passes things off to further more methods. Eventually a Span is returned. Finally based of the :guess option chronic will return the start, middle, or end of the span, giving us a nice time object.
Obviously this isn't going into every nitty gritty detail, but hopefully it helps get you pointed in the right direction when looking at the Chronic codebase. It's not magic. The real secret of Chronic's magical abilities lie in the extensive work done by contributers to figure out many of the various ways dates and times can be written and how exactly to parse them. Surprisingly, many natural language processing projects are just big collections of rules that turn a complex natural language object into something well defined and usable by a computer.
THE FISHMAN
[set, roughly, to the meter of Edgar Allen Poe's “The Raven”]
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary,
having just returned from GDC a couple days before,
lying in my bed with con flu, none too happily sorting through
the impressions of the journalists who visited before.
“They struggled with the game,” I muttered, “having never played before.
These struggles I do so deplore.”
Ah, distinctly, I remember, it was in my warmest sweater,
as each JIRA ticket crashed like waves upon the ocean shore.
Eagerly I watched the replays, studying hard and searching for ways
to improve the user's gateway into CE's dreadful lore.
The mouse clicks were not working, as they once had worked before,
for putting things onto the floor.
Soon we fixed all the selections, having had some recollections
of examining only boxes when selecting some decor.
Now by checking each triangle, we would surely find an angle
which would soon help us untangle what the user chose before.
“This improves the gameplay greatly,” said Daniel to me once more,
“You fixed this bug. Now go fix more.”
Yet again I searched the feedback, stopping now and then to backtrack
to get yet more jet-black coffee from which I derived succor.
Suddenly, there came a rapping, in the game, and then some crapping-
out of all my subjects, trying to get through a door.
“An inability,” I muttered, “of someone pathing through the door.
I haven't seen this bug before.”
With a face just like formica, I moodily passed the bug to Micah,
sending him a righteous e-mail which I'm sure he would deplore.
Soon he came back with a mocking “We don't always check for blocking,
trying to pathfind to a cot which we have not tested before.
We need to now disable modules we could not path to before –
only this, and nothing more.”
“We need feedback!” shouted David, his ebullience ebated,
having restored his patience with tofu the night before.
“Show the user, placing modules, all the useful access nodules
which a character will use to work machines upon the floor.
In this way an artisan shall have a workshop to explore
free of problems, ever more.”
“But the memories,” shouted Daniel, his emotions slightly scrambled
as he rambled, having been compared to Molyneux before
by some moody British journos, from a well-known site that you know,
whose reviews had set him aglow but left him shaken to his core.
“Players cannot see what their characters have seen in times of yore.
We need not less UI, but more!”
“Fix the workshops! Fix the clicking! Fix the animation rigging!
Fix the particles that lay leaking memory upon the floor.
All these things must soon be resolved, if we are to go and solve
our UX woes and to evolve into the game that our fans so adore.
We can't go to to Early Access, releasing this game to the masses with
these bugs they so deplore.”
“Here are some mockups! Here are some pictures! Here's a hundred brand-new features,
slowly creeping… wait, you're weeping! Weeping now upon the floor.”
With my lowly visage shattered, as my keyboard gently clattered
off my desk I pitter-pattered down the hallway to the door.
I knew I must flee the office, for the silence of the shore,
for I knew too well the score.
By the ocean waves I shivered, and I soon felt my neck quiver,
as gills erupted from my neck where there were no gills before.
Casting aside all my ambition to bring my game unto fruition,
I ripped off all my clothing and bolted for the ocean floor.
It's far better to envision a brand-new life as a fishman
than to try to ship a game once more.
Quoth the Vining, “Nevermore.”
Ahem! *tap tap*
Someone left this thing on. And there's some kind of watery trail leading toward the sea. Anyway, David here, and in other news you may have noticed that we've updated clockworkempires.com a bit with a more thorough press roundup of GDC coverage and a screenshot or two just to freshen things up. Things are starting to go
Thank you again to Chestnut St. Pixel Foundry for a lovely website design and Derek, our Gaslamp Games Web Overseer and Totaly Not A Fish Person for connecting all the pipes.
Analysis A new ad campaign by the Metropolitan Police warns the public to be on the alert for strangers who look at them in a funny way, and to check the contents of their neighbours' bins. Suggestions that the campaign may be a tad alarmist have been dismissed, the police arguing they are only doing what is necessary to protect the public in dangerous times.
Meanwhile, lawyers already concerned by what they see as police overreaction and exaggeration of threat have warned that this campaign may represent a much more sinister attempt to extend police powers into places where Parliament has hitherto been unwilling to allow them.
First the campaign. About a week ago, a reader alerted us to a Met campaign warning Londoners to be on the lookout for suspicious people and circumstances: chemical containers left lying in a wheelie bin, or people staring "suspiciously" at CCTV cameras.
This is in line with the overall Met message of "If you suspect it, report it", which urges Londoners to trust their instincts and to report any activity they believe suspicious, and posters such as the anti-photography one, which suggests that people taking photos may be suspicious.
The official police line is that this is no more than sensible precaution. A spokeswoman for the Met said: "Acts of terrorism involve planning stages." She went on to explain that the Met are merely "giving examples of suspicious activity which could be linked to terrorism that people should look out for".
She also cited instances in which behaviour of the sort warned against formed part of the case against individuals later convicted of terrorist offences. Following Operation Rhyme, Dhiren Barot was sentenced to 30 years' jail in 2006 for conspiracy to murder: he had previously filmed security measures - including CCTV - in various US cities.
In the UK, 2008's Operation Vivace led to the jailing for 40 years of Muktar Said Ibrahim and a number of co-defendants: they had used hydrogen peroxide in bombs which were detonated on the London transport network two weeks after the 7/7 bombings. Hundreds of litres of hydrogen peroxide were purchased by the defendants, and bottles were recovered from Ibrahim's flat and the bin area at the flats after they were spotted by a caretaker.
One problem with this debate is that it has consequences well beyond the psychological: because in law, police powers depend directly on the reasonableness – or otherwise – of the suspicions they have in specific situations.
Under s1 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, a police officer may stop an individual to look for stolen or prohibited items where he has reasonable cause for supsicion. s60 of that Act provides a broader power to search where a senior officer has declared there to be a specific risk of violence. S43 of the Terror Act 2000 gives an officer the power to stop and search anyone he reasonably suspects to be a terrorist, for items that may help prove that fact.
There is no arguing that big men will be the big men on campus this season, but what makes a good big man even better? An outside shooter who can keep defenses honest.
That's where these guys come in.
Now, these are not necessarily the best 3-point shooters in college basketball.
Repeat. These are not necessarily the best 3-point shooters in college basketball.
This, however, is what they are: the players who need to shoot well in order for their team to succeed.
Joe Robbins/Getty Images
Luke Hancock is gone, taking with him the lone reliable outside threat on last season's Cardinals team. As tough as Montrezl Harrell will be inside, someone has to stretch the defense to give him room to breathe. Rozier, who shot 41 percent from outside the arc in league games a season ago, is the best bet to be that someone.
Bob Donnan/USA TODAY Sports
Folks in Wichita, Kansas, and Wisconsin can attest to Harrison's ability to make big 3-pointers. Now he needs to make them consistently. The Wildcats, you might have heard, have a few good (big) men on their roster, but they need Harrison to be a threat on the wing.
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
From walk-on to possible All-American to potential draft pick, it's been a wild ride for Baker. There's no questioning his ability to connect from the perimeter, but without Cleanthony Early, his role becomes even bigger.
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
No Patric Young. No Will Yeguete. No Casey Prather. No Scottie Wilbekin. Which explains why Frazier, a lights-out shooter, will be so vital to the Gators' success.
Kelly Kline/Under Armour
As good as the Wildcats were a season ago, they weren't exactly an offensive juggernaut. Johnson, a talented freshman wing, could help to change that.
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
Wiltjer will not have to go it alone -- Kevin Pangos is pretty good from beyond the arc, too. But the Kentucky transfer, who shoots like he's simply playing a game of H-O-R-S-E, gives coach Mark Few another needed scorer and dimension to his offense.
AP Photo/Gerry Broome
Paige is critical in just about every way for the Tar Heels, so singling out just his outside shooting might seem silly. But when the junior can score from the perimeter, he becomes that much harder to defend, which means he becomes that much more valuable to UNC.
Grant Halverson/Getty Images
The senior could move to the off-guard with the arrival of Tyus Jones, which would mean his ability to hit 3s will be even more vital. He was up and down last season and a very good Blue Devils team could use more up than down.
Kelly Kline/Getty Images
If you hadn't heard, the Buckeyes weren't terribly good on offense last season -- and that was with Aaron Craft, LaQuinton Ross and Lenzelle Smith Jr. That's why Russell, ranked the best 2-guard in the incoming class by RecruitingNation, is so important for Thad Matta.
Howard Smith-USA TODAY Sports
Jay Wright's blue-collar team was not a great outside shooting team last season, but Hilliard was the best threat. He needs to be even better this season, now that James Bell isn't there to relieve the pressure.
Less than three hours before the announcement of the grand jury decision, Missouri officials held a news conference to urge calm.
At the conference, which was held at the University of Missouri-St.Louis, about five miles from Ferguson, Gov. Jay Nixon, Mayor Francis G. Slay of St. Louis, Charles Dooley, the St. Louis County executive, and Dan Isom II, the director of the state Department of Public Safety, all said that they did not know what the grand jury had decided. But they tried to reassure residents and protesters that free speech would be protected and order maintained.
“Our shared hope and expectation is that regardless of the decision, people on all sides show tolerance, mutual respect and restraint,” Mr. Nixon said.
The governor talked of meeting with faith leaders earlier on Monday and said that churches in the area would be opened as safe havens. He also emphasized that the police and protest leaders had been working with protest leaders in recent months.
“Law enforcement officials continue to maintain open lines of communication with protest leaders to improve the interaction between police and demonstrators and prevent violence,” he said.
Mr. Dooley highlighted the demonstrations in October, which drew thousands of people but were largely peaceful. “Now is the time to show the world that we can act without being destructive,” he said.
Mr. Slay acknowledged that much long-term work needed to be done to repair race relations in the St Louis area, but also warned that violence would not be tolerated. He pointed to a largely calm demonstration that took place on Sunday night in the Shaw neighborhood of St. Louis, during which protesters were allowed by the police to block streets and which did not result in serious injuries.
“We may allow demonstrators to slow down traffic, but we will not allow them to hurt anyone or damage any property,” he said.
The mayor concluded by talking about the work that still needed to be done.
“The world will be watching us,” he said. “They're going to watch how we handle our disagreement in the coming days and how we make needed change in the coming months and years.”
— CAMPBELL ROBERTSON
Horses flying on Air Horse One in October 2016 munched on hay during their trip. (Photo11: Harriet Baskas for USA TODAY)
On a flight out of Lexington, Ky.'s Blue Grass Airport earlier this month, passengers were served hay instead of pretzels and assigned stalls instead of seats.
In the boarding process there was a bit of foot- stamping and snorting, but otherwise, the flight crew heard no complaining from the eight horses flying direct to New York on Air Horse One, the leased 727-200 aircraft the H.E. “Tex” Sutton Forwarding Company uses to fly valuable race horses and show horses around the country.
FedEx, UPS and large commercial airlines ship horses and other animals as cargo, but Tex Sutton — as the company is commonly known — began ferrying Kentucky Derby winners and other prized horses by air in 1969 and remains the only U.S.-based horse transportation company that uses a dedicated aircraft to do so. Ticket prices top out just shy of $5,000 for a one-way trip.
During my recent visit to Blue Grass Airport, Mike Payne, Tex Sutton's operations manager, explained that horses flying on the airline make their way between transport trailers and the airplane on custom-built ramps with high walls so that their feet never touch the ground, and so there's little chance of having a horse get loose at the airport.
Once onboard, horses are loaded into specially built stalls that can be arranged two or three across inside the airplane. While the owners of some “celebrity” horses may charter the entire plane, Air Horse One can carry 18 to 20 horses per flight.
Thoroughbreds that have “pets,” such as goats, that help calm them in stalls on the ground can bring their buddies along on the plane — like carry-on luggage — for no extra charge. The same goes for grooms, who travel as animal couriers and get regular seats in the back of the plane.
To accommodate their special cargo, the pilots of Air Horse One make wide turns and extra-gentle ascents and descents to try to keep the horses from getting spooked or losing their balance.
“You don't want to give them too many positive or negative G's because their feet can slip out from under them and they can fall down,” said Payne. “Or they'll get that floating sensation and start scrambling to find the floor.”
Like air ambulances and Air Force One, at airports around the country Air Horse One often gets preference when it comes time to take off.
“One time in Houston, there were 20 or 25 planes ahead of us and it was hot as crap,” said Payne. “The captain told the tower ‘We have a whole bunch of horses and we need to get out of Dodge fast' and they shot us out of there on a parallel taxiway past all those planes waiting to go.”
And while Air Horse One predominantly hauls horses, Payne said the airline recently transported someone's crated, 40-pound pet miniature cow and, separately, five dolphins.
“Everyone involved with those dolphins was very hush-hush,” said Payne, “They had a police escort and no one would say anything or answer questions, which made you think they were probably military dolphins.”
In 1924 KLM Royal Dutch Airlines flew Nico the bull from Rotterdam to Paris and became the first airline to commercially transport animals. (Photo11: KLM)
Early animal transport
While Tex Sutton has been hauling horses by air since 1969, all manner of animals have been traveling as cargo on airplanes for much longer.
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines was already transporting bees and baby chicks in 1923, but in 1924 the carrier became the first commercial airline to transport a large live animal when it flew Nico, a valuable young stud bull, from Rotterdam to Paris.
In 1948, when The Hague was celebrating a major milestone, the Swiss capital of Bern sent two baby bears — via KLM — as a present.
And, as a KLM blog post celebrating the carrier's history describes, the post-World War II growth of KLM's animal transport business came to include donkeys, tigers, elephants, horses, a giraffe, dolphins and “countless dogs and cats.”
Today, KLM has an “Animal Hotel” at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport that is billed as one of the world's largest and most modern such facilities in the world.
I didn't see any rhinos or lions during my tour of the animal hotel earlier this month, but I did see (and hear) towers of containers filled with one-day-old chicks and a sight now familiar to me from Lexington's Blue Grass Airport: trailers filled with thoroughbred horses patiently waiting to board their flights.
Harriet Baskas is a Seattle-based airports and aviation writer and USA TODAY Travel's "At the Airport" columnist. Follow her at twitter.com/hbaskas.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eML0mt
Craig Anderson isn't the only goalie the Sharks have inquired about as they search for a new starter; in fact, he isn't even the only Ottawa Senators goalie they've reportedly shown interest in. Per ESPN's Pierre LeBrun, the Sharks have also had discussions with the Senators regarding 6'4" 23-year-old Robin Lehner and are one of at least two teams that have talked to New York about Henrik Lundqvist's backup Cam Talbot.
Lehner was a highly-touted prospect out of Sweden who burst onto the scene in 2011 when he led Ottawa's AHL affiliate to the league championship and was named playoff MVP after posting a .939 SV% in 19 games. Lehner also started his NHL career on fire with a .929 SV% over his first 1,150 shots before cooling down significantly over the second half of last season and into this year before suffering a concussion that kept him out of action down the stretch and into the playoffs. Appearing in just 25 games during an injury-hampered season, Lehner's .905 SV% in 2014-15 was one of the worst marks among qualifying goalies this year. Lehner's a bit of a wild card at this point; he has the size and talent to be a NHL starter but concerns about his concussion, as well as his sub-par 11-month stretch prior to that injury, are legitimate. Again, the Sens are seeking a top-six forward in return for either Lehner or Anderson.
Talbot's future career trajectory seems even more uncertain than Lehner's. The 6'3" Rangers backup has appeared in just 57 NHL games to date but he's been fantastic in that small sample. Among goalies who have played at least 2500 minutes over the past two seasons, Talbot is 3rd in 5-on-5 SV% behind a couple of guys named Carey Price and Tuukka Rask. Because Oilers makes a compelling case that Talbot compares favorably to Devils star Cory Schneider at the time he was traded from Vancouver to New Jersey. Again, though, Talbot has played in just 57 NHL games ever and will turn 28 in July. League history is littered with goalies who have looked unbeatable for a season's worth of starts before descending into mediocrity, or worse. Talbot's unspectacular AHL resume doesn't scream "future NHL star" either but with just a $1.45 million caps hit and a likely ranger asking price of little more than a second round pick, he's probably still a bet worth making.
Christianity Johnson on 24 Nov 2008 12:35 am
This weekend, President George W. Bush delivered his Thanksgiving proclamation:
A Thanksgiving proclamation from President Bush
In it you can witness the complete irrationality of Christian thinking. If you are a Christian, this level of irrationailty should give you pause. Here is Bush's first paragraph:
Thanksgiving is a time for families and friends to gather together and express gratitude for all that we have been given, the freedoms we enjoy, and the loved ones who enrich our lives. We recognize that all of these blessings, and life itself, come not from the hand of man but from Almighty God.
This paragraph alone is enough to cause any rational person to note the obvious problem. Which is this: If “we recognize that all of these blessings, and life itself, come not from the hand of man but from Almighty God”, then that must automatically mean that all suffering comes from God as well. Suffering must be the result of God withholding blessings. When millions of children starve to death each year, it is because God has refused to bless them with food. And according to President Bush, there is no way to prevent their starvation, since that would come “from the hand of man”.
The further irrationality of Christian thought can be seen just a few sentences later. In paragraph 1 Bush says that “all… the freedoms we enjoy… all of these blessings, and life itself, come not from the hand of man but from Almighty God.” Then in paragraph 3 he says this:
Our Nation is especially thankful for the brave men and women of our Armed Forces who protect these rights while setting aside their own comfort and safety.
If freedom is a blessing from God, not from the hand of man, then why do we need the hand of man to protect these rights?
And why in the world would a “Christian President” start a war when Jesus reiterates this message so many times in the New Testament:
“You have heard that it was said, ‘Love your neighbor and hate your enemy.' But I tell you: Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, 45that you may be sons of your Father in heaven.” -Matthew 5:43-44
If Bush were following Jesus, there would be no need for Armed Forces, nor their presence fighting in foreign lands, since we should love our enemies instead of waging war.
Do Christians not think about what they are saying? Do they never check their thoughts for internal consistency? How can Christians live with so much obvious contradiction flowing through their brains?
If you are a Christian who is beginning to understand and therefore reject the contradictions, you can find a better way to think in this free book:
– Whywontgodhealamputees.com
Can a sex toy be Christian?
We know that sex toys, marital aids, vibrators, or whatever you call them can't in themselves be Christian or not Christian! So what makes us different? Everything we sell has been extensively researched and scrutinized to ensure it is in classy nudity free packaging and designed to be used together by husbands and wives. We also only order from companies with no ties to pornography. The links on our site, the advice, articles, games and more are all offered to draw you closer in your relationship with your spouse and encourage you to be the husband or wife God intended toy to be! Have fun!
Who We Are...
Covenant Spice is is a husband and wife team dedicated to strengthening marriages and increasing playfulness and intimacy in your sex life. We believe God created marriage to be a lifelong passionate romance. From sex toys,to Christian sex manuals , from body toppings to romantic games, we have every marital aid you need to keep the sparks flying in and out of the bedroom. We are one of the only Christian Intimacy sites where "No Nudity" means just that! You will not find live models or nudity (including blurred images) on our site or on any of our product packaging. We have endeavored to create a web site that you and your spouse can feel comfortable browsing together in the privacy of your own home. We also offer very competitive pricing so you can be confident of receiving high quality romance and sex products at great prices. We are the only Christian romance site to offer a 100% money back satisfaction guarantee! This site is solely for the use of married adults over 18 years of age. It is your responsibility to know whether it is legal for you to view and purchase these products in your state. All items are sold as novelties only.
What We Believe and Why We Do This...
We believe that sex between a husband and a wife is a gift from God, and is meant to be enjoyed in all of its wonder and passion. We believe that according to the scriptures it is acceptable for a husband and wife to explore what ever options bring them pleasure as a married couple that do not cause harm, do not violate a scriptural command, and do not cause either spouse to be uncomfortable. We are aware that many things on this site may come as a surprise to someone from a traditional or more formal Christian background. We would encourage you to pray together as a couple and seek the Lord's wisdom.
Only purchase items that you would both feel comfortable with and enjoy. Be willing however to try new experiences if you spouse displays an interest in them. We believe if you search the scriptures with an open mind you will be blessed as you discover the playfulness, passion and satisfaction that God has created to be a part of your love life. All of these products are offered for use as a couple. They are intended to draw you closer to each other and not in any way to defraud each other of the responsibility we have as Christian couples to meet each others sexual needs.
We believe romantic and sexual toys and gifts are acceptable, as long as they are not in conflict with Scripture, encourage the marital relationship, and are acceptable to both people. Unfortunately, it is sometimes difficult for a Christian to purchase such toys and games. The main outlets for these items tend to be local stores or internet sites that also sell all sorts of pornography. Even the packaging of many of the items is unacceptable. The whole reason that this business exists is to strengthen marriages. This is a place to purchase products that will enhance and strengthen your marriage. This site is also a safe place to send your spouse. There are no inappropriate pictures anywhere to be seen. Some of the book and game products do have simple line drawings, but these are meant to educate instead of titillate.
Do you have a question you would like to ask? Please feel free to contact us and we will do our best to answer you.
Thank you and God's Blessings on Your Marriage!
Covenant Spice
The Ferrari driver crashed into Nico Rosberg's Mercedes at Turn 1 after diving down the inside of Max Verstappen's Red Bull on the opening lap of the race.
The contact sent Rosberg into a spin that dropped him to the back of the field, while Verstappen had to take evasive action and lost positions.
Stewards deemed Vettel was at fault and handed the Ferrari driver a three-place grid drop for the Suzuka race next weekend.
He was also handed two penalty points.
"Having thoroughly reviewed the video and having spoken to the driver concerned, the Stewards determined that although the cars involved in the incident were all moving at relatively similar speeds, the driver of Car 5 made a small error entering to the inside of turn 1 that led to the contact with Car 6," the stewards said.
"As a consequence, Car 6 was caused to spin from second place and loose multiple positions, which the Stewards determined was predominantly the fault of the driver of Car 5 and therefore ordered the penalty above for causing a collision."
Vettel had said after the incident that he had not braked later than Verstappen, who labelled the move as "ridiculous".
"If anything I was braking the same point as him [Verstappen]," said Vettel. "I was going side-by-side, he was squeezing me down to the inside. It's racing.
"I think both of us will make the corner, not a problem. Obviously, Nico decided to take a different line, he's ahead, he's got nothing to do with it and doesn't have to bother what people are doing behind."
Listen to the second part of our answer to a "M I am Curious" question about the Straits pipeline
We've been working to find an answer to the question, "What's the status of the aged Enbridge oil pipeline running through Lake Michigan at the Straits of Mackinac?"
It was posed by Justin Cross for our M I am Curious project.
One of the first things we discovered was that the company holds all the cards.
Enbridge officials have been willing to talk to us about it – but only up to a point.
Here's what we know:
The pipeline's original engineering design called for several extra steps for safety
The pipeline is not subject to cracking because of the way it was built
Corrosion problems are what the experts believe are the greatest risk to this pipeline
The company says the pipeline has never leaked
The bottom of the lake bed shifts, so Enbridge has to install new anchors for support
The company tells the public the pipeline in the Straits crossing is in "excellent" shape
​Here's what we don't know:
We can't see specific documentation that backs up Enbridge's claim that the pipeline is safe
​We go to the Straits of Mackinac
They did invite us to come see the pipeline for ourselves out in the middle of the Straits of Mackinac.
Tom Prew is a regional engineer for Enbridge and he helps the company monitor this pipeline. The company runs a remotely operated vehicle to shoot video of the pipeline every two years. The company has also been installing new anchors on the pipeline for the last 13 years.
We asked Prew what he's noticed about the 61-year-old pipeline.
"It's in real good shape, is what we're noticing. That's the main thing,” said Prew. “I mean the coating is in very good shape. It hasn't changed much since it's been put in."
Prew said that if they had to rebuild it, they'd probably build it the same way.
The pipeline was built in 1953. One 30-inch pipeline is split into two 20-inch pipelines to make the crossing.
The state of Michigan has an easement that laid out some specific requirements for this pipeline.
You can read that easement here.
It stipulates that:
The pipelines should be buried underground until they reach a depth of 65 feet of water.
The pipelines were to be tested at 1,700 psi and operated at 600 psi (Enbridge says they operate today at between 150 and 200 psi).
Automatic shutoff valves on the north end of the lines, and check valves at the south end.
Cathodic protection to prevent corrosion.
The maximum unsupported length of pipeline should not exceed 75 feet.
And carbon content of the steel used to build the pipeline “shall not be in excess of .247%
How these pipelines are different from the pipelines on land
Enbridge says this section of pipeline does not have horizontal weld seams.
Horizontal seams are where a lot of cracking can occur on other pipelines.
Corrosion along a horizontal weld seam on Enbridge's Line 6B pipeline is what lead to that pipeline cracking open. That broken pipeline spilled more than 800,000 gallons of tar sands oil into the Kalamazoo River, and it turned out that Enbridge knew about cracks and corrosion before the spill happened.
As we reported earlier, the experts we talked to said how a pipeline is maintained is much more important than how old it is.
To understand the condition of its pipeline, Enbridge runs tests. They shoot video of the outside and they run tools inside the pipeline to find out how it's doing.
Rick Kuprewicz is a pipeline safety expert. He runs a consulting firm and he's looked at the data that are available.
“From what I've seen they've run the right tools, but I can't tell you what the results are because I haven't seen them," he said.
"From what I've seen they've run the right tools, but I can't tell you what the results are..."
He says he can't say whether the pipelines under Lake Michigan are safe or not.
“You need more information of a specific type with the answers in a manner that gives you confidence.”
Company cites difficult data interpretation as reason to not release documents
The specific pieces of information Kuprewicz says we should look for are the inline inspection reports. There's a tool called a “magnetic flux leakage tool” that shows whether the pipeline has corrosion problems.
Enbridge summarized what they've found in a lengthy report, but it doesn't give specifics about the corrosion tool data in the Straits.
They told us that the pipeline is in good condition, but when we asked them for the documents that prove the pipeline is in good shape, they said the data are difficult to interpret.
“It'd be equivalent to handing somebody an EKG strip on heart monitoring," said Brad Shamla, the vice president of U.S. operations for Enbridge. "You know, you can do all kinds of things by looking at the ups and downs, but at the end of the day, unless you know what you're looking at, it's very difficult to read some of the data.”
"... unless you know what you're looking at, it's very difficult to read some of the data."
He says they do share the data with the federal agency that regulates them.
Governmental roadblocks
But the Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Administration would not talk with us for this report. They told us that we needed to file Freedom of Information Act request for the documents. We did that, and we're waiting for that information.
But there might be other ways to see the data.
Andy Buchsbaum heads up the National Wildlife Foundation's Great Lakes office. He says PHMSA just hasn't done a good job watching these pipeline companies.
“We're all on the hook if there's a spill, but we have little jurisdiction, little authority to make sure that spill doesn't happen — which is crazy.”
The National Wildlife Federation has been asking for more data too. They were one of many groups that pushed the state of Michigan to ask more questions.
The state attorney general's office did, and Enbridge responded.
You can see the detailed questions and responses here.
Enbridge mentions an attachment that shows the data we're looking for, so we asked the state for the data that would tell us whether the pipeline has corrosion problems.
But after a few days, we were told that Enbridge stopped them from sharing it.
Enbridge told the state the data were protected under the Homeland Security Act of 2002.
Here's the Attorney General's office explanation.
Enbridge has asserted that the report from the Inline Inspection Tool Run you requested falls under the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and other federal statutes which Enbridge claims prohibits disclosure of information pertaining to certain critical infrastructure. We're still reviewing their request to prohibit this disclosure but in the meantime, this document is unavailable for us to distribute.
“There are plenty of maps that show where those pipelines are,” the NWF's Andy Buchsbaum says. “Whether they're corroding inside is neither a business concern nor a homeland security concern. It's a concern for the Great Lakes, but it's something we all need to know.”
The state said they can view the data, but it's not in a form that can be shared. They have to log into a website to see it. We asked if they've reviewed it and feel comfortable with what they're seeing. They told us they're still looking at it.
Videos released to state lead to more questions
Enbridge did share inspection videos with the state — and we were able to obtain those. Two folders are labeled as “dent inspections” and they show divers taking a closer look at the pipeline.
Here's one inspection video:
You can see another here.
The company said they learned about the potential dents from their inline inspection tool.
When we asked Enbridge about these videos, they said their inline tool indicated a dent of less than 2% - and results were still pending.
Here's their response:
There were two minor dents reported in the latest geometry ILI report received in July. They were less than the reporting threshold (less than 2%) but were noted in the report by our ILI vendor. We elected to conduct a visual inspection of the pipe to verify. The final report from this visual inspection has not yet been received from the inspection vendor to confirm the presence of a dent.
So back to Justin's question: What's the status of the old Enbridge oil pipeline under the Straits of Mackinac? As one expert told us— the jury is still out.
Enbridge, the National Wildlife Federation, and the state of Michigan have been meeting to talk about the condition of the pipeline, and they say they'll continue to do so.
We're all waiting for Enbridge to share the information that will prove whether the pipeline under Lake Michigan is in good condition.
*Correction- an earlier version of this story stated "The horizontal seam on Enbridge's Line 6B pipeline is what cracked open." The pipeline broke open just below that seam. It's been clarified above.
Highlights
Harvesting in Russia's Siberian Federal district is nearing completion, with 16.6 million mt of grain and pulse being threshed from 98% of the total planted area since the beginning of this marketing year on July 1, Russia's Agricultural Ministry said Wednesday.
Not registered? Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience. Register Now
In 2012, 9.8 million mt of grain were harvested, down from 15.8 million mt in 2011.
With an average yield at 1.72 mt/hectare, compared to 1.15 mt/hectare and 1.61 mt/hectare in 2012 and 2011, this year's harvesting results are the best in the last 10 years, the ministry said.
The highest yield is reported in the Krasnoyarsky region, at 2.46 mt/hectare, against 2 mt/hectare in the corresponding period of last year.
The Russian wheat harvest from the start of the marketing year on July 1 to Tuesday totals 53.7 million mt, up 35.6% year on year, the Ministry of Agriculture said Tuesday.
Wheat has been harvested on 23.3 million hectares, or 97.2% of the total planted area, compared with 21.4 million hectares at the same point last year.
The yield was 2.3 mt/hectare, compared with 1.85 mt/hectare last year.
The total grain and pulse harvest stood at 91.6 million mt from 40.9 million hectares, or 92.9% of the total planted area, an increase of 18.8 million mt compared with last year. The crop yield was 2.24 mt/hectare, compared with 1.89 mt/hectare at the same point in 2012.
Winter crops have been sown on 14.2 million hectares, 86.9% of the forecast area for the 2013-14 crop year, according to the ministry. About 15.6 million hectares had been sown last year.
Wheat is the primary ingredient for ethanol production in Europe. Russia is one of the world's largest wheat exporters.
--Natalia Beales, natalia.beales@platts.com
--Edited by Jonathan Fox, jonathan.fox@platts.com
Iraqis were furious when charges against the guards were thrown out Iraq has ordered 250 former and current staff of US security firm Blackwater to leave within a week, a minister says. Interior Minister Jawad al-Bolani told the Associated Press news agency that all "concerned parties" were notified of the order three days ago. It comes after a US judge last December threw out manslaughter charges against five Blackwater guards over the 2007 killing of 17 Iraqis in Baghdad. The incident stoked anti-American sentiment in Iraq. The activities of foreign security firms in Iraq have been curbed since then. US Vice-President Joe Biden has said the US government will appeal against the court ruling. Mishandled evidence "We want to turn the page. It was a painful experience, and we would like to go forward," Mr Bolani said. Seventeen Iraqis were killed in the shooting in Baghdad's Nisoor Square in September 2007. Iraq maintains the Blackwater guards fired without provocation. Blackwater said the firing followed an ambush on one of its convoys. The US had rejected attempts for a trial in Iraq but charges in the US were thrown out when a judge ruled in December that the guards' constitutional rights had been violated and that the justice department had mishandled evidence. Last month, Mr Biden said during a visit to Iraq that the dismissal of the Blackwater charges was just that and "not an acquittal". Expressing "personal regret" over the incident, he said the US justice department would file its appeal against the court's decision next week. In 2007, Blackwater - now known as Xe Services - was the largest of the US State Department's private security contractors working in Iraq.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Whose motives do you trust more: junior doctors who dedicate their lives to saving the lives of others, or a Tory cabinet minister – Jeremy Hunt – who once co-authored a book calling for the denationalisation of the NHS? It is deplorable that I even have to defend the motives of those enduring antisocial working hours and less pay than other graduates, all for serving as the backbone of Britain's most precious institution.
Yet England's junior doctors are being subjected to a smear campaign, portrayed as venal, militant, deluded and misled – just like other striking workers before them. Polls show that so far, that campaign is failing, probably because millions of us have personal experience of junior doctors and see the chasm between how they are portrayed and reality. But there is no question: the government is determined to defeat this strike to send a very clear message – and not just to the junior doctors.
Jeremy Hunt could have stopped this doctors' strike. But he wanted it | Polly Toynbee Read more
There isn't a straightforward comparison between junior doctors and the miners in the 1980s. The former are middle-class professionals; the latter were the very emblem of the old industrial working class. The British Medical Association has so far not been demonised as “the enemy within”, and – tragically – the miners attracted less public sympathy at the time.
Some of the rhetoric is certainly the same. One government source briefed the BBC that the junior doctors (some of whom voted Tory last year) are trying to bring down the government – a statement that could just as easily have been issued in 1984/85. But the Tories knew that defeating the miners would teach the entire labour movement a lesson: and so it proved, because trade unionism never recovered from the outcome of the miners' strike. If even the miners cannot win, other workers thought, then what hope do we have?
By defeating even near-universally respected junior doctors, the government hopes it can succeed in permanently remodelling the NHS – and teach other public sector workers (teachers, for example) a lesson they will not forget.
It is perverse fantasy to suggest that junior doctors would wage the first full-scale strike in the history of the NHS on a whim. Their new contract is not just bad for them, they argue, but for the safety of their patients.
But this strike is about so much more. Not since its foundation has the NHS suffered such a protracted squeeze in real funding. The government is attempting to strip the “national” from the NHS with policies of marketisation, privatisation and fragmentation. Cuts to local care budgets are piling pressure on to the NHS, and inadequate funding will leave the NHS struggling to deal with our ageing population. If the junior doctors suffer defeat, the government believes it can continue on this disastrous course unimpeded.
That Jeremy Hunt has turned down a pragmatic cross-party deal to trial his plans says it all. Hunt wants to crush the junior doctors and send a message to all of us. Never mind the cost. Never mind if people die. Never mind if junior doctors are left utterly demoralised, and there is an exodus from the profession. It will be a milestone in the Tories' war on the public sector, and that will make it all worthwhile. Contemptible doesn't cover it. But this isn't the time for bitterness. History will see this strike as a turning point, one way or the other. Let's make sure we're on the right side.
President Barack Obama reaffirmed his commitment to protecting abortion rights on Wednesday, the 36th anniversary of the landmark Supreme Court decision, Roe v. Wade, and said that it “stands for a broader principle: that government should not intrude on our most private family matters.”
In a written statement issued on his second full day in office, Mr. Obama acknowledged the deep tensions that have persisted through the decades over abortion.
But, he said, “no matter what our views, we are united in our determination to prevent unintended pregnancies, reduce the need for abortion, and support women and families in the choices they make.”
Mr. Obama's position has anti-abortion groups worried. The president of National Right to Life, Wanda Franz, predicted that the president would pursue a “radical agenda” and on his watch, the number of abortions would “increase dramatically.”
And on the National Mall, where millions gathered on Tuesday to witness Mr. Obama's inauguration, tens of thousands held a rally today marking the Roe v. Wade anniversary, followed by a march to the steps of the Supreme Court.
The statement from Mr. Obama today contrasts with the warm greeting abortion opponents received from President George W. Bush on the same day last year. At a reception at the White House on Jan. 22, 2008, Mr. Bush told March for Life participants that he was “proud to be standing with” them.
“I see people with a deep conviction that even the most vulnerable member of the human family is a child of God,” Mr. Bush said at the time. “You're here because you know that all life deserves to be protected.”
There was also speculation about whether President Obama would use today's anniversary of the 1973 Supreme Court decision to reverse the so-called “Mexico City policy,” which forbids the flow of federal money to international family planning organizations that provide abortions or related services and counseling.
The policy, which President Ronald Reagan put in place in 1984, was repealed by President Clinton early in his term. President Bush's reinstated the ban in his first executive order on Jan. 22, 2001.
XU (X for "unknown" and U for "undercover agent") was a clandestine intelligence organisation working on behalf of Allied powers in occupied Norway during World War II. Though its work proved invaluable for operations against German operations in Norway, most of its operations, organization, etc., were kept secret until 1988.
The name of the organization may have derived from Lauritz Sand, one of the founding members, who had previously worked for British intelligence in Dutch India and coined the name XU, X for "unknown" and U for "undercover agent" for his group.[1] During the early stages of the German occupation of Norway, Sand collaborated with an intelligence group led by major John Hagle and captain Eivind Hjelle. By July 1940, this group came into contact with another group led by Arvid Storsveen.
Although XU was initially organized by a leadership with a military background, its further development relied heavily upon recruiting students from the University of Oslo. As it grew, the group also included professionals around Norway, within railroads, police and so on, and collected maps and photos of German fortifications and forces.
XU was initially organised as part of the Milorg, but as the Norwegian resistance movement grew, it became essential to compartmentalise organisations and teams and thereby enhance security against Nazi and Quisling infiltration, so XU split from the Milorg in the autumn of 1941 when Lauritz Sand and many others were arrested by the Gestapo. Milorg was the Norwegian counterpart to the sabotage service, the Special Operations Executive and so answered to Department FO. IV of the Norwegian High Command. From 1941, XU answered to Department FO. II, which was the branch that worked with Britain's intelligence service SIS.
In the spring of 1942, the Gestapo became aware of XU's activities and initiated operations to identify and arrest its leaders. Several leaders from the Oslo cell, including Storsveen, fled to neutral Sweden in July 1942, and set up headquarters for the organization there. They continued to move in and out of Norway, and Storsveen was killed in a Gestapo operation in Oslo in April 1943 without revealing his role in XU. XU continued its work under the leadership of Øistein Strømnæs and Anne-Sofie Østvedt, whose identities were kept secret until recently.
Strømnæs led XU from occupied Oslo for the rest of the war. Apart from supplying the Allied forces with very detailed data about the state of German forces in Norway, XU also had connections within Nazi Germany. Several of their members were couriers for MI5 agent Paul Rosbaud who had vital information regarding German nuclear research.
By the end of the war XU had some 1,500 agents all over Norway and had developed a sophisticated courier system to the United Kingdom through neutral Sweden. The amount of information could amount to some 500 A4 pages supplied every day. The highly accurate and current intelligence enabled the Allied forces to maintain detailed information about the deployment and condition of German forces throughout Norway. This information proved vital in strategic bombing raids and would have been invaluable if an invasion had been necessary.
XU maintained strict discipline around its cell structure, and the courier system was based on anonymous transfer of information. In one case, it turned out that two operatives who only knew each other by each other's shoes were close friends outside the XU network[citation needed].
After the war ended, confiscated Gestapo information revealed that the Gestapo in Norway had very little intelligence on the size, scope, members, and operations of XU.
The existence of XU was not revealed to the general public until around 1980, when the Norwegian government decided to decorate some of the XU members. The government was criticized for waiting for so long, especially since many double agents, otherwise sworn to secrecy, were convicted as collaborators during the post-war treason trials. Their names were cleared after 1980, and as of 2006, nearly all documents regarding the XU have been released to the public.[citation needed]
Some members [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Donald Trump has not been shy about saying outrageous things on the 2016 campaign trail. (Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 2.0)
Donald Trump's opponents in the primaries were right to call him a con artist, a narcissist and a pathological liar. Just ask “John Miller.”
That's one of the names Trump used with journalists to burnish his status as a bold-faced Manhattan celebrity; he also called himself “John Barron.” Both personae were supposedly publicists who just wanted to explain what a wonderful guy Mr. Trump was and how beautiful women seemed unable to resist his charms.
Last week, The Washington Post ran a story about the “Miller” and “Barron” ruses, which took place years ago, and posted a 1991 recording of “Miller” explaining why Trump was dumping Marla Maples. “He's coming out of a marriage, and he's starting to do tremendously well financially,” the imaginary publicist says to a reporter from People magazine. “Actresses just call to see if they can go out with him and things.” Madonna is ostentatiously name-dropped as someone who “wanted to go out with him.”
The voice is Trump's. He denies it, for some reason — “I don't think it was me,” he said Friday, “it doesn't sound like me” — but the timbre, cadence and word choice on the recording are pure Trump. It could only be him or his evil twin (as if he needed one).
The Post reported that “some reporters found the calls from Miller or Barron disturbing or even creepy; others thought they were just examples of Trump being playful.” Put me firmly in the “creepy” camp.
I don't go so far as to think Trump could have believed these imaginary friends were real. But I do believe that Republican presidential contenders Marco Rubio (who called Trump a con artist), Bobby Jindal (who called him a narcissist) and Ted Cruz (who called him a pathological liar) should feel vindicated. And I believe the nation should be deeply worried about what sort of person the GOP is about to nominate for president.
Does it really matter if Trump had a bit of fun at the expense of some reporters two or three decades ago? It wouldn't if he were merely asking for another season of “The Apprentice.” He wants us to make him the most powerful man in the world, and the “Miller” and “Barron” episodes — along with the transparently untrue denials that they ever took place — betray a level of ambition and insecurity that voters should find deeply alarming.
In my experience, most successful people could be described as needy in some sense. Trump, however, takes neediness to a bizarre and frightening extreme.
He's the son of a wealthy developer who expanded his father's empire. In his younger days, he was a rich and well-connected man about town. It is no surprise that he enjoyed the company of beautiful women. But that, apparently, wasn't nearly enough for Trump. He had to be widely seen with such women on his arm, and he had to be both envied and admired.
When he decided to trade a woman in for a newer model — I know that sounds crude, but this was his modus operandi — he used fake names to call reporters with his side of the story. Was he too cheap to hire a real publicist? Did he believe he was so much more clever than the journalists that they wouldn't know it was really him? (They knew.) Was he obsessed with being portrayed in the gossip columns as “a good guy,” which is what “John Miller” calls him in the recording?
And why deny it now, given the clear evidence of the tape? Why not just laugh it off as a youthful or perhaps middle-aged indiscretion? Why not just say he was having a little fun at the media's expense? “It wasn't me” is only an effective defense absent proof beyond a reasonable doubt that, you know, it was.
I'm taking this seriously because Trump is asking to be taken seriously — which means he wishes to be taken at his word. Someone should explain to him how this works.
He has built a remarkable career on bluster, branding and relentless self-promotion. Self-regard bordering on self-worship and a willingness to bend the truth may have been assets that helped his rise. Insecurity and a need to be loved could have given him motivation. For a vainglorious mogul who lives to plaster his name across the New York skyline — and whose most consequential decision is whether to use travertine marble or Carrara — these are useful traits.
For a president of the United States, they could be catastrophic.
A former touring guitarist of Minnesota electronic pop project Owl City has been charged with “criminal sexual conduct” while on tour with the band in 2013. Thirty-year-old Daniel Jorgensen, of Minneapolis, has been indicted on charges he attempted to lure a 14-year-old fan back to his hotel room and tour bus for sex while the band was in Atlantic City, New Jersey, for a show.
Here's more from the Associated Press, via the Star Tribune:
MAYS LANDING, N.J. — A former backing musician for electronica act Owl City has been charged with criminal sexual contact and attempting to lure a 14-year-old girl to his hotel room while they were playing in Atlantic City in 2013. Thirty-year-old Daniel Jorgensen, of Minneapolis, was indicted Tuesday by a grand jury in Atlantic County, New Jersey. Authorities say he committed criminal sexual contact on the beach and then tried to lure the girl to his hotel room and the band's tour bus to have sex. Bail was set at $100,000. It wasn't immediately clear if he had an attorney. The second-degree attempted luring charge carries a potential penalty of five to 10 years in prison.
According to reports, Jorgensen was allegedly fired from Owl City sometime in 2013 after the Atlantic City incident. Philly.com has more on Jorgensen, who allegedly has been accused of this type of behavior in the past:
Jorgensen, often featured in Instagram photos with young female fans, has been the target of these allegations by fans in other cities. One fan posted in late 2013 about extended contact and flirtations with Jorgensen that culminated with an incident in Atlantic City. In the post, the fan warns others to “stay away from him,” and details her trauma from the extended encounter. She writes that she ultimately realized this was a “legal situation” considered “sexual misconduct with a minor.” Authorities did not say if this was what led to this week's indictment.
The AP and Philly.com add that reps for Owl City did not respond to inquiries seeking comment. Owl City, without Jorgensen, play the Paradise Rock Club on October 12.
Update: It looks like Halo isn't coming after all.
"We currently do not have plans to release any 'Halo' titles on Steam," said a Microsoft spokesperson in response to our query.
Original story: A giant list of games on the Steam database was leaked via the Steam Apps Database, a site dedicated to navigating the labyrinthine maze of knowledge and patent placement that is the Steam registry data.
Fez was EG's Game of the Year last year. Perhaps soon it will co-exist on the same platform as Hotline Miami.
The list contained such notable titles as Halos 1-3, Fez, The Witness, Quantum Conundrum 2, Lococycle, Owlboy, Gunpoint and Dyad.
No one knows how the Steam database works exactly, so it's unclear if these games are actually coming to Steam or if Valve will be adding community hubs for non-Steam games. Or maybe they're just placeholder registries just in case the publisher and Valve decide to bring them to the popular portal later.
While most developers aren't willing to disclose what their game's status is regarding Steam, Dyad creator Shawn McGrath has confirmed to Joystiq that his psychedelic PSN shooter would be making the leap. "This was a rather interesting thing that happened," McGrath said. "I didn't plan on announcing Dyad on Steam yet, but what can I do now?"
McGrath noted that he'd been in talks with Valve regarding a Steam port since March, but nothing was certain until October. He's shooting to have it out by March, "but who knows when it'll actually come out?" he added. McGrath is hoping for a simultaneous PC, Mac and Linux launch, but may have to settle for launching the PC version ahead of the other two.
Elsewhere, Fez creator Phil Fish simply responded to my query with a simple, "no comment for now!" response, but given that Fish has said he'd like to make Fez multiplatform, the Steam version seems very likely.
We're still ringing some proverbial doorbells trying to get the skinny on what games are definitely coming to Steam rather than just probably coming to Steam. For the full list of games originally outed on the database go here.
Re: Fw: FYI
From:john.podesta@gmail.com To: cheryl.mills@gmail.com Date: 2011-12-07 12:24 Subject: Re: Fw: FYI
If the spinning 38-foot tiltrotors of the V-22 Osprey look odd, theyll soon become more familiar. The U.S. Marine Corps begins operational use of the aircraft in September 2007. The Osprey can transport 24 combat troops or up to 20,000 pounds of cargo. With its vertical/short takeoff and landing capabilities, it can fit in tight spots like a helicopter, but can fly twice as fast. In this video, distributed by V-22 manufacturer Boeing during the 2007 Paris Airshow at Le Bourget, the Osprey is seen doing its thingflying like an airplane, taking off like a helicopter, and dropping commandos like Pez. Variants of the V-22 will be ready for use by the Air Force and Special Operations Command in 2009. Video: Boeing
Osprey in Flight (4:26)
The X-47B, an unmanned combat vehicle built as a demonstration aircraft for the U.S. Navy, had its inaugural flight at California's Edwards Air Force Base on February 4, 2011. The Navy hasn't committed to an operational vehicle, but is planning for the X-47B to make an unmanned aircraft carrier landing in 2013. Video: US Navy/Northrop Grumman
X-47B First Flight (1:04)
One of James McDonnell's early concepts, the XP-67 Moonbat was a blended-wing-body design whose performance, thanks to anemic engines, was stamped FAIL. But get a load of the demo flight (and stellar landing) filmed by the U.S. Army Air Forces Air Technical Service Command in 1944. Video: U.S. Army Air Corps
The XP-67 Moonbat (2:08)
A helicopter pilot uses skills learned at the High Altitude Army Aviation Training Site in Colorado to pull off a mountain rescue. On September 21, 2013, HAATS instructor Anders Nielsen flew his Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk to rescue a fallen climber from North Maroon Peak, near Aspen. He had to land a wheel on a small rock to anchor his helicopter. (Video: Mountain Rescue Aspen)
Helicopter Rescue at 14,000 Feet (1:56)
Climb into the cockpit of a Grumman EA-6B Prowler in this silent video produced by VAQ-209-the "Star Warriors"-a squadron based at Naval Air Facility Washington, D.C., Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. The two-seat Grumman A-6 Intruder, an all-weather, Vietnam-era attack airplane for the U.S. Navy, later became the four-seat, advanced electronic warfare Prowler, which added two electronic countermeasures officers behind the pilot and bombardier/navigator. The arm extending from the front of the aircraft and visible through the windscreen is a probe to take on fuel in flight.Today, in addition to the Star Warriors, the EA-6B operates out of Naval Air Station Whidbey Island, Washington, and Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina. These Prowlers periodically operate aboard the Navy's aircraft carriers, one of which, the USS George Washington, has a squadron forward-deployed at Naval Air Station Atsugi, Japan.Roughly half a century after the first A-6 Intruder flew, the Prowler's days are numbered as the Boeing EA-18G "Growler," a variant of the F/A-18F Super Hornet, gradually assumes its job. Video: U.S. Navy/VAQ-209
On the Prowl (5:12)
From the first flight test of the TSR-2 XR219 bomber at Boscombe Down, Wiltshire, England, in September 1964, engineers of the British Aircraft Corporation shot (silent) footage from all angles, in both black and white and color. For the first takeoff, pilot Roland Beamont, with navigator Donald Bowen in the second seat, pitched the TSR-2 into a steep climb with afterburner, buzzed the English countryside, then circled for approach-to-landing maneuvers. During initial tests, the TSR-2 engineers could not perfect the sequence in which the gear retracted into the fuselage after takeoff or descended before landing; the footage shows the first success, on test flight number 10. In his first landings, Beamont flew at a rate of descent too steep and fast to avoid a perilous, embarrassing bounce at touchdown. He smoothed out subsequent landings and deployed a parachute to brake the aircraft to a stop on a short field. After each flight, Beamont and Bowen are met by a white-coated ground crew for debriefing. Footage Courtesy of Imperial War Museum, Duxford, England.
The TSR-2 in Flight (1:21)
On January 20, 1974, General Dynamics test pilot Phil Oestricher readied the first YF-16 for its first hop, a brief flight just a few feet above the runway. But the simulator Oestricher had trained in did not adequately portray control-stick forces, and he hadnt learned to judge how much aileron he was commanding. After liftoff, the YF-16 could barely be controlled, and Oestricher decided it would be safer to take off, try to regain control, and land.
The F-16's First Flight (0:45)
Photographer and writer Ed Darack hops in an MV-22 Osprey along with U.S. Marines in the Kandahar province of Afghanistan. The action starts in a rocky, remote combat outpost (COP) called the Castle, then switches to a rolling takeoff from a paved airfield at Camp Bastion. The Ospreys then climb over agricultural areas to the Helmand River Valley. As the Tiltrotor reaches altitude, the view through its starboard window shows its engine nacelle switching from the vertical mode used for takeoff to an efficient horizontal orientation for level flight, as the hum of the Rolls-Royce engine changes pitch. Pilots point to a hole in the clouds used as a visual flight reference. As the Ospreys reach a machine gun range, the gunner loads and readies the .50 caliber and blasts away. The Ospreys land at another remote COP before touching down at the bustling Kandahar Air Field in Kandahar City, home to fighters and heavy transports. Video: Ed Darack
Ospreys Over Afghanistan (3:52)
This sequence from the 1947 Air Force film "Liberators Over Europe" captures some of the B-24's best-known missions.
Humans are no longer the only primate capable of recalling their own experiences from the past, claim scientists.
We have all at some point in our lives experienced how a certain sound, a specific smell or taste can make distant events from our past – good as bad – spring back to life.
Scientists refer to these flashbacks as ‘autobiographical memory' or with a more popular term: ‘mental time travel'. It describes the ability to recall our own experiences from our past, sometimes decades back in time.
Up until now we have believed this skill a unique ability inherent to our evolved species. But a recent study challenges this conception, claiming evidence of autobiographical memory in both chimpanzees and orangutans.
”We've shown that chimpanzees and orangutans are capable of remembering a task of finding a hidden tool and using it correctly – even though they had only performed the task four times previously and this happened three years ago,” says lead author Gema Martin-Ordas, a postdoc from the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University.
Clever apes never forgot how to get to the food
Back in 2009, Martin-Ordas showed eight chimpanzees and four orangutans how to reach a snack using a long stick. She also demonstrated how another stick was just too short to collect the edible prize.
We've shown that chimpanzees and orangutans are capable of remembering a task of finding a hidden tool and using it correctly – even though they had only performed the task four times previously and this happened three years ago. Gema Martin-Ordas
Later, both sticks were hidden from the apes and their task was now to locate the correct stick and use it to retrieve the food. The researcher repeated this exercise for a total of four times and then she stopped. For the next three years the apes would undergo similar tests and trials but never in the exact same way.
Until a day in 2012 when the monkeys were put in the exact same room as three years earlier and ‘asked' to solve the exact same task.
Incredibly, all but one of the apes were able to successfully retrieve the food whereas none in a control group of eight apes knew what to do. It would seem the chimpanzees and orangutans could remember the episode three years ago and use this memory to find the long stick and use it to claim the reward.
”This implies that apes and humans have much more in common than previously known,” says co-author, Professor Dorthe Berntsen of the Department of Psychology and Behavioural Sciences at Aarhus University.
Memory brings us closer to our distant relatives
To investigate if the apes were able to remember single events, the researchers performed another experiment. Again, the apes had to watch the researchers introduce them to a tool (this time a ball) and then find it again after the researchers had hidden it. Two weeks later, the apes were brought back to the test room and upon seeing the same researchers waiting there in an identical test setup they instantly knew how to find the hidden ball and where to look for it.
Facts This is the first time a study documents signs of autobiographical memory in apes. Our memory forms the basis for much research due to the fact that scientists still have questions about how it works. Experts discern between three types of memories: sensory, short-term and long-term. They think that the hippocampus, along with our frontal cortex, plays a part in selecting which sensory and short-term memories should be stored as a long-term memory.
The complex character of the tests and the fact that the apes were able to find the tools again so readily – even after long durations of time – implies that chimps' and orangutans' ability to remember past events is very alike to that of humans' autobiographical memory, say the researchers.
”We know that humans often get spontaneous autobiographical memories when they're exposed to certain cues – just like the apes in the study. This implies that at least the spontaneous side of human memory is very old, evolutionarily speaking,” says Berntsen.
The study is published in the journal Current Biology.
----------------------
Read the Danish version of this article at videnskab.dk
In Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, Juliet opines that the fact of Romeo's being a Montague (sworn enemy of her family, the Capulets) means nothing at all. After all, “What's in a name? That which we call a rose/By any other name would smell as sweet.”
Well, Juliet, not even close. The truth seems to be that names markedly alter our perceptions. In experiments in which smells are given positive names—say, “banana bread,” “black licorice,” or “orange peel”—sniffers perceive them as much pleasanter than when the same smells are given negative names, such as “moldy vegetables,” “insect repellant,” and “dead animal.” A rose dubbed “hospital disinfectant,” in other words, might not smell particularly sweet to us at all.
Even our own proper names can come back to bite us. If you were christened DeShawn, LaToya, Precious, or Jamal, for example, you're much less likely to be tapped for a job interview than the identically credentialed Brendan, Brad, Emily, or Claire. And if you're looking for a job in the sciences, according to a 2012 study from Yale, your name better be male: faculty employers, presented with identical resumés, reproducibly found applicants with male names to be superior to those with female names, and recommended that the “males” get significantly higher salaries.
Names also matter when it comes to food. During World War II, the Department of Defense enlisted a cadre of psychologists and anthropologists—among them Margaret Mead—to convince the American public to eat unpopular organ meats (hearts, kidneys, brains, stomachs, and intestines) and other avoided animal parts, such as cows' heads, chickens' feet, and pigs' ears. One ploy was to simply change the name: while people balked at brains, most were willing to accept “variety meats.”
View Images Jell-O—a traditional American dessert—contains gelatin, or a flavorless food product derived from animals. Photograph by Sébastien Barré
When it comes to food, we're also suckers for adjectives. Studies show that customers at restaurants and cafeterias are more likely to order food and find it tasty if it comes with a descriptor. “Succulent seafood filet,” for example, trumps barebones “seafood filet;” and we prefer chicken if it's touted as “home-style” and lettuce if it's preceded by “crispy.”
Given all this, you can imagine how we react to “pink slime.”
Pink slime first created a media storm in 2012, in part due to British chef Jamie Oliver, who devoted a TV show to demonstrating (dramatically, but misleadingly) how the stuff is made. Tactfully referred to by the meat industry as “lean, finely textured beef” (LFTB), pink slime is a hash of leftover beef trimmings, heated, centrifuged to separate protein from fat, and then treated (with ammonium hydroxide or citric acid) to kill pathogens, notably E. coli and Salmonella. It's then used as meat filler, to bulk up hamburger, hotdogs, and other processed meats.
The consensus among scientists and consumer advocates is that there's really nothing wrong with pink slime. Granted, it's not filet mignon, but it's reasonably safe and nutritious; it lowers the overall fat content of hamburger; and it's cheap, which is a help to school, all struggling with slashed budgets and the need to supply some 50 million kids with lunches. So why all the brouhaha?
And why—if pink slime's content sends us into fits–aren't we equally upset about sausage or Jell-O? Sausage, deconstructed, is a hotch-potch of meat scraps, organs, blood, and miscellaneous tissues, plus generous dollops of spices and chemical preservatives. Jell-O–staple dessert of hospitals—is made of gelatin, which in turn is made from boiled bones.
The pink slime panic is a classic demonstration of the power of a name—a reaction to what marketing analysts call “negative branding.” There's nothing positive about the word slime. Slime is the icky goo of creeping fungi and oozy swamps. Slime is what happened to the unlucky in Ghostbusters. My thesaurus lists twelve synonyms for slime, all bad. Slimy people are creepy sycophants. An evil boyfriend is a slimeball.
The media hype over pink slime benefits from our justifiable worries about what's in the food we're eating—and there are certainly a lot of worrisome issues there. But sometimes, as in the case of pink slime, things aren't as bad as they look.
It's important to remember that a name packs a lot of biased punch. Look at what happened to Romeo and Juliet.
This story is part of National Geographic's special eight-month Future of Food series.
A committee of experts convened by the prestigious Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences recently wrestled with that question as well. In its report on graduate medical education, the committee did not buy into the proposition of the two economists on the panel. Yet at least it acknowledged them in passing in proposing ways to streamline continued government funding. (An excellent summary of the report by two of its editors was just published in The New England Journal of Medicine.)
A cap on government funding of graduate medical education, instituted as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, is being fingered as the culprit behind what could become a serious shortage of physicians in this country. Even The Wall Street Journal, typically no fan of increased government spending, published some op-eds calling for increased government funding of graduate medical education.
The usual argument for public financing of a public good is that it can be shown that private markets would vastly undersupply such goods. Economists define public goods as those that are “nonrival” and “non-excludable.” Clean air and the security from external and internal national defense are classic examples. Such a good is “nonrival” in the sense that one person's consumption of the good does not preclude other persons from consuming it. It is “non-excludable” because individuals cannot be excluded from using the good.
Medical education and training represents human capital that is fully owned by the trainees. They can deploy it as they wish — on patient care, or even in the financial markets, where quite a few physicians now work. In principle, therefore, the owners of that valuable, purely private human capital should pay themselves for its production. That physicians serve society can be acknowledged, but so do many other professions whose education is not publicly funded. Just because privately owned human capital serves the public does not make it a public good.
The proposition that residents reimburse teaching hospitals for the cost of their training rests on the assumption that, at the margin, residents — especially as they become more senior — add far greater revenue to teaching hospitals than they are paid in salary. The difference between that value added and the residents' usually meager salaries is the reimbursement for the added costs teaching hospitals incur on residency training.
Floridians have long recognised climate's threat to their homes. Amid the disaster wrought by Harvey, home buyers may look to higher ground
If Florida gleaned anything from Hurricane Andrew, the intensely powerful storm that tore a deadly trail of destruction across Miami-Dade County almost exactly 25 years to the day that Hurricane Harvey barrelled into the Texas coastline, it was that living in areas exposed to the wrath of Mother Nature can come at a substantial cost.
At the time the most expensive natural disaster ever to hit the US, Andrew caused an estimated $15bn in insured losses in the state and changed the way insurance companies assessed their exposure to risk for weather-related events.
If Donald Trump doesn't tackle climate change, then Chicago will | Rahm Emanuel Read more
Many of the lessons that Florida has learned since 1992 have parallels in the unfolding disaster in Texas, experts say, and what was already a trend toward factoring in environmental threats and climate change to land and property values looks certain to become the standard nationwide as Houston begins to mop up from the misery of Harvey.
“The question is whether people are going to be basing their real estate decisions on climate change futures,” said Hugh Gladwin, professor of anthropology at Florida International University, who says his research suggests higher-standing areas of Miami are becoming increasingly gentrified as a result of sea level rise.
“In any coastal area there's extra value in property, [but] climate change, insofar as it increases risks for those properties from any specific set of hazards – like flooding and storm surge – will decrease value.”
Miami Beach in particular has become a poster child for the effects of climate change, with some studies making grim predictions of a 5ft sea level rise by the end of the century and others suggesting that up to $23bn of existing property statewide could be underwater by 2050.
To counter those effects and preserve property values, Miami Beach has embarked on an ambitious and costly defensive programme that includes raising roads and installing powerful new pumps to shift the ever more regular floodwaters.
Even so, there are indications that investors are already looking to higher ground elsewhere in the city, such as the traditionally poor, black neighbourhoods of Little Haiti and Liberty City. “The older urban core was settled on the coastal ridge and anything below that was flooded. The coastal ridge we're talking about is clearly gentrifying,” Gladwin said.
Or, as the journal Scientific American put it in its own investigation in May: “Real estate investment may no longer be just about the next hot neighbourhood, it may also now be about the next dry neighbourhood.”
Other analysts cite recent storms including Harvey, as well as Sandy, which wrecked areas of New Jersey and New York in 2012, as evidence.
“You have folks in south Florida buying houses in North Carolina and Tennessee, because they like the scenery but also because it's high ground. If south Florida drops off into the ocean, they'll have a place to go,” said Andrew Frey, vice-chairman of the south-east Florida/Caribbean Urban Land Institute and a Miami real estate developer.
“The more frequent these volatile superstorms become, the more people will look to build in safer places. If seas are rising three millimetres a year that's one thing, but if we're getting superstorms every couple of years with greater frequency and intensity, things can change a lot faster.”
Such concerns have fuelled demand for data-driven analysis and climate aggregation services that offer real estate advice to clients ranging from large corporations, state and local governments to farmers and individual house buyers.
One such number-crunching company, the San Francisco-based Climate Corporation, which collates and analyses National Weather Service data mostly for clients in agriculture, has previously warned that it would take only “a few climatic events in a row” for a collapse in property values “that will make the housing crisis [of 2008] look small”.
Its assessment is backed by Albert Slap, president and co-founder of Coastal Risk Consulting, a Florida firm that provides flood risk analysis reports. Slap said Harvey was only the latest natural disaster to expose flaws in the national flood insurance programme allowing property owners in the Federal Emergency Management Agency's so-called Zone X – areas at risk of a once-in-500-years flood event – not to carry coverage or fully disclose their flood risk when they sell.
It's a fact: climate change made Hurricane Harvey more deadly | Michael E Mann Read more
“With storm surge and heavy rainfall increasing and climate and sea level rise, the system is just not working,” he said.
“Millions more people need flood insurance than have it and the crazy thing about Houston was only 15% of those who were flooded had flood insurance. The risk communication is not enough.
“You have thousands of properties in Norfolk, Annapolis, Atlantic City, Savannah, Charleston and Miami Beach where part of the property goes underwater with seawater for days at a time. When you have fish swimming in your driveway, it's not an amenity, like a swimming pool. It means you're driving through saltwater to get your kids to school, get to the supermarket, whatever you're going to do.
“Will there be a massive decline in the property values of the flooded areas in Houston? Common sense would say yes. And if that's combined with new legislation that's going to require full disclosure, then wow.”
By Daisy Maxey
Fund investors cannot live by dividends alone.
Low interest rates have prompted a rush among investors for yield, but neither investors nor their advisers should veer from long-term investment strategies or invest in high-yielding funds that aren't otherwise worthy.
This year through May 1, investors have taken about $2.65 billion out of U.S. stock funds overall—while placing a net $12.72 billion in mutual funds and exchange-traded funds that focus on dividend-paying stocks, according to EPFR Global.
“There's a bit of performance-chasing in all this flurry for dividends,” says Dan Culloton, associate director of fund analysis at Morningstar. He attributes this to strong performance in dividend-paying funds in 2008 and in most of last year.
“Investors have to ask themselves, ‘Am I just looking in the rear-view mirror, or am I really trying to create a balanced portfolio that will serve me over the long term?'” he says.
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is perhaps one of the longest running rumours in football, yes, Joleon Lescott is being linked with Aston Villa .
It was a strong rumour years ago when he was a shining light in the Wolves team, it also continued when he was at Everton.
Since he has been at Manchester City it has been an ongoing rumour.
The latest report on TalkSPORT suggests that Villa are looking at at £6m bid for defender.
The Birmingham born star is seemingly surplus to requirements at the Etihad and a number of clubs are monitoring his progress.
The report also suggests that talks HAVE taken place between the two clubs with Villa keen on City picking up a percentage of his wage demands.
Rate the rumour below and see how the 'credability' dial changes as others vote.
Read more at http://talksport.com/football/aston-villa-weigh-ps6million-move-man-city-defender-14010774556#hDzdrEYqOcvaC4Of.99
To repeat something mentioned below, John McCain told Katie Couric that the surge caused the Anbar Awakening:
Colonel McFarland was contacted by one of the major Sunni sheiks. Because of the surge we were able to go out and protect that sheik and others. And it began the Anbar awakening. I mean, that's just a matter of history.
And yet here's an article McFarland co-wrote which makes it clear that not only did the events he was involved with predate the surge, but he was out of Anbar by February 2007 -- just as the first surge forces were arriving. The term "surge" doesn't so much as appear in his account. Seth Colter Walls notes that McCain himself understood the chronology correctly at one point.
Meanwhile, as Keith Olbermann apparently noted in tonight's broadcast, CBS (part of the vast media conspiracy that McCain believes is arrayed against him) handled McCain's blunder by using misleading editing to cover it up: "CBS curiously, to say the least, left it on the edit room floor. It aired Katie Couric's question, but in response, it aired part of McCain's answer to the other question instead." Sometimes things have to end up on the cutting room floor in television, but it seems to me that if you show video of a question being asked, you ought to cut to the interviewee answering that question not just show some other film. Certainly when you've got a candidate who's made the idea that he's super-knowledgeable about national security policy misstating the basic facts of the issue that seems noteworthy.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
With Matt Gurney at sea hunting the great white that took his leg in '98, Jonathan Goldsbie and Chris Selley debate the City of Toronto's controversial shark fin ban.
Selley: The existence of Toronto's shark fin ban is proof that some of our city councillors have too much time on their hands, or should be spending more of it with their friends and families instead of locked in City Hall debating useless symbolic bylaws. And Ontario Superior Court Justice James Spence's decision striking down the bylaw as “ultra vires and of no force and effect” sends a very welcome message: The definition of a “municipal issue” doesn't hinge on the opinion of a majority of jumped-up city councillors, but rather on the City of Toronto Act. And a shark fin ban that claims, ludicrously, to be concerned with a potential “adverse impact on the health, safety and well-being of persons, and on the economic, social and environmental well-being of the city of Toronto,” doesn't pass muster. (A more honest preamble might have read, “Whereas certain councillors wish very publicly to reassert their liberal bona fides…” — but honesty probably wouldn't have saved the bylaw.) Naturally, the ban-promoters are demanding an appeal — which is to say yet more City resources down the drain. But having passed an ultra vires bylaw on shark fins and narrowly avoided foisting an ultra-ridiculous plastic bag ban upon us, I suggest they accept defeat, write a joint letter to Dalton McGuinty and Stephen Harper in support of their fishy friends, and go back to minding their own business. It seems to need more attention than they're giving it.
Goldsbie: For at least the past couple of decades, successive federal and provincial governments have been quite content to cultivate a sense of impotence on the part of citizens. Passion and compassion, hope and enthusiasm are greeted with monumental indifference; the role of the citizen is reduced to voting once every few years. As a result, people have turned their attention and efforts toward local governments, which are frequently more responsive, open-minded and likely to take action. This is why municipalities across the world are often leaders in tackling climate change — cities are small enough that their conduct is manageable, and large enough that their conduct is of consequence. The City of Toronto's ban on shark fin products has to be viewed in this context. The question, then, is the precise extent of municipal powers, which both the relevant law and the larger jurisprudence suggest should be interpreted broadly. There are limits to these powers, however, and Justice Spence largely echoed the warnings that City Council received from its own solicitors: that a bylaw banning shark fin products lacks a clear municipal purpose. The City is on poor legal footing here, in a number of respects, but I disagree with the judge on a key point. He wrote that “although ecological threats facing the planet affect the entire planet, including the City, that does not make those ecological threats a municipal issue.” The notion that a municipality lacks the ability to defend the larger ecosystems in which it is necessarily situated is rather anachronistic, and could have significant implications for any number of initiatives whose benefits to Toronto residents are indirect or not concretely apparent.
Selley: I'm intrigued on two fronts: intrigued as to how large an ecosystem we must conceive of such that Toronto cohabitates one with sharks; and intrigued as to how it is “anachronistic” to think that Toronto cannot make any worthwhile dent in the market for a product that is 95% based in China, when we're surrounded by jurisdictions — containing many banquet halls catering to, among other things, Chinese weddings — that don't ban shark fin. If we agree that the city is on weak legal footing, then I don't really see how this is defensible on any level. If councillors want the City of Toronto Act amended such that the city is allowed to do all sorts of symbolic stuff with no purpose, then they should advocate for that. We wouldn't want citizens to feel impotent.
Goldsbie: Just because the City is on weak legal footing and faces an uphill battle in preserving the ban, doesn't mean it shouldn't continue to defend the bylaw in the courts. Rulings that define the scope of the City's powers must be examined and clarified to the fullest extent that our judicial system allows. Not too long ago, the Superior Court of Justice effectively struck down Toronto's new billboard bylaw, based on a strict and literal reading of a passage of the City of Toronto Act. Despite the apparent unambiguity of the Act's language, Council chose to challenge the decision, and was ultimately successful in convincing the Court of Appeal to overturn the earlier ruling and affirm the City's interpretation of its own legislative authority. The validity of the shark fin ban is being questioned on very different grounds than the billboard bylaw was, but it nevertheless remains crucial that the City continues to press its right to take action on matters that its citizens and elected leaders deem to be of importance.
NATHAN CHAN/THE VARSITY
U of T psychology professor Jordan Peterson has released a nearly two hour-long discussion with Camille Paglia, a professor at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia. In the video, Peterson says that men can't control “crazy women” because men are not allowed to physically fight them.
The interview was uploaded to his YouTube channel on October 2 and was reported on five days later by Canadian news outlet Press Progress.
Approximately 30 minutes into the video, Peterson and Paglia begin discussing societal gender roles. After the 37-minute mark of the video, Peterson claims that there is an “underlying threat of physicality” in “real conversations” between men which “keeps the things civilized to some degree.”
“Here's the problem, I know how to stand up to a man who's unfairly trespassed against me and the reason I know that is because the parameters for my resistance are quite well-defined, which is: we talk, we argue, we push, and then it becomes physical. If we move beyond the boundaries of civil discourse, we know what the next step is,” he claims. “That's forbidden in discourse with women and so I don't think that men can control crazy women. I really don't believe it.”
Regarding the necessity of the “underlying threat of physicality,” Peterson says, “If you're talking to a man who wouldn't fight with you under any circumstances whatsoever, then you're talking to someone to whom you have absolutely no respect.”
Peterson also offers an example in which he claims that a female activist organized a movement against him and compared him to Nazis. “I'm defenceless against that kind of female insanity because the techniques that I would use against a man who was employing those tactics are forbidden to me,” he says.
Peterson concludes that “sane women” should “stand up against their crazy sisters.”
The U of T psychology professor made headlines last fall after releasing a video criticizing gender-neutral pronouns and Bill C-16, a federal bill that protects against discrimination based on gender identity and expression. Peterson is currently on sabbatical and not teaching classes at U of T.
The Varsity has reached out to U of T media relations and Peterson for comment.
The California Republican Assembly has come under attack this week for CoveringHealthCareCA.com, which critics claim is a "deceptive" website meant to dissuade Californians from signing up on the state health care exchange.
Though it launched in August, the site made waves this week after a number of GOP Assembly members sent out mailers to their constituents, highlighting the page as a "resource guide" for information on the Affordable Care Act.
Sabrina Demayo Lockhart, communications director for the Assembly GOP Caucus, told ABC News that the goal of the site was informational. "It's a complex law, and we wanted to make sure our constituents had the tools to understand what this law meant for them."
But many are equating the site, whose URL resembles the official California insurance exchange site ( CoveredCa.com), to the onslaught of fake insurance sites popping up in the state - 10 of which were shut down by Calif. Atty. Gen. Kamala Harris in November - since the implementation of Obamacare.
Critics say the GOP site only highlights the costs and penalties of the Affordable Care Act and ignores its potential benefits. Sections in question include an interactive calculator that totals the tax penalties Californians may incur if they don't register for insurance, as well as the "Young Adults" section, which states:
"The Affordable Care Act requires young adults to pay higher premiums for health insurance because the law prohibits insurers from denying coverage to sicker individuals because of pre-existing conditions and limits what they can charge to older or sicker policyholders. This will mean that young adults will pay higher premiums even though they are generally healthier and do not visit the doctor as often."
"It's outrageous that our elected officials in California are using taxpayer dollars to intentionally mislead their constituents and divert them from CoveredCA.com," said Dr. Paul Song, executive chairman of the progressive California-based group Courage Campaign, in a released statement. "Republicans in Sacramento have wasted taxpayer dollars building a fake website in an attempt to sow confusion and fear, in a futile attempt to discredit the law."
Following backlash the site was updated this week, the L.A Times reported, to include a direct link to the official Covered California website, as well as to the site's "Learn More" and "I don't have insurance" tab, a revision Lockhart told ABC News was made on feedback from site visitors.
Even with changes to the site, the GOP assembly was not dissuaded. Lockhart reiterated that the site was merely for information, adding that the criticism was "manufactured outrage on the Internet" and "an effort by the left as a distraction from the real problem of failed health care government implementation."
California's state health care exchange has been a leader in successful sign-ups, with higher enrollment figures than the federal Obamacare exchange. In the first two weeks of November, the state had already exceeded October figures significantly.
This post has been updated.
Prime Minister Bill English says it is misleading to suggest that US billionaire Peter Thiel "just turned up at the airport and became a citizen".
Photo: AFP
Mr Thiel was granted citizenship in June 2011 despite only having spent 12 days in the country, and not intending to live here in the future.
The Department of Internal Affairs was forced to reveal the fleeting nature of the entrepreneur's time in the country last week after RNZ complained to the Ombudsman.
Normally a permanent resident has to spend more than 70 percent of their time in New Zealand over five years - more than 1300 days - before they can apply for citizenship.
Mr English told Morning Report it was wrong to suggest that Mr Thiel bought his citizenship.
The technology investor, entrepreneur and philanthropist had already been granted residency in 2006 under the previous Labour government, he said.
"He didn't just turn up at the airport and become a citizen."
He said Nathan Guy, who was Internal Affairs Minister at the time the citizenship was granted, had used his discretion and was "quite happy" with that decision.
"I think we need to remember the context. At the time that New Zealand was coming out of recession, looking for flows of capital, things that might help us get ahead."
Mr English said Mr Thiel's contacts in the US tech sector were useful for New Zealand's industry.
And he said more people wanted to be citizens of a safe, stable, credible country and that New Zealand's profile was rising around the world.
"Tiger Balm" redirects here. For the generic product, see liniment
Haw Par Corporation Limited Traditional Chinese 虎豹企業有限公司 Simplified Chinese 虎豹企业有限公司 Transcriptions Haw Par Brothers International Limited Traditional Chinese 虎豹兄弟國際有限公司 Transcriptions
Eng Aun Tong Traditional Chinese 永安堂 Transcriptions
Tiger Balm Traditional Chinese 虎標 Literal meaning Tiger Brand Transcriptions
Kwan Loong Traditional Chinese 均隆 Transcriptions
Haw Par Corporation Limited is a Singapore-based company involved in healthcare, leisure products, property and investment. It is the company responsible for Tiger Balm branded liniment (ointment). Its brands also included Kwan Loong and it also owns and operates weekend and leisure time destinations such as oceanariums.[citation needed]
The Haw Par Group owns two oceanariums: the now defunct Underwater World oceanarium attraction at Sentosa, Singapore,[citation needed] and Underwater World Pattaya in Thailand.[citation needed]
History [ edit ]
Predecessors [ edit ]
The predecessor of Haw Par Corporation, Eng Aun Tong, was founded by Aw Chu Kin, father of Aw Boon Haw and Boon Par brothers. Eng Aun Tong was then relocated to Singapore and expanded its branch to many Chinese communities in Asia. Aw Boon Haw also built Haw Par Villas in Hong Kong, Singapore and in Yongding District, Longyan, China. A private company, Haw Par Brothers (Private) Limited was incorporated in 1932[2] as a holding company for a vast majority of the family assets.
After the death of Boon Par in 1944 and Boon Haw in 1954, the Haw Par Brothers (Private) Limited was owned by the descendant of the two brothers. However, companies such as Sin Poh Amalgamated (Hong Kong) (incorporated in 1951) and the publisher of Hong Kong Tiger Standard (incorporated in 1949) were owned by Aw family directly especially Sally Aw and Aw Toke Tone, son of Aw Hoe. Aw Hoe, adopted son of Aw Boon Haw, helped his father to establish Sing Tao Daily and Hong Kong Tiger Standard, died in a plane crash in 1951. According to Gren Manuel, a reporter of South China Morning Post, citing Aw Boon Haw's will filed in Hong Kong Public Record Office, Sally Aw and her adopted mother Tan Kim-kee (Chinese: 陳金枝) would inherit Aw Boon Haw's assets, and requesting them to use them in whole or part for charitable and/or benevolent and/or philanthropic purpose,[3] while other sons and daughters of Aw Boon Haw, either received cash as heritage in 1954,[3] or already received some of the shares of the companies such as Sin Poh Amalgamated (Hong Kong)[4] and The Tiger Standard Limited[5] at the incorporation of the companies. Sally Aw's elder (adopted) brother, Aw Swan, was renounced by Aw Boon Haw as son in 1952.[6][7] Filing in Hong Kong Company Registries shown Sally inherited all the shares (220 out of 500 shares) of The Tiger Standard Limited that was owned by Aw Boon Haw, with the rest were owned by other member of Aw family as well as still under the name of late Aw Hoe (150 out of 500 shares) in early 1970s.[8][9]
At the same time that Haw Par Brothers (Private) Limited made an open invitation to sell the Tiger Balm Garden of Hong Kong,[10][11] Sally Aw and her mum Tan Kim-kee also sued Haw Par Brothers (Private) in order to reclaim deposits allegedly made by them in the company in 1961.[12][13] The lawsuit was dismissed in 1962.[14] Sally Aw also made another petition to wind up the company in 1961.[15] Sally Aw withdrew the petition in the same year,[16][17] after the barrister of Haw Par Brothers (Private) presented evidence on reclaiming Hong Kong Eng Aun Tong and its factory, which Sally Aw alleged that Hong Kong Eng Aun Tong (Limited) and another entity (Chinese: 虎標永安堂藥廠; literally: 'Tiger Balm Eng Aun Tong Pharmaceutical") were not the same and only the former was belongs to Haw Par Brothers (Private), with the rest was Aw Boon Haw's personal heritage.[17][18] Sally Aw also sued Haw Par Brothers (Private) in 1959.[19] In 1962, Aw It Haws, younger (half) brother of Sally, was instated as the director of Hong Kong Tiger Balm Eng Aun Tong Pharmaceutical.[20] The lawsuit of the heritage of Aw Boon Haw was finally settled in 1967 by Sally Aw paying the company S$1.75 million.[21] However, just 2 years after the settlement of the ownership of the heritage, some of the Aw family decided to sell the assets to the public by initial public offering.
Establishment, IPO and family dispute [ edit ]
Haw Par Brothers International Limited was incorporated on 18 July 1969 by the Aw family (descendant of the late Aw Boon Haw and Boon Par brothers), in order to list most of the assets of Haw Par Brothers (Private) Limited on the Stock Exchange of Malaysia and Singapore.[22] The assets included the brand Eng Aun Tong and Tiger Balm for liniment products, Sin Poh (Star News) Amalgamated that publishes newspaper in Singapore and Malaysia, as well as subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Thailand.[nb 1][22] The company also owned an equity investment in Chung Khiaw Bank (Chinese: 祟僑銀行), as well as a lease contract that signed between Haw Par Brothers International and Haw Par Brothers (Private), to use the Tiger Balm Gardens in Hong Kong and Singapore that were owned by the latter.[22] The shares started to trade in the exchange in November 1969.[23][24]
The listed company made a major disinvestment in 1970, selling Hong Kong Eng Aun Tong building located in Wan Chai Road for HK$2.8 million, in order to raise fund the Hong Kong subsidiary for other investment.[25] Nevertheless, the actual price was disputed, as the buyer told the press in Hong Kong another figure.[26]
However, a year after IPO, Aw family sold the controlling stake of the family to Slater Walker,[27] At the same time Sin Poh (Star News) Amalgamated was privatized by Aw Cheng Chye (Chinese: 胡清才), the eldest son of the late Aw Boon Par.[28] Aw Cheng Chye also bought back some of the shares from Slater Walker.[29] Haw Par Brothers International also sold 49.8% stake of Chung Khiaw Bank to United Overseas Bank for S$22 million.[30] Aw Cheng Chye was also re-elected as the chairman of Haw Par Brothers International despite the takeover.[31] After the sudden death of Aw Cheng Chye during a trip in Santiago de Chile in August 1971,[32] as well as re-election of the board of directors, it was reported that the listed company was chaired by Richard Tarling[33][26] while Haw Par Brothers (Private) Limited was chaired by Aw It Haws (Chinese: 胡一虎), the fourth and the first biological son of the late Aw Boon Haw.[33][34]
Aw Kow (Chinese: 胡蛟), the eldest (adopted) son of the late Aw Boon Haw, who resigned as the director of Sin Poh (Star News) Amalgamated and the managing director of Sin Chew Jit Poh in May 1971[35][36] due to his personal investment in Eastern Sun, also sued Haw Par Brothers (Private) Limited in 1972 for blocking him to read its accounts and financial statements, claiming under the late Aw Cheng Chye, the company allowed personal spending of Aw Cheng Chye, was invoiced by the company itself.[37] The lawsuit was settled in 1977, in favour Aw Kow.[38]
In the autobiography Escape from Paradise by John & May Chu Harding, they also claimed that Aw Cheng Chye's decision to make Haw Par Brothers International public, was against the wish of the part of the Aw family.[39]:42 May Chu Harding, née Lee, was the great-granddaughter of Aw Boon Par, or granddaughter of Lee Chee Shan and Aw Cheng Hu.[39]:18 Lee Chee Shan was the president of Chung Khiaw Bank in 1971.[35]
Under Aw Cheng Chye as chairman, Haw Par Brothers (Private) also attempted to sell Tiger Balm Garden of Hong Kong in 1961;[10] the last piece of the garden was sold to Cheung Kong in 1998 and the main building of the mansion was donated to the Hong Kong Government.
Expansion under Slater Walker [ edit ]
After Haw Par Brothers International was takeover by Slater Walker in June 1971, the new owner changed Haw Par Brothers International from a family-held business into a true business enterprise. Slater Walker also sold 20% stake of Haw Par Brothers International to Slater Walker's associate company Australian Industrial and Mining Corporation (Austim) in November 1971, as well as a second listing of Haw Par Brothers International on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange [zh][40] and in the London Stock Exchange.[41][42] Austim sold 55% stake of Motor and General Investment Underwriters Holdings Singapore to Haw Par Brothers International in August 1971.[43] It was announced that the Holdings would purchase a Singapore construction company Scott & English (Chinese: 錦泰) in September 1971.[33]
After the resignation of both Lee Aik Sim (Lee Santipongchai, Chinese: 李益森), and his wife Aw Cheng Sin (Suri Santipongchai, Chinese: 胡清心), the daughter of late Aw Boon Par as the directors of Haw Par Brothers (Thailand) in January 1972,[44] the subsidiary was sold in the same month to Jack Chia (Chinese: 謝志正).[45][46] Jack Chia and Haw Par Brothers International also formed a joint venture, which the joint venture have the rights to use "Tiger Balm" brand. In March 1972 Haw Par Brothers International acquired fellow pharmaceutical company in Chinese medicines, Hong Kong listed company Kwan Loong & Co.,[47] However, Slater Walker turned the Hong Kong company into an investment vehicle in financial market, which was known as Slater Walker Securities (Hong Kong).[48]
In April 1972, Haw Par Brothers International made a strategic investment on a property on 302 Orchard Road.[49]
In 1973 the company expanded to Japan[50] as well as bought 29% stake of a London-listed company London Tin Corporation.[51][52] Haw Par Brothers International financed the deal by a proposed recapitalization.[53] The stake was sold in 1976 and the sub-holding company that Haw Par Brothers International established in London, was sold in 1982.[54][55]
Collapse of Slater Walker [ edit ]
The parent company Slater Walker was collapsed after the secondary banking crisis of 1973–75; the company was bail-out by the Bank of England.[56] For Haw Par Brothers International itself, financial irregularities was exposed, which former chairman Tarling was jailed for 6 months in 1979.[57]
The company was then acquired by Singapore-local Wee Cho Yaw.
Recent history [ edit ]
Subsidiaries, brands and products [ edit ]
Kwan Loong (Chinese: 均隆) was originated from a different listed company of the same name (Kwan Loong & Co., Chinese: 均隆號), which was acquired in March 1972.[47] Its produces medicated oil, more specially 驅風油, literally oil that expel headache[nb 2].
Gallery [ edit ]
Former Eng Aun Tong in Singapore. Photographed in 2012
Eng Aun Tong Building in Guangzhou, circa 1939. It was nationalized by the People's Republic of China in 1949
Eng Aun Tong Building in Xiamen, circa 1930s. It was nationalized by the People's Republic of China in 1949
Eng Aun Tong advertisement in the 1930s
First issue of Sin Chew Jit Poh in 1929. Sin Chew Jit Poh was the product of Haw Par Brothers International from 1969 to 1971
^ Haw Par Brothers (Hong Kong) Limited, Haw Par Brothers Eng Aun Tong (Taiwan) Limited and Haw Par Brothers (Thailand) Limited respectively ^ 風 means wind, but 頭風 ; literally: '"headwind"" means headache; less frequent usage was 肚風 , a word to describe not feeling well of the stomach. However, Kwan Loong and other maker of 驅風油 , claimed other medical application of the oil, such as dizziness[58] / giddiness;[59] Other companies translated the oil as "universal oil", such as oil made by Axe Brand by word to word, Chinese means wind, but Chinese ; literally: '"headwind"" means headache; less frequent usage was Chinese , a word to describe not feeling well of the stomach. However, Kwan Loong and other maker of, claimed other medical application of the oil, such as dizziness/ giddiness;Other companies translated the oil as "universal oil", such as oil made by Axe Brand
In early January 2017, a number of news outlets and web sites posted stories reporting that Republican members of Congress had passed a set of new rules, one of which shields lawmakers from investigations and corruption probes. The new House rules were approved on 3 January 2017 along party lines, with only three Republicans joining Democrats in voting “nay.” The rule in question states that:
Records created, generated, or received by the congressional office of a Member, Delegate, or the Resident Commissioner in the performance of official duties are exclusively the personal property of the individual Member, Delegate, or the Resident Commissioner and such Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner has control over such records.
As the government transparency web site OpenSecrets.org pointed out, the new rule classifies congressional records as personal property and thereby has the potential to make investigations more difficult for prosecutors:
Who cares whether a congressional office's budget documents, maintained at taxpayer expense, belong to each individual member, rather than Congress as a body? Maybe the Justice Department, for one. In investigating allegations of public corruption or misuse of funds, criminal investigators frequently need to subpoena such records.
Although multiple web sites (including the alarmist liberal blog US Uncut) reported that the new rule “shields” members of Congress from prosecution, Michael Stern, former senior counsel to the U.S. House of Representatives, explained that rendering documents generated by public office as “personal property” of legislators means it will be more difficult, but not impossible, for investigators and prosecutors to obtain them:
It could make it more complicated for a prosecutor to get information from a Congress member that they are investigating, but saying it shields them from prosecution is an overstatement.
Stern said that although the rule is new, it merely codifies a position taken by House members for years, and has not been controversial among them. But it is nonetheless troubling, said Meredith McGehee, strategic adviser for Campaign Legal Center, a government accountability organization:
The general thought before this was, anything you generated in your office was considered official business — property of the office as opposed to the personal product of the sitting member. With this rule it is changing that long-held practice and clearly articulating that these kinds of materials don't belong to the office, but to the individual. We don't yet know what the exact impact of that change will be.
As an example, McGehee pointed to the case of Aaron Schock, a former Illinois representative who was indicted on two dozen counts related to accusations he improperly lived an extravagant lifestyle on the taxpayers' dime:
Mr. Schock, now 35, resigned amid questions about his financial practices, including accusations of spending tens of thousands of dollars from taxpayer-funded accounts on office renovations, using taxpayer and campaign funds on private jets and concerts, and failing to report extravagant gifts on his annual financial disclosure forms as required by House ethics rules. In addition to the wire fraud and theft of government funds charges, Mr. Schock was charged with making false statements, filing false federal income tax returns, falsification of Federal Election Commission filings and mail fraud.
Prosecutors in the Schock case had to argue this very issue, that Schock's spending records were the property of his public office and not private possessions:
At first, the court rejected Schock's “act of production” privilege, saying “the congressional office was a collective entity” and thus had no right to claim the Fifth. But it later reversed the ruling and gave the government time to reconsider, “given the importance of the issue…and the unprecedented consequence…to Schock and therefore all current and future Members of Congress as to their publicly-funded, non-private, public or official Congressional records,” according to a government court record. Prosecutors in the case were not pleased. “They ask this Court to be the first court to recognize that Schock and every other current and future Member of Congress have a Fifth Amendment act-of-production privilege, thereby effectively screening [public or official documents] from public scrutiny,” prosecutors in Schock's case wrote in a court document in Aug. 2015. “The government respectfully submits that this argument is repugnant to the fundamental principle that no man is above the law and that it should therefore be rejected.”
McGehee noted that public office holders claim that because of the political nature of their positions, the new rule is necessary to prevent their opponents from going on unwarranted “fishing expeditions” and seeking to ensnare or embarrass them by accessing and sifting through troves of public records. But, she added, “to me that's part of the territory. You're in politics.”
"You know, I actually believe my own bull----."
That's what President Obama once told a reporter. If the man ever uttered a statement that spoke more to his approach to politics, I haven't heard it.
Whether it stems from a grandiose overconfidence in his own powers of persuasion, or the lessons he took from his years as a community organizer, or his own messianic conviction that he is on the right side of everything, including history itself, the president has operated under the theory that he can move the American people to his causes. And he can't. He just can't.
Yes, he got elected and re-elected, and that's saying something. But whatever personal popularity the man has doesn't transfer to domestic policy.
It's as if the American people are saying, "Mr. President, we're just not that in to you."
"What about health-care reform!?" his fans invariably respond.
Well, what about it? Sure, it passed. But the Affordable Care Act didn't become law because Obama ignited a populist prairie fire in favor of it. He dedicated vast, vast swaths of his time and energy trying to sell the American people on Obamacare. He never made the sale (and still hasn't). The misbegotten law's passage is attributable entirely to the fact that Democrats rammed it through Congress -- with a 60-vote majority in the Senate -- using the sorts of backroom deals and corporate giveaways the American people despise.
Ironically, the only populist mass movement on domestic policy issues Obama can claim credit for creating is the Tea Party, which I think we can all agree isn't what he had in mind.
Indeed, if Obamacare had been popular, the Democrats wouldn't have been dealt a "shellacking" -- Obama's words -- in the 2010 midterm elections. But they were. Democrats suffered a defeat of biblical proportions, despite Obama's relentless campaigning.
In 2012, after scoring an impressive re-election win, Obama apparently thought he solved the puzzle. He needed more organization, like he had in the election. Obviously everyone loves what he has to say, Obama reasoned, but he needed to translate that love into action. And so he rebranded his presidential campaign into his own personal grassroots operation, Organizing for Action. Action item No. 1? Gun control.
It's worth remembering that when Obama took up gun control in his State of the Union address, he set the bar at shin level for himself and for Senate Democrats. He didn't demand victory; he demanded a mere vote on the issue.
Running through a list of victims he was all too eager to politicize -- "The families of Newtown deserve a vote. The families of Aurora deserve a vote," etc. -- he brought the Democrats in the audience to their feet. Many in the press hailed it as one of the most moving moments of his presidency.
With the sort of willingness to politicize tragedy that is always denounced as the vilest cynicism when Republicans do anything of the sort, Obama and his paid OFA subalterns took to the streets and the airwaves waving the figurative bloody shirt of Newtown for months (with nary a peep of complaint from the same press corps that routinely denounced president Bush for politicizing 9/11).
But when it came time to clear the shin-level hurdle he set for himself and OFA, they face-planted in ground well short of the target.
And now, the president is going to run the same play, again. "If this Congress refuses to listen to the American people and pass common-sense gun legislation, then the real impact is going to have to come from the voters," he said in one of several bitter promises to turn gun control into an issue to win back Congress in 2014.
As Josh Kraushaar of National Journal noted, Obama couldn't misread the political environment heading into 2014 any worse. Why? Because the places where the Democrats need to win to take back the House -- the South and Mountain West -- are precisely those areas where even many Democrats disagree with the president on gun control. Making it a central issue in 2014 is a boon to Republicans.
The upshot of this is that we will now endure nearly another two years of Obama haranguing us about how it's him and "the people" against special interests and other evil forces who don't care about murdered children. Washington will become more shrill and get even less done, all because Obama's only play is an populist charade made possible by the fact he still believes his own bull----.
A female customer at a convenience store was recently caught on video spewing her racist tirade against an Asian shop attendant in Melbourne, Australia.
The victim of the verbal assault filmed the unnamed woman as she went on with her hateful rant peppered with a variety of racial slurs, calling him a ‘dog' multiple times.
The belligerent customer also made absurd accusations that she received fake money. Earlier in the video, the woman, dressed in a tracksuit, can be seen saying:
“I'll show you who the Triad is, it's me. You're a piece of s**t… you're a nobody. You're a dog, you're a big dog, your own people are going to f**k you, that's how much of a dog you are.”
While the employee remained silent, he kept the camera focused on the vile, abusive woman.
“You know what you're doing right now? You're looking into my private life, listening in my own home and not you're filming me,” she shot at him.
She then went on to accuse him of giving her fake money, before pulling three different fingers at him, saying “here's this in Chinese too.”
“Here, take my rubbish, go on,” she says as she hurled a plastic bag toward the shopkeeper.
She also rang the store's service bell multiple times before bursting into an impromptu song about a dog.
“Doggie dog, dog, you wanna eat some dog?” she sang, before going back to her ramblings, this time calling him a “Triad doggie” who “f**ks your own kind.”
A man who appears to be a customer or another worker approached her in the end, trying to make her stop ringing the store's bell over and over again.
“Get the f**k away from me, don't you touch me,” she said, shifting her attention to the man.
“You can wait outside, this is my shop, get the f**k outside… can't you see we're in the middle of filming here?” she screamed at the man.
When the woman finally to decided to leave, she parted with more hateful comments:
“Are you going to call yourself Mohammad, you're raping dog? You perverted s**t,”
Before heading for the store's exit, she shouted at the cashier: “Get your cameras out of my house, you hear me?”
The clip ended when the woman reached the door and removed the store's “open” sign.
According to the Daily Mail, it is not clear when the video was actually filmed, although it surfaced online earlier this week. It was not known what actually sparked the incident.
New Jersey's medical marijuana program has been a resounding success — for those who deal pot illegally.
Only 2,342 patients of the estimated tens of thousands expected to sign up are frequenting the state's three dispensaries to purchase marijuana legally.
Patients in pain reluctant to endure the frustrations and expense of participating in the state-sanctioned program are no doubt turning to the black market for relief.
Who can blame them?
Established by law almost six years ago by then-Gov. Jon Corzine, the program has been implemented grudgingly and sluggishly by the Christie administration.
The governor, so forward thinking on issues related to drug addiction, seems to hearken to the hysteria of “Reefer Madness” when it comes to the legitimate and therapeutic use of marijuana.
For some cancer patients, those with multiple sclerosis, young children with epilepsy, strains of cannabis offer the only relief from chronic pain and nausea. But Gov. Chris Christie sees the program “as a front for legalization,” something he says “is not going to happen on my watch.”
He says the low enrollment numbers are proof that there is little demand for medical marijuana, “but a huge demand for marijuana.”
Lawmakers, some dispensary operators and patients have another take. They blame low participation on the program's rigid rules, exorbitant costs for patients and growers, and the governor's clear indication that he has no interest in further softening the ironclad regulations to help the program gain traction.
Meanwhile, only about 300 of New Jersey's 21,000 physicians have signed up to participate in the program.
They may be reading into the administrative tea leaves. Perhaps they are not interested in navigating all the red tape, while others, of course, don't believe in marijuana as an effective therapy. But that lack of participation poses another impediment to the program.
Other states have well-functioning medical marijuana programs that are realizing New Jersey's legislative aim of easing the pain of sick and dying patients. With revisions to the severe requirements, New Jersey could fulfill the spirit of the law providing for “compassionate” use of marijuana.
“We have a dysfunctional program, and I think it's going to take some sort of ‘pot summit' bringing together patients, doctors and legislators to really make this a success,“ says Assemblyman Reed Gusciora (D-Mercer), one of the lead sponsors of the law.
That's an excellent idea.
On mobile or desktop:
• Like Times of Trenton on Facebook
• Follow @TimesofTrenton on Twitter
A Muslim inmate is suing a central Indiana sheriff for denying him a diet that follows Islamic dietary laws.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana filed the lawsuit Wednesday on behalf of Gannon Thomas against the Boone County Sheriff's Office over its refusal to serve him a halal diet.
It accuses the Boone County Jail of violating Thomas's First Amendment rights and his rights under Indiana's Religious Freedom and Restoration Act signed by Gov. Mike Pence in 2015. The state law says government entities cannot pose a substantial burden to a person's exercise of religion.
The lawsuit says the 27-year-old Indianapolis man has objected to being served pork and other meat that was not slaughtered according to Islamic laws.
Sheriff Mike Nielsen released a statement on Thursday afternoon in response to the lawsuit.
“Today I was totally caught off guard by Inmate Gannon's alleged compliant against the Boone County Sheriff's Office which was filed on Inmate Gannon's behalf by Mr. Kenneth J. Faulk of the ACLU of Indiana. Unbelievably, I was made aware of this filing by the Indianapolis Star when I received an email at 12:07 this afternoon from one of their reporters asking for my comments. In my official capacity as Sheriff I have not been served or made aware of this official filing in the United States District Court-Southern District of Indiana.
The fact that Inmate Gannon is alleging that we have discriminated against him by not serving him a ‘religious diet made of Halal food – food that adheres to Islamic Law' because he is a practicing Muslim is not accurate in my opinion. I was not even aware that there was an issue that one of our inmates had, about the type of food he was receiving because of his religious practices. I am extremely disappointed that Inmate Gannon and Mr. Faulk would not have reached out to me personally to resolve this alleged issue before filing a Complaint for Declaratory and Injunctive Relief and Damages against me as the Sheriff of Boone County. Furthermore, the Boone County Sheriff's Office does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, in any of its activities or operations. Unfortunately now that a case has been filed I cannot make any further comments on this matter.”
Temporin secretion during musth
An Asian elephant bull chained during musth, with discharge from the temporal glands.
Musth or must is a periodic condition in bull (male) elephants, characterized by highly aggressive behavior and accompanied by a large rise in reproductive hormones. Testosterone levels in an elephant in musth can be as much as 6 times greater than in the same elephant at other times. However, whether this hormonal surge is the sole cause of musth, or merely a contributing factor, is unknown. Scientific investigation of musth is problematic because even the most placid elephants become highly violent toward humans and other elephants during musth.
Cause and effects [ edit ]
An African elephant chases a giraffe during musth.
Although it has often been speculated by zoo visitors[1] that musth is linked to rut, it is unlikely there is a biological connection because the female elephant's estrus cycle is not seasonally-linked, whereas musth most often takes place in winter. Furthermore, bulls in musth have often been known to attack female elephants, regardless of whether or not the females are in heat. There has been speculation[by whom?] that musth is connected to natural periodic reorganisation of dominance among males in elephant herds.
Often, elephants in musth discharge a thick tar-like secretion called temporin from the temporal ducts on the sides of the head. Temporin contains proteins, lipids (notably cholesterol), phenol and 4-methyl phenol,[2][3] cresols and sesquiterpenes (notably farnesol and its derivatives).[4] Secretions and urine collected from zoo elephants have been shown to contain elevated levels of various highly odorous ketones and aldehydes. The elephant's aggression may be partially caused by a reaction to the temporin, which naturally trickles down into the elephant's mouth. Another contributing factor may be the accompanying swelling of the temporal glands; this presses on the elephant's eyes and causes acute pain comparable to severe root abscess toothache. Elephants sometimes try to counteract this pain by digging their tusks into the ground.
Musth is linked to sexual arousal or establishing dominance, but this relationship is far from clear. Wild bulls in musth often produce a characteristic low, pulsating rumbling noise (known as "musth rumble") which can be heard by other elephants for considerable distances; the rumble has been shown to prompt attraction and reply vocalizations from cows in heat, but silent avoidance behavior from other bulls (particularly juveniles) and non-receptive females, suggesting an evolutionary benefit to advertising the musth state. Cases of rogue elephants randomly attacking native villages or goring and killing rhinoceroses without provocation in national parks in Africa have been documented and attributed to musth in young male elephants, especially those growing in the absence of older males. Studies show that reintroducing older males into the elephant population of the area seems to prevent younger males from entering musth, and therefore, stop this aggressive behavior.[5][6]
In domesticated elephants [ edit ]
An elephant in musth trying to break his chain
A musth elephant, wild or domesticated, is extremely dangerous to both humans and other elephants. In zoos, bull elephants in musth have killed numerous keepers when a normally friendly animal became uncontrollably enraged; in contrast to normal dominance behavior, bulls in musth will even attack and kill members of their own family, including their own calves. Zoos keeping adult male elephants need extremely strong, purpose-built enclosures to isolate males during their musth, which greatly complicates the expense of attempting to breed elephants in zoos; most zoos that keep a single elephant or a small herd typically have only females for this reason.
In India, domesticated elephants in musth are traditionally tied to a strong tree and denied food and water, or put on a starvation diet, for several days, after which the musth passes. Mahouts are often able to greatly shorten the duration of their elephants' musth, typically to five to eight days; sedatives, like xylazine, are also used.
The approved method in developed countries is to strictly isolate the elephant in a highly fortified secure pen for a period ranging from 1 to 2 months until the elephant emerges from musth on its own. Medication against swelling and pain, as well as tranquilizers, are often mixed into the elephant's food. During this one- to two-month period the elephant cannot be trained, allowed outside or permitted to see other elephants, and it must be fed, watered and cleaned by remote methods; it will attack any approaching keeper. Some Indian mahouts decry this method as crueler than simply starving and dehydrating the animal for a week, after which it recovers and can be safely reunited with the herd.
Etymology [ edit ]
In modern usage in Indian languages the word refers to a state of enjoyment, fun, pleasure or gratification—of any kind, experienced by humans or other creatures. In popular culture, the word is encountered frequently, in popular song lyrics, in the titles of Indian TV shows and in the titles of Indian movies, such as Mast, Masti, etc.
References in popular culture [ edit ]
References to elephants in musth (whose temporin secretion is often referred to as "ichor") are frequent in classical Indian poetry and prose; for example, in the Raghuvaṃśa, Kalidasa says that the king's elephants drip ichor in seven streams to match the scent put forth by the seven-leaved 'sapta-cchada' (= "seven-leaf")[7] tree (perhaps Alstonia scholaris). Some poets turn it around to compare the elephant's ichor to the "saptacchada". The phenomenon has been described in poetry much before the time of Kalidasa, in Sanskrit, Tamil and Pali literature.
Shooting an Elephant is an autobiographical account by George Orwell in which he describes how an elephant in Burma had an attack of musth and killed an Indian, which in turn, caused the death of the elephant.
Sangam poetry describes musth. Kummatoor Kannanaar in Pathitrupatthu 12 describes it as follows:
It was sweet to hear of your victories and fame
and I came here desiring to see you.
I came with my big family, passing few mountains
where noble, young male elephants with coarse hair
and swaying walks have musth flowing from their
cheek glands and elephant mothers with calves
wave wild jasmine twigs,
chasing striped bees that swarm on the sweet musth.[8]
The Tamil movie Kumki, which revolves around a mahout and his trained elephant, shows his elephant in musth period towards the climax. Captive elephants are either trained for duties in temples (and in cultural festivals), or trained as a Kumki elephant which confronts wild elephants and prevents them from entering into tribal villages. Elephants trained for temple duties are of a gentle nature and cannot face wild elephants. In this movie, a tribal village wants to hire a Kumki elephant to chase away wild elephants which enter the village every harvest season. The mahout, who is in want of money, takes his temple-trained elephant to do this job, in the vain hope that wild elephants won't come in. But wild elephants start attacking the village on the harvest day. The temple-trained elephant gets into musth and thus fights with the wild elephants, kills the most notorious among the herd, and gets killed because of injuries sustained during the fight.
In his James Bond novel The Man With the Golden Gun, Ian Fleming wrote that the villain, Francisco Scaramanga, was driven to become a cold-blooded assassin after authorities shot an elephant that he had ridden in his circus act, after the elephant went on a rampage while in musth.
In Jules Verne's Around the World in Eighty Days, Phileas Fogg buys an elephant which was being fed butter, so it would not go into musth.
There's an old puzzle that philosophers like to ponder: how could you ever be certain that anyone else has a mind at all? The truth is that you can't. Ultimately, even our closest relatives—people we've known for decades, or who gave birth to us, or vice versa—are closed books: you'll never get direct access to their thoughts or emotions. It's the sort of terrifying realization that might trigger an existential meltdown in the sanest of us. Yet when it comes to creativity, it's actually enormously liberating.
By nature, human beings are comparers: our happiness depends, at least partly, on feeling better off than others. Studies have shown that many of us would rather earn more than our co-workers, even if that meant earning less money overall. And we judge our creative output similarly: we deem it a success if it's as good or better than other people's.
But there's a huge problem lurking here. We're comparing apples with oranges—or, as the saying goes, comparing our insides with other people's outsides. That guy on stage who's giving a super-smooth presentation, while you wait nervously in the wings until it's your turn? He might well be a panicking wreck inside. You could never know.
In fact, if he's really good, he probably is panicking inside. Research suggests that the so-called “impostor syndrome” may get worse as people get better: the more accomplished you get, the more likely you are to rub shoulders with ever more talented people, leaving you feeling even more inadequate by comparison.
The genuinely untalented, meanwhile, probably have no idea that they're no good—because they're too untalented to realize it. (This is the “Dunning-Kruger effect,” inspired by the tale of an incompetent bank robber who thought rubbing lemon juice on his face would make him invisible on security cameras.) In short: if you're worried you don't measure up, that could well be a sign that you do.
If you're worried you don't measure up, that could well be a sign that you do.
And the truth, deep down, is that we all feel as though we're just winging it. “I have written 11 books,” said the late Maya Angelou, who was renowned as a novelist, poet, and memoirist, “but each time, I think ‘Uh-oh. They're going to find out now. I've run a game on everybody and they're going to find me out.'” Angelou was a remarkable talent, but she was equally remarkable in being willing to admit that she didn't usually feel that way.
This is something it's even harder to keep in mind today, when our lives unfold in public on Facebook and Twitter, and via well-designed web presences. We use these, naturally enough, to showcase the best parts of our lives: the joyous weddings and enviable vacations, the finished projects, and testimonials from satisfied clients. But we forget that we're only seeing everyone else's highlights, too—not the sleepless nights, the abandoned attempts, the moments of despair and self-doubt.
None of this is an argument for abandoning self-criticism completely. Holding yourself to exacting standards, within reason, is a vital discipline for improving your product. But it is an invaluable reminder, as we navigate the world of creative work, never to take other people's facades as reliable evidence of what's going on within.
The real trick to producing great work isn't to find ways to eliminate the edgy, nervous feeling that you might be swimming out of your depth. Instead, it's to remember that everyone else is feeling it, too. We're all in deep water. Which is fine: it's by far the most exciting place to be.
Update, Saturday, Nov. 2, 1:45 p.m.: The moderators of Reddit's politics section have posted a new thread apologizing for the way they've handled the decision to ban certain domains and the resulting controversy. They've also added a frequently-asked-questions section explaining some of the rationale behind their approach. They added:
We've tried to get to your specific concerns, but there are only a few of us, and the response has been staggering. There's been frantic work going on in the back and we're working on several announcements, clarifications and changes. The first of these will appear no later than sometime Monday.
One moderator of the site also responded to my request for comment yesterday and asked that I clarify a couple of points in the post below. There is no “whitelist,” the moderator maintained, and the list of domains with “custom flair” should not be considered a tacit endorsement of those sites.The moderator also explained why this very post that you're reading right now was taken down from the front page of /r/politics on Friday after it was posted there and sparked a lively discussion. The moderator's explanation, in part:
Our users want relevant, up-to-date information about the subject of politics and the moderators aim to provide that experience in the best way possible. As such, meta posts and articles about /r/Politics are pulled down from our queue. Those posts are not on-topic, and are more appropriate for some of the other wonderful subreddits on the site.
Original post: Reddit as an organization, just to be clear, has not banned links to Salon, Mother Jones, Huffington Post, Gawker, and numerous other publications. But the volunteer moderators who run the site's widely followed politics section, the /r/politics subreddit, have. And the decision has a lot of people—including a good number of the politics subreddit's own 3.1 million subscribers—mystified and furious.
On Monday, /r/politics drastically expanded its list of “banned domains” to include not only explicitly ideological sites like Breitbart.com and Democratic Underground but some of the most popular politics sites on the Internet from across the spectrum. The rationale might seem reasonable at first glance. As the section's moderators explained in a post on Tuesday, the goal is “to reduce the number of blogspam submissions and sensationalist titles.” The purge, the moderators explained, is also aimed at sites that provide lots of “bad journalism.”
But if the goals are admirable, some of the moderators' choices as to which sites to ban appear to border on arbitrary. Does the Huffington Post engage in a good deal of what the moderators might call “blogspam”—i.e., “quoting other articles to get pageviews?” No doubt. But it also won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize in National Reporting for a 10-part series on the struggles that wounded U.S. military veterans endure when they come home. Does Salon sometimes appeal to its readers' liberal ideological bent to stir up their emotions? Sure—but so do plenty of other outlets that lack half the intelligence and insight of some of Salon's best writers.
In fact, I can think of another seminal Internet magazine that starts with the letter “S” that has been known to write a clicky headline or two in its day. Yet far from being banned from /r/politics, Slate is listed among the section's “sources with custom flair,” a tacit endorsement of the quality of its coverage. I won't dispute the notion that Slate's politics coverage is better and more ideologically diverse, on the whole, than Salon's—of course we're better!—but I wouldn't blame my counterparts at Salon or some of the other banned outlets if they didn't see the distinction.
Among the least defensible inclusions on the “banned domains” list, as others have pointed out, is Mother Jones, a venerable, much-lauded, and reporting-driven nonprofit magazine that routinely turns out important and deeply researched investigative stories. Mother Jones was the site that landed one of the biggest scoops of the 2012 presidential campaign, the leaked Romney fundraising video. Presumably Mother Jones was banned because it has a progressive editorial viewpoint. But so do many other great magazines, including The New Yorker. Meanwhile, Reddit's self-appointed arbiters of journalistic quality apparently see no problem with ACLU.org, Al Arabiya, Common Dreams, Russia Today, Talking Points Memo, the Washington Times, and many other outlets that few others would hold up as paragons of objectivity. Never mind that objectivity as a journalistic ideal is notoriously problematic.
Most egregiously, the Daily Mail—purveyors of some of the most witless and unscrupulous tabloid garbage and blogspam on the entire Internet—is listed alongside the BBC, the New York Times, and the Economist on the /r/politics whitelist.
In an interview with On the Media's delightful new TLDR blog, Mother Jones co-editor Clara Jeffery said she was dumbfounded by her magazine's ban. “It's not something you expect in a free society, and especially for [a site like Reddit] that prides itself as being at the bleeding edge of user-driven content and First Amendment principles.” In an illustrative bit of irony, Jeffery noted that a story Mother Jones had broken on Thursday morning, about Ted Cruz's father, was disallowed from /r/politics—but that a summary of the Mother Jones piece in Talking Points Memo was the subreddit's top story.
For an added layer of ridiculousness, TLDR's interview with Jeffery was itself apparently deleted from /r/ politics.
It isn't just journalists who are crying foul. Despite the moderators' insistence that the impetus for the blacklist came from user feedback, the user feedback on the change itself has been overwhelmingly negative. Even a former Reddit moderator called on the subreddit's new chieftains to rethink their policies:
You guys screwed up on this one. Many of you know it. …
It's hard to admit error and do a 180 when the crowd is yelling at you, some of them calling for your heads, etc. It makes you want to dig in your heels, or at least want to save face and preserve some part of the mistake so you can call it a victory. But there comes a time when there really is no way forward but to say “Hey, we screwed up on this one, and we're rolling it back.”
To me, the most trenchant criticism so far came from another Reddit user in the comments section on the subreddit's own policy changes:
This sort of violates the point of Reddit, right? Users are supposed to upvote material they find interesting, rather than have editors sequester content they find relevant.
I've contacted one of the site's moderators for comment today and have not yet heard back. But at least one /r/politics moderator apparently did talk to Mike Masnick, editor of Techdirt, another site that found itself on the wrong end of the Reddit moderators' great crusade. In a comment on TLDR, Masnick said the moderator told him some users had complained about Techdirt content, but would not give specifics. Here's Masnick:
When I pointed out—as have many r/politics users—that if people dislike the content, they can just vote it down, I was told (1) that I do not understand Reddit and (2) that I couldn't possibly comprehend the nature of being a moderator for such a community.
I'd argue it's the opposite: It's the /r/politics moderators who don't understand Reddit or comprehend their role. Here's hoping they reconsider.
Donald Trump missed chances in the first debate, including failure to exploit a U.S. intelligence report that cited U.S. support for an Islamic State forerunner, part of Hillary Clinton's scheme for Syrian “regime change,” notes Joe Lauria.
By Joe Lauria
Hillary Clinton stood calmly at her podium smirking during most of the first U.S. presidential debate as she provoked emotional reactions from Donald Trump in what appeared to be a strategy to rattle him and keep him on the defensive most of the night.
Clinton needled Trump on his plan to fight the Islamic State, on him not paying his taxes, on his treatment of women, on his denial of climate change, on his denigration of Muslims and his position on nuclear weapons — all legitimate criticisms but delivered with an intent to do personal harm. As Trump grew angrier and angrier, Clinton appeared to be laughing at him. At one point, she told him he was saying “crazy things” and living “in his own reality.”
Clinton got under Trump's skin by telling him he started life with a big inheritance, while she was the daughter of a humble small businessman; that he had four (or more) times filed for bankruptcy, did not pay his workers, called women “pigs,” and had been sued by the government 40 years ago for racial discrimination in a housing development he owned (and which he settled out of court).
Trump seemed uncharacteristically nervous and restrained as the first debate of three got underway, displaying a grudging respect for Clinton by calling her “Secretary,” while labeling her “Crooked Hillary” on Twitter. But a series of humiliating jabs by Clinton worked to get Trump's back up leading to several gaffes, including an apparent admission that he has paid no federal taxes.
After noting that a couple of tax returns which had been released in connection with a casino application showed no federal taxes and suggesting that Trump would not release his tax returns because he may be hiding this reality for other years, Trump lost his cool and interjected that it “makes me smart” not to pay.
Ruthless
It was a calculating strategy on her part, cooked up by her team of ruthless campaign operatives and her own experience of 38 debates in her political career. This was Trump's first one-on-one debate. And it showed.
She took a week off to prepare, while Trump did not hold one mock session. She depended on a team of highly experienced opposition researchers who have dug up every scrap of dirt they could find on Trump.
At one point when Clinton accused him of calling a contestant at one of his beauty pageant “Miss Piggy,” Trump feverishly responded “Where did you find this? Where did you find this?”
“He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them,” Clinton said, slowly inserting the needle and twisting it slightly. “Then he called her ‘Miss Housekeeping,' because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name.”
“Where did you find this? Where did you find this?” Trump asked.
“Her name is Alicia Machado,” Clinton calmly said.
“Where did you find this?” he repeated.
“And she has become a U.S. citizen, and you can bet…”
“Oh, really?” Trump interrupted.
“ … she's going to vote this November,” said Clinton.
That he wouldn't know Clinton's “oppo” researchers would come up with something like this, and then would blurt out his astonishment that they did from the podium is itself astonishing.
It showed how little he understood this dirty game of modern politics and how poorly prepared he was. His opposition research seemed to be based solely on the considerable Clinton negatives already in the public domain. He hit her hard on the emails, but she swatted it away, and Trump backed off.
Trump seemed to think he could wing it. But he ran into a political juggernaut, with master dirty tricksters like former rightwing operative David Brock conjuring up ways to rattle Trump, exposing his temper and his weak command of the facts. Meanwhile, a studied and scripted Clinton merely laughed at him, giving him the rope to hang himself.
Russia Did It!
Trump did score some points, though they have been largely ignored in a corporate media analysis that scored a decisive knockout for Clinton. In one exchange, she clearly said that Russia had hacked the Democratic National Committee and Trump called her on it.
CLINTON: “There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald's very praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin, but Putin is playing a really … tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyberattackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee.”
TRUMP: “I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia, but I don't — maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China. It could also be lots of other people. It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK?”
TRUMP: “You don't know who broke in to DNC. But what did we learn with the DNC? We learned that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people, by Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. That's what we learned.”
Trump's rhetoric on Russia (and with no political record, rhetoric is all we have) is clearly saner than Clinton's, who has an alarming record. It is simple to understand why Russia would favor Trump. He is not threatening Russia while she is. And she's left a trail of destruction behind her in Libya, Syria and Honduras making it more than mere words.
No one has come up with any evidence to back up the Clinton campaign's charge of a Trump conflict of interest because he either owes money or has business in Russia. Frankly, I hope he does have businesses there. It would make him even less likely to stir up a crisis with Moscow if he should win.
Nor has anyone come up with any evidence to prove Russia was behind the DNC hack. After the debate CNN either deviously or incompetently did a “fact-check” and said Trump was wrong about “the question that was posed, ‘Who is the leading suspect in the DNC hack?”
But Clinton didn't talk about the “leading suspect.” She flat out said Russia did it.
Her continued hammering on these supposed business interests and that Russia did the hacking is suspicious. Linking Trump to Russia has done little to hurt him in the polls. In fact, he rose to a virtual tie in the weeks since the hack. So why does she keep at it? There could be something else at play, an admittedly sinister scenario, but entirely possible in the Clinton camp. (Perhaps, her “oppo” team is planning to drop another shoe regarding Trump's relationship with Russia.)
If she should lose a close election to Trump I would not be surprised if she contested the outcome charging that Russia had hacked the electoral databases and changed the result. If she could challenge enough electors to bring him below 270 Electoral College votes needed to win, the result could be thrown to the House of Representatives (as it has three times in history) where a Republican majority, many who hate Trump, just may side with her.
With the way the American public has been relentlessly conditioned to fear and despise Russia, evidence of Moscow's alleged tampering may not be needed. With the corporate media playing along, evidence wasn't necessary for the tall tale of Russia's “invasion” of Ukraine, the dubious claim that Russia was responsible for shooting down Malaysia Airline Flight 17 in 2014, or Russia's supposed attack on a humanitarian convoy in Syria last week.
No Mention of Syria
Curiously, there was absolutely no discussion of Syria in the debate, beyond an incidental mention by Clinton. The focus was on the Islamic State's threat inside the U.S. and what to do about it.
Trump accused Clinton, as secretary of state, of creating a vacuum by pulling U.S. troops out of Iraq, allowing ISIS to be established. Here Trump insisted again that he never backed the 2003 invasion of Iraq, which he correctly said caused immense instability creating the conditions for ISIS.
But Trump missed a tremendous opportunity to hit Clinton for being secretary of state when a precursor of the Islamic State was directly aided by the administration she served in when the U.S. and its Mideast allies were seeking “regime change” in Damascus and tolerating jihadists who were spearheading the effort.
And this is the tragedy of Trump. He's wrong on so many things: torture, climate change, tax breaks for the rich, increased military spending, law and order, stop and frisk, and guns. So, when he's right, such as wanting good relations with Russia to avoid catastrophe, he doesn't adequately explain his position, while being subject to a massive smear campaign.
Only on trade and rebuilding the country's infrastructure has he been right for the good of American workers, and has also amply laid out this position (spending more time on that in the debate than anything else.)
Last month, Trump caused a firestorm when he said that Obama and Clinton had “created” ISIS. He later said Obama “founded” ISIS. While that is an exaggeration, there exists a document proving the Obama administration's complicity in the rise of this group, a document Trump must be aware of, but has never made use of. The debate would have been the perfect time.
The declassified Defense Intelligence Agency document of August 2012 said the U.S., some European countries, Turkey and the Gulf Arab states were facilitating the establishment of a Salafist principality in the east of Syria to put pressure on Damascus. The document warns that likeminded jihadists on the Iraq side of the border could join with them to create an “Islamic State.” The document actually uses that name a full two years before the Islamic State was declared.
Trump must know about it because Ret. General Mike Flynn, the DIA director at the time, told Al Jazeera that the document shows the administration was not turning a blind eye to this but that it was a “willful decision” by Washington. Mike Flynn is a Trump foreign policy adviser, so it's inconceivable that Flynn did not tell Trump about the document.
And yet Trump inexplicably has never mentioned it, even when he was under heavy fire from establishment Washington and the corporate media for his remark.
Instead of bringing it up at the debate, he merely attacked Clinton for revealing her plan to fight ISIS on her website. “I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much,” Trump said, referring to the commanding U.S. general in the Pacific during World War II, a head-scratching reference for the vast majority of Americans born in the post-war era.
“Well, at least I have a plan to fight ISIS,” Clinton retorted.
“No, no, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do,” Trump shot back.
Instead of mentioning the DIA document he repeated his numbskull idea that ISIS would not exist if his idea of “taking” Iraq's oil had been followed. ‘Had we taken the oil — and we should have taken the oil — ISIS would not have been able to form either, because the oil was their primary source of income,” he said. “And now they have the oil all over the place, including the oil — a lot of the oil in Libya, which was another one of her disasters.”
Clinton cut his knees out from under him again, saying Trump “actually advocated for the actions we took in Libya and urged that Gaddafi be taken out, after actually doing some business with him one time.”
It looks like it may be a very long six weeks until Election Day for Donald Trump. And if avoiding a confrontation with Russia is the single most important issue of the day, more urgent even than climate change, the alternative, a Clinton back in the White House, could be a very chilling four years for the rest of us.
Vancouver, B.C. - Vancouver Canucks General Manager Jim Benning announced today that the Canucks have acquired Markus Granlund from Calgary in exchange for Hunter Shinkaruk.
Granlund, 22, has split the 2015-16 season between the Calgary Flames (4-3-7 in 31 games) and the Stockton Heat (5-4-9 in 12 games). He has appeared in 86 NHL games, registering 28 points (14-14-28) and 24 penalty minutes. The Oulu, Finland native has also collected one assist in three career playoff games.
On the international stage, Granlund won a bronze medal at the 2010 IIHF U18 World Championship and has represented Finland multiple times.
The 6'0”, 178-pound centre was originally drafted in the second round, 45th overall, by Calgary in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
CAREER REGULAR SEASON STATISTICS
SEASON TEAM GP G A P +/- PIM PP SH GW S S% 2008-2009 KARPAT OULU U18-FIN-U18 4 1 3 4 0 2009-2010 HIFK HELSINKI U18-FIN-U18 11 9 20 29 6 2009-2010 HIFK HELSINKI JR.-FIN-JR. 37 17 25 42 38 2009-2010 FINLAND-WJ18-A 6 1 5 6 2 4 0 0 0 2010-2011 SUOMI U20-FINLAND-2 6 3 3 6 6 2010-2011 HIFK HELSINKI-FINLAND 2 0 0 0 0 2010-2011 HIFK HELSINKI JR.-FIN-JR. 40 20 32 52 49 2011-2012 KIEKKO-VANTAA-FINLAND-2 1 0 0 0 0 2011-2012 HIFK HELSINKI-FINLAND 47 15 19 34 18 2012-2013 HIFK HELSINKI-FINLAND 50 10 20 30 18 2012-2013 FINLAND-WJC-A 6 5 7 12 -1 4 1 0 1 2013-2014 FLAMES 7 2 1 3 2 0 0 1 0 9 22.2 2013-2014 ABBOTSFORD HEAT-AHL 52 25 21 46 10 22 8 2 3 136 18.4 2014-2015 FLAMES 48 8 10 18 -4 16 1 0 1 65 12.3 2014-2015 ADIRONDACK FLAMES-AHL 21 9 8 17 -2 14 3 1 2 66 13.6 2015-2016 FLAMES 31 4 3 7 -1 8 0 1 0 37 10.8 NHL TOTALS 86 14 14 28 -3 24 1 2 1 111 12.6
CAREER PLAYOFF STATISTICS
A Michigan, man says that he was outside just feet away from his dog Roxy when she was shot and killed by a garbage man who was walking up his driveway on Monday evening to collect the trash. Marc Boyer says that he wants the garbage man to be prosecuted. His nine-year-old Labrador-Rottweiler mix was hanging out in the yard with Boyer while he was working on the house.
“That guy just didn't give us a chance… I fully believe he came to work yesterday morning, with a gun, looking to assassinate our dog.”
Boyer says that the Modern Waste Systems garbage man began walking up his driveway, when his dog got up and began to bark. Boyer adopted Roxy as a puppy and says the dog was never aggressive. He claims that the dog was about five yards away from the garbage man when the shots were fired. Roxy was shot three times in the head.
“The garbage truck pulled up…. Roxy growled and she started to bark and before she even got the bark out the garbage man shot her three times in the head,” Boyer said.
Police were dispatched to the home at 5:44 p.m. on July 6. The garbage man has not been identified by police, but on social media, he has been defended as a responsible young man who has served 5 tours in Afghanistan. One friend, who is only identified as “Steve” explained how he had heard the story.
“The truck was at the road. He was in the driveway almost behind the house so turning his back on the dog and running for the truck was NOT an option. He didn't bring the gun to work to shoot the dog. He carries all the time for protection. He felt threatened and took steps to protect himself.”
Garbage man shoots dog to death http://t.co/vFxocPc82h pic.twitter.com/x4VaMJFh7c — Justin Miller (@justinjm1) July 7, 2015
Boyer's long-time girlfriend, Kim Houvner, who also considered Roxy part of the family, sobbed as she told WILX that she was in the house when the dog was shot by the garbage man. She went over to Roxy immediately.
“It was awful, absolutely awful watching her die because that person shot her three times in the face. I just pet her for a second and she fell to the ground, and I knew she was dead.”
According to the Jackson Police, the garbage man said that he shot the dog in self defense. He said that the dog had been unleashed in the yard the week before, and he felt the dog was dangerous. In Jackson, the city ordinance states that animals must be leashed if they are off of their own property, but the garbage man said that the week before the dog had also barked at him to the point where he felt like he needed to shield himself with a garbage can, MLIVE reported.
The Modern Waste System representative told WILX that the garbage man had never reported any issues with the dog to the company.
Modern Waste Systems' company policy allows its garbage men to carry a firearm if they have the mandated license. The garbage man, according to police, had a permit for his weapon and held a valid CPL. Still, Philip Duckham, the owner of Modern Waste Systems, told reporters that the man was fired from his job on Tuesday. Duckham says that he “does not condone this action.” He says that the company has never faced an issue like this during the entire 45 years it has been in business.
Duckham says that he has personally apologized to Roxy's family. He also said that, while he understands nothing can replace the dog shot by the garbage man under his employment, he will help if Boyer wishes to bring another dog into the family in the future.
Boyer says that the garbage man had never mentioned that he was concerned with the dog in the yard. He says the entire situation could have been avoided, if the garbage man had just let him know that he was afraid of Roxy before he chose to shoot and kill Boyer's dog in her own yard, while he stood just feet away.
[Photo via WILX video screengrab]
Compton rap artist Kendrick Lamar's most recent album, “To Pimp a Butterfly,” completely contrasts the simplistic Top 40 sounds that dominate modern-day radio stations. Lamar's second major label release represents 2015's resurgence of jazz influence and live instrumentation in rap. The funky, popping bass provided by Thundercat puts the groove in “King Kunta,” while Terrace Martin's screeching saxophone wails in between songs.
Lamar's third stop on his Kunta's Groove Sessions tour at the LC Pavilion in wet downtown Columbus on Saturday evening was shaping up to be a showcase of the critically-acclaimed “TPAB.” But without the live presence of the aforementioned musicians, most of Lamar's 15-song set consisted of hits off of the three-year old “Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.”
That does not go without saying that the drenched concertgoers at the packed LC Pavilion thoroughly enjoyed the high-energy performance. K-Dot, one of Lamar's aliases, began the show with the smooth “Money Trees,” but he quickly sped things up by following up the introduction with the vociferous “Backseat Freestyle.” From this point forward, Lamar had the crowd under his control.
After running through popular “GKMC” cuts such as “Swimming Pools (Drank)” and the remix to “B—-, Don't Kill My Vibe,” Lamar pulled out a familiar tactic. The Compton MC frequently looked into the crowd for the most studious fan and challenged him or her to spit the lyrics (more like describe the horrors) to the track “m.A.A.d city.” Saturday night's contestant shredded through K-Dot's song, inciting a frenzy at the LC.
At this point in the show, Lamar had now been on the stage for nearly an hour without performing one song off of the one of the only rap albums in 2015 challenging Drake on the Billboard chart. Even though “GKMC” features the most energetic tracks in Lamar's catalog, the crowd's substantial reaction to a beat drop came when “King Kunta” began to blare throughout the LC. Unfortunately, without the aid of live instrumentation, the bass took away and muffled the many moving parts powering the groovy standout rap.
While “GKMC” is more of a first-hand account of the dangers Lamar experienced in his hometown of Compton, “TPAB” is an outer introspective look at his city after achieving fame. That may be why Lamar does not perform many tracks off his latest release while on tour; “TPAB” is somewhat difficult to digest upon first listen.
A handful of “TPAB” songs touch on his view of racial issues and gang violence in America, which are usually foreign topics for an artist to discuss in a concert setting. That is why it came as no surprise when Lamar announced before his performance of “Hood Politics” that he had only performed the song live a few times. This was the only seemingly oddly-placed track in Lamar's set, but the crowd was into it because Lamar was.
Before signing off and promising Ohio that he will continue to return to perform if his fans continue to bring their intensity, Lamar closed out the show with the Isley Brothers'-influenced, self-love anthem “i” and an encore of the self-assuring “Alright.” The rain had picked back up after drizzling throughout K-Dot's set. The vibes that Lamar gave off all night had now spread throughout the LC, so being soaked seemed to matter to very few. One final song was demanded from the crowd.
Pharrell's hook on “Alright” poses the question, “Do you hear me, do you feel me?” to the audience. The final message that Lamar wanted to portray was one of unity. Concerts bring people with similar interests together, and “Alright” communicates to listeners with common views and beliefs that as long as we have each other, things are going to be alright.
The tracks on “TPAB” may not be the catchiest or most straightforward, but Lamar made sure that the valuable advice given on his latest release was not lost by saving it for last. Hopefully one day Lamar tours with a band to share the entire experience of “To Pimp a Butterfly,” but for now, fans will have to enjoy only small doses.
MIAMI – Hassan Whiteside went from doubtful to out for the Heat's home game tonight against Minnesota.
Whiteside went through the full shootaround today but coach Erik Spoelstra said the 7-foot center would miss his fifth consecutive game when the Heat (2-3) face the Timberwolves (3-3) at 7:30 p.m. game at AmericanAirlines Arena.
“I'm very encouraged by the progress he is making,” Spoelstra said following today shootaround. He added it was not full contact. “He'll do more conditioning right now, do treatment, hopefully do another workout this afternoon.”
Guard Wayne Ellington is sick and did not go through shootaround. Spoelstra is hoping he will play tonight.
Whiteside bruised a bone in his left knee in the Oct. 18 season opener in Orlando, a game in which he scored 26 points and pulled down 22 rebounds. He got back on the court Friday, although very limited as he worked with coaches following practice. He then went through a full non-contact workout Sunday before today's workout.
The Heat are 2-2 since Whiteside was injured in the season opener at Orlando. The most notable difference in the team has been its inability to stop teams from scoring in the paint, allowing 48.8 per game, which is sixth worst in the league. The Heat also are 21st in the league with a 106.7 defensive rating.
Miami now will have to deal with emerging Timberwolves star Karl Anthony-Towns, who is averaging 24.8 points, 11.8 rebounds and 1.8 blocks. The versatile 7-footer could be a matchup nightmare for the Heat, who have started 6-8 Jordan Mickey and 6-10 rookie Bam Adebayo two games each at center in Whiteside's absence.
[Why didn't Dion Waiters play in the fourth quarter of Heat's loss to Celtics?]
[Heat ‘aired it out' in team meeting to discuss 2-3 start, but Whiteside still ‘very doubtful' for Monday's game]
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
A common antidepressant may increase newborn babies' risk of congenital and heart malformations, if it is prescribed in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy, experts warn.
Paroxetine, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor or SSRI, is used to treat depression, anxiety disorders, obsessive-compulsive disorder as well as post-traumatic stress disorder.
Around one in five women of childbearing age suffer depressive symptoms, that can lead too mild to moderate depression.
Scientists note prescriptions for antidepressants in pregnancy have increased in recent years.
A review of 23 studies into the effects of the antidepresant paroxetine, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor or SSRI, found babies exposed to the drug in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy are at 23 per cent higher risk of congenital malformations (file image posed by model)
The most common drugs used to treat depression in pregnant women are SSRIs.
And up until 2005, one drug in that class - paroxetine - was considered safe to use during pregnancy.
However, a small, unpublished study conducted by the manufacturer, suggested an increased risk of cardiac malformations in infants exposed to the drug before birth.
Meanwhile, subsequent pieces of research using various study designs in different populations across Europe and North America generated conflicting results.
However, a trend remained towards an increased risk.
To provide a comprehensive assessment of the effect paroxetine has on newborns, researchers led by Professor Anick Bérard of CHU Sainte-Justine and the University of Montreal, reviewed all relevant studies on the topic, published between 1966 to 2015.
They analysed a total of 23 eligible studies.
When compared with babies who had never been exposed to paroxetine, those exposed to the drug in the first trimester - 12 weeks - were found to have a 23 per cent increased risk of major congenital malformations.
Clinical decisions regarding whether or not to treat depression in pregnancy are made by balancing the potential risks of an untreated illness with the potential small risks of treatment Dr Michael Bloomfield, UCL
Furthermore those newborns were found to have a 28 per cent increased risk of major cardiac malformations.
The investigators noted the baseline risk of major malformations is three per cent, and of cardiac malformations is one per cent.
However, they said any increase is significant, especially when considered that the benefit of using SSRIs during pregnancy - a time when changes in metabolism cause the drugs to be cleared from the body at a faster rate - is debatable.
Dr. Bérard said: 'Given that the benefits of antidepressants overall, and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, including paroxetine specifically, during pregnancy is questionable at best, any increase in risk - small or large - is too high.
'Indeed, the risk/benefit ratio suggests non-use in women with mild to moderately depressive symptoms, which is 85 per cent of pregnant women with depressive symptoms.
'Therefore, planning of pregnancy is essential, and valid treatment options such as psychotherapy or exercise regimens are warranted in this special population.'
Despite the study's findings, experts urged caution, noting each case should be assessed carefully for its pros and cons by the pregnant woman and her doctor.
Dr Patrick O'Brien, of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, who was not involved in the review, said while the 'absolute risk remains very low' there does exist 'a small increased risk of birth defects'.
Furthermore, those babies exposed to the common SSRI, used to treat depression, anxiety and OCD, were found to be at 28 per cent greater risk of cardiac defects. However, experts have urged caution, noting depression in pregnancy can be very serious for women, and can impact on the health of her baby, adding it is vital to consider the benefits of antidepressant medication on a case by case basis (file image)
'Depression in pregnancy can be very serious for women and can also impact on the health of her baby, so it's important to consider the benefits of antidepressant medication in such cases,' he said.
'Our advise for pregnant women suffering with depression would be that generally the benefits outweigh the risks.
'However, all pros and cons should be discussed and weighed up by a woman, together with her obstetrician.'
Dr Michael Bloomfield, clinical lecturer in Psychiatry at the MRC Clinical Sciences Centre and University College London, agreed.
He said: 'While depression during and following pregnancy is very common, it can be a potentially devastating and life-threatening illness, both to the mother and her infant.
'Clinical decisions regarding whether or not to treat depression in pregnancy are made by balancing the potential risks of an untreated illness with the potential small risks of treatment.
'Owing to existing concerns about safety of paroxetine in pregnancy it is not currently recommended as the first line treatment for depression.'
Dr Bloomfield said further, larger studies are needed 'on this important topic to tease out many potential confounding factors in this research relating to cause and effect'.
While Bill Paxton doesn't think his performance in Aliens is anything to celebrate, for the rest of us Hudson is one of the most memorable characters in James Cameron's 1986 sequel thanks to Paxton's deliriously freaked-out line readings, including the most famous of all: “Game over, man! Game over!”
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
First, I should mention that both producer Gale Anne Hurd and Cameron defended Paxton against his own self-recriminations during the panel, with Cameron hitting the nail on the head when it came to defining Paxton's crucial role in the film: “It's the measure of the tension of the film on the audience, and you give them the ability to laugh. And it releases that tension so it can build up again.” Cameron is right; and it's a testament to Paxton that he, not his writer/director, came up with the character's most famous line. Here's how the actor recounted it for us prior to the panel:
“I'm not great at improvising on the spot. The stuff I improvised was stuff that wasn”t in the script, but it was stuff that I”d throw at Jim [Cameron] in a rehearsal. Jim is a — his mind's like a steel trap. He'd remember something I'd said when we were rehearsing at a scene we were shooting 2 months later. He'd say, 'You said something when we're rehearsing to Sigourney. You said something about the express elevator to hell…put that in here.' That was kind of cool, that was kind of fun. 'Game over, man,' was really the background of the character.
“I figured…[Hudson] was kind of the enlisted version of Gorman who was the officer, [played by] Bill Hope. He probably came up on video games and back in those days you always … I don't think they do it anymore because I don't play video games but it always at the end of your quarter, [it said] 'Game over.'…'Wow, has anybody ever used that, I wonder? Because it's good.' I had no idea it would catch on.”
They never do.
The Aliens 30th anniversary Blu-ray hits stories on September 13.
Jess Mador has driven the revamped 1980s-era bread truck all over Knoxville and other towns in eastern Tennessee. The truck has the Knoxville skyline painted on its side along with TRUCKBEAT in bold red letters. Inside, there's a sound booth.
The truck was the central component of a project launched by Mador along with WUOT, the public radio station in Knoxville, to get out into the community and reach new listeners. They travelled to street festivals, community health fairs, and other local events to interact with people throughout the region.
“There's something disarming about the truck; it's a physical, tangible engagement tool…that's eye-catching and fun, which was part of the idea behind its design,” Mador said recently. “We were able to build buzz and excitement for TruckBeat, and people seemed to want to be part of what we were doing in a different way than with a conventional journalism project where you're not able to bring your storytelling into the community in quite the same three-dimensional fashion.”
Mador was one of 16 independent producers who in November 2015 embedded themselves with 15 public media outlets across the country to report on underserved communities and to introduce storytelling methods as part of the most recent edition of Localore, a program run by the Association of Independents in Radio that works to connect stations and producers throughout the public media system.
This round of Localore, which operated under the theme “Finding America,” featured a wide array of initiatives — from a plan to launch a bureau in Anacostia, a historically black area of Washington, D.C., to a project in Tucson that placed mailboxes to collect stories in Spanish and English “in corners of Tucson where public media doesn't often visit.”
The Finding America projects wrapped up last November, and on Friday AIR is releasing a survey and a report that share lessons learned from the initiative, offer best practices for other news organizations, and also examine who the Localore projects reached. The survey was conducted by Edison Research; the report was written by lead researcher Mallary Tenore and AIR executive director Sue Schardt and was being published Friday by The American Press Institute.
AIR's Finding America coverage received 48.3 million total impressions, up from 26.8 million in the previous iteration of Localore. A majority of those impressions came over broadcast, but 5 million were digital and 67,369 came from live events throughout the country.
Tenore and Schardt's report outlines some of the challenges the producers faced:
Some of the obstacles below involve finding ways to challenge traditional journalistic practices and mindsets. Others relate to assumptions about what public media should sound like, and whom it should serve. Still others are institutional — making and sustaining change is hard. These obstacles were identified through our research into the Finding America projects and, specifically, our inquiry into how producers found creative workarounds. The obstacles, and tactics to defeat them, are meant to help you move from breaking news to breaking form — to step away from the conventions of daily reporting and learn to embrace new and innovative forms of storytelling that will engage communities and strengthen the way you approach.
Both documents are worth reading in full, but here are some highlights:
Rely on the community
With newsrooms strapped for resources, it can be a challenge for producers to break out of their day-to-day coverage to pursue slower coverage. The report suggests letting the community help drive reporting. TruckBeat at WUOT ran a program called Tenn Words that invited listeners to submit answers to the question “What keeps you up at night?” in 10 words or fewer. Health was a major concern in the 750 responses collected online and at live events:
“People expressed fears about heart disease, obesity, memory loss, lack of health care services, and the widespread opioid epidemic in Southern Appalachia” — slow-simmer topics that might not ping on a radar tuned to more urgent events. “We identified health disparities as an important, underreported area for TruckBeat to explore.”
The producers also all identified “community collaborators,” influential community members who helped them connect with their larger communities. The report emphasizes that it's critical for producers to take their time to get to know community members and earn their trust.
In Kansas City, producer Steve Mencher launched a religion initiative called Beyond Belief. As part of his reporting process, he created a steering committee of religious leaders from various faiths: “These were people who I could check in with and also who would challenge me to do better. We adapted where we could, and I used their experience and wisdom to guide the project toward our goals.”
It was sometimes difficult to integrate community collaborators into the reporting process:
There was sometimes confusion around roles and expectations, and uncertainty about how to work with the lead producers' community collaborators — many of whom didn't have any previous journalism experience — in a way that wouldn't be perceived as generating biased coverage. Additionally, some of the lead producers wished they had more support from, and interaction with, their stations.
Reflect a community's diversity
Finding America's lead producers ranged from 24 to 62 years old; 44 percent were people of color and 73 percent were women. In comparison, NPR's staff, according to a 2015 survey, is 77.6 percent white and 54.7 percent female.
They tried also to reach people from different background in the communities they were covering; 39 percent of the community collaborators were non-white, according to Edison. 63 percent of the community collaborators were women, and 54 percent earned less than $75,000 annually.
In 2015, NPR undertook a study to examine the makeup of the sources on its weekday magazine programs, Morning Edition and All Things Considered. They were 73 percent white, down from 80 percent in 2013.
“Public media has developed this segregation of cultures; it seems like an encouragement for all the other cultures to tune out,” said Rachel Hubbard, associate director/general manager at KOSU in Oklahoma. “I feel like it doesn't start a conversation about sharing culture and creating understanding across boundaries.”
Use live events to reach new audiences
Live events were a pillar of the Finding America program, and a key mechanism for trying to reach communities that don't typically listen to or watch public media. “Many public media events are geared toward making work that suits a core audience that is predominantly white, older, and affluent,” the report's authors note. But 36 percent of Finding America's live event attendees were non-white, Edison found; 35 percent were between the ages of 25 and 34; and 60 percent made less than $75,000.
Finding America events were held in unusual places frequented by people in the community: a drive-in theater in Watertown, New York, a roller skating rink in Baltimore, Maryland, and an elementary school in the heart of New Orleans — where Unprisoned lead producer Eve Abrams held an event in partnership with “Bring Your Own,” a popular roving storytelling project. Perhaps more importantly, Finding America teams brought together people who aren't usually in the same room — public media's traditional audience and community members who don't tune into public media.
One of those events was put on by Every ZIP, a project based out of Philadelphia's WHYY. Producer Alex Lewis and Jeanette Woods, the station collaborator, held a storytelling block party at The Village of Arts and Humanities, a community arts organization. Woods:
“At WHYY, the only reason a reporter might go to The Village would be to do a piece on conflict or the effects of poverty or crime. WHYY staff and audience went to that neighborhood as neighbors. People were not thinking of that neighborhood through the lens of its stereotype — even for some reporters — as a scary and crime-ridden place. Everyone there was on the same footing, enjoying a very different kind of relationship. And WHYY helped bring that about. That kind of integrative interaction, a true creation of community, at least within the scope of the event, has always been my goal in public media…People who had never been there — and would never go to that part of the city — got to see it as just another part of the city. People who lived there, who had never heard of WHYY, discovered that the station is a place where their voices were valued, where their experiences could be heard without the filter of ‘reporting.'”
Photos of WHYY's event at The Village of Arts and Humanities and the TruckBeat truck courtesy of AIR.
A string of hacks that targeted Coinbase, the world's most well-funded Bitcoin wallet, has led to a loss of more than 40 BTC that hit different users of the service.
The main character of this story, reported by The Verge, is Jeff, who lost 10.6 BTC in December of last year (equivalent to around $10,000 at the time). The man, who wanted to keep his last name anonymous, was the victim of a hack and managed to get a refund from Coinbase.
However, a month later, Jeff's account was attacked for a second time and he lost an additional $7,000, besides his original amount. He was able to save the $7,000, but not the 10.6 BTC, as Coinbase refused to refund him again.
But Jeff is not the only one: there are two other registered thefts that resulted in the loss of $21,000 and more unconfirmed reports at Coinbase's sub-Reddit.
The problem, as researchers from the security firm FireEye told The Verge, is Coinbase's API key. “Used to let third-party apps access Coinbase accounts, the right API key will let any program move Bitcoins in and out of a given account. Once the key is compromised, attackers can even access linked bank accounts to purchase more Bitcoins. Users are advised not to authorize the API key if they don't need it“, reads the article.
Meanwhile, Coinbase released a statement regarding the matter. “While we have security measures in place that are even tighter than some online banking sites, there are still steps we as a company can take to make Coinbase accounts even more secure than average”, the company said.
“We've implemented a number of increased security measures, including expanded two-factor authentication measures designed to help lessen the likelihood of successful phishing incidents in the future. We've also added an email verification step for key actions, such as when an API key is enabled”, the statement adds, recalling that it is important for “all customers to exercise caution when clicking links to financial institutions or payment services online”.
Ernest Hemingway, one of America's greatest authors and journalists, died 52 years ago from a gunshot wound on July 2, 1961. But the true cause of his death is in fact unknown, whether it was an accident, a suicide, or a prevalent genetic killer that caused toxic levels of iron to flood the body, ultimately inciting depression and agony. Experts still debate the reasons behind Hemingway's pulling of the trigger.
A misdiagnosed disorder in his early 50s caused doctors to overlook hemochromatosis, the iron-overloading disorder that causes internal damage of joints and organs, cirrhosis of the liver, heart disease, and depression.
Hemochromatosis is a hereditary disorder characterized by excessive accumulations of iron, which leads to diabetes, liver dysfunction, and bronze skin pigmentation. It is also known as bronze diabetes or the Celtic Curse, and when it goes untreated, can cause severe pain, suffering, and death.
Ironically, July is National Hemochromatosis Awareness Month, the same month Hemingway was found in his home in Idaho at 7:30 a.m. by his fourth wife, Mary, with a gunshot wound to the head. Mary claimed he killed himself by accident while cleaning his double-barreled, 12-gauge shotgun in his foyer, wearing nothing but a robe and pajama bottoms. She was placed under sedation for the shock of her husband's death, but not before issuing a statement to the public that funeral arrangements would be private.
At the time of his death, Hemingway was 61 years old. According to Mayo Clinic, just days before the tragic death, he was receiving treatment for what was thought to be hypertension and a "very old" case of hepatitis at Mayo Clinic, a reputable not-for-profit medical hospital. His doctor described his health as "excellent" just a month before his death. He spent 56 days in the same hospital the year before with the same strange symptoms and conditions.
According to the Iron Disorders Institute, Hemingway was not suffering from an old disease, but actually an undetected and untreated case of hemochromatosis. Swiss scientist Sebastian Dieguez wrote in a 2010 journal article that Hemingway's recorded behavior and symptoms were misdiagnosed, and his death was not an accident, but a suicide driven by the pain of untreated hemochromatosis.
The rare blood disease, left untreated, causes extensive organ damage, which is especially worsened when mixed with the excessive drinking in which Hemingway frequently indulged. He was quite fond of absinth — a highly alcoholic spirit derived from botanicals including flowers and the leaves of Artemisia absinthium, which has been notoriously associated with illicit behavior since the early 1900s.
He complained often of severe hangover pains, which can now be related back to his overload iron disorder. He relied on three hangover cures to get him through the day, each of which called for more drinking, whether it be the tomato juice and beer concoction, gin and lime and Angostura bitters blend, or the absinthe and champagne medicine that required three to five doses as prescribed by Hemingway.
In his 1932 non-fiction novel, Death in the Afternoon, about the ceremony and traditions of Spanish bullfighting, Hemingway described his cures as "reviving and refreshing; cools the blood and inspires renewed interest in food, companions and life."
Despite his love for writing that won him a Nobel Prize in Literature and a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, Hemingway was suffering from depression. According to the Hemingway Foundation of Oak Park, suicide ran in his family. John Berry, the chairman of the Foundation, said Hemingway's grandfather, father, brother, sister, and granddaughter all committed suicide.
Hemingway's sudden departure from his longtime home in Cuba, following the revolution led by Fidel Castro, his service in World War I where he was seriously wounded, and his experience as a journalist on the front in the Spanish Civil War, drove him to divorces and solitude. After years of escaping death, his health quickly started to deteriorate shortly after he was almost killed in two successive plane crashes while traveling to an African safari.
Besides suicide, the Hemingway family history is also laced with the inherited condition of hemochromatosis. At the time, medicine was not advanced enough to provide direct evidence that the writer was suffering from a genetic disorder. However, the genetic connection was made in 1996 through research on the human hemochromatosis protein gene. Historically, Irish and Celtic populations have a higher prevalence rate than any other heritage. The discovery led doctors to calculate that the condition was much more common than previously thought. Calculations based on field research have led to a one in 200 diagnosis estimates and very few fatal cases unless left untreated like Hemingway.
Steve Watson
Infowars.com
November 8, 2010
The largest independent union of airline pilots in the world is urging its members to boycott body imaging machines currently being rolled out in airports all over the globe, citing dangers of excessive exposure to harmful levels of radiation during the screening process.
The president of the Allied Pilots Association, which represents 11,500 pilots, many of whom work for American Airlines, has urged members of the union to revolt against the devices.
Captain Dave Bates voiced the union's concerns in a letter published by The Atlantic late last week.
Bates asks that members be aware “that there are ‘backscatter' AIT devices now being deployed that produce ionizing radiation, which could be harmful to your health.”
The move follows the detention and suspension of an American pilot who refused to be scanned.
Captain Bates suggests that pilots refrain from being put through the scanners and if necessary opt for a pat down by TSA officials instead.
“We already experience significantly higher radiation exposure than most other occupations, and there is mounting evidence of higher-than-average cancer rates as a consequence.” Bates' letter states.
Earlier in the year, scientists warned that the machines constitute a potential health risk, noting that the radiation given off by the devices has been dangerously underestimated and could lead to an increased risk of skin cancer.
Despite these fears, the blatant violation of privacy laws, and the consistent lies that the authorities have engaged in over capabilities of the machines, Janet Napolitano, head of the DHS, recently announced plans to expand the full-body scanner program even further.
In the U.S., travelers can refuse the body scanner and opt for the pat down, however, this option is not offered by the TSA, rather the traveler must declare that they wish to “opt out”.
A recent New York Times report describes the humiliating turn of events should airline passengers exercise this right, with individuals being singled out and prodded, probed and poked by TSA agents in front of everyone else queuing in the security lines.
New pat down procedures have recently been instituted by the TSA, allowing agents to use their fingers and the palms of their hands to feel around breasts and genitalia. Previously agents were instructed to brush the backs of their hands against these areas.
The APA president, Captain Bates, acknowledges how humiliating the new pat downs are in his letter:
“There is absolutely no denying that the enhanced pat-down is a demeaning experience. In my view, it is unacceptable to submit to one in public while wearing the uniform of a professional airline pilot. I recommend that all pilots insist that such screening is performed in an out-of-view area to protect their privacy and dignity.” he writes.
The new pat down technique has even been likened to “foreplay”. An American Civil Liberties Union spokesman has called the new security procedures a choice between a “virtual strip search” and a “grope.”
“Travelers are being asked to choose between being scanned ‘naked' and exposed to radiation, or getting what people are describing as just a highly invasive search by hands of their entire bodies.” Chris Ott, a spokesman for the ACLU of Massachusetts, said.
People traveling out of the UK and other areas of Europe don't even get the choice – they are forced to go through the scanner if asked and cannot refuse or they are banned from traveling. This policy seems to be slowly extending into the U.S., however, given recent reports from airport workers in El Paso, Texas who say that everyone is now being forced through the machines.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Privacy group Big Brother Watch has backed the APA's advice to pilots, with director Alex Deane, noting “Scanners are dangerous. There's a reason that the nurse stands behind a screen when you get an x-ray at hospital. Radiation is potentially harmful, even in small doses, and the regularity with which frequent flyers are exposed to potentially cancer-causing radiation.”
“If pilots aren't going to be scanned, why should members of the public?” Deane added.
“This stance from a professional group, the world's leading association of pilots, must shake the government out of its absurd position on scanners.”
The TSA has a regularly updated list of which American airports are using AIT full-body scanners here.
Alex Jones' recent analysis of this issue and an interview with an employee who was subjected to the new TSA pat down procedure has so far been viewed by almost 200,000 on YouTube after the top rated news aggregator The Drudge Report linked to the video:
APA president Captain Bates' letter in full:
Fellow Pilots, In response to increased threats to civil aviation around the world, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has implemented the use of Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT) body scanners at some airport locations. While I'm sure that each of us recognizes that the threats to our lives are real, the practice of airport security screening of airline pilots has spun out of control and does nothing to improve national security. It's long past time that policymakers take the steps necessary to exempt commercial pilots from airport security screening and grant designated pilot access to SIDA utilizing either Crew Pass or biometric identification. As I recently wrote to the TSA Administrator: “Our pilots are highly motivated partners in the effort to protect our nation's security, with many of us serving as Federal Flight Deck Officers. We are all keenly aware that we may serve as the last line of defense against another terrorist attack on commercial aviation. Rather than being viewed as potential threats, we should be treated commensurate with the authority and responsibility that we are vested with as professional pilots.” It is important to note that there are “backscatter” AIT devices now being deployed that produce ionizing radiation, which could be harmful to your health. Airline pilots in the United States already receive higher doses of radiation in their on-the-job environment than nearly every other category of worker in the United States, including nuclear power plant employees. As I also stated in my recent letter to the Administrator of the TSA: “We are exposed to radiation every day on the job. For example, a typical Atlantic crossing during a solar flare can expose a pilot to radiation equivalent to 100 chest X-rays per hour. Requiring pilots to go through the AIT means additional radiation exposure. I share our pilots' concerns about this additional radiation exposure and plan to recommend that our pilots refrain from going through the AIT. We already experience significantly higher radiation exposure than most other occupations, and there is mounting evidence of higher-than-average cancer rates as a consequence.” It's safe to say that most of the APA leadership shares my view that no pilot at American Airlines should subject themselves to the needless privacy invasion and potential health risks caused by the AIT body scanners. I therefore recommend that the pilots of American Airlines consider the following guidelines: Use designated crew lines if available. Politely decline AIT exposure and request alternative screening. There is absolutely no denying that the enhanced pat-down is a demeaning experience. In my view, it is unacceptable to submit to one in public while wearing the uniform of a professional airline pilot. I recommend that all pilots insist that such screening is performed in an out-of-view area to protect their privacy and dignity. If screening delays your arrival at the cockpit, do not cut corners that jeopardize the safety of the flight. Consummate professionalism and safety are always paramount. Maintain composure and professionalism at all times and recognize that you are probably being videotaped. If you feel that you have been treated with less than courtesy, respect and professionalism, please submit an observer report to APA. Please be sure to include the time, date, security checkpoint and name of the TSA employee who performed the screening. Avoid confrontation. Your APA Board of Directors and National Officers are holding a conference call this week to discuss these issues and further guidance may be forthcoming. While I cannot promise results tomorrow, I pledge to dedicate APA resources in the days and weeks to come to achieve direct access to SIDA for the pilots of American Airlines. In the meantime, I am confident that you will continue to exhibit your usual utmost professionalism as you safely operate and protect our nation's air transport system.
Fresh food that lasts from eFoods Direct (Ad)
———
Steve Watson is the London based writer and editor at Alex Jones' Infowars.net, and regular contributor to Prisonplanet.com. He has a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham in England.
People have already made up their minds about The Order: 1886. They debate on arbitrary things like speedruns, graphical changes since E3, and whether the game's cinematic nature classifies it as a game. It's going to be hilarious watching those same folks eat their hat.
The Order: 1886 comes to us from Ready at Dawn. The team, to this point, has worked almost exclusively on portable platforms, delivering Daxter, God of War: Chains of Olympus, Okami on the Wii, God of War: Ghost of Sparta, and finally God of War: Origins Collection on the PlayStation 3. From outward appearances, this is not a company you'd expect a new AAA blockbuster franchise from as they have been doing more port work than creation till now. But there is a lot more here than it seems.
Back in 2009, Ready at Dawn began to build their own engine to create what would eventually be revealed as The Order: 1886. The reveal was met with wide skepticism. Many flatly stated that the footage had to be entirely CGI, and that there was no way the PlayStation 4 could deliver that level of graphical fidelity. Admittedly, I was even a skeptic. This is one instance where I am very glad to be wrong.
The old order changeth, yielding place to new
As the title suggests, The Order takes place in 1886. The fabled Knights in Arthurian legend are charged with the task of protecting London from a rebel uprising that threatens the city. King Arthur and his retinue must now face a new threat — half-breeds (read: Lycans) that have begun to savage the denizens of London. You play Sir Galahad, one of the Knights of the Round Table in this alt-steampunk setting. Paired with tech luminary Nikola Tesla, you'll need to unravel the source of this grave threat while holding back the rising tide of rebels that threaten the safety of the citizenry. Can the steampunk-inspired technical wizardry of Tesla, combined with the life-extending powers of the Blackwater (read: Holy Grail) bring these vaunted soldiers victory, or will London succumb to darkness forever?
The Order is very much a cinematic game, but we've seen those before. Games like The Last of Us have brought us immersive and interactive worlds that rather seamlessly transition between story and gameplay, but even on the remastered edition of that title there is still a marked visible difference. Ready at Dawn has erased this line, creating a game that flawlessly moves between controlled actions and cinematics in such a way that I found myself occasionally waiting for a scene to continue only to find that it was my time to act.
The first and most obvious thing about The Order: 1886 is its meticulous approach to presentation. Steampunk-inspired London is a world with Zeppelins (a full 30 years ahead of their time), guns that fire thermite that can be ignited with a flare, repeating self-loading pistols, as well as wireless communication. Many of these things were being worked on in real life by visionary Nikola Tesla, so it feels like far less of a stretch than I would have imagined. Each and every inch of The Order is lovingly crafted, and it shows. Clothing rustles and moves the way you would expect, people move in a (mostly) natural way, and the environments are heavily varied. Airships, sewers, tight-quartered back alleys, and the wide open spaces on a besieged bridge are just a few of the locations you'll do battle in The Order.
I did want to take a moment to call out one area above all others — facial animations. The Ready at Dawn team have created character faces that are simply astonishing. When a game gives you hyper-realistic faces, it's usually dead eyes and awkward movements that drop us right into the middle of the uncanny valley, but The Order crosses that valley with flying colors. Sir Galahad, Sir Percival, Lady Igraine, and Knight's Apprentice Lafayette look amazing, but that's expected as they are the main characters, right? Well, every other character in the game received a near equal amount of work as everyone in this game is CGI-quality. I have never seen a game pay this much attention to its peripheral characters. During the cinematic moments, the incredible graphical fidelity sucks you in and locks you there in a way that few games ever have. Ready at Dawn better make some room on a shelf for some awards — The Order: 1886 is absolutely gorgeous.
Amazingly, with this level of graphical fidelity I never saw a single framerate hitch during any cutscene or gameplay. Hilariously, the only place I saw frame stutter was during the final credits! No game has ever looked this good, so to get this amazing an experience with a rock solid framerate was a welcome surprise.
While I was reviewing the game and more than halfway through completion I had somebody ask me if the letterboxing during cinematics bothered me. Frankly, I was confused as I hadn't noticed any letterboxing. In point of fact, the cutscenes do have a top and bottom black bar to create a cinematic letterbox effect, but its completely transparent to the feel of the game. Had that Editor not pointed it out, I'm not sure I would have even noticed.
There is one area that does pull you out of that immersion, however. Occasionally you'll need to give somebody a boost, open a door, or wait for an NPC to clear a path for you. Sometimes they'll blankly stare at you before the engine rights itself and they continue on with their task. It's truly a nitpick, but it did happen a few times during my playthrough.
Why is all around us here. As if some lesser god had made the world
As the folks are clearing space for their achievements on the graphics side of the house, they might want to clear some additional trophy room for an avalanche of audio awards as well. Composers Jason Graves (Dead Space, Evolve, Tomb Raider), and Austin Wintory (Journey, The Banner Saga, flOw) teamed up to create a soundtrack with incredible depth for The Order: 1886. Recording with a full orchestra at historical Abbey Road Studios, the team put together an incredible authentic period soundtrack unlike any other. Featuring throaty contrabassoons paired with equally deep cello, staccato violin sections, and some incredibly low vocal work, Graves and Wintory built a sound that is melancholy and carries with it a weight that matches the darker tone of The Order. More than just background, the music sets the tone here, evoking both horror and dread, and enhancing the cinematic and victorian feel of the game without resorting to the rote harpsichord and brass-heavy sounds we normally hear in a ‘period' game.
Beyond the amazing soundtrack, the actors behind our Arthurian Knights turn in very believable voice work. Steve West gives us an incredible performance as Sir Galahad, bringing a wearily-stoic gravitas to his performance without resorting to the usual growling business. Graham McTavish plays Sir Perceval, and from the moment he speaks you can hear the authority in his voice, making his senior position in The Order very believable. Alice Coulthard plays Lady Igraine, the only female member of The Order, embodying patience and wisdom coupled with a ferocity and deep caring for Sir Galahad. Frederik Hamel plays The Marquis de Lafayette, an Apprentice waiting to become a Knight. He is easily my favorite character, bringing levity to a grim situation in a believable, albeit somewhat melancholy way. Together they feel like companions, not just tacked-on puppets barking out their parts. It's always difficult to bring chemistry to life when you are simply adding voices to somebody else's work, but this team does it brilliantly. There are a few other characters in the game that I won't mention for fear of spoilers, but those two additional ladies should find their way into more work and soon.
Adding to the auditory feast, the ambient and weapons' sounds in The Order bear mention. The usual carbine and pistol sounds are present and accounted for, but this is Steampunk / Victorian Tesla-inspired gear! Lightning crackles the air from the tip of the charged TS-23 Resonant Circuit Arc Induction Lance, and heavy rounds land with every shot from the Essex M2 PN83 ‘Falchion' Auto-Rifle. Saving the best for last, though, is the Thermite Rifle that I mentioned earlier. The Essex M86 FL Thermite Rifle is a longer weapon with a wheel of ammunition on top. That wheel is packed with strips of aluminum iron oxide that, when fired, explode into a white cloud around the target. Left alone, that's enough to choke a man, but when you fire a flare into that cloud the chemical reaction is explosive. Fire consumes the target, leaving them screaming and flailing. Cover is ineffective against this weapon as it can be fired above said obstruction and then ignited. Many times I was given the opportunity to switch out to other weapons, only to carry the Thermite Rifle all the way to the end of the chapter. Every one of these weapons sound fantastic, making it clear that Ready at Dawn spent as much time on their sound as they did on the visuals.
Ready my knights for battle. They will ride with their king once more
Much has been said about the cinematic nature of the game, but thankfully The Order is not a one trick pony. When you engage in combat you'll find that Ready at Dawn has created a very capable cover-based shooter. With a button press you can put your back against obstacles or entrances. Leaning out with your rifle exposes you to incoming fire, or you can blind-fire around objects. The camera pulls in tighter when you are in cover, meaning you don't get the usual omnipotent isometric view that lets you ‘cheat' your way through a firefight. It's refreshing and adds to the challenge of the game. I do wish that there was a mechanic to move from cover to cover safely, but it does work very well.
There are a number of quicktime events in The Order, but I'm going to classify them a bit differently. You'll engage in combat up close with enemies and the world will slow down, placing one or two dots on your target. You'll select one of these dots with the right thumbstick and then a button press prompt will appear. This will allow you to resist a hold, break a wrist, stab a target, and more. Because the button is not revealed until you select the target, it creates what I'm dubbing ‘purposeful quicktime' events. These tense moments feel like they add more depth than the usual ‘push X to not die' to which we've all become accustomed. Failing these events is often immediately fatal, so you'll need to pay attention. I do wish that the team had given us more options with the target selection moments, but I'll have to hope for that in the sequel.
Beyond combat, there are a great many collectables in the game. With a little bit of exploring you'll find newspapers with readable text, pictures that have a matte finish that reflects the light and shows pressure where your thumb holds it, and other objects of interest in the environment. These are entirely optional, but it adds a great deal to the story setting. Additionally, there are wax phonograph cylinders which add a bit more flavor to the narrative.
Nikola Tesla has outfitted The Order with quite a few gadgets to help them in the field. These provide a few minigames to occasionally break up the action. I won't ruin some of the surprises, but an example might be a lockpick that uses air to help lift the lock tumblers, or a cathode tube-based electrical ‘hacking' device that can short circuit a power box. I wish some of the one-off items had been used more often, but they make sense in the context of the game. It never felt like the team said “I have a gadget, let's build a section around it”, instead letting them find their use naturally.
Through the use of the Blackwater, Sir Galahad can unleash a skill called Blacksight. Blacksight is a slow motion mode that allows him to hip-fire with his pistol, flicking between targets with the right thumbstick. Playing the game on Medium difficulty, I never found that Blacksight was necessary to win any particular battle, but it certainly helped in a pinch. It's fun to try to use it to shoot a grenade out of the air, and you'll pick up an PlayStation Trophy for your efforts.
With a game clocking in at 50GB, you'd have to imagine incredibly painful load times, but The Order, even the initial load is extremely quick. Once you get into the game, all other content streaming is hidden behind the cutscenes. This means the cutscenes are unskippable, but never staring at a loading screen with a spinning logo is a far better experience.
The final elephant in the room is the game length. While we will be doing a Metatheory Podcast soon to talk about game length, I'll state plainly that it took me about nine hours to finish The Order: 1886. I didn't rush, but I also didn't waste any time, playing it on Medium difficulty. You can expect roughly the same amount of gameplay. That said, as my friend David Roberts said recently “it goes on as long as it needs to.” It doesn't overstay its welcome, and none of the content feels superfluous. When every moment of a game feels meaningful, nine hours is the perfect length for an adventure / shooter game.
95 Excellent The Order: 1886 Review Guidelines Literally no game has ever looked this good. It's strange to even write that, but The Order: 1886 raises the bar so far above its contemporaries that it stands in a class by itself. Joined by a soundtrack that perfects the mood, The Order is a cinematic masterpiece. If you want to show off your PlayStation 4 to your friends, this is the title to showcase. —Ron Burke
Ron Burke is the Editor-in-Chief for Gaming Trend. Currently living in Fort Worth, Texas, Ron is an old-school gamer who enjoys CRPGs, action/adventure, platformers, music games, and has recently gotten into tabletop gaming. Ron is also a fourth degree black belt, with a Master's rank in Matsumura Seito Shōrin-ryū, Moo Duk Kwan Tang Soo Do, Universal Tang Soo Do Alliance, and International Tang Soo Do Federation. He also holds ranks in several other styles in his search to be a well-rounded fighter. Ron has been married to Gaming Trend Editor, Laura Burke, for 21 years. They have three dogs - Pazuzu (Irish Terrier), Atë, and Calliope (both Australian Kelpie/Pit Bull mixes).
New Facebook game CastleVille is one of Zynga's fastest-growing titles ever, as it announced a few days ago. That's good news for the company, but maybe not good enough when you consider the trajectory of most of its other games on Facebook — and its plans for an initial public offering as soon as this coming week.
After launching in the middle of November, the medieval role-playing simulation title has grown to 6.9 million daily active users today, currently the third-highest out of any Zynga game on Facebook.
Overall, the developer has a total of 49.5 million daily actives on Facebook, according to Inside Network's AppData application tracking service. It's still by far the largest of any Facebook developer, but it has been falling from its peaks in previous months and years. Up until CastleVille launched, its games had been drifting down over the last 30 days from 48.2 million DAU.
And bigger picture, the company's Facebook DAU had been 59 million in the second quarter, and had already fallen to 54 million in the third. In previous amendments to its filing, Zynga had said these changes were due “to a decline in players of our more mature games and a limited number of new game launches in the first nine months of 2011.”
DAU is crucial because it indicates how addicted players are. This daily addiction is what leads some fraction of the players to buy virtual goods — the model that drives the social gaming business.
So, CastleVille has a lot of growing left to do if it's going to bring back or replace all these former users. It's certainly off to a good start.
But by picking through the other 30-day AppData sets for Zynga's other largest Facebook titles, you can see that most of its other games are declining. Zynga has had exceptional success at keeping its games popular with users over the months and years, but it is not immune from natural churn, nor from unsuccessful launches.
CityVille, its year-old city builder title and biggest game by DAU, has gone from 12.1 million to 10.8 million in the past four weeks.
Its farming sim from 2009, FarmVille, is down by half a million, to 7 million today.
Texas Hold'Em, Zynga's first hit (and an amazingly perennial one at that), has fallen below CastleVille, to 6.3 million DAU.
Empires & Allies, launched in June, has also fallen by half a million.
Other new titles are also not looking too healthy. Adventure World, which launched in September, is down by almost one million DAU.
And Mafia Wars 2, the big new version of its long-standing RPG hit launched just last month, is now down by half.
CastleVille isn't Zynga's only success story now. The developer has been making big gains on mobile in the past year, culminating with an increase of more than a million DAU in October for an average total of 11.1 million DAU across iOS, Android and mobile web apps, as Inside Mobile Apps spotted in the filings. That success has been led by Words With Friends, which has continued to grow this month.
CastleVille appears to be getting at least some resources that had been supporting other recent launches. Zynga has traditionally grown traffic through clever combinations of tactics including many smaller iterations within games, large-scale advertising on Facebook, aggressive use of Facebook's social channels, and launches of new games and expansions that it can direct players to when they get tired of older games.
Regarding Mafia Wars and Adventure World's especially distinct falls, Zynga has cut off recent launches before — like for Poker Blitz, which you've probably never heard of.
There's also a more specific issue that Zynga faces with cross-promotion, that has mattered more and more than its players — mostly people who don't consider themselves “gamers” — get more sophisticated. As my former colleague AJ Glasser observes in a great analysis piece over on Inside Social Games, when people playing one game eventually get bored, they might not find a suitable replacement in Zynga's stable.
The company's stakes are higher than ever, with ongoing rumors of its initial public offering pegging the date for as early as this coming week. Investors want a growth story. Zynga does have that in terms of revenue, as its recent filings show. It has been figuring out how to steadily make more money per user over the years.
But it also needs to show that it can keep gaining new users without losing too many old ones. CastleVille will need to show a strong growth streak over the next few months if it's going to head into CityVille territory, and address its larger traffic concerns.
Dave Poulin stopped by the Brady and Walker Show on the Fan590 this morning (you can listen to the full audio here), touching on the subjects in the title above as well as JvR, the goaltending battle, Cody Franson, and the Leafs‘ cap situation.
On JvR's impressive preseason:
“Even since the moment he's joined us, we've seen a change in JvR. I think he's just scratching the surface, I really do. The goal last night, which we've seen a couple of times now… the hand skills, and I think it's the combination of the mind going is growing into the body is growing into the skill set, [he's] now maturing. There's only much, much better to come from him. He's a force every day, and since the first day of practice, he's been a different player on the ice and he's been at a higher level every day. That's what we look for, the consistency part. We knew the pieces were there but the consistency we're seeing from a professional hockey player is different from JvR right now.”
On Cody Franson:
“I don't think there is an elephant in the room in that it's so competitive back there and there's a NHL-calibre of people challenging for jobs. We still have more than 6, and it's highly, highly competitive back there. Once you get in and get going, it's very hard to be concerned with what's not here. I've been through situations as a player where there was a player is not in camp, a prominent player, and you simply can't worry about it on an everyday basis. I think that's what the team is doing.”
On the cap situation:
“I would caution one thing. I know there is a website that has become extremely popular in terms of cap knowledge. It's not exact. There's a cushion base that's figured in here… nobody can sit outside our room and tell us exactly what our cap is other than Claude Loiselle, and that's corresponding directly with the league. The cap number that is out there, while it's in the ballpark, it's not exactly accurate.”
“It's inaccurate, because of the bonus cushion you're allowed on contracts. There is more of a margin there. That said, for a number of teams it is really, really tight. The timing of this is unfortunate, coming off a year where the cap goes down. I think what we're going to see is situations where teams are carrying less than 23 players. It's going to become more the norm than the exception. 21 is going to be a number you see way more than 23.”
Cap impact of Clarkson's suspension:
“Now you have to fill a spot with X number of dollars. You don't have to fill it with his cap number, but it does make it more challenging without a doubt.”
On Raymond's role in the cap crunch:
“That was agreed to before this whole [thing]. I believe it was Sunday morning we came to terms with Mason. It looks like it was but that was all agreed to beforehand. We're thrilled to have Mason joining us and it was a really important part. It was an important part with or without the David Clarkson piece, but certainly we have a player who is stepping in extremely well and is going to have a wonderful opportunity here in Toronto.
“You're getting a significant player, and he's going to be a huge part of our team, and he came on a tryout because of his relationship with Dave Nonis from X number of years ago.”
On the goaltending situation:
“I got a text from a friend during the game last night and he said, ‘I love this goaltending situation,' and it was after a few big saves by Reims in the first period. This is what you envision when you do it. Everyone's first take on it was negative. I say everyone; a lot of the fans and the media, it was a negative take, that we were doing something to slight James Reimer. It wasn't the case at all. We wanted to create a competitive situation to drive the pair of athletes to another level. That's what your goal is when you do this. So far both have responded extremely well and it will only get better.”
Kessel's contract situation:
“I think both sides are well aware of [Kessel's desire not to negotiate in-season]. We've got some time here and that could still develop in the next few days.”
Nearly two-dozen Republicans are calling on the Trump Justice Department to appoint a second special counsel to investigate the raft of 2016 campaign controversies involving Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration, warning these questions cannot “be allowed to die on the vine” amid the Russia probe firestorm.
Continue Reading Below
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., and GOP committee colleagues made the request in a letter Thursday to Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
“The American public has a right to know the facts – all of them – surrounding the election and its aftermath,” they wrote. “We urge you to appoint a second special counsel to ensure these troubling, unanswered questions are not relegated to the dustbin of history.”
'I don't think that the crimes of the prior administration, of Hillary Clinton, the collusion with James Comey and Loretta Lynch should be forgotten just because Hillary Clinton lost the election' - Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., to 'Fox & Friends'
The lawmakers want an entirely separate special counsel probe from the one Robert Mueller is leading into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and possible coordination with Trump associates. The crux of their argument is that numerous unanswered questions remain from the 2016 campaign cycle that have been pushed aside amid the intense Russia focus.
They delivered an extensive, 14-point request for what a second special counsel should cover, including:
Continue Reading Below
Allegations that former Attorney General Loretta Lynch instructed then-FBI Director James Comey to downplay the nature of the Clinton email probe
The FBI and DOJ's decisions in the course of the email probe, including controversial immunity deals with Clinton aide Cheryl Mills and others
The State Department's involvement in deciding which Clinton emails to make public
Disclosures in WikiLeaks-released emails regarding the Clinton Foundation and, according to the letter, “It's potentially unlawful international dealings”
Connections between Clinton officials and “foreign entities” including Russia and Ukraine
Revelations in hacked Democratic National Committee emails about “inappropriate” coordination between the DNC and Clinton campaign against Bernie Sanders' Democratic primary campaign
The “unmasking” of Americans in intelligence documents and potentially related leaks of classified information
Comey's admitted leak of details of his conversations with President Trump
The FBI's “reliance” on controversial firm Fusion GPS, which was involved in the questionable anti-Trump “dossier”
“Our call for a special counsel is not made lightly,” the lawmakers wrote. “We have no interest in engendering more bad feelings and less confidence in the process or governmental institutions by the American people. Rather, our call is made on their behalf. It is meant to determine whether the criminal prosecution of any individual is warranted based on the solemn obligation to follow the facts wherever they lead and applying the law to those facts.”
The push comes as Sessions comes under tremendous pressure from Trump to revisit 2016 controversies concerning Clinton and Democratic officials. The president has publicly pilloried the attorney general over his decision in March to recuse himself from the Russia probe, which led to the appointment of Mueller whom Trump has also criticized.
Sessions told Fox News' Tucker Carlson that the criticism has been “kind of hurtful” but defended his recusal and insisted he would stay on the job as long as the president allows.
Democrats have blasted the periodic GOP efforts to bring back these 2016 controversies, and maintain that Russia's interference in the campaign is a more pressing matter. Following Trump's criticism last week of both Sessions and Mueller, top House Intelligence Committee Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff, of California, defended the importance of the current special counsel investigation.
"There is no doubt that Mueller has the authority to investigate anything that arises from his investigation into the Trump campaign's ties to Russia, including financial links, and this is spelled out in the order from the Deputy Attorney General and the law that governs the powers of the Special Counsel,” he said in a statement, while also urging Trump to “rule out categorically” the prospect of using pardons to undermine that probe.
But aside from Republican frustration over the evolving and intensifying Russia probe, recent developments have fueled their interest in revisiting 2016's other controversies. Comey's Capitol Hill testimony in June included a startling allegation that Lynch told him to refer to the Clinton email investigation as a “matter,” which Comey said made him “queasy.”
The Fusion GPS firm also came under renewed criticism this week when a Senate hearing witness alleged the same firm was connected to Russia-backed efforts to fight U.S. sanctions on the country.
House Judiciary Republicans voted earlier this week to call an investigation into Comey's handling of the Clinton email probe.
One of those lawmakers, Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., told “Fox & Friends” on Friday that there seems to be a “double standard in justice.”
“I don't think that the crimes of the prior administration, of Hillary Clinton, the collusion with James Comey and Loretta Lynch should be forgotten just because Hillary Clinton lost the election,” he said.
By Adam Taylor
The Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC is good for many applications including embedded vision. It's APU with two or four 64-bit ARM Cortex-A53 processors, Mali GPU, DisplayPort interface, and on-chip programmable logic (PL) give the Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC plenty of processing power to address exciting applications such as ADAS and vision-guided robotics with relative ease. Further, we can use the device's PL and its programmable I/O to interface with a range of vision and video standards including MIPI, LVDS, parallel, VoSPI, etc. When it comes to interfacing image sensors, the Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC can handle just about anything you throw at it.
Once we've brought the image into the Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC's PL, we can implement an image-processing pipeline using existing IP cores from the Xilinx library or we can develop our own custom IP cores using Vivado HLS (high-level synthesis). However, for many applications we'll need to move the images into the device's PS (processing system) domain before we can apply exciting application-level algorithms such as decision making or use the Xilinx reVISION acceleration stack.
The original MicroZed Evaluation kit and UltraZed board used for this demo
I thought I would kick off the fourth year of this blog with a look at how we can use VDMA instantiated in the Zynq MPSoC's PL to transfer images from the PL to the PS-attached DDR Memory without processor intervention. You often need to make such high-speed background transfers in a variety of applications.
To do this we will use the following IP blocks:
Zynq MPSoC core – Configured to enable both a Full Power Domain (FPD) AXI HP Master and FPD HPC AXI Slave, along with providing at least one PL clock and reset to the PL fabric.
VDMA core – Configured for write only operations, No FSync option and with a Genlock Mode of master
Test Pattern Generator (TPG) – Configurable over the AXI Lite interface
AXI Interconnects – Implement the Master and Slave AXI networks
Once configured over its AXI Lite interface, the Test Pattern Generator outputs test patterns which are then transferred into the PS-attached DDR memory. We can demonstrate that this has been successful by examining the memory locations using SDK.
Enabling the FPD Master and Slave Interfaces
For this simple example, we'll clock both the AXI networks at the same frequency, driven by PL_CLK_0 at 100MHz.
For a deployed system, an image sensor would replace the TPG as the image source and we would need to ensure that the VDMA input-channel clocks (Slave-to-Memory-Map and Memory-Map-to-Slave) were fast enough to support the required pixel and frame rate. For example, a sensor with a resolution of 1280 pixels by 1024 lines running at 60 frames per second would require a clock rate of at least 108MHz. We would need to adjust the clock frequency accordingly.
Block Diagram of the completed design
To aid visibility within this example, I have included three ILA modules, which are connected to the outputs of the Test Pattern Generator, AXI VDMA, and the Slave Memory Interconnect. Adding these modules enables the use of Vivado's hardware manager to verify that the software has correctly configured the TPG and the VDMA to transfer the images.
With the Vivado design complete and built, creating the application software to configure the TPG and VDMA to generate images and move them from the PL to the PS is very straightforward. We use the AXIVDMA, V_TPG, Video Common APIs available under the BSP lib source directory to aid in creating the application. The software itself performs the following:
Initialize the TPG and the AXI VDMA for use in the software application Configure the TPG to generate a test pattern configured as below Set the Image Width to 1280, Image Height to 1080 Set the color space to YCRCB, 4:2:2 format Set the TPG background pattern Enable the TPG and set it for auto reloading Configure the VDMA to write data into the PS memory Set up the VDMA parameters using a variable of the type XAxiVdma_DmaSetup – remember the horizontal size and stride are measured in bytes not pixels. Configure the VDMA with the setting defined above Set the VDMA frame store location address in the PS DDR Start VDMA transfer
The application will then start generating test frames, transferred from the TPG into the PS DDR memory. I disabled the caches for this example to ensure that the DDR memory is updated.
Examining the ILAs, you will see the TPG generating frames and the VDMA transferring the stream into memory mapped format:
TPG output, TUSER indicates start of frame while TLAST indicates end of line
VDMA Memory Mapped Output to the PS
Examining the frame store memory location within the PS DDR memory using SDK demonstrates that the pixel values are present.
Test Pattern Pixel Values within the PS DDR Memory
You can use the same approach in Vivado when creating software for a Zynq Z-7000 SoC iinstead of a Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC by enabling the AXI GP master for the AXI Lite bus and AXI HP slave for the VDMA channel.
Should you be experiencing trouble with your VDMA based image processing chain, you might want to read this blog.
The project, as always, is on GitHub.
If you want E book or hardback versions of previous MicroZed chronicle blogs, you can get them below.
First Year E Book here
First Year Hardback here.
Second Year E Book here
Second Year Hardback here
By Brandon Smith
If you are a longtime activist in the Liberty Movement then you are well aware that elections do not matter in terms of the future direction our nation takes. Presidents are puppets of international financiers, and so are most legislators. Whenever a president does attempt to go against the system, he either ends up shot by a “lone gunman,” or his office is disgraced by a conveniently-leaked scandal.
Today, elections represent the illusion of choice; that is all. The leadership of both major parties seem different in terms of their rhetoric, but this is all cosmetic. Underneath the talk, Democrat and Republican leaders are nearly identical in their support for bigger government, more centralization, less constitutional protections, more globalism, more power to international banks and central banks, and less transparency and accountability.
For many decades now, the choice has been between the puppet on the left hand or the puppet on the right hand. This year is proving to be a little different, at least on the face of things, to the point where elections are becoming rather surreal.
For younger generations with limited experience participating in the world of U.S. elections, developments today might seem odd but not outlandish. For older generations of Americans a consensus seems to be forming and the concerns commonly expressed in the mainstream and on the Web appear to match – 2016 is turning out to be the strangest presidential election they have ever seen.
In my recent article “Will A Trump Presidency Really Change Anything For The Better?” I examine Trump's ambiguity as an individual and his lack of political history, and why this makes him a hard candidate to pin down. The fact is, Trump is enticing to the public for the most part because the public has no idea what he really stands for. We have no evidence that his rhetoric is false because he has no legislative history to contradict his claims.
With candidates like Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, and Ted Cruz, the public is well aware of where they really stand on the issues – Clinton is hardcore globalist establishment, Ted Cruz is the same though he pretends to be opposite, and Bernie, well, Bernie is damn socialist and his only redeeming value is that he is at least honest about it.
The public knows what they will get with the other candidates; they do not know what they will get with Trump. Thus, Trump enjoys an incredible level of popularity because many Americans would rather gamble on the unknown than stick with the status quo.
The very presence of a candidate like Trump alone makes election 2016 extra weird, but this is only the beginning.
Some might argue that any change in the atmosphere of our election process at this point can only be a good thing. I would argue that the fact that the establishment is allowing their longtime control mechanism to evolve into an overwhelming reality television-style circus (rather than the stiff and boringly predictable farce we are used to) suggests that Americans are being deliberately distracted from dangerous geopolitical and economic developments.
Look at it this way; we have Trump who is an attack-dog candidate who ends up in the news every other day for something he said and who attacks a Democratic opponent with which he has in the past maintained a longtime friendship. We have a fully exposed international criminal in the form of Clinton, who has been under investigation and should be prosecuted. We have a full-blown socialist named Bernie whose supporters make up a majority of the crazed social justice and cultural Marxist crowd. And we have Cruz, a “pro-constitution” anti-bank candidate with ties to those same banks and ties to an anti-sovereignty think tank (The Council on Foreign Relations).
Some Republicans accuse Trump of being an agent for the Clinton camp. Some Democrats accuse Sanders of being an agent for the Republicans. Hillary barks like a dog at her own campaign events. Sanders supporters start fights at Trump rallies and then get their asses beat because cultural Marxists are abject weaklings. Cruz gets accused of repeated adultery while some idiot thinks that posting naked pictures of Trump's wife will actually hurt his campaign rather than help it.
This whole situation feels like a soap opera gone terribly awry. How could one NOT be distracted?
In the meantime, we have a global economy returning to extreme volatility after years of central bank manipulation which has failed to accomplish anything except make the rich and powerful more rich and powerful. We have potential geopolitical hot spots in Syria, Ukraine and the South China Sea which continue to present possible triggers for global conflict. We have internationally organized terrorist supervillains in the form of ISIS, the same Islamic extremists that Western covert intelligence agencies trained and funded to destabilize the Middle East now attacking multiple countries in the West. And, we have Eastern and Western banks working closely with the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements while pretending to be at odds with each other.
Any of the above factors could set catastrophes in motion that could change the world for a hundred years or more, and yet we are fed a steady diet of campaign mega-drama.
As stated earlier, elections in the U.S. do not decide the future of our nation, but they do in many ways reflect the level of insanity that our collective society has reached, and, they also can reflect the direction in which the establishment hopes to send us.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
I believe it is very possible, considering the already erratic nature of the elections so far, that we might end up with unexpected developments and outcomes designed to further mesmerize the masses. Here are just a few of those potential events.
A Three- Or Four-Way Race
Trump has suggested in the past that he might run as an independent candidate in the event that the Republican Party uses a brokered convention to remove him from the race. I am not convinced that the entire Trump vs. Republican Establishment situation is not a contrived Kabuki theater. That said, the general argument would be that a Trump independent run would “guarantee” a Democratic win.
Again, I believe the winner of the election is already predetermined, but assuming for a moment this is not the case, the Democrats have the same problem as the Republicans. Bernie Sanders has said months ago that he was not interested in running under a third party if Clinton gets the nomination, but his supporters continue to call for him to do so, and, many of those polled have stated that they would refuse to vote for Clinton if Sanders loses the nomination.
This presents a potentially frenetic final election filled with utter chaos; a three- or four-way “competition” in which there is no clear leader; a funny prospect for those of us who are tired of the election con game, but pretty disturbing to everyone else.
Delegates Choose A Candidate That Does Not Represent Public Wishes
Contentions are increasing over the existence of “superdelegates” in the Democratic Party which have the power to override party majority sentiment towards a particular candidate. Many of these superdelegates are actually top-ranking members and officials of the Democratic Party, and can vote for any candidate they wish rather than following a “pledge” to vote at the convention for the candidate that the democratic constituency wants.
While the Republican establishment tends to use convention “rule changes” as a fail-safe to prevent a grassroots candidate from achieving an upset in the nomination (as they did with Ron Paul), the Democrats use the superdelegates as a fail-safe for the same purpose. It is very possible that Bernie Sanders could receive the widest popular support among Democrat voters but still lose the nomination to Clinton through the superdelegates.
Convention-Inspired Conflict And Riots
Given the already seething angst between supporters of Trump, Cruz, Sanders and Clinton, any railroading of a candidate at the conventions, whether real or fabricated for effect, could very well result in internal violence spilling into open riots. Some candidates, including Trump, have suggested this will be the ultimate outcome. I tend to agree. The divisions between Americans are so pronounced now that I would be shocked if people did not react emotionally to a brokered or stolen convention. This would also be a fantastic method to continue the distraction of the public away from greater problems.
A Surprise Combined Ticket
This scenario had not struck me as realistic until last week; I'm not sure why (perhaps it is too strange), but it is certainly plausible. The idea that Trump and Cruz or Clinton and Sanders might actually combine forces at a brokered convention might sound ridiculous today, but keep in mind that most elections are nothing more than theater, and this includes fake rivalries. Beyond this, the argument could be made on either side that the only way to “win” is to unite the divided Democrats or divided Republicans through a truce. I can hear the sound bites now – “People, in the end we are all (Democrats/Republicans), and we must stop the divisiveness for the good of the party. It is time to focus on the real enemy; the (Democrats/Republicans)…”
Such a scenario could stave off rioting and inner-party chaos, but the final election results would still be a guaranteed explosion of tensions.
Widespread Election Fraud On Both Sides
Yes, there is already widespread election fraud in the U.S. every two to four years. However, what I am referring to is election fraud which takes a mainstream stage and which makes even the most oblivious Americans question the validity of the process. I am talking about the mainstream media deliberately pushing the meme of election fraud to help the establishment conjure the environment of instability they obviously want. I am talking about the complete unraveling of the American presidential race.
A Postponed Election
In the event of stolen conventions, election fraud or rioting, the election itself could very well be postponed. Congress does have the authority to pass a law postponing federal elections due to emergencies or “extenuating circumstances,” and, they also have the ability to transfer that authority to the executive branch.
Keep in mind, this could also take place in the event of a national crisis outside of the election process. An economic collapse, large-scale terrorist attacks, or general social breakdown could result in a postponed election. Though this is an incredibly unlikely scenario, with the way 2016 has been going I would not rule anything out. Also take note that such a scenario would result in a prolonged Obama White House and of course the inevitable outcome mentioned below…
Civil War
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! I have said it before and I'll say it again, if Hillary Clinton is chosen by the establishment to take Obama's place, the result would probably be outright civil war in the United States. The level of hatred among conservatives for that woman is so stratospheric I cannot see any other outcome. It might not happen immediately, but a solid bet would be conflagration within her first term. With a Trump win, I could also see at the very least nationwide riots similar in tone to those that occurred in Ferguson, Missouri, with the social justice cultists running wild with their goofy slogans and Molotov cocktails. These people are a paper tiger, however, and are only a threat if they manage to convince a majority of the ethnic American population to follow their lead. The greater danger is if Trump is actually an agent for the establishment rather than anti-establishment. If Trump responds to rioting using unconstitutional measures or exploits the crisis to overstep the bounds of federal power, at that point we will know exactly who he works for. Again, with Trump, everything is a gamble and we won't know until we know. Some of the above theoretical scenarios might sound outlandish, but then again, if you traveled back in time a decade ago and tried to explain what the conditions of elections would be in 2016, I doubt anyone would believe you. I continue to hold to the premise that the elections have entered the world of the weird because America itself is on the edge of something that will shake its very core. What that event will be is hard to say because there are so many possibilities, but tensions of this caliber usually escalate to crisis before they deescalate, and tensions today are surely escalating. It is clear that we are in for a roller-coaster ride in the next year, so prepare accordingly, but also keep in mind that elections in themselves do not represent threats or solutions to threats. You and I, the awake and aware, are the solution to the threats facing this country. The elections only serve as a gauge for how close to the bottom of the abyss we actually are. You can read more from Brandon Smith at his site Alt-Market.com, where this article first appeared. If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here. We greatly appreciate your patronage. You can contact Brandon Smith at: [email protected]
Councillors labelled the application “flawed” and “ridiculous” but plans to redevelop Strood Retail Park were approved nonetheless.
B&Q is set to be replaced with three shops, a cafe and a 24-hour gym on the upper floor.
As part of the project the existing slip road on Commercial Road will be removed and pedestrian access improved.
B&Q at Strood Retail Park
It means there will be room for 17 extra car parking spaces, but councillors fear the impact it will have on Knight Road traffic .
At a planning meeting on Wednesday, Cllr Peter Hicks (Con) said: “This will become the only junction into the retail park.
“It is already busy and will be subject to further traffic with the development of the old civic centre.”
Cllr Nick Bowler (Lab) agreed, adding: “I cannot stand traffic lights but this junction is crying out for them to allow cars to get out of the retail park.”
Cllr Nick Bowler
Head of planning Dave Harris said lights would not be “appropriate” given the three
private access roads opposite, which would be uncontrolled and create safety concerns.
Cllr John Avey (Con) called the lack of traffic provision “ridiculous” and suggested a mini roundabout instead but Cllr Glyn Griffiths (lab) said it was clear “we're not going to get the road measures we want from the developers, so it may be up to the council to fork out the money to make these changes.
Twelve public objections were made, over the traffic and the view six cafes in the town was enough, but the application was approved by a vote of 10 to five.
The gym will be low-cost and aimed at shift workers, with glazing on one side overlooking Commercial Road.
In his report, Mr Harris described the retail park as having a “back of house feel” and being “an out-of-date, utilarian unit”.
The idea is to make the area attractive and inviting to people from the town centre.
As well as the 336 parking spaces there will be 50 cycle spaces.
Work must begin within three years on the condition the landlord, Ropemaker Properties, contribute £15,000 towards a pedestrian crossing and £2,000 for menial traffic management.
S DigitalOcean.com – cloud hosting, built for champions: sign up and receive $10 in hosting credit immediately!
Livible is a full service or on demand storage company and it works similarly to Uber and Airbnb in a way that it makes customers' lives easier while offering more convenient and less expensive storage options. The company recently expanded to Boston by acquiring Fetch Storage. Livible leverages Terry Drayton's experience in raising successful and fundable startups and consumer brands to create a logistics network and provide a better customer experience using the newest technologies.
Below is our interview with Terry Drayton, Founder & CEO of Livible:
Q: How was Livible able to beat 11 other suitors for Fetch Storage?
A: Experience. I've bought over 20 companies in my career and the key is always to find out what the seller wants and, if you can, give it to them. Price matters but it's not the only consideration. Livible wasn't the highest bidder for Fetch Storage. From meeting the owners it was clear they believed in full service storage and really didn't want to sell but knew they needed to. So I gave them a no-risk way to continue to participate and that's what did it.
Recommended: Verisys – Dedicated To Preventing Fraud, Waste And Abuse For Leading Organizations
Q: One of your full service storage competitors has raised $65M and another $100 million. Livible has only raised $5M so how are you able to compete against them?
A: I don't want to use the same answer but it's experience again. I've been a unicorn, raising hundreds of millions for my start-up, having a huge burn then painfully watching it die when it became impossible to raise funds at any price. I won't ever do that again so Livible has a very capital efficient model that needs a fraction of the capital our competitors need. We're also logistics experts and know how to build the technology that's needed to support our business. That includes some fundamental patents. We're way ahead of our competitors as we knew exactly what was needed and how to build it. Finally we know how to expand to other cities and countries as we've done it before multiple times. We architected our systems to easily add new markets. So for us expanding to Boston was trivially easy, something we completed the weekend after closing. Disrupting a $30B industry like self-storage will take years so longevity and staying power matter. So keep the burn low, expand profitably. We've already seen an early high-flying competitor, Boxbee, burn $15M and crash so if that happens to another competitor we'll be ready and able to support their customers.
Q: Traditional self-storage sounds and looks a lot like video rental companies like Blockbuster did before Netflix came along and wiped them out. Do you think that's a good analogy for full service storage?
A: Yes, and that's exactly what a senior executive of a leading self-storage company said to us is his biggest fear. Livible is a classic disruptive offering: easier, more convenient and less expensive. Consumers are smart so full service storage will win as it's a fundamentally better customer experience. Blockbuster was riding high and used real estate as their competitive advantage – stores in all the right locations. Great for blocking other, traditional video rental stores but then Netflix and on-demand services bypassed that and went right to the customers home. They could have reacted early on but ignored, derided, downplayed the players but they really couldn't compete and declined slowly as it was game over. That's exactly like the self-storage companies who have 60K facilities on every street corner now and are super profitable. Full service comes along and we go right to the customers door so they will eventually be toast. We talked to many self-storage incumbents and they are arrogant and dismissive, just like Blockbuster was. Look at Airbnb vs hotels or Uber vs taxis. Easier, more convenient and less expensive is a winning option for consumers. Then throw in the massive changes with driverless cars where fewer and fewer people drive or own them.
Recommended: AcctTwo Provides Businesses With Real-Time Insights They Need To Make Accurate Business Decisions
Q: Where will you expand to next?
A: Baring another acquisition, we'll be heading south on both coasts. On the west we'll go to the San Francisco Bay Area next or possibly LA. On the east we'll go to the NYC area or possibly DC.
A SYLLOGISM TO EXPLAIN THE PROBLEM IN THE ECONOMY
The impact of new technologies on the economy is a hot topic right now. Just a few years ago, the idea of machines replacing human labor was widely dismissed, but now a growing number of pundits and economists are expressing concerns about the impact of automation technologies and the possibility of technological unemployment.
People tend to approach this complex issue in different ways. It can be a difficult topic to think about, so for the purpose of discussion, I'd like to present a simple syllogism as a possible framework for understanding what is happening.
MAJOR PREMISE: Economic opportunities arise from the monetization of scarce commodities.
This is Economics 101. For a good to have a price on the market, it must be scarce. That is, the good must be in demand and exist in limited supply. If you have only one of these two elements, the good will not be worth anything.
For example, breathable air is in high demand but it does not exist in limited supply. Good luck putting air in a bag and trying to sell it. Conversely, your old dirty socks might exist in limited supply, but since no one demands them, they are probably unsellable.
The market rewards people who are able to take a scarce commodity—whether a physical good like a chair or a service like massage therapy—and monetize it. In this way, scarce commodities are the source of all economic opportunities.
MINOR PREMISE: Technological progress reduces the number of scarce commodities by creating abundance.
Technology is a tool that humans use to get more of what they want. So it shouldn't be a surprise that over the years technological progress has made a wide variety of goods—from food to music—less scarce and more abundant.
Today in the economy, a few trends in particular are having a big impact:
Goods are being digitized. Example. Mp3s have digitized music.
Services are being automated. Example: Self driving cars will automate driving.
Processes are being disintermediated (cutting out the middle man). Example: The web has made travel agencies unnecessary.
Markets are being globalized, allowing superstars to crowd out competitors. Example: MOOCS enable a few top-tier professors to lecture to world-sized classrooms.
All of which are part of the same bigger trend: technology is making all manner of goods and services—music, driving, travel planning, education—less scarce, more abundant, and therefore lower price in the marketplace.
It should be acknowledged that abundance in one area often gives rise to new scarcities in another. An abundance of fatty foods gives rise to a scarcity of healthy choices. An abundance of entertainment options gives rise to a scarcity of time to enjoy them all.
That being said, I still believe we are making progress towards a more abundant world. I think it would be wrong to suggest we are just treading water. Like a mathematical limit that approaches zero but never quite gets there, we are getting incrementally closer to the post-scarcity ideal with each passing year, even if such an ideal is fundamentally unreachable. The result is that progressively fewer scarce commodities exist as technology moves forward.
CONCLUSION: Therefore technological progress reduces economic opportunity.
I believe this is the simplest way to understand what is happening. Our technology and our market system, once comfortable collaborators, are increasingly on a collision course. This is because these two institutions have fundamentally opposing goals. The goal of the marketplace is to find and exploit scarcity. The goal of technology is to find and eliminate scarcity. The second goal undermines the first.
If true, this conclusion would partially explain both the unemployment and the inequality we see. Unemployment could arise from the fact that it is increasingly difficult to find a scarce resource to exploit. More and more people find themselves without a scarce service to offer or a scarce good to sell.
Inequality arises from the fact that the few remaining scarce resources are increasingly concentrated in the hands of the few. We can think of the economy as like a game of musical chairs where the chairs are scarce resources. As the chairs get removed, fewer and fewer people have a place to sit.
In the past it has been possible to find new chairs to replace those that have been taken away. It might still be possible to do so. But it increasingly feels like the game is being played faster and faster—that the chairs are being removed much quicker than we can replace them.
CATEGORIZING POSSIBLE SOLUTIONS
Actually developing a detailed solution for this problem is a complex policy question that I do not hope to answer in this article. However, I think the above framing makes it possible to categorize broad types of solutions.
SOLUTION ONE: Freeze Progress
If technological progress is undermining our market system, one option is to try to stop technological progress. This could take the form of government bans on automation technologies that displace human workers.
However, this hardly seems like a good choice. Aside from the fact that technological progress is generally desirable and gives us lots of nice things we want, such an initiative is probably infeasible given that it would require muzzling scientists and inventors the world over. In addition, without avenues for continued growth, the market might stagnate or collapse.
SOLUTION TWO: Artificial Scarcity
If we are running out of scarce commodities for ordinary people to exploit, then one response is to create new scarcity by artificial means.
Our society creates artificial scarcity all the time. We create artificial scarcity when we grant an author exclusive copyright over a book he's written or an engineer exclusive patent on an invention he's developed. We create artificial scarcity with licenses that make it illegal to practice law, drive a cab, or sell alcohol without permission from the government.
It might be possible to greatly expand our current system of artificial scarcity and thereby create more economic opportunities for ordinary people. With regards to the musical chairs analogy mentioned above, you might view this as one way of creating more places for people to sit. Less favorably, you might look upon this solution as counterproductive: essentially encouraging people to put air in bags and charge each other to breathe.
One possible artificial scarcity scheme is to treat all data like property. Ordinarily, data is not scarce. Just as their is no limit to the number of times you can tell a joke, there is no limit to the number of times you can use a piece of data. However, in the future it might be possible to turn every idea, photo, or a bit of text you generate into an artificially scarce commodity to be monetized. Enforcing such a system would require either a universal operating system or an overarching surveillance system to strictly monitor and regulate all instances of copying.
I view this solution as less extreme than solution one, but still counterproductive to technological progress. A growing body of evidence suggests that artificial scarcity in the form of intellectual property hinders rather than helps innovation. In addition, by creating artificial scarcity and erecting walls around various goods, we are working at cross purposes to what one might consider the primary goal of technology: to have more access to the things we want.
Still this is a solution which might gain some traction since it could be seen as one way to empower ordinary people. At the same time, elites might like this system because it would afford them numerous levers of control in the form of legal bureaucracy. However even with broad support, it is questionable whether a full-fledged artificial scarcity regime would actually be enforceable. History suggests that decentralized technologies are hard to contain. Our failed wars on drugs and piracy are prime examples.
SOLUTION THREE: New Platforms
There are some commodities that will always remain scarce. These include intangible goods such as authenticity, status, good will, and belonging. Is it possible to carve up these remaining scarce resources in such a way that we can continue to create economic opportunities for ordinary people?
For example, could we have an attention market that allows broad participation? Right now the attention market is dominated by a little advertising middle men like Google. Perhaps with further disintermediation, we could all become our own localized advertising platforms—the digital equivalent of wearing your friend's band t-shirt and getting paid for it. Alternately the advertising giants might find it worth their while to start paying users for their continued attention/loyalty. These are just a couple (not very imaginative) ideas.
In addition, there are bound to be temporary pockets of human ability that cannot yet be duplicated by machines and are therefore still scarce. Although these pockets will shrink and vanish with time, if we can find and exploit them quickly enough via some sort of crowd-sourcing scheme we might be able to ease unemployment in the short term.
Effectively monetizing the remaining scarce resources may require the creation of new economic platforms, along the lines of current platforms like Kickstarter, Flattr, HumbleBundle, and Mechanical Turk, but on a much larger scale. We can think of these platforms as being like “apps” that run on top of the market “operating system.” They do not rely on artificial scarcity; instead they find novel ways to facilitate the exchange of existing scarce resources.
It remains to be seen, of course, whether it is possible to develop a platform or platforms that can actually come close to replacing more traditional forms of employment. I think there is great reason to be skeptical such an outcome is possible. However, we cannot entirely rule it out. This solution is highly desirable because it would cause the least disruption to our current system.
SOLUTION FOUR: Expanded Welfare
If ordinary people are being crowded out of the market, then one solution is to reduce our dependence on the market as a means of providing for people. We already have a variety of social safety nets that seek to accomplish exactly this goal. So we might extend these safety nets to ensure that people who are no longer economically viable still have access to food, housing, and essential services. This could get expensive, but advanced technologies might help make up the difference by lowering cost of living.
This solution would not require getting rid of the market entirely. Under such a scenario, the market could continue to do the important job of distributing those commodities which still remain scarce. However, over time fewer and fewer people might be active market participants. This could be a smooth transition or a disastrous one, depending on how things play out. To prevent market collapse and maintain the cycle of consumer spending we may need to ensure that people not only have money, but continue to routinely purchase products from the marketplace. Like shaking any addiction, weaning ourselves off the market could be a slow and painful process.
SOLUTION FIVE: Automation Socialism
We could decide that since the market is no longer working well with our technology, we ought to just get rid of the market system entirely. A central government body would then have to take over the distribution of resources. Ideally wealth would be shared equally amongst all people.
Obviously a socialist system would have many detractors. However, some of the traditional problems of socialism—lack of motivation on the part of workers, inefficiency of central planning—could perhaps be mitigated through aggressive use of new automation technologies. It would be incumbent upon the government to aggressively invest in the sorts of technological breakthroughs that would make a fully automated society feasible.
In the best case scenario, automation socialism could speed us on the way towards a utopian society. In the worst case scenario, automation socialism could lead to tyranny and stagnation.
CONCLUSION
The above solutions can be placed on a loose spectrum that runs from those which prioritize the market over technology (freeze progress) to those which prioritize technology over the market (automation socialism). My personal opinion is that the best path is somewhere in the middle, utilizing a combination of artificial scarcity, new platforms, and expanded welfare.
Specifically, I favor new platforms if they can be made to work. Barring that, I would vastly prefer to move in the direction of expanded welfare rather than artificial scarcity. My intuition is that scarce resources are best handled by markets, care of people is best left to governments, and abundance is the best left unfettered by artificial scarcity.
What do you think?
Back in August we featured a culturally enriching young “Australian” fellow named Sulayman Khalid, who appeared on the “Insight” television program in support of the Islamic State, and wearing an ISIS flag.
Just before Christmas Mr. Khalid got himself into a spot of trouble with the law in Sydney for planning terrorist attacks on government targets and so on. I'm sure it's all just a misunderstanding, and I don't think there's any doubt that the incident had nothing to do with Islam.
Many thanks to Vlad Tepes for uploading this TV news report:
Below are excerpts from the Sydney Morning Herald about the arrests:
Two Men Arrested in Sydney in Counter-Terrorism Operation A man has been charged after he allegedly was found with documents designed to facilitate a terrorist attack against potential government targets in Sydney, police say. Sulayman Khalid, 20, from Regents Park in Sydney's west, faced Parramatta Local Court on Wednesday after he was charged by counter-terrorism police overnight. A second man was also charged by counter-terrorism police overnight with breaching a control order. Mr Khalid appeared via video link, running his hands through his hair and leaning back in his chair.
Five members of his family sat in the public gallery as lawyer Adam Houda told the court his client would not be applying for bail. He will remain behind bars for Christmas and will next appear before Central Local Court on February 18. Outside of court Mr Houda said his client had been accused of serious offences. “My client has been charged with a very serious offence but I remind you that authorities have got it wrong in the past many times and all that we ask is that the court process be respected and for this matter to be determined on the evidence and not by politicians and the media.” Australian Federal Police Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan said officers seized a significant amount of material during a raid on a property on Thursday last week.
And from NineMSN:
ROCKVILLE, Md. — Out of respect for transgender students, three high schools in Maryland's Montgomery County have begun using a single color for graduation robes to make them gender neutral.
The Washington Post reports Damascus, Sherwood and Walter Johnson High are no longer using separate colors for males and females.
At least five other schools in the Washington, D.C., suburb have decided to make the change next year.
Principals say letters from students played a role in the decision.
Article continues below
The change comes amid growing awareness of the needs of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students nationwide.
There is no district policy about cap and gown colors in Montgomery County. Some schools have long had a single color for all graduates, but the dual-color scheme has been popular at others.
© 2015, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Rice University scientists replace metal with carbon nanotubes for aerospace use
Common coaxial cables could be made 50 percent lighter with a new nanotube-based outer conductor developed by Rice University scientists.
The Rice lab of Professor Matteo Pasquali has developed a coating that could replace the tin-coated copper braid that transmits the signal and shields the cable from electromagnetic interference. The metal braid is the heaviest component in modern coaxial data cables.
The research appears this month in the American Chemical Society journal ACS Applied Materials and Interfaces.
Replacing the outer conductor with Rice's flexible, high-performance coating would benefit airplanes and spacecraft, in which the weight and strength of data-carrying cables are significant factors in performance.
Rice research scientist Francesca Mirri, lead author of the paper, made three versions of the new cable by varying the carbon-nanotube thickness of the coating. She found that the thickest, about 90 microns – approximately the width of the average human hair – met military-grade standards for shielding and was also the most robust; it handled 10,000 bending cycles with no detrimental effect on the cable performance.
“Current coaxial cables have to use a thick metal braid to meet the mechanical requirements and appropriate conductance,” Mirri said. “Our cable meets military standards, but we're able to supply the strength and flexibility without the bulk.”
Coaxial cables consist of four elements: a conductive copper core, an electrically insulating polymer sheath, an outer conductor and a polymer jacket. The Rice lab replaced only the outer conductor by coating sheathed cores with a solution of carbon nanotubes in chlorosulfonic acid. Compared with earlier attempts to use carbon nanotubes in cables, this method yields a more uniform conductor and has higher throughput, Pasquali said. “This is one of the few cases where you can have your cake and eat it, too,” he said. “We obtained better processing and improved performance.”
Replacing the braided metal conductor with the nanotube coating eliminated 97 percent of the component's mass, Mirri said.
She said the lab is working on a method to scale up production. The lab is drawing on its experience in producing high-performance nanotube-based fibers.
“It's a very similar process,” Mirri said. “We just need to substitute the exit of the fiber extrusion setup with a wire-coating die. These are high-throughput processes currently used in the polymer industry to make a lot of commercial products. The Air Force seems very interested in this technology, and we are currently working on a Small Business Innovation Research project with the Air Force Research Laboratory to see how far we can take it.”
Co-authors are graduate students Robert Headrick and Amram Bengio and alumni April Choi and Yimin Luo, all of Rice; Nathan Orloff, Aaron Forster, Angela Hight Walker, Paul Butler and Kalman Migler of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST); Rana Ashkar of NIST, the University of Maryland and Oak Ridge National Laboratory; and Christian Long of NIST and the University of Maryland.
Pasquali is the A.J. Hartsook Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, chair of the Department of Chemistry and a professor of materials science and nanoengineering and of chemistry.
The research was supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, the Air Force Research Laboratories, the Robert A. Welch Foundation, NIST, the National Science Foundation and a NASA Space Technology Research Fellowship.
According to New Smyrna Beach police, Robert Kelley, 18, called his YouTube video, "me driving like an idiot." Investigators said his dizzying ride certainly lives up to its name. In the video Kelley is allegedly seen races over a causeway, squeezing between cars and passing within inches of swiping them.On Friday, police arrested Kelley, who they said did not have a drivers license.Kelley's camera rolled for near five minutes until he allegedly slammed into the back of a car. The camera was dislodged, but police said Kelley left that scene and continued driving until he caused another accident."He wasn't concerned about anyone's safety," said Sgt. Eugene Griffith. "He just drove in a manner, cutting people off left and right just a total disregard for our citizens."Most watched video: Panda cubs go outside for the first timeA bit past the first hit and run, police said Kelley caused another crash. Four cars were damaged, including Kelley's, which police said they had to cut apart to free him.Kelley and four motorists injured during the crashes were taken to hospitals. No one was seriously hurt, officials said."We're just really lucky we're not dealing with a death in this case," Griffith said.Related: Florida mug shots
According to New Smyrna Beach police, Robert Kelley, 18, called his YouTube video, "me driving like an idiot."
Investigators said his dizzying ride certainly lives up to its name. In the video Kelley is allegedly seen races over a causeway, squeezing between cars and passing within inches of swiping them.
On Friday, police arrested Kelley, who they said did not have a drivers license.
Kelley's camera rolled for near five minutes until he allegedly slammed into the back of a car. The camera was dislodged, but police said Kelley left that scene and continued driving until he caused another accident.
"He wasn't concerned about anyone's safety," said Sgt. Eugene Griffith. "He just drove in a manner, cutting people off left and right just a total disregard for our citizens."
Most watched video: Panda cubs go outside for the first time
A bit past the first hit and run, police said Kelley caused another crash. Four cars were damaged, including Kelley's, which police said they had to cut apart to free him.
Kelley and four motorists injured during the crashes were taken to hospitals. No one was seriously hurt, officials said.
"We're just really lucky we're not dealing with a death in this case," Griffith said.
Related: Florida mug shots
AlertMe
Museum admission tickets are valid for 12 months. This gives you unlimited daytime entry to the Museum. Kids go free!
Buy your tickets online to save time and to get the best price!
General admission
Ticket type On the door Online Adult £18 £16.50 Concession* £17 £15.50 Children and young people 17 and under Free N/A TfL staff and nominees (with blue or green passes) Free N/A British Military personnel*** £13 N/A
* Concessionary admission and event ticket prices, unless otherwise stated, apply only to senior citizens, students (on presentation of a valid student ID card) and those in receipt of state benefit assistance.
** British military personnel (current and veteran) are eligible for a 25% discount on adult admission when they present a valid Defence Discount Service card, military ID or veteran military ID on the door only. This discount also applies to accompanying family members. Please see terms and conditions for more information about this offer.
Buy tickets online to save
Visiting as a group
Adults £14.50; Concessions £12.50
Parties comprising 10+ adult/ concession visitors will be eligible for a preferential group rate admission. Please note that these tickets are valid for one day entry only. Group bookings should be made at least one week in advance of your visit by calling our Booking Team on 0207 565 7298.
London Transport Museum has introduced a bursary scheme for organised community, educational or charitable organisations providing activities, services or support to residents within the London boroughs of Camden, Ealing, Islington, Lambeth, Southwark and the City of London and City of Westminster. Find out more and apply on our bursary scheme page.
Ticket packages
Joint MBNA Thames Clippers ticket
Prices from Adult £19.30, Child £3.25
Save money with our new joint ticket with MBNA Thames Clippers. This ticket includes a one day pass to the Museum. The MBNA Thames Clippers boat trip and visit to the Museum must take place on the same day.
MBNA Thames Clippers tickets
Museum and MBNA Thames Clipper with Emirates Airline ticket
Prices from Adult £27.70; Child £8.25
Save 20% with our new joint ticket with MBNA Thames Clippers. This ticket includes a one day pass to the Museum. The MBNA Thames Clippers boat trip and visit to the Museum must take place on the same day.
Book Thames Clipper tickets online
London attractions ticket packages
Adult from £33
Receive a range of discounts and offer prices when you combine your London Transport Museum ticket with another iconic visitor attraction in London. Please note these ticket packages are delivered by Golden Tours.
London attraction ticket packages
Admission terms and conditions
Tickets are valid for the dates and times shown on the front of the ticket. Annual tickets for the Museum at Covent Garden are valid for 12 months from the date of the first visit within normal opening hours.
Tickets are intended for use by the purchaser only and are non transferable. Proof of identity will be requested when repeat visits are made.
Tickets cannot be refunded or exchanged for cash and lost or damaged tickets cannot be replaced.
London Transport Museum reserves the right to refuse admission and may on occasion conduct security searches to ensure the safety of visitors.
Annual tickets are not valid for entry to Acton Depot or to special events at the Museum in Covent Garden.
An annual ticket does not provide preferential rights or entry over other Museum visitors.
When an annual ticket is purchased as part of a two-for-the-price-of-one promotion, one annual ticket is purchased and an accompanying guest is admitted free of charge for one day only.
Opening hours are subject to change.
Terms and Conditions - British military personnel 25 per cent off an annual ticket at London Transport Museum
British Military personnel and their families (up to four additional family members) can obtain 25 per cent off an annual, on-the-door pass which is usually priced at £18 when they show their Defence Discount Service card, Military Personnel ID card or Military Veteran ID card.
The offer is valid from Sunday 11 November and applies to daytime entry only. The offer does not apply to special events at the Museum in Covent Garden or for entry to the Museum Depot in Acton.
The offer is a permanent offer (until further notice).
London Transport Museum has the right to refuse entry in the unlikely event of the Museum reaching capacity, as well as unforeseen circumstances.
A Defence Discount Service card, military ID pass card, veteran's ID card must be shown at the ticket desk by the visitor to obtain the discount.
Family members must accompany the Defence Discount Service holder, Military Personnel ID holder or Veteran ID cardholder.
This offer cannot be used in combination with any other discount, including London Transport Museum's concession rate.
Full ticketing and admission terms and conditions are available here.
London Transport Museum is a registered charity, dedicated to transport preservation and education in London.
If you are a UK taxpayer paying for yourself and/or your family group to enter the museum, you can choose to make a Gift Aid donation. By doing so the government allows us to reclaim the tax you've already paid at no cost to yourself - that's 25p for every £1, making a £16 admission worth £20 to the museum! Gift Aid is therefore an easy and tax effective way of giving to charities in the UK.
Please become a Gift Aid visitor by saying ‘yes' when you are asked at the till point. Thank you for your support.
Charity number: 1123122
TEHRAN (Reuters) - A blast in a mosque in Iran that killed at least 12 people was an accident and not an attack, a senior official said on Sunday, but others cautioned the investigation into the cause was continuing.
Iranians officials search inside a mosque after a bomb explosion in Shiraz April 13, 2008. A blast in a mosque in southern Iran that killed at least 10 people on Saturday was not an attack and was probably caused by negligence, a police official was quoted as saying on Sunday by a state television station. REUTERS/Jamejamonline
Iranian media had reported that a bomb exploded in a crowded mosque in the southern city of Shiraz on Saturday evening. About 200 people were wounded and some were in a critical condition.
State television carried footage showing wooden debris and pieces of brick strewn on the mosque's carpet-covered floor and ambulances and fire engines rushing to the scene.
“Last night's explosion in Shiraz was as a consequence of an accident and not the planting of a bomb,” the official IRNA news agency quoted the deputy interior minister in charge of national security, Abbas Mohtaj, as saying.
He did not give details, but state Press TV television said the blast may have been “caused by explosives left behind from an earlier exhibition commemorating” the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq war.
The semi-official Fars News Agency carried a similar report.
“The cause of the incident was probably laxness since a defence fair was held at this place some time ago,” it quoted the commander of security forces in the southern Fars province, Ali Moayedi, as saying.
But Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Ali Hosseini said the investigation was continuing, and “therefore no pre-judgement can be made about the incident”.
The deputy head of parliament's national security commission, Mohammad-Nabi Roudaki, said the possibility of a terrorist attack had not yet been ruled out.
Security is normally tight in Shi'ite Muslim Iran and bomb attacks have been rare in recent years. But several people were killed in 2005 and 2006 in blasts in a south-western province with a large Sunni Arab population.
Tehran has in the past accused Britain and the United States of trying to destabilise the Islamic Republic by supporting ethnic minority rebels operating in sensitive border areas.
Fars News Agency on Saturday quoted a police official as saying a “hand-made” device had been planted in the mosque.
The governor of Fars province said on Sunday the death toll had risen to 12 from nine initially reported after the blast.
The explosion took place in the male section of Shiraz's Shohada mosque during an address by a cleric. People in Shiraz, a city of more than one million inhabitants and a popular tourist destination, were urged to donate blood for the wounded.
A man carrying a blood-stained shirt said he and others were knocked unconscious by the force of the blast: “We went to the mosque after the evening prayer ... when suddenly there was the sound of an explosion and then we did not feel anything.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 7, 2017, 6:07 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 7, 2017, 6:07 PM GMT By Erik Ortiz
Once again, President Donald Trump pointed to Chicago's crime rate to say that stricter gun laws wouldn't necessarily stop the spate of mass shootings or gun violence across the country.
"Chicago is a disaster, a total disaster," he told reporters Tuesday during his stop in South Korea — two days after a gunman killed 26 people at a church in rural Texas. Trump was asked whether the shooting had changed his position on gun control legislation.
Related: Why Mass Public Shootings Are Getting Deadlier
But researchers say Trump's incorrect claim that Chicago has the "strongest gun laws" in the U.S. but still grapples with a high rate of gun violence shows that America's third-largest city would only benefit from even tighter legislation.
That's because most of the traceable guns that are funneled into Chicago and used in crimes are actually trafficked in from other states, a report released last week by the mayor's office and the Chicago Police Department found.
Tracing nearly 15,000 weapons recovered from 2013 to 2016, Chicago police discovered about 40 percent originated from Illinois firearms dealers, while the remaining 60 percent came from out of state.
Indiana, which borders Illinois, supplied most of the outside guns — about 20 percent, according to the report. Indiana is also home to gun shows where no background checks are required for firearms purchased from private sellers.
Mississippi and Wisconsin, which also have more lenient gun laws, are the source of about 5 percent and 4 percent, respectively, of firearms into Chicago, the city's report says.
Related: Trump Says Gun Control Would've Made 'No Difference' in Texas Shooting
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel responded to the mass shooting at an outdoor concert in Las Vegas last month — the deadliest in modern U.S. history — by calling for more national gun laws to make it harder for people to cross states lines to buy firearms.
"If you really want a gun, you can just drive over the Indiana border and get whatever you want," Emanuel said.
"Chicago's gun laws are no different than New York and Los Angeles," he added. "What is different is New York is right next to New Jersey and Connecticut, which have similar gun laws. We are next to Indiana and Wisconsin."
Top 10 states where guns recovered in crimes in Chicago from 2013 to 2016 first originated. NBC News
Trump and members of his administration have often name-dropped Chicago for supposedly having the toughest gun laws in America but still failing to curb gun violence. While Chicago's homicide rate last year eclipsed a record from the 1990s and is driving an overall increase in the nation's murder rate, it still falls below several other cities' murder rates per capita, including St. Louis, Baltimore and Detroit.
Overall shootings are down in the city, with about 605 fewer so far this year than the same period in 2016, according to The Chicago Tribune's latest tally.
Overall homicides are also trending downward this year from 2016, when more than 760 people were murdered — mostly with firearms, according to Chicago police.
Gun laws in Illinois are stricter than other surrounding states, but Chicago's laws are not the strongest in the country, as Trump has asserted.
Actually, Chicago's laws are "middle of the road" compared to other cities and states, including New York and California, said Philip Cook, an economist at Duke University who studies underground gun markets.
Related: Trump Offers to Send ‘the Feds' into Chicago to Fix Violent Crime
He said that while Chicago has managed to keep gun shops outside of city limits, it has lost a legal battle in recent years to ban handguns and it no longer has a gun registry.
The National Rifle Association responded to the city's gun trace report by reiterating that Illinois remains the state that is the single largest source of guns used in crimes in Chicago.
"The discouraging truth about Chicago's violence is that it is the product of a host of societal factors — including a lack of vigorous criminal prosecution — that cannot be remedied by a change to the current gun laws," the NRA said.
Cook said that surrounding states only make it harder for Chicago when guns flow more freely. Indiana, which is controlled by a Republican Legislature, has rolled back gun laws in recent years and may consider legislation next year that would eliminate licensing for people who can legally own a handgun and want to carry it in public.
"I think what the gun trafficking is doing is making a bad situation worse in Chicago," Cook said. "And while it certainly isn't the only reason why it has a high level of violence, it takes that high level and makes it more deadly."
Interview with Amina Wadud
Amina Wadud ﻿is an American scholar of Islam with a progressive focus on Koran exegesis. In 2005, she led Friday prayers in the US, which not only broke with tradition, it also triggered debate and Muslim juristic discourse on the issue of female imams. Interview by Abderrahmane Ammar
Your main fields of research include the Koran and gender. Does it matter whether the Koran is read by a man or a woman – and how do interpretations differ?
Amina Wadud: This is an important question, one that has not been asked in the history of Koranic interpretation until the present time. This is quite staggering because although our knowledge is very thorough and our intellectual tradition very strong, the question of whether it makes a difference if it is man or a woman reading the Koran was never posed. The issue was eventually raised in the 20th century and the answer is: Yes, it does make a difference. We can see this from the interpretation of the Koran generated by men until the 20th century.
Until the 20th century, not only do we not have any tafsir, i.e. exegesis generated by women, we don't even have a record of a Muslim woman writing anything in a journal that might serve as part of a legacy of women reading the Koran.
Call for religious justice: "We are a very intellectual community, Muslims have always had a strong history of intellectualism, but what we are doing now is challenging people to remember that Islam belongs to all its believers"
​​We know that women read the Koran, and that they have memorized the Koran from the time of the Prophet. But we don't know what women think about the Koran, we don't have any record of that. So we're trying to fill in the gaps and to construct a gender-inclusive reading that will open up the issue and give us a better understanding of what the Koran means to us as human beings. So yes, it does make a difference and the good news is that now we are aware of this, we can seize the opportunity to learn more about the Koran.
Do you think the ijtihad – independent reasoning in terms of the Koran and Islamic sources, may be revived?
Amina Wadud: I certainly agree with the need to respect those individuals who are experts. We are a very intellectual community, Muslims have always had a strong history of intellectualism, but what we are doing now is challenging people to remember that Islam belongs to all its believers, to all women and men. And if Islam belongs to all of us, then all of us have a stake in how Islam is articulated, how it is adjudicated, how it is used by governments and what kind of laws it produces.
And if Islam is not just and fair to all of us, to every single one of us, then it means Islam is not just and fair. So while each of us may not be an expert in every aspect of Islamic fiqh, i.e. jurisprudence, or tafsir, i.e. interpretation, the contribution we can make is to consider whether an understanding of Islam is being applied to our lives in a fair and just manner. In conclusion, even if we are not experts, we are not beyond influencing the discourse.
Progressive focus on Koran exegesis: As an Islamic feminist, Amina Wadud has lead Friday prayers in the US in 2005. These actions broke with established Islamic tradition which allows only male imams in mixed-gender congregations
​​There are ongoing debates in Germany and France on the subject of Islam as an integral part of the French or German identity. Do you believe this to be the case?
Amina Wadud: Yes, there is an authentic German and French Islamic identity. The problem is certain sectors of German society pretend that German culture is a homogeneous body of white people. This is unfortunate, in view of how multicultural most nations are these days. The world is much more dynamic, and basically I would advise them to accept the fact that tomorrow their son or daughter may marry someone from a Muslim, Turkish, Arab or Asian background – that this is absolutely a possibility.
So it's time to accept the reality that we are all sharing the planet, and that our citizenship is coincidently German, American, Indian or whatever. And our humanity is not going to be better because of our nationality.
Interview: Abderrahmane Ammar
© Qantara.de 2013
Editor: Lewis Gropp/Qantara.de
Even though the newest and freshest iPhones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, are now legally available in mainland China, hauling them over the border from Hong Kong is still a profitable enterprise. Apparently. According to a report in Chinese media, an enterprising young man created a plastic suit that held 94 iPhones, strapping them around his arms, legs, hips, and torso.
At first glance, a suit made of iPhones might seem like a great idea. There's a problem, though: you have to walk around, pretending that everything is fine while you are secretly disguised as the Michelin man. The Shenzen People's Daily reports that is how the man was caught: officials noticed his weird gait and inability to move his major joints normally. That's when they discovered his secret suit of iPhone armor.
The official statement was that the phones were a mixture of the 5S and 6 models. Before the iPhone 6 was officially available in China, that model sold for thousands of dollars when smuggled to the mainland. Officials say that the haul was worth about 300,000 yuan, or $48,000: an average of around $513 per phone.
A judge in an Ottawa court has cleared Senator Mike Duffy of all 31 criminal charges and delivered a scathing indictment of the political operations of the office of former prime minister Stephen Harper.
Justice Charles Vaillancourt said the Prime Minister's Office under Harper treated Senators as "pawns" and described Duffy as just another "piece on the chess board."
"The political, covert, relentless unfolding of events is mind-boggling and shocking," he said. "The precision and planning of the exercise would make any military commander proud. But in the context of a democratic society, the plotting that's revealed in the emails can only be described as unacceptable."
Vaillancourt portrayed Duffy as an unwilling partner in a scheme to accept a $90,000 cheque from Harper's former chief of staff Nigel Wright to cover questionable expenses, even though they were likely legitimate,
"Could Hollywood match their creativity?" he asked.
Vaillancourt called the senator a "credible witness" and said the Crown failed to prove the case on any of the 31 charges of fraud, bribery and breach of trust.
While some of Duffy's transactions might be deemed "unorthodox," they were not criminal, he ruled.
'Vindication' for Duffy
Defence lawyer Donald Bayne called it a "resounding acquittal" and said that "vindication" should cause those who rushed to judgment like a "political herd" to give serious thought about their actions.
"Political figures, public figures are also entitled to due process," he said. "Senator Duffy has been subjected in the last two-and-a-half, three years to more public humiliation than probably any other Canadian in history," he said.
Vaillancourt said Duffy's travel claims had no financial or "sinister" motive and no "criminal intent," the judge said.
He also concluded that payments made for third-party services funnelled through his friend Gerald Donohue to pay for editorial services, makeup and fitness training were all "appropriate." There was no evidence of kickbacks or altered invoices, he added.
Senator Mike Duffy and his wife leave the Ottawa Courthouse after being found Not Guilty of all 31 fraud charges. 1:11
In a sharp rebuke to the Crown counsel, he said lawyers limited their cross-examination of Duffy after his many hours of witness testimony, leaving much of that testimony unchallenged.
Supporting Duffy's living allowance claims in Prince Edward Island, Vaillancourt said while the senator "physically left" the province to pursue professional opportunities, he always maintained contacts in his birthplace and had secured his retirement home there.
'Explicit advice'
Vaillancourt said Duffy took steps to ensure he met his constitutional residency requirements to sit as a P.E.I. senator, and that he was given "explicit advice" from then prime minister Stephen Harper that he was qualified.
"This was not some minor bureaucratic official speaking. It was the prime minister of Canada," the judge told court.
Vaillancourt said Duffy took additional steps to ensure the property at 10 Friendly Lane in Cavendish met the residency requirements after a newspaper article was published raising questions about the issue. He was assured by former Conservative government leader in the Senate, Marjory LeBreton, that the article in the Guardian was politically motivated.
He called Duffy's actions "honest and reasonable," and noted the senator also spent $100,000 to upgrade the P.E.I. property.
LeBreton, speaking on CBC News Network's Power & Politics, said the expense issues were a matter that could have been dealt with internally by the Senate, but the story took a turn when it was revealed that Wright cut the cheque to cover the expenses.
Senator Mike Duffy's lawyer, Donald Bayne, speaks to reporters after the embattled Senator was cleared of all 31 fraud charges against him. 2:55
"I think it would be very unfair to assume that the whole prime minister's office was consumed by this, including the Prime Minister himself, because clearly he was not," she told host Rosemary Barton. "I think it's unfair to taint the entire prime minister's office because of the actions of a few."
On pre-signed travel expenses
Recapping the charges related to travel expense claims, Vaillancourt said Senate rules allow "broad but not limitless discretion," and found no "sinister motive" for Duffy to use pre-signed forms.
He said Senate rules allow public, parliamentary and partisan functions to be covered, and also noted that Duffy was not in financial straits that might have served as a financial motive.
Senator Mike Duffy and his wife, Heather, listen as Justice Charles Vaillancourt delivers his ruling on 31 charges. The judge dismissed all charges of fraud, bribery and breach of trust. (Greg Banning)
Vaillancourt also said there was never formal training on these travel expense policies, leaving senators "unreasonably" to their own devices.
He also said most of Duffy's testimony related to the travel claims was not questioned by the Crown, leaving it unchallenged.
Vaillancourt said Senate rules allow for a mix of personal and parliamentary business for travel expense claims, as long as the trips do not incur extra costs for the Senate.
Addressing two counts related to travel to British Columbia to take part in an event with former Conservative MP Gary Lunn that was later cancelled, Vaillancourt did not ascribe criminal motive to the fact he used the visit to watch his daughter perform in a play.
Daughter's performance 'incidental'
He believed that event was "incidental."
Vaillancourt also deemed an event in Peterborough, Ont., with former MP Dean Del Mastro as legitimate travel, rejecting the Crown's claim that the main purpose was to attend a local dog show. Duffy had said the meeting was to speak with Del Mastro about rollout of the Conservative government's economic action plan, as well as his idea to launch an online parliamentary broadcast program.
Duffy, left, listens as Justice Charles Vaillancourt reads from his ruling in an Ottawa courtroom on Thursday. (Greg Banning)
Another event, which coincided with a visit to see his new grandchild, appeared to have been "opportunistic," the judge said. But while the trip may have created a negative public perception, it does not amount to a crime, Vaillancourt ruled.
He said some of the confusion around the purpose of travel was due to "fuzzy memory syndrome" because witness recall was impaired by time.
Funerals legitimate business
He also accepted travel for several funerals as legitimate parliamentary business.
Vaillancourt began reading the six-hour summary of his 308-page ruling by thanking the Crown and defence counsel for doing a thorough job. He also set the stage for what was to come by relaying a story about how a stranger had approached him and said, "Throw him in jail."
That incident, he said, underscored both the public interest in the trial, and the fundamental principle of criminal justice — innocent until proven guilty.
At the outset of his trial, Duffy had pleaded not guilty to all the charges, which included:
Fraud and breach counts covering more than $90,000 of allegedly inappropriate living expenses.
Nine counts each of fraud and breach of trust related to more than $50,000 of allegedly personal and partisan travel expenses claimed as Senate expenses.
Four counts each of fraud and breach of trust covering $60,000 worth of allegedly inappropriate consulting contracts, including for a personal trainer and makeup artist.
Bribery, frauds on the government and breach of trust allegations in connection with the $90,000 payment from Nigel Wright, former prime minister Stephen Harper's onetime chief of staff.
Live Blog recap
​
Can't see the live blog? Click here
THE STAR casino has drawn up plans to lure away low-income and migrant gamblers, whom its research acknowledges often believe playing poker machines will improve their financial status, from Sydney's biggest registered clubs.
The Sun-Herald has obtained a copy of the casino's 24-page blueprint to boost revenues from its 1500 pokies by targeting the city's most compulsive gamblers in the catchment areas of big clubs around Bankstown and Liverpool.
People queue to catch the free shuttle bus from in front of Bankstown Sports Club to The Star yesterday. Credit:Adam Hollingworth
The report, Electronic Gaming Machines, Planning for 2011, breaks down groups of punters into ''types'' based on income and heritage. Target groups include ''bilingual backgrounds'', ''new wave'' and ''eclectic origins''.
Under the heading of opportunity in south-western Sydney, the report appears to concede some of the gamblers it is trying to get through the door cannot afford to lose and may not fully appreciate the consequences of playing pokies.
There's a new supercomputer in town, and it has topped every other supercomputer on the planet.
The new Chinese supercomputer, dubbed the Sunway TaihuLight, was in the first slot on the Top500 list of supercomputers Monday.
The fact that the Sunway TaihuLight is in China isn't anything special — the previous and now second-best supercomputer on the list is also Chinese. But that one, the Tianhe-2, used chips from Intel, a U.S. company.
The Sunway TaihuLight breaks the mold by using all-Chinese architecture, and it hits some impressive benchmarks in doing so.
The new supercomputer hits 93 petaflops, or 93 quadrillion calculations per second.
As a basis for comparison, Intel's new 10-core processor for home computing sounds positively puny next to the TaihuLight's 10.65 million cores, which is considerably higher than the 560,000 cores of the U.S.'s top supercomputer — Titan, a Cray XK7 system. The Titan is located at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory and is currently ranked third in the Top500.
With 10.65 million cores, the new biggest supercomputer in town hits 93 petaflops, or 93 quadrillion calculations per second.
And with that kind of power, the TaihuLight — on its own — comprises 16.4 percent of the total computing performance on the list, against all 499 other entrants.
Not only does China's new supercomputer have impressive processing power, it's also surprisingly energy-efficient. A lot of power is expended on RAM, and the TaihuLight uses a smaller amount of RAM than less-powerful computers.
SEE ALSO: Samsung packed 512GB of storage into a drive the size of a stamp
This is also the first time that the U.S. does not have the most supercomputers on the Top500 list. China now leads the list with 167 entries, including the top two, while the U.S. is in second place with 165 computers.
It's possible that the U.S. could bounce back, as Intel is expected to announce a new high-level chip at the 2016 International Supercomputer Conference this week.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Is the former beauty queen who was discovered starring in a porn video finally commenting on the experience?
It seems that way, according to Brobible, which recently discovered a bizarre Instagram photo recently posted by former Miss Teen Delaware USA Melissa King.
Back in February, King was caught in a sex tape scandal that resulted in her losing her crown.
King, 19, is currently attending the University of Arkansas where she is majoring in journalism and otherwise doing things typical of a young college student: studying, going to football games and posting photos on social media sites like Instagram.
One of the photos she recently posted on her public Instagram page is being interpreted as a joke referencing the porn tape that lost King her crown.
The photo shows King covered with white icing on her face. The picture's title is "Not Again...", which may be a reference to her brief stint as a porn actress, according to Brobible.com, which praised her for her self-mocking sense of humor:
It's icing, guys. But round of applause for being confident and having an awesome sense of humor about it. You're A-OK with us, Melissa King.
(STORY CONTINUES BELOW)
King did not respond to questions about the photo via Twitter, but the self-mocking photo is a 180-degree turn from the way she reacted when the story about her attempted porn career first broke.
At the time, she told interviewers at DelawareOnline.com that the woman in the video was not her.
Her story changed after Brobible.com got its hands on a video showing King reading a legal release on camera.
King only earned $1,500 for the crown-losing porn tape, according to TMZ, but after the scandal went mainstream, she rejected a $250,000 offer to be the spokeswoman for YouPorn.com.
The porn tape and subsequent resignation weren't the only scandals in King's life this year. In April, she was given a year of probation for underage alcohol possession in Maryland.
Fred Willard Arrested for Lewd Conduct
Fred Willard Arrested for Lewd Conduct
EXCLUSIVE
was arrested for lewd conduct last night in Hollywood when police allegedly caught him with his pants down in an adult movie theater ... TMZ has learned.According to law enforcement sources, LAPD undercover vice officers went into the Tiki Theater in Hollywood and found the 78-year-old "Anchorman" star watching last night's feature ... with his penis exposed and in his hand.We're told Willard was arrested around 8:45PM and booked for lewd conduct.It was a quick release -- we're told he was out of police custody a short while later.As for which movie Fred was watching -- there are 3 flicks in rotation at the theater ... "Follow Me 2," a XXX parody of "The Client List," and "Step Dad No. 2."Willard is best known for his memorable roles in "Best in Show", "For Your Consideration", "American Wedding" and "Everybody Loves Raymond."According to IMDB, Fred is "rumored" to be in pre-production for a movie entitled ... "."It's a comedy.We're starting to get comments from people who say Fred is 72 and not 78 ... but official records show that he was born on September 18, 1933 ... NOT 1939.-- Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... the LAPD vice officers were not conducting a raid ... but rather a "random walk-through" of the premises.We're told ... when theaters like this get their license, they have to allow cops in whenever they want ... to inspect.In fact, the theater has a sign posted in the front which warns customers that the theater is "viewed by LAPD."The theater also warns, "No Alcohol, No Weapons, No smoking inside" ... and no pets.The signs do not warn about flogging the dolphin.
Are you prone to make things too complicated? I am.
Sure, many things in life are inescapably complex: calculus, automatic transmissions, human relations, the federal tax code. But even these can be broken down into parts and addressed one item at a time. Which means that pretty much everything can be made simpler.
So when life gets too complicated, take yourself back to the basics.
In this post I've come up with several examples to get you started. If one happens to fit you literally -- for example, if you're a musician and you actually need to practice scales -- that's great. But also take each of these metaphorically, too, as a prompt for how you might get back to the basics for those parts of life that matter most to you.
Practice your scales. What fundamental techniques support your life and your work? Even master musicians go back to practice their scales over and over again. Have you been letting the basics slip, in terms of your job or your family? What could you make better?
Pick up the phone and call the customer. Modern business can be very complex, as I've learned from working in high tech for many years. But some things stay the same: people always want value for their money, and they always want to be taken care of. Are you treating the people you do business with right? (You can expand this far beyond the actual business world.) Is it time to reach out and check on someone?
"Keep your eye on the ball." Sports is far more clear-cut than real life, because real life doesn't usually have the luxury of scoreboards, clocks, and referees. But sports can also teach us many lessons about discipline and attention to detail. For instance, the great football receiver Jerry Rice -- maybe the best football player ever --didn't just catch balls in practice: each time he caught a ball, he would exaggeratedly clamp it under his arm to protect it, as if preparing to run with it against hostile opponents. Practicing that made him just a little better at holding onto the ball during games -- which paid off over time. Are you focusing on those little details that make a difference?
Say "I love you." To your spouse, your kids, your parents, your friends. Remind people of how much they mean to you
When you blow it, say "I'm sorry." You know this stuff, but it bears repeating. Remember that you're not perfect. Show a little humility. If someone in your life deserves an apology, offer it. Where can you make amends?
Spend less than you make. If you want to avoid stress and build for the future, today needs to take care of itself . . . plus a little extra. This isn't just about money; it applies to any sort of obligation. So where are you "spending more than you make"? Are you creating clutter in your life? Interpersonal debts? How can you use your resources better?
The best dishes are made from the best ingredients. Top chefs go to great lengths to acquire the best ingredients, then focus on preparing them well. Are you bringing the best "ingredients" into your life, in whatever form?
The early bird gets the worm. Let this stand for all those old proverbs you know you should follow, but often don't. Look around you: is there something you know you should be doing, but aren't? What's the first step in making it happen?
What would you add to this list? And how do you remind yourself to return to the basics when life gets too complicated?
Country last.
In 2001, John McCain stood on the Senate floor and denounced the very concept of supply-side tax cuts.
“I cannot in good conscience support a tax cut in which so many of the benefits go to the most fortunate among us, at the expense of middle-class Americans who most need tax relief,” the Arizona senator said, explaining his decision to vote against George W. Bush's signature tax package. Two years later, McCain voted against renewing those tax cuts because they were still “too tilted to the wealthy” — and, also, because it he felt it fiscally irresponsible to cut taxes when no one knew how long or costly the war on terror would prove to be.
Graduate Students React to the Republican Tax Plan
Sixteen years later, economic inequality in America is dramatically more severe than it was when McCain said those words; the United States military is still fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq; and the Republican Party is pushing legislation that raises taxes on many middle-class families — and increases the deficit by at least $1.5 trillion — in order to finance a gigantic tax cut for corporate shareholders, millionaire business owners, and the heirs of multimillion-dollar estates.
And McCain will vote for the Trump tax cuts, anyway.
McCain is FOR tax bill pic.twitter.com/geNMQ97vev — Stefan Becket (@becket) November 30, 2017
McCain had more reasons to oppose this legislation than any other Republican senator. Beyond his historic opposition to regressive changes to the tax code, McCain had demanded, just two months ago, that his party take a “bipartisan approach” to its tax legislation. He has spent most of this year railing against the GOP's subversion of normal parliamentary procedure.
Now, Senate Republicans are trying to pass sweeping changes to the American tax code on a party-line vote — by gaming the rules of budget reconciliation in a manner that all but nullifies the legislative filibuster — while refusing to hold hearings on the bill's (profound) consequences for our economy, or even present the Treasury Department's own analysis of the bill's implications for the national debt (because that analysis would reveal that the Treasury secretary is lying about the bill's implications for the national debt).
And McCain will vote for the Trump tax cuts, anyway.
Several Republican senators have expressed concerns about the bill's deficit impact. But McCain has more concrete reasons to oppose large deficits than those lawmakers do. The Arizona senator has flip-flopped on many issues during his time in office. But his one, unshakable policy conviction is that the United States must maintain a global military empire until the end of time. And empires cost money. The current Republican president won election while promising to curtail America's involvement overseas and invest more money here at home. There is no popular support for cutting Social Security, while maintaining American boots on the ground in Somalia. If our nation ever enters a true fiscal crisis, McCain's beloved military-industrial complex is all but certain to take a hit.
And McCain will vote for the Trump tax cuts, anyway.
The president has tried to publicly humiliate several Senate Republicans — but McCain is the only one whom he has mocked for suffering torture as a prisoner of war. Multiple GOP lawmakers are immune from political pressure because they are headed for imminent retirement — but only McCain enjoys the radical freedom that attends the knowledge of one's imminent death.
And McCain will vote for the Trump tax cuts, anyway.
Mitch McConnell still has some wrinkles to iron out. It's unclear how he will address his deficit hawks' concerns without alienating his other members. And he has made expensive promises to Susan Collins and Ron Johnson, without revealing how he intends to pay for them.
But if John McCain will vote for McConnell's final product — even if that means making one of his final acts as a public servant a garish betrayal of his putative principles — then his colleagues are all but certain to do the same.
Ownership Edit
Previously owned by the Land Securities Group, the company posted a £95m loss in 2016.[14] In July 2017 the Hong Kong food company Lee Kum Kee Groups agreed to purchase the building from Land Securities and Canary Wharf Group for £1.3 billion.[2] Leasing of the building is carried out by CBRE and in July 2018, CBRE's Asset Services were awarded the contract to carry out all management of 20 Fenchurch Street.[15]
Previous building Edit
The previous building on the site, as seen from the Monument The previous building at 20 Fenchurch Street was 91 m (299 ft) tall with 25 storeys and was built in 1968 by Land Securities. The architect was William H. Rogers.[16] The building was formerly occupied by Dresdner Kleinwort and was notable for being one of the first tall buildings in the City of London, and for its distinctive roof. It was one of the towers nearest to the River Thames when viewed from the southern end of London Bridge. In 2007, one of the upper floors was used in the drama series Party Animals. Demolition of the building was completed in 2008. Despite the top-down method of construction, it was not demolished from the bottom-up, as a temporary structure was built, allowing Keltbray, the demolition contractor, to demolish the building from the top down.[17][18]
Design Edit
The new tower at 20 Fenchurch Street was designed by Uruguayan architect Rafael Viñoly in a postmodern style[citation needed]. The top-heavy design is partly intended to maximise floor space towards the top of the building, where rent is typically higher. The building uses double- and triple-glazed panelized aluminium cladding on its exterior. The 'sky garden' at the top of the building was claimed[by whom?] to be London's highest public park, but since opening there have been debates about whether it can be described as a 'park', and whether it is truly 'public' given the access restrictions.[19] The garden spans the top three floors, which are accessible by two express lifts and include a large viewing area, terrace, bar and two restaurants. Fourteen double-deck lifts (seven low-rise up to the 20th floor, seven high-rise above the 20th floor) serve the main office floors of the building. The south side of the structure is ventilated externally to improve efficiency and decrease solar gain, whilst the east and west faces incorporate extensive solar shading. There is a southern entrance in addition to the main northern entrance set back from Fenchurch Street.
Construction Edit
In January 2009, Canary Wharf Contractors began piling on the site of 20 Fenchurch Street. Piling and ground works were completed in June 2009.[20] In January 2011, work at the basement level of the tower began.[21] By the end of October 2011, the building was rising above street-level. December 2011 saw the tower's core begin to rise.[22][23] The concrete core was topped out in March 2012 and by July the structural steelwork was under way around the core. Structural steelwork topped out in December 2012.[24] Fire protection contractor Sharpfibre Ltd began applying fire protection to the structural steelwork in December 2012, completing in March 2013. Cementitious spray was applied to the steelwork, which was supplied directly to the entire building using a purpose-built mixing and pumping station located on the ground floor.[25] The building completed to shell and floor in April 2014 and the first tenants began moving into the building from May 2014 prior to final completion in August of that year.[26]
Awards Edit
The building won the Carbuncle Cup in 2015, awarded by Building Design magazine to the worst new building in the UK during the previous year.[9][10][27] The chairman of the jury that decided the prize, Thomas Lane, said "it is a challenge finding anyone who has something positive to say about this building", whilst a town planner at the nearby Royal Town Planning Institute described the building as "a daily reminder never to let such a planning disaster ever happen again."[10]
Criticisms Edit
Tenancy Edit
Gallery Edit
20 Fenchurch Street site, March 2012
20 Fenchurch Street site, January 2013
20 Fenchurch Street site, May 2013
20 Fenchurch Street site, October 2013
20 Fenchurch Street site, January 2014
See also Edit
The recording of our March 12th webinar featuring Maarten Balliauw and Mikhail Vink, Deployment with PhpStorm, is now available on JetBrains YouTube Channel.
How easy is it to connect to remote hosts from PhpStorm and copy over files from our project to the server? And can I do that when committing code to VCS?
In this webinar, we explore PhpStorm's deployment options and answer these questions, and more. We see how to do the basics as well as how we can map different folders in our project to different folders on the server, synchronize application code and more.
Is it a good idea to deploy to production right from within PhpStorm? Are there other options that are better suited?
We explore the deployment cycle of our applications, and make sure we can develop smoothly on a development server or a Vagrant box. We also see how to use PhpStorm's built-in deployment tools, Phing, and a sprinkle of continuous integration.
This webinar is geared towards developers of different proficiency and features Q&A session in the end.
Maarten Balliauw is a Technical Evangelist at JetBrains. His interests are all web: ASP.NET MVC, PHP and Windows Azure. He's a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) for Windows Azure and an ASPInsider. He has published many articles in both PHP and .NET literature such as MSDN magazine and PHP architect. Maarten is a frequent speaker at various national and international events such as MIX (Las Vegas), TechDays, DPC and others.. is a Technical Evangelist at JetBrains. His interests are all web: ASP.NET MVC, PHP and Windows Azure. He's a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) for Windows Azure and an ASPInsider. He has published many articles in both PHP and .NET literature such as MSDN magazine and PHP architect. Maarten is a frequent speaker at various national and international events such as MIX (Las Vegas), TechDays, DPC and others..
Keep up with the latest PhpStorm news on PhpStorm Blog and on Twitter @PhpStorm.
I've had a lot of people ask me how my first D&D game as Dungeon Master went. Here's a pic I snapped with my phone towards the end of the night. Actually since we went until 2:30 am, I guess I should say the morning.
Chocholate milk, popcorn, huge golden dragon tablecloth,candles,pewter dragon dice box…yeah I'd say it went pretty fucking good.
I decided that since this was everyone's first time playing D&D I really wanted to go all out. I figured if we were going to this, we were going to do it right. So I made some strategic purchases to help set the mood. With some incense, candles and a few props I was able to transform my dinning room into space suitable for epic adventures involving dungeons and the dragons that may or may not lurk there.
As for the adventure itself, I took one of the stories from the DMG that comes with the starter kit as a sort of seed. I used it's encounters and locations since this was my first time as a DM and I thought having that stuff written out would be helpful. I went in and added in all my own story hooks and NPC's though. I think for our first game everyone did really well. I had a hard time getting into the roles of the various NPC's but I think I'll get better at that as time goes on. In general I think everyone was sort of learning who their character is and how they behave. Obviously learning the mechanics of combat was also a major focus for everyone.
I did my best to roll with everything they wanted to do. Just like the DMG had warned, despite all my planning they still wanted to know stuff I hadn't thought about. I don't want to go into too much detail because they all read this and I don't want to spoil anything for them. I will say that I really loved the DM role and I'm super excited to continue the story. I've got some pretty cool stuff in store for them.
-Gabe out
It's time to take stock of the year's best music, and one thing is clear: the musical landscape of 2017 was varied and diverse.
Not only were we treated to new music from some of Canada's biggest stars, including Drake, Feist and Arcade Fire, but it was a year that marked the emergence of exciting new artists like Jessie Reyez, Partner and Colter Wall. We also witnessed the re-discovery of musical pioneer Jackie Shane and celebrated Gord Downie's posthumous masterpiece.
Here is our roundup of the Canadian albums of 2017, as chosen by our staff of CBC Music producers and music programmers.
Scroll through the ranked list of albums below and tell us what your favourite Canadian release was this year via Twitter @CBCMusic.
Editor's note: All albums were chosen from Canadian releases between Jan. 1 and Nov. 17, 2017 — not including French releases, which is a task our sister site ICI Musique will be undertaking.
17. Colter Wall, self-titled
Colter Wall's debut album caught a lot of attention this past year, with Steve Earle calling him "the best singer-songwriter I've come across in years,” and Pitchfork calling him “one of country music's most exciting voices.” It's hard to believe this songwriter from Swift Current, Sask., is only 22. He calls his songs, which include murder ballads and tales of brushes with the law, “mostly autobiographical.” There is a gravity in his voice and an authentic feel to his lyrics that makes you wonder how much of it is true.
— Reuben Mann
16. Vivek Shraya, Part-Time Woman
Few albums can broaden or even upend one's whole world view, but Vivek Shraya's perfect collection, Part-Time Woman, makes it happen in just six songs. Exploring femininity, feminism, race, sisterhood, the male gaze, identity, violence and violence against transgender and racialized bodies in particular, Shraya interrogates what it means — and what it takes — to be a woman in 2017 against a backdrop of sing-along choruses, lush arrangements and evocative, avant-garde pop .
— Andrea Warner
&amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="http://vivekshraya.bandcamp.com/album/part-time-woman"&amp;amp;amp;gt;Part-Time Woman by Vivek Shraya &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp; Queer Songbook Orchestra&amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;gt;
15. The Weather Station, self-titled
Tamara Lindeman's voice has been compared to Joni Mitchell's for years, but it's not a manipulation; Lindeman, a.k.a. the Weather Station, is the next chapter in Canada's folk tradition. With this self-titled release, Lindeman said she wanted to make a rock 'n' roll album, “but one that sounded how I wanted it to sound, which of course is nothing like rock and roll.” Lindeman's crisp folk is turned up to a relative Weather Station-level of rock on this 2017 release, as her vocals glide through each song, highlighting lyrical nuance that mines everyday minutiae with a fine-toothed comb. “I notice f--king everything,” Lindeman sings on single “Thirty,” and we know it's absolutely true — and that we're better for the stories she tells because of it.
— Holly Gordon
14. Majid Jordan, The Space Between
Majid Al Maskati and Jordan Ullman aren't wasting any time. Following the release of their self-titled debut in February 2016, the Toronto R&B duo known as Majid Jordan got right back to crafting their signature nocturnal slow jams. While Drake was the only feature on that first album, lending his vocals to the lead hit single “My Love,” he's physically absent on The Space Between, which actually works better to showcase Majid's undulating falsetto. That said, it's still very much an OVO family affair, with both PartyNextDoor (“One I Want”) and dvsn (“My Imagination”) making appearances. It's also still rooted in the Toronto Sound that the “Hold on We're Going Home” co-writers helped to create, though a much more refined and accessible release than their debut. With The Space Between, Al Maskati and Ullman further carve out their place at the forefront of the next generation of Canadian R&B artists.
— Jesse Kinos-Goodin
13. Jackie Shane, Any Other Way
Any Other Way is a fantastic, triumphant, headrush, and it's such a loss that Shane's incredible, soulful voice was all but erased from Canada's music history. An R&B artist who made her home in Toronto for most of the '60s, Shane was a groundbreaking part of the city's LGBT scene and her live shows were legendary. This double-album reissue begins the work of restoring Shane to her rightful place as one of Canada's first soul queens. — AW
12. Arcade Fire, Everything Now
While Arcade Fire's Infinite Content marketing campaign didn't go over well with music fans this year, the Montreal band's main offering still delivered enough for us to forgive the litany of absurd headlines. Everything Now finds Arcade Fire continuing in its evolution from earnest rock band to a more relaxed (yet ambitious) dance-rock force. Whether it's flirting with ABBA-style melodies or borrowing rhythms from reggae and synth-pop, Arcade Fire is eager to expand its scope — and when it hits just right on tracks like “Put Your Money On Me” or the Regine Chassagne-led “Electric Blue,” it stills feels invigorating. This may not be Arcade Fire's strongest album to date but the band's batting average remains higher than most musical acts around.
— Melody Lau
11. Tei Shi, Crawl Space
Valerie Teicher, the Buenos Aires-born singer who spent her formative years in Colombia, British Columbia and Quebec, has been releasing singles and EPs since 2013, slowly garnering a fanbase and critical acclaim — and upwards of 4.5 million views on her video for the 2014 single “Bassically.” But 2017 marked the year that Teicher, a.k.a. Tei Shi, stood front and centre with her debut full-length album, filling it with jam after beautifully crafted jam that bounces between R&B and electro-pop, shoegaze and rock, and a knowing glance to ‘80s influences.
Teicher wrote and produced the album, adding two tape memos to the tracklist that she recorded when she was about 10 years old — “I just hope that one day, I can be like Britney Spears,” she states on one — resulting in a full-length that gives us insight to Teicher's artistic process, balancing her vulnerability with vocal and production confidence that can only push her closer to stardom. — HG
10. Land Of Talk, Life After Youth
For Land of Talk's Elizabeth Powell, 2017 was the year of the big comeback. Her last album was 2010's excellent Cloak and Cipher, and after that, Powell seemed to all but disappear from the musical landscape (you can read more about that here). It wasn't until last year that she started to slowly emerge from her self-imposed exile, and this year marked her full return with the triumphant release of Life After Youth. Many of the songs on this album come from Powell's period of retreat and introspection, but it also has its share of hook-filled rockers. From the soaring, gorgeous opener “Yes, You Were,” to the sweetly sentimental “In Florida,” you can hear Powell's newly won sense of optimism and gratitude woven through every song.
— Andrea Gin
9. Partner, In Search of Lost Time
On paper, you might not be sure what to make of this rock duo at first, which lists Weezer, AC/DC, Melissa Etheridge, Ween and Beavis & Butthead as key influences. One listen to the album's opening song, “Everybody Knows,” though — with its catchy riffs, shredding guitar solos, hooky pop songwriting sensibilities and sage lyrics about getting baked — and you know that all those influences have added up to something good. Describing itself as “unflinching in its exploration of intimacy, friendship, sexuality, drugs, and the existential predicament of being a lesbian barista in the year 2017,” Partner's Josée Caron and Lucy Niles are not only the set of guitar-rock heroes we want this year, they're also the ones we need. — AG
8. Broken Social Scene, Hug of Thunder
A reunion that was well worth the wait, Broken Social Scene returned this year at a time when many needed to feel a sense of real unity and upliftment. On Hug of Thunder, the band's spirit is reinvigorated with new blood (Ariel Engle joins the fold) and a focused mission statement in light of the 2015 Bataclan attacks in Paris. All the hallmarks of Broken Social Scene's anthemic sounds are back in full swing: open-hearted declarations shouted in harmonic unison over triumphant horns and walls of guitars. It's a rock record that unabashedly swells with emotion and is infused with equal parts nostalgia and forward-moving momentum. It's some of the band's best work yet. — ML
7. Weaves, Wide Open
For Weaves, replicating the beautiful disarray of manic ideas that collided into the pop-rock gem that was their debut album would be impossible. So, in its equally great followup this year, the Toronto-band band teased apart its strengths, aligned them, and polished them into something much more focused — but just as thrilling. Wide Open finds frontwoman Jasmyn Burke taking centre stage, channelling her unique version of Bruce Springsteen, and proving that, underneath Weaves' DIY charm lays a band that can wield a powerful hook. — ML
6. Jessie Reyez, Kiddo
Jessie Reyez dropped her debut single, “Figures,” in 2016, introducing us to the 26-year-old Brampton, Ont., singer who would soon command our attention. “Figures/ I gave you ride or die/ and you gave me games,” she sings over simple guitar, lulling us in while stating in no uncertain terms that she'll (eventually) be just fine: “You say sorry once and you think it's enough/ I got a lineup of girls and a lineup of guys/ begging for me just to give 'em a try.”
On her 2017 debut EP, Kiddo, Reyez's heart remains unchecked, as does her energy and anger: she will enrage you with a song like “Gatekeeper” — “Oh I'm the gatekeeper/ spread your legs/ open up/ you could be famous,” she taunts, retelling her experience with a sexual predator in the music industry — and break you down with an outpouring of love for her family on “Great One.” Throughout the six tracks on Kiddo, plus a nearly minute-long interlude from a voicemail of her parents singing her happy birtrhday in Spanish, Reyez is vulnerable yet unwilling to be anything but herself, letting her raw emotion serve ballad-like tracks and bangers alike. Having already worked with the likes of King Louie, Chance the Rapper, Skrillex and Calvin Harris — and now immediately selling out shows — Reyez is looking at one hell of a 2018. — HG
5. Gord Downie, Introduce Yerself
In recent years, we've had a few remarkable opportunities to glimpse our musical heroes coming to grips with their mortality (David Bowie's Blackstar; Leonard Cohen's You Want it Darker). Gord Downie's posthumous release, the achingly beautiful, musically adventurous Introduce Yerself, not only deserves its place alongside those brilliant goodbyes, but it's also a devastating masterpiece. — AW
4. Feist, Pleasure
It had been six years since Feist released her last album, and she almost didn't come back. 2011's Metals was an overwhelming success — debuting at No. 9 on Billboard, named album of the year by the New York Times and winning the three Juno Awards, among other accolades — but Feist didn't want to make another record just because that's what she was supposed to do. After a period of “quiet reckoning,” she started working on music again, and we're glad she did. Pleasure showcases Feist at the height of her creative powers: looking inward, pushing forward and experimenting with her sound. It's adventurous, artful and a complete delight. — AG
3. Drake, More Life
Perhaps the term “album” has become too confining for Drake. The Toronto rapper's two best releases over the same number of years have been a mixtape (If You're Reading This it's too Late) and now something he deems a “playlist.” More Life springs back from the overworked Views, and frees up some boundaries for the Toronto rapper. His grab bag of sounds feels much more relaxed and willingly experimental, swerving from grime cut “No Long Talk” straight into the trop-house ease of “Passionfruit.” We'll happily accept another “playlist” next, Drizzy. — ML
2. Alvvays, Antisocialites
A lot of pressure can result from such a critically acclaimed beginning, but there are no visible nerves on Alvvays' Antisocialites, the followup to the Toronto-based band's much lauded, self-titled debut. Building on the jangly surf-pop that made Alvvays so popular in 2014, Antisocialites takes all the parts of Alvvays that worked and builds on them, proving that the band can consistently create some of the best pop in the country.
It wasn't all rose-coloured success, though: frontwoman Molly Rankin told us that, after more than a year of non-stop touring, she and her bandmates needed to “get back to our apartments and walk through the city and have space and get back to ourselves” before she could write the new album. The self-imposed break resulted in Rankin's artist retreat on Toronto Island, where she wrote the basis for these 10 new tracks of shimmery break-up songs, with hooks that shine brightly amid Alvvays' trademark devastation. A taste of cotton candy after a long day at the fair, Antisocialites stands up no matter the season. — HG
1. Daniel Caesar, Freudian
Daniel Caesar's stunning debut is all sleepy tenderness, laidback wisdom and confident intimacy. Freudian opens with these deep, vibrating notes that are wholly immersive, swallowing the listener inside a world rich with soul-stirring organs, beautiful piano lines, sinuous, seductive arrangements and lush production. Caesar's voice, lyrically and physically, radiates warmth and intelligence, but one of the other things that makes Freudian feel so radically inspired is how Caesar makes space for so many women-identified and gender non-conforming collaborators and voices, and not simply as objects, either, but in dialogue with them as actual characters with agency within the narratives of his songs. With Freudian, Caesar illuminates another path forward for Canadian R&B, and it's a glorious one. — AW
More to explore:
100 best Canadian songs of 2017
Our 10 favourite Canadian classical albums of 2017
Exclusive: watch breakout Montreal band Milk & Bone play their new single live
Microsoft has recently announced the support for Wake on LAN for Surface devices connected to wired local area networks with a Surface Ethernet Adapter or Surface Dock. With this support, organizations can enable their docked or connected devices to be woken from Connected Standby, allowing for updates and maintenance during windows of opportunity outside of peak hours.
To enable this support on Surface devices, a specific driver for the Surface Ethernet adapter needs to instal. This driver is not included in the standard driver and firmware pack for Surface devices. You can download the Surface WOL driver (SurfaceWOL.msi) from the Surface Tools for IT page. The following devices are supported for WOL:
Surface Book
Surface Pro 4
Surface Pro 3
Surface 3
Surface Ethernet adapter
Surface Dock
Surface Docking Station for Surface Pro 3
Many management solutions including System Center Configuration Manager provide built-in support for Wake on LAN.
Out in the real world news is happening and here are the highlights.
Clinton clinches Democratic nomination
Well, that's it. Hope is over. After taking New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota, and currently enjoying a double-digit lead in California, there's no use pretending anymore that Sanders has a chance of taking the Democratic nomination. A historic moment, but one that's difficult to enjoy when you consider what could've been. – New York Times
Meryl Streep impersonates Donald Trump
Since he can't be beaten politically, all the world can do to Trump is mock him in the futile hope that he might get mildly annoyed. Meryl Streep was the latest to lampoon the demagogue-cum-presidential hopeful, lathering herself in fake tan and imitating The Donald at this year's annual Shakespeare in the Park Public Theatre Gala in New York City. – The Daily Telegraph
Scientists can't find a single spot on Earth untouched by humans
A recent expedition by researchers at the University of Oxford attempting to locate a single pristine spot of the Earth's surface unsullied by the human hand yielded no results. None. Not one. If the planet were a giant rug, there isn't a single point that our race hasn't trampled all over with our crude oil-stained shoes, which makes our planet's long-term prognosis bleak. Nice one, humans. – Gizmodo
Arctic Sea ice hits the lowest levels ever
Manmade climate change just set a new record for plunging levels of Arctic Sea ice to new levels of evaporation. The previous lowest monthly record for May dates back to 2004; back then, the Arctic Sea had a level of ice covering that amounts to a surface area larger than the size of California. Putting things into perspective, between 1981 and 2010, an area equal to three full California's has disappeared from the Arctic Sea. – Washington Post
More journalists officially working in online media than print now
Perhaps the only industry to adapt to the digital revolution worse than the music business, it has officially been confirmed that more journalists work in online media than in print these days. That's in America at least, but where America leads the world follows. Print is wheezing on its deathbed. – NiemanLab
Manchester City in talks to sign Aubaumeyang
Borussia Dortmund striker, Pierre-Emerick Aubaumeyang, has been coveted by some of Europe's top clubs in recent seasons and it appears that Manchester City will be his destination this summer. Although nothing is confirmed yet, when rumors appear this solidified they usually happen, and if it does go through that would make him the second Dortmund player to defect to Citeh this summer, following in Ilkay Gundogan's footsteps. – SkySports News
–
Catch up on yesterday's IRL headlines.
Subscribe
In the episode of The Writer's Pit were joined by Grimdark author and martial arts champ Peter Fugazzotto. Topics include utilizing martial arts training in writing, indie publishing and marketing, which fantasy characters would Peter want in his war party, musings on Grimdark, the nuance of NaNoWriMo, critique groups, using Pinterest to worldbuild, and the fine art of writerly discipline. Find out more and download a free book at PeterFugazzotto.com.
Find Peter's books on Amazon!
Past episodes you may also enjoy:
Interview with Steve Erikson
Interview with Joe Abercrombie Part 1 / Part 2
Interview with Grimdark Magazine
~~~
Download on iTunes, Stitcher, or Podbean
Online at TheGrimTidingsPodcast.com
On Facebook Facebook.com/TheGrimTidingsPodcast
On Twitter @GrimdarkFiction
Rob Matheny on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram
Philip Overby online at PhilipOverby.com, or on Twitter
Music by Michael R. Fletcher
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750 Ti has been getting a lot of attention around the hardware circuits recently, but for good reason. It remains interesting from a technology stand point as it is the first, and still the only, Maxwell based GPU available for desktop users. It's a completely new architecture which is built with power efficiency (and Tegra) in mind. With it, the GTX 750 Ti was able to push a lot of performance into a very small power envelope while still maintaining some very high clock speeds.
NVIDIA's flagship mainstream part is also still the leader when it comes to performance per dollar in this segment (for at least as long as it takes for AMD's Radeon R7 265 to become widely available). There have been a few cases that we have noticed where the long standing shortages and price hikes from coin mining have dwindled, which is great news for gamers but may also be bad news for NVIDIA's GPUs in some areas. Though, even if the R7 265 becomes available, the GTX 750 Ti remains the best card you can buy that doesn't require a power connection. This puts it in a unique position for power limited upgrades.
After our initial review of the reference card, and then an interesting look at how the card can be used to upgrade an older or under powered PC, it is time to take a quick look at a set of three different retail cards that have made their way into the PC Perspective offices.
On the chopping block today we'll look at the EVGA GeForce GTX 750 Ti ACX FTW, the Galaxy GTX 750 Ti GC and the PNY GTX 750 Ti XLR8 OC. All of them are non-reference, all of them are overclocked, but you'll likely be surprised how they stack up.
Continue reading our round up of EVGA, Galaxy and PNY GTX 750 Ti Graphics Cards!!
The EVGA GTX 750 Ti ACX FTW
In the world of EVGA, the FTW label is bestowed to only the best of the best graphics cards they sell. The highest overclocks, the best coolers, etc. The GTX 750 Ti FTW with the EVGA ACX custom cooler is really no different.
This card is quite a bit larger than the reference design which subtracts a bit from the appeal for fitting into ultra-small cases and tight designs. The dual fans on the heatsink keep the GPU very cool at the cost of noise.
When we first got in the EVGA FTW model I complained about sound levels immediately to them and with that feedback they released an updated firmware that lowers the noise of the fans by a big step. The issue appears to be that EVGA chose to go with a non-PWM fan design on this card and as such the fan speed just can't go any lower than the 42% we saw in our testing. What is kind of annoying about that is at stock settings, this card never goes ABOVE 42% fan speed under a full gaming workload. That means the card doesn't increase in sound level while gaming (which seems good) but that it could easily be quieter at idle than EVGA decided to go with.
EVGA did include a 6-pin power connector on this model while also extending the heatsink past the PCB design in a very similar fashion to the GTX 660 cards from the previous generation.
External display options include a single dual-link DVI port, full size HDMI and full size DisplayPort. That should be plenty for a card that really isn't designed for gaming on multiple panels and that doesn't support multi-GPU SLI configurations.
For style points, the EVGA GT 750 Ti FTW has that in hand with a dark matte finish and a lack of any flashy, overly colorful components.
The out of box clock speeds for the EVGA card are set at 1189 MHz base clock, 1268 MHz Boost and 1350 MHz / 5.4 GHz on the memory bus. Those GPU clocks are 169 MHz higher than the reference speeds which should net a performance advantage of around 10%.
The EVGA GTX 750 Ti FTW is currently selling on Newegg.com for $179.
A lot of fuss was made recently when Google added footnotes to its Docs web app. Not because the ability to add footnotes is such a killer feature — Microsoft Word has had it for as long as probably anyone can remember — nor because it represented any great feat of engineering. Rather, the most impressive aspect of the new footnote feature in Google Docs was the timing of its addition.
According to Garett Rogers, who write the Googling Google blog for ZDNet, the Mountain View-based company added footnotes to their web application just two days after Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer characterized Docs as a non-threat. “You can't even put a footnote in a document,” he said.
It wasn't the actual feature, so much as Google's demonstrated agility in adding it that was impressive. “The agility, and horsepower that Google has behind it is something that companies — even Microsoft — should be wary of, and definitely shouldn't take lightly,” says Rogers.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
However, for all that, Google still has yet to do much more than take a nibble at Microsoft's dominant office application market share. According to Microsoft, there are a whopping 550 million users of Microsoft Office around the world. Google Docs, meanwhile, only attracts a paltry 1.3 million visitors per month according to Quantcast.
Clearly, Google has a lot of work to do before it can undo the stranglehold that Microsoft has on the office software market. So where is the real greatest threat to Microsoft's cash cow?
It might just be in desktop software from the open source world. Specifically, OpenOffice.org, which shipped a major version upgrade this month. In the first week since shipping version 3, OpenOffice.org was downloaded 3 million times. That's still a drop in the bucket compared to Microsoft Office's supposed user numbers, but what might be most potentially worrisome for Microsoft is that 80% of downloaders were Windows users. That indicates that Windows users are open to alternatives to Microsoft software (especially if they're free).
OpenOffice.org head of marketing John McCreesh thinks that those numbers are actually undercounting Linux users, who usually get updates via their vendor. He guesses there might actually 5 million installed copies out there right now of the latest version of OpenOffice.org.
“[In 2004] we aimed to have a 40% market share by 2010. That doesn't seem as ambitious today as it did four years ago,” says McCreesh. Well, if Microsoft's numbers are accurate, that actually does seem pretty ambitious. But the numbers so far indicate that the greatest threat to Microsoft's office software dominance might come from open source desktop software, and not from the cloud and Google.
One thing is certain: Microsoft is starting to feel pressure from all sides.
Warner Bros. U.K. have released a trailer for Mad Max: Fury Road, the latest installment in the action franchise set in a dystopian, near-apocalyptic future.
Fury Road is the fourth film of George Miller's franchise co-written and directed by Miller.
You can check out the trailer and official synopsis below.
Oscar-winning filmmaker George Miller's Mad Max: Fury Road revisits his own post-apocalyptic trilogy featuring the anti-hero known as Mad Max. Tom Hardy stars in the role of Max Rockatansky, alongside Charlize Theron, Nicholas Hoult, Zoe Kravitz, Riley Keough, Hugh Keays-Byrne and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. Miller directed from a screenplay he wrote with Brendan McCarthy and Nico Lathouris. Miller also produces, along with Doug Mitchell and P.J. Voeten. Iain Smith, Graham Burke and Bruce Berman serve as executive producers. “Mad Max: Fury Road” is a Kennedy Miller Mitchell production. The film will be presented by Warner Bros. Pictures, in association with Village Roadshow Pictures. Scheduled for release on May 15, 2015, it will be distributed worldwide by Warner Bros. Pictures, a Warner Bros. Entertainment Company, and in select territories by Village Roadshow Pictures.
In what can only be described as another low moment for conservative media, Sean Hannity has decided to compare two very different realms — the Confederate flag and hip-hop music.
During his radio show this week, the FOX host touched on the topic of the Confederate flag. Major retailers have vowed to stop selling the flag due to accused Charleston gunman Dylann Roof‘s veneration of the symbol and its connection to racism. Hannity, who says he doesn't care about the Confederate flag, then suggested that Walmart, Sears, and Amazon should also stop selling hip-hop music.
Why? Because…reaching.
Hannity goes on to generalize hip-hop music, stating that artists like Snoop Dogg, Jay-Z, and 50 Cent viciously use the n-word and objectify women in their lyrics. You know, the same rappers who in the past have bailed Ferguson protesters out of jail, raised money for inner city children for over a decade, and provided grants to non-profits serving low-income communities.
He also compared the Confederate flag, which once stood for the continuation of slavery and dismissal of civil rights, to a genre of music built on combatting the injustices of those same views.
But we digress.
The Independent reports Hannity as saying:
“I have a question, can you still buy a Jay-Z CD at Walmart? Does the music department at Sears have any Ludacris albums? Can I download… Fiddy [sic] Cent on Amazon, can I do that? Can I get some Snoop Dogg albums on eBay? Why do I say that? Because a lot of music by those artists are chock-full of the n-word. And the b-word. And the h-word.”
He also blames President Obama, citing that Jay-Z and Beyonce have been to the White House an alleged “thousands of times.”
Meanwhile, many other conservatives have taken on the opposite side of the debate, saying the flag should be placed in a museum and not on the poles of state buildings.
SOURCE: The Independent | VIDEO CREDIT: YouTube
SEE ALSO:
Joe Morton, aka ‘Papa Pope,' Ripping On Confederate Flag Supporters Is The Best Thing You Will See All Day
This Is What Happened When Montel Williams Came For Activist DeRay McKesson On Twitter
Also On News One:
3D printing suppliers list
Are you looking for an easy way to compare multiple online sellers of 3d printers and print material? This page is the place to start looking! Here you can easily see which supplier has free shopping, or if they have the type of filament you need.
3D Printing online shop list
Below is an ever-growing list of online 3d printing & filament suppliers. Primarily, they are sorted by shipping location, but you can sort the table by clicking the respective header. If you ever bought something from one of these websites, let the world know how your experience was and leave a review! Just use the comment form below.
Don't want to bother with the list? Go straight to our affiliate partner for trustworthy sales:
Television reviews: 'New Girl,' 'Unforgettable'
Zooey Deschanel's charm along with sharp writing make Fox's "New Girl" something special, while CBS' "Unforgettable" with Poppy Montgomery proves anything but that in the pilot episode.
The men are disparate, and desperate, versions of your Modern Comedy Guy — Nick (Jake M. Johnson), a heartbroken bartender; Schmidt (Max Greenfield), a suit-wearing self-imagined player; and Coach (Damon Wayans Jr.), a personal trainer with communications issues. (Don't get too fond of Coach, though; he will be replaced by the basketball-playing Winston [Lamorne Morris] in the second episode because Wayans returned to "Happy Endings" when it was unexpectedly renewed.) They don't talk so much as banter, but with a level of self-awareness — make an overly testosterone-fueled remark and you must put a dollar in the "douche jar" — that shines bright amid the fug of male cluelessness that hangs over so many comedies these days.
After an ugly breakup, Jess (Deschanel) decides she's tired of being the dorky duckling in a bevy of swans — her roommate Cece (Hannah Simone) is a model, all her friends are models — and moves in with a trio of men who take her because, well, her former roommate is a model and all her friends are models. While this might seem counterintuitive — if she's tired of feeling odd and unattractive then moving in with men might not be the first thing a girl would consider doing — that's just Jess, and it's as good a way as any to set up the Pygmalion meets "Friends" dynamics that Meriwether is going for.
Tuesday night, two actresses use their considerable talents to freshen up a pair of shows drawn from the "tried-and-true" pile of network programming, one with much more success than the other.
But Jess is the keystone of the show and Deschanel, with her impossibly blue eyes peeking out from behind her horn rims and up from under unkempt bangs, fills her with the charming and willful childishness usually reserved for characters played by male comedians — Will Ferrell in "Elf," Adam Sandler in, well, just about anything. Deschanel's essential sexiness is impossible to eradicate, but she uses all its elements — the eyes, that voice, those curves — to fine comedic effect, playing dorky the way Judy Holliday, Carole Lombard or even Lucille Ball played dumb.
Which is to say, with the occasional sensual growl and knowing twinkle in her eye, letting everyone know that Jess is in on the joke. Like the men around her, she has a level of self-awareness that belies her often clumsy actions, which makes their little experiment in gender studies much more intriguing than a simple "male friends help dowdy girl become a Real Woman" plot line.
Viewers will come to see Deschanel but they'll stay for the whole package because smart writing, confident timing and characters that are both familiar yet surprisingly fresh make "New Girl" the most promising comedy, and one of the most promising shows, of the season.
If only the same could be said of the new crime drama "Unforgettable" on CBS. As terrific as it is to see "Without a Trace's" Poppy Montgomery back in action, her timing is not great. Coming in at the tail end of the "detective with something special" that is currently in vogue, Montgomery got gypped.
As former detective Carrie Wells, her special power is her memory — she literally cannot forget anything she's seen, heard or experienced. Except, apparently, the murder of her older sister when the two were children. This one forgotten day is what drove her to, and from, the police force. Then, after witnessing a murder, she is drawn back in when her ex-partner (and former lover) Det. Al Burns (Dylan Walsh) arrives on the scene. He knows what Carrie is capable of and soon we are watching as she revisits the scenes of her memory, teasing out clues from the shadows of her own mental downloads.
Based on a J. Robert Lennon story called "The Rememberer," it isn't the worst conceit every imagined. But it isn't the best either, and what with all those con men/novelists/lie experts/anthropologists out there using their specialized skills to solve crimes, "Unforgettable" creators Ed Redlich and John Bellucci will need more than a rare disorder to separate itself from the pack.
The dead little sister is haunting, but Montgomery is not. Carrie is sad to the point of mopey; she takes no joy in her talent nor does it torture her, as one imagines it would. She, like Walsh, is solid, but she needs to be driven, by something, by anything. Even their romantic chemistry is flat; they treat each other more like siblings than old flames.
Unfortunately, if you name a show "Unforgettable" you really need to deliver, and the pilot just doesn't.
mary.mcnamara@latimes.com
Was reading the article below and thought it would be nice to apply such an architecture to NuLaw. The blockchain layer with the grant and motions which are tied in a irrefutable way to the database layer which holds the motions and grants itself. Anyone up to it?
Excerpt below, full article here: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/5-pillars-3-layers-enterprise-blockchain-solution-design-strajnar
Excerpt article enterprise blockchain design by Fran Stanjer:
For ease of explanation let's take a (limited) look at a real business case we are currently exploring with some banks;
Bank-Feeds on the Blockchain:
Diagram
In this design, the application layer is where the Bank, Intuit & 3rd Party sit up top and would be the interface to connect these parties and their systems into the layers below.
The diagram above further illustrates how network participants interact with the data at each layer:
Bank writes an encrypted data record for Customer[c] to the Private Data Store.
Bank broadcasts a transaction under Customer[c]'s address to the Blockchain with a pointer to the data record.
Third-party [Intuit] was monitoring for transactions under Customer[c]'s address and reads the pointer.
Third-party[Intuit] initiates a key exchange with the Bank to retrieve a shared secret for the data record.
Third-party[Intuit] uses the shared secret to decrypt the data record and can now read the transactional data from the Private Data Store.
— end of excerpt —
The database can be maintained under the NuLaw App/header (the bank in the diagram) and the third party (Intuit in the diagram) can be the Blockchain App tying motions and custodial grants to the database. Ideally the database will be held decentralised itself. That would be a whole new level of eGov!
In the old apartment Sarah and I used to live in, I had one whole wall filled with books. The bookshelf stretched from the floor to the ceiling and from wall to wall and, frankly, it was overstuffed.
That bookshelf wasn't too surprising, though. I've been a voracious reader since my early childhood, reading more than a book a week for as far back as I can remember. Reading has been a big part of my entire life, progressing from Judy Blume and Roald Dahl to Margaret Atwood and George R. R. Martin.
Yet, sadly, that overstuffed bookshelf was mostly full of books that I had not even bothered to read. It was all sunk money, money that could have been working for me by paying off debts or sitting in an investment.
Why? How could that happen?
I hadn't stopped reading. I still read at least a book a week.
The problem was that there were many, many books that I wanted to read and that desire was coupled with an income that seemingly provided a lot of spending money.
I'd discover four or five books per week that I wanted to read – just like I did when I was younger. The only difference was that now I had the money to acquire all of those books that I wanted to read.
This wasn't just a phenomenon limited to books for me. I did the same thing with video games and DVDs, too. I've witnessed this phenomenon in other people, too, with other things ranging from clothing and shoes to motorcycles and golf clubs.
How does this phenomenon happen? Here's my theory.
A Changing Balance of Time and Money
When people have passions or hobbies, they tend to fill up their spare time and, often, their spare money with those passions.
In college, for example, I was a voracious reader in my spare time, so I would read as many books as I possibly could. Some were bought with my own money, some were gifts, and some came from the library.
At that time, money was the biggest limitation on my reading hobby. I was forced to rely mostly on the library, which would often not have the book I wanted. I would often hear about a book or discover it in a bookstore, find myself without enough money to buy that book, and then struggle with balancing my very limited spending power between just buying that book anyway or waiting until I could get it from the library. I had enough time to read all of the books that found their way into my home then.
As I grew older, though, two things shifted. First, my free time became smaller because I moved from being a single college student to being a married professional (one that would soon have kids). At the same time, my income level grew almost by an order of magnitude.
My financial ability to buy books was no longer limited. If I wanted a book, I possessed the means to buy it.
At the same time, my time available for reading shrank, at least a little. I didn't have the endless afternoons for reading that I once had, though I could still enjoy the hobby.
This lack of time was a frustration. I missed those lazy afternoons of being lost in a great book. Since I couldn't have that experience nearly as often, I searched around for a substitute … and I found that buying lots of books made for a reasonable substitute.
Buying books that I wanted allowed me to feel as though I could at least be close to a book that I wanted to read, even if I didn't have time to read it. I could have that book in my home at the ready for when the moment appeared that provided me time to read – and I seemingly had the resources to do it easily.
My large unread book collection came from a drastic increase in income paired with a reduction in time.
This is the same experience I've seen from almost everyone who has a significant change in their time-money balance that either limits their time or increases their money.
Their passion seeks another outlet, and that outlet often involves buying things.
How Do You Beat Over Collecting?
The challenge with overcoming this type of “overcollecting” of anything is that it's based on two fundamental facts that you can't really change. One, you're passionate about something. Two, you have more money than time.
Over the last several years, I've found a good method for fixing this kind of “overcollecting” that has repeatedly worked for books, DVDs, video games, and other things. I barely spend money at all on these things at this point.
Here's how I did it.
Step One: Recognize the Unnecessary Loss
My first step in turning the ship around was recognizing the real problem: books sitting unread on my shelf were actually costing me money just by their presence.
When you spend money on something that you don't use, you're truly wasting that money.
Money spent on something that sits on your shelf untouched for several months is money that's purely wasted.
Think of it this way. If you had simply waited until you had the time available to actually use the item, then you could have had that money for months (or years) and nothing would have changed. You would still be able to use that item when you could actually use it.
During that time, that money could have been applied to debts to keep your interest rates lower or earning you money in an investment.
When you sink that money into clothes or books or golf clubs that just sit in your home unused, that money can no longer work for you. In exchange, what do you get? Nothing. You're not using the item, so all it's doing is taking up space.
Step Two: Adopt a Shorter Queue
Since I no longer have the need to acquire every book I want – because I recognize that it's a huge waste until the moment I am about to use it – I mostly just focus on the next few books I intend to read. This gives me a month or two to find the best deal on that book.
Often, that deal is found at the library. Since I no longer have to have it right now, a book request at the library works really well. I just wait for a little while, then I have the book in my hands. Often, the book's availability at the library determines which book of the several I'm thinking about that I will actually read next.
This works for other things, too. You'll usually know when you need a new pair of shoes long in advance. You'll often know when you'll have time to watch a film or two long before it happens. This means you're not pressed up against a purchase and can shop carefully for that item, giving you the same item at a far lower price.
This switch doesn't deny me any book that I want to read.
All it does is cut back on the accumulation and gives me a window to find better deals. When I want to experience a book, I still get to experience it. I just spend about 95% less than I used to on books.
Step Three: Reconnect
One difficult part of this switch is that, in the process of buying so many of an item, you're taking away time and mental energy from the actual hobby you enjoyed beginning with. Rather than reading books, for example, you're buying them. Rather than choosing well-thought-out outfits, you're buying new clothes.
One big trick is to just deeply reconnect with your passion.
I actually spent a weekend – one that I remember quite fondly – doing nothing but reading. I read two long books and a short one, dumping about eleven hours each day into it.
I realized at the end of the weekend that I truly loved reading – and, more importantly, it didn't actually involve buying anything. I reconnected with the real core of that passion, separate from the buying.
It made me realize how much buying had become a substitute for my true enjoyment. Every time after that, whenever I'd spend time thinking about buying a book, I'd wonder why I wasn't just spending that time enjoying a book instead.
Step Four: Look Ahead
When you want something, record it instead of buying it.
Naturally, as a passionate reader, I often hear about books that I might want to read but can't necessarily buy right now.
The temptation is there to buy it right away before I forget it, but simply keeping a to-read list sates much of that desire. I just add interesting books to my to-read list when I hear about them. When I look at that list, the ones I added first are at the top of the list, while the newest additions are at the bottom.
What happens quite often is that I'll see a book I once wanted to read and I no longer find it interesting, so I just cross it off of the list. That's far better than having to deal with a book that I paid for and is now sitting in my hands, because then I have to find a way to get rid of that book and I'm probably taking a loss on it.
Usually, just the simple act of adding the book to that list sates my desire to acquire the book because I know that if I still want to read it in a while, it will be there on that list.
Step Five: Catalogue Your Experiences
When you keep track of your actual achievements regarding your passion, it feels deeply fulfilling.
A list of books I've read blows away a list of books I want to read or a list of books I own, for example. Writing short reviews of the books as I complete them is a lot of fun, plus I share the list with friends so they can see the books I really liked (and the ones I didn't). They sometimes ask questions about them, too, whereas they couldn't care less about a list of books I'd like to read.
A collection of things you achieved is something that just feels really good every time you add to it and every time you review it.
Final Thoughts
I stick with the example of books throughout this article, but the same idea works for everything that you find yourself spending money on without using, whether it's trading cards or journals. So often, it's just a cheap substitute for the experience because you lament the time you no longer have for that hobby. Recognize that shift and seek to reconnect with the hobby itself and you'll be a lot happier.
By Suzanne York, www.howmany.org
According to a new report from the Asian Development Bank (ADB), Pakistan is “one of the most water-stressed countries in the world, not far from being classified, ‘water-scarce'.”
This has huge implications for the world's sixth most populous country, which currently stands at 182 million people. Projections released last month by the United Nations show that number is expected to hit 271 million by 2050. A growing population cannot be ignored in a nation with great security and terrorism concerns, high rate of gender inequality, a growing risk of climate impacts and a history of nuclear stand-offs with India. Throw in resource shortages and things get very dicey.
The ADB report states that “At present, Pakistan's storage capacity is limited to a 30-day supply, well below the recommended 1,000 days for countries with a similar climate. Climate change is affecting snowmelt and reducing flows into the Indus River, the main supply source.”
While there is little that can be done to magically create more water, conserving and using what exists of this most precious of resources more efficiently is one solution, along with supporting greater human rights, especially for women.
Conserving Valuable Resources
The ADB calls for increases in storage capacity to manage periods of low snowmelt and low rainfall, as well as the rehabilitation of the distribution system to reduce losses. Pakistan also suffers from much erosion due to high rates of deforestation and will need to increase forest areas through reforestation.
The building of dams on the Indus and other Himalayan rivers by India have already created serious political tensions that call for intervention by world governments. Fair and equitable treaties on water usage in the region should be hammered out.
Pakistan is also relying on inefficient farming techniques. Investment in modernizing some of its agriculture industry is sorely needed, and using better and more efficient irrigation and drainage systems.
Invest in People
Pakistan must do more to empower women and girls. There is a great need to provide family planning services and other healthcare. The total fertility rate in Pakistan is 3.6. Recognizing the rights of women and girls will aid in stabilizing the population; furthermore, women tend to invest in their families and communities and take care of their environment.
Another solution is to provide universal education to girls (and boys). Pakistani Malala Yousafzai, shot by the Taliban for advocating girls' education, just gave a speech to the UN calling on the world to invest in education. In a land where 50 million Pakistanis cannot read or write, two-thirds are women (this is the third highest in the world).
Two-thirds of Pakistanis are less than 30 years old, and the median age is 21. Along with education to better their lives, young people also need jobs. And they need comprehensive family planning and reproductive health services to enable them to make healthy and informed decisions. Sixty-one percent of Pakistanis live on $2 per day or less. The problems of a young, uneducated, and unemployed population will only be exacerbated by water shortages.
Population and Resource Shortages
Aziz Nayani wrote in The Atlantic that “A growing population without the resources it needs to survive, let alone thrive economically, will throw the country into a period of instability that may be far worse than anything we see today.”
The Taliban, nuclear weapons, and unempowered people make for a frightening situation, with or without resource shortages.
Pakistan isn't the only country that needs global attention and investment, but as a large recipient of U.S. foreign aid, more of that money must be directed toward women, men, youth and communities to empower them to effectively confront the looming resource challenges. It is an investment that can't be postponed.
Suzanne York is a senior writer with the Institute for Population Studies.
[photo credits: fieldnotes.unicefusa.org and rferl.org]
Outrage over abuse of women targeted in Tahrir Square as 10 people die and 441 are wounded in the latest violence
Troops and protesters are clashing for the third straight day in Cairo, pelting each other with rocks in skirmishes near parliament in the heart of the Egyptian capital.
At least 10 protesters have been killed and 441 wounded in the three days of violence which began when one of several hundred peaceful protesters staging a sit-in outside the cabinet offices was detained and beaten by troops. The protesters are demanding that the nation's ruling military immediately step down.
Sunday's clashes are taking place as unofficial results from a second round of voting in parliamentary elections show the continued dominance of Islamist parties at the polls. The third and final round of voting is slated for next month.
On Saturday, troops pulled women across the pavement by their hair, knocking off their headscarves. Young activists were kicked in the head until they lay motionless in Tahrir Square, Cairo.
Unfazed by TV cameras catching every move, Egypt's military took a dramatically heavier hand to crush protests against its rule.
The most sustained crackdown yet is possibly a sign that the generals who took power after Hosni Mubarak was ousted in February are confident that the Egyptian public is on its side after two rounds of parliamentary elections, and that Islamist parties winning the vote will stay out of the fight while pro-democracy protesters become more isolated.
Still, the generals risk turning more Egyptians against them, especially from outrage over the abuse of women. Photos and video posted online showed troops pulling up the shirt of one woman protester in a conservative headscarf, leaving her half-naked as they dragged her in the street.
"Do they think this is manly?" Toqa Nosseir, a 19-year-old student, said of the attacks on women. "Where is the dignity?"
Nosseir joined the protest despite her parents' objections because she could not tolerate the clashes she had seen.
"No one can approve or accept what is happening here," she said. "The military council wants to silence all criticism. They want to hold on power ... I will not accept this humiliation just for the sake of stability."
Nearby in Tahrir, protesters held up newspapers with the image of the half-stripped woman on the front page to passing cars, shouting sarcastically: "This is the army that is protecting us."
"Are you not ashamed?" leading reform figure and Nobel Peace laureate Mohamed ElBaradei posted on Twitter in an address to the ruling military council.
Aya Emad said troops dragged her by her headscarf and hair into the cabinet headquarters. The 24-year-old said soldiers kicked her on the ground, an officer shocked her with an electric prod and another slapped her on the face, leaving her nose broken and her arm in a sling.
Mona Seif, an activist who was briefly detained Friday, said she saw an officer repeatedly slapping a detained elderly woman in the face.
"It was a humiliating scene," Seif told the private TV network Al-Nahar. "I have never seen this in my life."
Egypt's new interim prime minister, Kamal al-Ganzouri, defended the military who appointed him, denying it shot protesters. He said gunshot deaths were caused by other attackers he didn't identify. He accused the protesters of being "anti-revolution".
Among those shot dead in the crackdown was an eminent cleric from Al-Azhar, Egypt's most respected religious institution. At the funeral Saturday of Sheik Emad Effat, who was 52, thousands chanted "retribution, retribution". Some marched from the cemetery to Tahrir to join the clashes.
The main street between Tahrir Square, the epicenter of the anti-Mubarak protests, and the parliament and cabinet buildings where the clashes began early the previous morning looked like a war zone on Saturday. Military police on rooftops pelted protesters below with stones and firebombs and launched truncheon-swinging assaults to drive the crowds back.
Flames leapt from the windows of the state geographical society – a treasure trove of antique scientific books – that was hit by firebombs in the melee. Some youths tried to rescue books from the fire.
Young activists put helmets or buckets on their heads or grabbed sheets of concrete and even satellite dishes as protection against the stones hailing down from the roofs. The streets were strewn with chunks of concrete, stones, broken glass, burned furniture and peddlers' carts as clashes continued to rage after nightfall.
The clashes began early Friday with a military assault on a three-week-old sit-in outside the cabinet building by protesters demanding the military hand over power immediately to civilians.
More than a week of heavy fighting erupted in November, leaving more than 40 dead – but that was largely between police and protesters, with the military keeping a low profile.
In the afternoon, military police charged into Tahrir, swinging truncheons and long sticks, briefly chasing out protesters and setting fire to their tents. Footage broadcast on the private Egyptian CBC television network showed soldiers beating two protesters with sticks, repeatedly stomping on the head of one, leaving the motionless bodies on the pavement.
They trashed a field hospital set up by protesters, swept into buildings where television crews were filming and briefly detained journalists. They tossed the camera and equipment of an Al-Jazeera TV crew off the balcony of a building.
A journalist who was briefly detained said he was beaten with sticks and fists while being led to into the parliament building. Inside, he saw a group of detained young men and one woman. Each was surrounded by six or seven soldiers beating him or her with sticks or steel bars or giving electric shocks with prods.
"Blood covered the floor, and an officer was telling the soldiers to wipe the blood," said the journalist, who asked not to be identified for security concerns.
The military's violence suggests it feels emboldened. Two rounds of voting – last weekend and in late November – have been held for Egypt's lower house of parliament, and millions of Egyptians turned out for the freest and fairest elections in the country's modern history.
The generals appear to be betting that Egyptians engaged in elections have had enough of the multiple protests since Mubarak's fall and want quiet.
One man arguing with activists in the square said he opposed protests. "Elections were the first step. This was a beginning to stability," said Ahmed Abdel-Samei, 29. "Now we are going 10 steps back."
The military shrugged off criticism from a civilian advisory panel that it created only last week to show it was consulting with others. The generals gave no comment after the panel announced it was suspending its operations in protest and demanded the army apologise for the violence.
New research from the Czech Republic finds people can accurately judge intelligence by looking at faces of men, but not women.
Can you tell whether someone is smart just be looking at them? It sounds preposterous, but new research from the Czech Republic suggests you can—if the subject in question is a man.
The results of a just-published study “suggest that a perceiver can accurately gauge the real intelligence of men, but not women, by viewing their faces in photographs,” writes a research team led by Karel Kleisner of Charles University in Prague.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The study, in the journal PLoS One, reports people tend to associate certain facial traits with high intelligence. The researchers report these notions “represent nothing but a cultural stereotype,” but some still-unidentified visual cues apparently point them in the right direction.
"The strong halo effect of attractiveness may thus prevent an accurate assessment of the intelligence of women."
The study featured 160 participants who looked at photographs of 80 Czech university students (40 men and 40 women). The images were close-ups of the students' faces, which featured a neutral, non-smiling expression, and were devoid of jewelry and cosmetics.
Each of the pictured students completed a Czech version of the Intelligence Structure Test, which utilizes a variety of tools to measure different types of intelligence (including IQ).
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Using as much time as needed, each participant rated all 80 faces for either intelligence or attractiveness, using a one-to-seven (highest to lowest) scale. The researchers then averaged the intelligence and attractiveness scores each student received.
“Our raters (men and women alike) were able to estimate intelligence with an accuracy higher than chance from static facial photographs of men, but not from photos of women,” the researchers report.
Specifically, they write, “two factors of general intelligence were significantly associated with perceived intelligence from men's faces: fluid intelligence and figural intelligence. Fluid intelligence is the capacity to logically solve problems independent of acquired knowledge. Figurative intelligence describes the ability to handle objects such as images, patterns and shapes.”
Clearly, the research (if successfully replicated) leaves us with two big questions: What presumably unconscious mental process allows people to spot intelligence? And whatever this technique turns out to be, why doesn't it work when we're judging women?
The researchers rule out “shape variability” as the signal, but don't have a good alternative answer. “We can speculate about attributions of intelligence based on particular configurations of eyes or gaze, color of eyes, hair and skin, or skin texture,” they write.
On the inability to accurately judge women's intelligence, the researchers point to several possibilities. Perhaps, they write, cues of higher intelligence are apparent only in men's faces “due to some genetic and developmental association to sex-steroid hormonal agents during puberty.”
“Another option is that women are pervasively judged according to their attractiveness,” they add. “The strong halo effect of attractiveness may thus prevent an accurate assessment of the intelligence of women.”
Determining the truth will require a lot of hard work by very intelligent people. Have you seen any?
Every year, some smart folks at leading US colleges put together some key technological innovations with a savvy business plan and go for the MIT Clean Energy Prize (MIT CEP). Recently, we reported on the finalists hoping to go home with this year's $200,000 Grand Prize winnings. Now–drum roll, please–we have a winner: C3Nano from Stanford University.
Founded by by students Ajay Virkar and Melbs LeMieux, C3Nano is a start-up built around a new transparent electrode material that they believe will make photovoltaic solar panels cheaper and more efficient. The major market for such a technology is, of course, the burgeoning solar industry, but there are other potential applications as well, including touch-screen electronic devices.
The MIT CEP is organized and run by students enrolled in MIT's science and engineering schools as well as those from MIT Sloan School of Management, and over the past two years, it has helped launch more than a dozen companies that have raised in excess of $65 million in private and government funding.
The PyCon team is happy to announce that registration for the March 2013 conference have opened at https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/ - note however, there have been some changes this year.
Early bird rates are available for the first 1000 registrations, which is a departure from previous time-based systems. With PyCon 2012 having been a quick sell out, we're expecting this one to be the same. Keep in mind that attendance is strictly limited to 2500 attendees. We recommend not waiting.
Individual and corporate ticket prices remain the same as they have been for the last few years, with early bird rates of $300 and $450 respectively. The regular rates of $350 and $600 for individual and corporate are still an incredible deal. Sponsorship of PyCon includes conference passes - and in many cases those passes pay for the sponsorship itself!
For 2013 we've reduced the cost to students by 50%, bringing the early bird rate to $100 with a regular rate of $125.
Providing a more affordable conference experience for students is a priority for the organizers and the Python Software Foundation, and we're hoping the decrease helps bring more of them to the conference.
We've also increased our financial aid program, and hope to assist more attendees for PyCon 2013! You can apply for financial aid through the new consolidated form.
We've already announced the awesome line up of Keynote speakers and a free workshop for our budding Pythonistas. Registration for the PyCon 2013 Fun Run is also open - and all proceeds from the Fun Run will go to the John Hunter Memorial Fund and American Cancer Society.
Note: We're still accepting proposals for talks and tutorials, with a deadline of September 28 (9 days from now!). Poster proposals are accepted through January 15, 2013. For more information, see https://us.pycon.org/2013/speaking/cfp/.
If your company is interested in sponsorship, we need you. Sponsors are what make PyCon a possibility, and sponsorship offers some great values to the generous organizations who support the conference. Check out https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/whysponsor/ to find out what you get out of sponsorship, with a prospectus at https://us.pycon.org/2013/sponsors/prospectus/. Contact Jesse Noller with any sponsorship inquiries.
Metabones Speed Booster ULTRA 0.71x M43 with Autofocus Press Release
(Download PDF version: Press Release here / Speed Booster ULTRA for M43 Whitepaper here) Petersburg, VA, USA, July 24, 2015: Caldwell Photographic Inc. and Metabones® are pleased to announce a new Speed Booster ULTRA series of focal reducing adapters designed for Micro Four Thirds mirrorless cameras. Like the ULTRA series for Sony E-mount, the new Speed Booster ULTRA m43 uses an advanced 5-element 4-group optical design incorporating ultra-high index tantalum-based optical glass. However, the new design is specifically optimized for the Micro Four Thirds sensor and filter stack, and as a result achieves an astonishing level of performance that sets a new standard for focal reducers. Like the revolutionary original Metabones Speed Booster® announced in January 2013, the Speed Booster ULTRA m43 has a magnification of 0.71x, and so it effectively reduces the crop factor of mirrorless Micro Four Thirds mount cameras from 2.0x to 1.4x. However, the new ULTRA design makes very effective use of exotic materials at the furthest limit of glassmaking technology, and as a result is almost perfectly corrected for use with all fullframe SLR lenses regardless of aperture. The Speed Booster ULTRA m43 will also work extremely well with many DX and APS-C format lenses provided the image circle of the lens is large enough. Optical performance of the new Speed Boosters is so good that the MTF of any lens attached to it will be improved. Even the latest generation of ultra-high performance SLR lenses such as the Zeiss Otus series can be improved by adding a Speed Booster ULTRA m43. Figures 2 through 4 below show MTF at 10, 20, and 40 lp/mm as a function of image height for output apertures of f/0.9, f/1.0, and f/2.0, respectively1. At the maximum aperture of f/0.90 (i.e., with an f/1.2 master lens) the sharpness and contrast are extraordinary across the entire image circle. At just one-third stop down to f/1.0 the performance is equal to or better than the best photographic lenses used at their optimum apertures. An additional stop down to f/2.0 yields performance that is rarely encountered in photographic optics. In practice, what all of this means is that the new Speed Boosters will always enhance and never degrade the performance of the attached master lens. And other aspects of optical performance haven't been sacrificed in order to obtain high MTF, either. Figure 5 shows that there is less than 1 stop of corner illumination falloff even wide-open at f/0.9. There is no vignetting at all after the output aperture reaches f/2.82. Figure 6 shows that rectilinear distortion added by the Speed Booster ULTRA m43 is negligible at less than 0.7%. The charts shown in Figures 2 through 6 below show the optical performance of the Speed Booster ULTRA m43 when mounted behind an ideal “perfect” lens. Like all Metabones Speed Boosters, the Speed Booster ULTRA m43 is optimized to correctly account for the camera's filter stack located near the sensor surface3. This is especially critical at the extremely large apertures made possible by Speed Booster technology. As a result of this careful optimization, an enormous range of full-frame optics, ranging from vintage film lenses to the latest digital designs, will function flawlessly when adapted to Micro Four Thirds camera bodies.
Figure 1: Speed Booster ULTRA m43 design layout
Figure 4: MTF at 10, 20, and 40 lp/mm for f/2
Figure 2: MTF at 10, 20, and 40 lp/mm for f/0.90
Figure 5: Relative illumination
Figure 3: MTF at 10, 20 and 40 lp/mm for f/1.0
Figure 6: Distortion
The Speed Booster ULTRA for Micro Four Thirds will be available starting in July 2015 from the Metabones website and its worldwide dealer network for US $649 (Canon EF mount) and US $479 (Nikon F/G mount), plus shipping and applicable taxes and duties. Additional lens mounts are being developed and will be released in the near future.
Autofocus with an Optimum Balance of Accuracy, Speed, Consistency and Reliability
New in Speed Booster ULTRA for Canon EF Mount to Micro Four Thirds is autofocus on Panasonic camera bodies, subject to certain limitations (see specifications for details). We are pleased to report that Panasonic Micro Four Thirds camera bodies are capable of autofocusing accurately even if the maximum aperture of the Speed Booster and the lens combined is in the sub-f/1.0 range. Although our first and foremost priority is accuracy, we are able to make great strides in autofocus speed as well, which is significantly faster than a DSLR Four Thirds lens on a Panasonic Micro Four Thirds camera (with adapter), or our E-mount offerings on Sony cameras prior to Alpha 7R II. For existing Metabones patrons with any previously released Canon EF to Micro Four Thirds mount Speed Boosters and Smart Adapters, a firmware update (Windows/Mac) to add autofocus is available for download on Metabones' web site.
Measured MTF Using a 55mm Zeiss Otus as the Master Lens:
The MTF curve in Figure 3 indicates that the Speed Booster ULTRA m43 has truly phenomenal performance at f/1.0, which is the output aperture you will get when the master lens is set to f/1.4. Extremely low levels of aberration in the Speed Booster ULTRA m43 combined with the aberration-reducing tendency inherent in focal reducers means that even extremely high performing lenses such as the renowned Zeiss Otus series can actually be improved! This is illustrated in the pair of measured MTF graphs below in Figure 7.
Figure 7: Measured MTF of a 55mm Zeiss Otus without (left) and with (right) Speed Booster ULTRA m43 at f/1.4 and f/1.0, respectively at 10 lp/mm and 30 lp/mm.
The 55mm f/1.4 Zeiss Otus is widely recognized as perhaps the finest large aperture photographic lens ever produced, and yet the Speed Booster ULTRA m43 transforms it into a 39mm f/1.0 lens with even higher MTF. In fact, the resulting combination is likely the highest-performing f/1.0-class photographic lens available to the public.
Metabones EF-M43 T Speed Booster ULTRA 0.71x Pictures:
Metabones Speed Booster ULTRA m43 Specifications:
Model Code: MB_SPEF-m43-BT4 (Canon EF mount), MB_SPNFG-m43-BM3 (Nikon F/G mount)
Color: Black Satin exterior; Black Matte interior
Magnification: 0.71x
Crop Factor for Full Micro Four Thirds format: 1.42x
Crop Factor with GH4 in Cinema 4k (4096 x 2160) Video Mode: 1.66x
Maximum Output Aperture: f/0.90 (with f/1.2 lens attached)
Rectilinear Distortion: < 0.7%
Lens Elements/Groups: 5/4
Length Reduction: 5.5 mm
Camera Mount: Micro Four Thirds
Compatibility: All Micro Four Thirds cameras are supported
Image Format: 17.3 mm x 13.0 mm (full Micro Four Thirds format)
Lens Mounts: Canon EF and Nikon F/G at release; other mounts to follow in the near future
Lens Compatibility: Any full-frame (36 mm x 24 mm format) SLR lens with the appropriate mount can be used. DX format lenses can be mounted but may result in vignetting when the full Micro Four Thirds format is used, depending on the lens. DX lenses are fully supported when used on the Panasonic GH4 in Cinema 4k mode, and will function without abnormal vignetting. Canon EF-S lenses are not supported, but third-party EF-mount APS-C lenses can be mounted and will have full electronic functionality.
Autofocus supported for Canon EF version subject to the following known limitations:
Contrast-detect autofocus support on Panasonic cameras only. AFC (continuous AF) and AFF (flexible AF) modes are not supported. Video AF may hunt more than a native lens. Autofocus is not supported with previous generation Tamron VC lenses and Contax N lenses modified to EF mount by Conurus Canada. (Newer Tamron lenses such as the 24-70/2.8 VC A007 and 70-200/2.8 VC A009 work fine.) Switching from manual focus or full-time manual focus (FTM) to autofocus may occasionally result in focus failing to lock or inaccurate focus. Activating autofocus for a second time will resolve this issue. AF accuracy is lens-dependent.
Accurate Inaccurate Canon EF20-35mm f/3.5-4.5 USM Canon EF24-105mm f/4L IS USM Canon EF35-80mm f/4-5.6 Canon EF40mm f/2.8 STM Canon EF50mm f/1.2L USM Canon EF50mm f/1.4 USM Canon EF70-200mm f/2.8L IS II USM Canon EF70-300mm f/4-5.6L IS USM Canon EF85mm f/1.2L II USM Canon EF100mm f/2.8 USM macro Sigma 18-35mm f/1.8 DC Art Sigma 18-125mm f/3.8-5.6 DC HSM Tamron SP 24-70mm f/2.8 Di VC USD A007 Tamron SP 70-200mm f/2.8 Di VC USD A009 Tokina AT-X PRO 11-16mm f/2.8 DXII Canon EF50mm f/1.8 II Canon EF200mm f/2.8L II USM Sigma 50mm f/1.4 EX HS
Special Features: Long-throw clickless aperture ring on Nikon F/G version; IS lens support, IBIS camera support, auto-exposure and in-camera aperture selection with Canon EF version.
Dimensions: 25 x 76 x 72mm for Canon EF version
Weight: 161 grams for Canon EF version
Tripod Mount: Robust removable type with Arca Swiss compatibility
Price: From USD $449 to $649 depending on lens mount.
Notes:
Tomb of the Duke of Wellington (1769-1852)
Explore St Paul's Cathedral - Virtual Tour
© 2007 Armchair Travel Co. Ltd. - This page may be used for non-commercial purposes ONLY!
Save as Microsoft Print
Word document
Arthur Wellesley, first Duke of Wellington, was laid to rest in St Paul's in a great ceremony on the eighteenth of November 1852.
It was one of the most spectacular public events in London in the nineteenth century.
The body of the dead military commander left his London home, Apsley House, in a vast procession which slowly passed through the streets of London, until arriving at the West End of St Paul's.
There the body was received by the Bishop and the Dean, with clergy and choir, at the West Door, and conducted to the central area under the Dome.
The pall was borne by eight of the most distinguished general officers who had survived the wars of their great commander. Henry H. Milman was Dean of St Paul's at this time, and it was at his suggestion that a state funeral should be held under the Dome, rather than in the Quire.
Special lighting was placed in the Dome, incorporating gas jets placed beneath the Whispering Gallery. Preparation time was desperately short, and, as the Dean himself tells us, it was all a bit of a scramble.
"The interior was to have been entirely dark, except for artificial light... But daylight was, from haste, but imperfectly excluded, and the solemn effect... was somewhat marred. On the morning of the funeral hundreds of workmen had to be dismissed from the Cathedral."
- Dean Milman
Tiers of temporary seating were constructed, to accommodate a congregation of 13,000, which crowded every available space.
Both Houses of Parliament attended in full, and a huge contingent of foreign and British dignitaries and civic authorities.
The service was the office of burial as found in the Prayer Book, accompanied by the music of Purcell and Croft.
The huge congregation was asked to repeat the Lord's Prayer - a sound which Dean Milman said was in the Biblical phrase 'like the roar of many waters'.
Then came the moment for the Duke's coffin to be lowered, through a hole specially made in the floor of the Cathedral, to the Crypt. This print shows it descending precariously towards the black sarcophagus of a previous arrival at the Cathedral: Admiral Nelson. In the Dean's words: "the gradual disappearance of the coffin, as it slowly sank into the vault below, was a sight which will hardly pass from the memory of those who witnessed it."
The Duke's body lies inside a massive sarcophagus of Cornish porphyry with gilt letters, which rests on a block of unpolished Peterhead granite, carved to show four sleeping lions. This was completed six years later, in 1858 by F.C. Penrose, who was also responsible for the four massive candlesticks which stand at its four corners, and the mosaic floor.
Danny Trevathan's helmet-to-helmet hit on Davante Adams will cost him some playing time.
The Chicago Bears linebacker was suspended two games by the league for a violation of player safety rules. Trevathan was penalized Thursday night for a third-quarter hit on the Packers wide receiver, which resulted in Adams being taken to a hospital and diagnosed with a concussion.
The league said that Trevathan violated Rule 12, Section 2, Article 6 (i) which states that "there shall be no unnecessary roughness. This shall include, but will not be limited to: (i) using any part of a player's helmet or facemask to butt, spear, or ram an opponent violently or unnecessarily."
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported, per a source involved, that Trevathan is appealing his suspension. The hearing is this week, Rapoport added.
Trevathan is eligible to return to team activities on October 16, the day following Chicago's Week 6 game against the Baltimore Ravens. Christian Jones and John Timu should see increased playing time at inside linebacker with Trevathan out.
Speaking to reporters after the game, Trevathan said he wasn't trying to intentionally hurt Adams.
"I was just trying to make a play. It wasn't intentional. I was just trying to do my job and he ended up getting hurt," Trevathan said. "I'm sorry about that and I'm going to reach out to him."
Trevathan said he didn't believe he should be suspended for the hit.
"I don't think it should be a suspension, but you never know," he said. "I'm just going to send a prayer out. My main concern was that he's OK."
Technologies > JavaScript Libraries > by Ranking Usage of JavaScript libraries broken down by ranking This diagram shows the percentages of websites using various JavaScript libraries broken down by ranking. Cross-technology reports only include technologies with more than 1% usage to ensure statistical significance of the results. See technologies overview for explanations on the methodologies used in the surveys. How to read the diagram:
jQuery is used by 97.3% of all the websites whose JavaScript library we know.
jQuery is used by 96.6% of all the websites whose JavaScript library we know and that rank in the top 1,000,000. jQuery 97.3% 96.6% 95.5% 94.3% 91.8% Bootstrap 24.5% 24.3% 22.3% 18.3% 11.2% Modernizr 14.9% 13.3% 11.5% 10.9% 9.1% Underscore 3.9% 3.1% 2.3% 2.2% 1.6% MooTools 3.0% 2.0% 1.0% 0.5% 0.2% W3Techs.com, 26 February 2019 Overall Overall top 1,000,000 top 1,000,000 top 100,000 top 100,000 top 10,000 top 10,000 top 1,000 top 1,000 Percentages of websites using various JavaScript libraries broken down by ranking
Note: a website may use more than one JavaScript library More details You can find complete breakdown reports of 44 JavaScript libraries in our JavaScript libraries market reports. Share this page
Technology Brief JavaScript Libraries provide a basis for building cross-browser web applications based on JavaScript.
Latest related posting read all Web Technologies of the Year 2018
2 January 2019 We compiled the list of web technologies that saw the largest increase in usage in the last year. » more
advertise here
Our Book Recommendation
Matt Serra Says Only a Small Percentage of Fighters Don't Use PEDs
Former UFC welterweight champion Matt Serra is still a very busy man. With a brand-new daughter and another location of Serra BJJ opening up soon, he barely has time to make the sauce for his wife's pasta.
One thing he's not too busy for, is to weigh in on the recent issues of performance enhancing drugs that have plagued all sports, but particularly MMA, of late. When asked his thoughts on the subject, Serra had several things to say.
“It's wrong man, it's really wrong. Let me tell you something. I got to the title without doing anything. I didn't use anything,” Serra commented. “Me and BJ Penn are in that small percentage that don't do (expletive). There are a lot of guys that are considered legends, and they're doing the GH and doing this and that, and it's obvious, it's freaking obvious.”
Serra points out that the danger of performance enhancing drugs can lead to serious injury, as well as simply giving fighters an unfair advantage in a fight.
“It's one thing if you're fighting for an hour, but you got 15 minutes in there. There are certain teams out there that look like they got a freaking chemist assigned to them,” said Serra. “It's not that I want to judge anybody, but hey man, I'm fighting these people. Next thing you know you're in there fighting a guy with unlimited energy that looks like a He-Man figure. I don't give a (expletive) if it's happening in baseball, but when a guy can kick your head off, someone can get hurt. There's a chance for serious bodily harm.”
Serra's Career and Weight
While he doesn't currently have a bout set up for the immediate future, Serra claims he's not done fighting yet, despite the chemistry going on in the sport.
“I'm like herpes. I'm not going anywhere,” Serra said. “Like Rocky 6, I've still got some (expletive) in the basement.”
On the subject of his weight, he says he's currently on the wrong side of 200 pounds, but that he loses weight easily. UFC president Dana White even took a jab at Serra's heavier set self at the UFC 133 post fight press conference when speaking about his student, Costas Philippou, training with a heavyweight.
He says he needs three months, solid, to prepare for a fight, and if the right offer comes along, he'd be ready, possibly by December. Questioning about opponents he'd be interested in fighting led to some discussion of Brian Ebersole.
Serra commented that he heard Ebersole was interested in fighting him, and it's a fight he'd happily accept.
“I think that would be an interesting fight because the guy does freaking cartwheels in there. It'll be a freak show,” Serra stated. “The guy is six-foot-one so I might be below his arrow.”
Matt closed by giving his thoughts on the upcoming bout between Georges St-Pierre vs. Nick Diaz. He feels that St-Pierre won't be able to match Diaz's striking or jiu-jitsu, and said that the only way he saw GSP winning is with takedowns and wrestling.
To hear the full interview check out MMAWeekly.com content partner TapouT Radio's interview with Matt Serra (@MattSerraUFC)
If you like to pile up your plate, you're much better off doing it at breakfast.
According to a Tel Aviv University study, human metabolism is significantly impacted by our body clock — the circadian rhythm that manages our body's biological processes over each 24-hour cycle.
Eating a big breakfast jumpstarts metabolic processes and keeps them high all day. And according to the study, by Daniela Jakubowicz of TAU's Sackler Faculty of Medicine and the Diabetes Unit at Holon's Wolfson Medical Center, those who eat their largest daily meal at breakfast are far more likely to lose weight and waistline circumference than those who eat a large dinner.
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
To determine the impact of timing on weight loss and health, Jakubowicz and her fellow researchers, Julio Wainstein of TAU and Maayan Barnea and Oren Froy of Hebrew University, conducted a study in which 93 obese women were randomly assigned to two groups, each of which was given a diet of moderate-carbohydrate and moderate-fat foods with a daily total of 1,400 calories. The results of the study were published in a recent edition of the medical journal Obesity.
The difference between the groups was in their “calorie timing”: The first group ate 700 of their allotted calories at breakfast, 500 at lunch, and 200 at dinner, while the second group ate a 200-calorie breakfast, a 500-calorie lunch, and 700-calorie dinner. As a further control, the 700-calorie breakfast or dinner for each group included the same foods.
While members of both groups lost weight as expected, as all participants had significantly reduced their calorie consumption, the 12-week study showed that when they ate those calories had a big impact on weight loss. Those who ate the big breakfast lost an average of 17.8 pounds each and three inches off their waistline, while those in the big dinner group lost only 7.3 pounds and 1.4 inches off their waistline.
In addition, said Jakubowicz, those in the big-breakfast group were found to have significantly lower levels of the hunger-regulating hormone ghrelin, an indication that they were more satiated and had less desire for snacking later in the day than their counterparts in the big-dinner group.
The big breakfast group also showed a more significant decrease in insulin, glucose, and triglyceride levels than those in the big dinner group. More importantly, they did not experience the high spikes in blood glucose levels that typically occur after a meal. Peaks in blood sugar levels are considered even more harmful than sustained high blood glucose levels, causing high blood pressure and greater strain on the heart and eventually leading to strokes or heart attacks, according to medical researchers.
The best part of Jakubowicz's findings: Breakfast doesn't have to be just a bowl of oatmeal or granola. Participants in the study were given some “high risk” items with their big breakfasts, including cookies or cake, and they still experienced the benefits of increased metabolism throughout the day. They also showed significantly lower levels of insulin, glucose, and triglycerides, translating into a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension, and high cholesterol, the study showed.
Jakubowicz has been studying calorie timing for several years. In a 2012 study published in the journal Steroids, Jakubowicz and her team found that people trying to lose weight were better off not only eating a big breakfast, but also indulging in some “forbidden foods” they were probably trying to avoid, like sweets. Over the course of a 32-week study, participants who added dessert to their breakfast — cookies, cake, or chocolate — lost an average of 40 pounds more than a group that avoided such foods. They also kept off the pounds longer.
In that study, 193 clinically obese, non-diabetic adults were randomly assigned to one of two diet groups with identical caloric intake — with the men consuming 1,600 calories per day and the women 1,400. The first group was given a low carbohydrate diet including a small 300-calorie breakfast, and the second was given a 600-calorie breakfast high in protein and carbohydrates, always including a dessert item (e.g., chocolate).
Halfway through the study, participants in both groups had lost an average of 33 pounds per person, again consistent with the far lower calorie intake the diet provided. But in the second half of the study, results differed drastically. The participants in the low-carbohydrate group, unable to withstand temptation any longer, began cheating on their diet and regained an average of 22 pounds. Participants in the group with a larger breakfast, however, lost another 15 pounds apiece. At the end of the 32 weeks, those who had consumed a 600-calorie breakfast had lost an average of 40 pounds more per person than their peers.
Thirty-two weeks is a long time to go without goodies, it seems, and according to Jakubowicz, the results of the the 2012 study show that denying oneself won't work in the long run.
“The participants in the low carbohydrate diet group had less satisfaction, and felt that they were not full,” she said, noting that their cravings for sugars and carbohydrates were more intense and eventually caused them to cheat on the diet plan. “But the group that consumed a bigger breakfast, including dessert, experienced few if any cravings for these foods later in the day.”
Jakubowicz's study corroborates findings from another study conducted over the past two years led by Dr. Craig Johnston, assistant professor of pediatrics at Baylor College of Medicine. In that study, 70 teenagers were offered a cereal breakfast each morning, received nutrition education once per week and exercised four times per week. They were also provided a nutritious snack before leaving school.
After six months, the group of adolescents had significantly lowered their body mass index, a result that persisted even two years later, with the teens who had eaten breakfast consistently maintaining lower BMI than a test group that had been given a manual on how to lose weight.
The two studies are part of a growing body of evidence that proves the old adage that “breakfast is the most important meal of the day” — even if it includes chocolate cake for dessert.
Italian luxury goods maker Gucci has sent warning letters to Hong Kong shops selling paper versions of its products as offerings to the dead.
Paper replicas of items like mansions, cars, iPads and luxury bags are burnt in the belief that deceased relatives can use them in the afterlife.
Demand for these products is highest during the Qingming "tomb-sweeping" festival, which happened last month.
The shops were sent letters but there was no suggestion of legal action.
"We fully respect the funeral context and we trust that the store owners did not have the intention to infringe Gucci's trademark," Gucci Hong Kong said in a statement.
"Thus a letter was sent on an informational basis to let these stores know about the products they were carrying, and by asking them to stop selling those items."
An afterlife in paper - Juliana Liu, BBC News, Hong Kong
The ancient tradition of venerating one's ancestors, even after death, is alive and well in the Chinese speaking world. It is based on the idea that these spirits continue to influence the lives of the living.
If you want to avoid bad luck, the belief goes, then you'd better keep your ancestors happy.
How? Traditionally, it was by regularly tending their graves, bringing them fresh fruit and gourmet food and drink and burning joss paper. Also known as "hell money" or "ghost money", they are pieces of paper money in outrageous denominations, which are meant for use in the afterlife.
And these days, devotees can burnish their reputation with their deceased ancestors by offering items that many were never able to enjoy while still alive: luxury cars with European drivers, brand-name clothing. One of the best sellers at these shops are enormous villas complete with swimming pools, multiple car garages and Western domestic helpers.
Gucci has not said which shops or how many had received the letter.
In Hong Kong, some of the shops that had reportedly received the letters had removed their Gucci wares. But other brands, including Louis Vuitton, Yves St Laurent, Burberry and New Balance were still on sale.
Hong Kong residents shared a mixture of comedy and scorn on social media.
"Does Gucci want to open branches in the underworld?" Vincent Charles asked.
Sammi Ng said on Facebook: "Maybe Gucci should launch their own paper offering products."
Sai Ken made reference to Gucci pricing: "Living people cannot afford (Gucci products), and they still do not let you own Gucci products after death!"
Another of those brave but ultimately unrewarding displays from the underdog at the Rugby World Cup. But the USA gave us more.
Yes, the limited Eagles were in the contest until midway through the second half. Yes, they were over run in the closing stages by a far more accomplished Irish team.
Pretty much sums up most of the matches at the tournament so far.
But it was hard not to admire the sheer defiance of a side clearly playing on emotion for large chunks.
As was acknowledged with the minute's silence before kickoff, the match was played on the 10-year anniversary of the 9/11 tragedy in the United States.
Just hours before the game, the US players were paying tribute to those who lost their lives in the terrorist attacks at a memorial service.
The solemn faces as they filed in and out of St Andrews Presbyterian church this afternoon suggested rugby wasn't on their mind.
It certainly was by the time they hit Stadium Taranaki, tackling manfully against far more adept opponents. Keeping the final margin to just 12 points is something few would have anticipated from a side selected from lower-division competitions around the globe.
After contributing to his team tackle tally of more than 100, US skipper Todd Clever afterwards acknowledged the crowd support and fight of his team.
"In the grand scheme of things, this is a game and we're talking about thousands and thousands of lives... thanks to everybody."
Ironically the US might come face to face with something similar when they play their "Cold War" match against Russia at the same ground on Thursday.
The Russians have openly stated their anguish at the airline tragedy in their country this week that claimed the lives of almost an entire professional ice hockey team.
It's emotion which could translate into another memorable game of rugby a world away.
Myth #1: This Amendment does not cover pre-existing conditions.
FACT: The MacArthur Amendment explicitly maintains protections for pre-existing conditions. NO STATE, under ANY circumstances, may ever obtain a waiver for guaranteed issue of coverage, guaranteed renewability of coverage, or the prohibition on denying coverage due to pre-existing conditions. The amendment specifically clarifies that its provisions cannot be construed as allowing insurers to limit coverage for those with pre-existing conditions. All of these protections will remain the law.
Myth #2: This Amendment will price those with pre-existing conditions out of the market, making health care unaffordable for them.
FACT: The amendment's limited waiver for health rating requires states to set up a program for high-risk individuals or premium stabilization, or to participate in the federal invisible risk sharing program. No state may obtain a waiver for health status unless it has taken these efforts to protect those who might be affected. In states with a waiver, individuals who maintain continuous coverage could not be rated based on health status.
Myth #3: High-risk pools have traditionally been underfunded by states and the federal government, resulting in poor coverage and high costs for those who need insurance the most.
FACT: The AHCA sets aside $100 billion over ten years to help states with high-risk pools and other innovations. It sets aside an additional $15 billion specifically for maternity care, mental health care, and substance abuse treatment. And it sets aside an ADDITIONAL $15 billion for a federal invisible risk-sharing program -- another innovative way to help people access affordable coverage.
Myth #4: Under this amendment, States do not have to cover essential health benefits.
FACT: This amendment ensures essential health benefits are the federal law of the land and maintains other important protections. States have the option to obtain a waiver regarding federal essential health benefits, but the state must publicly attest its purpose for doing so (to reduce the cost of health care coverage, increase the number of people with health care coverage, etc.) and it must specify the benefits it will require instead of the federal standard. NO STATE, under ANY circumstances, may ever obtain a waiver for pre-existing condition protection, prohibition on gender discrimination, for guaranteed issue and renewability, or for the right of dependents to stay on a family plan up to age 26.
Myth #5: 129 Million Americans have pre-existing conditions and could be denied coverage.
FACT: This legislation addresses the 7% of Americans on the individual market, and those in the small group market. Anyone with employer-provided coverage or government coverage (Medicare, Medicaid, Tricare, VA benefits, etc.) would not be affected. Again, this amendment would not allow any state to deny coverage to those with pre-existing conditions, and would require the extensive protections described above for those with riskier health profiles. It is also worth noting that many states required insurers to offer coverage to those with pre-existing conditions before Obamacare was implemented.
We've been teasing Jinkx Monsoon's upcoming appearance on the CBS crime procedural Blue Bloods for months, and now the episode is finally here. The episode, “Manhattan Queens” is star Donnie Wahlberg's directorial debut and has a decidedly noir-ish feel, with Jinkx playing something of a femme fatale. Typecasting, we tell you!
Here's a synopsis from the show's website:
Danny and Baez investigate the murder of Tiffany Lamp, a popular drag queen from a reality television show who was found murdered in a local park. Meanwhile, Erin reexamines a drug case scheduled for trial after she is abducted by the accused man's mother.
Check out the preview clip and several set photos below. And buckle up for Jinkx's debut on Blue Bloods, this Friday night at 10pm on CBS.
.
Photos: Craig Blankenhorn/CBS
In the aftermath of the James Harden trade, a few executives around the league raised the same question: What if Thunder GM Sam Presti looked at LeBron James reaching his apex and decided taking a small step back this season wouldn't be such a bad thing? Especially if in doing so, the Thunder could recalibrate their personnel to peak when Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook were in their primes — and when LeBron would join Dwyane Wade on the wrong side of the age curve? In other words: It might be best to wait out Miami and the current Lakers core, likely to be together for just two years.
I doubt concerns about Miami or the Lakers ranked anywhere near the luxury tax and the diminishing returns of having three ball-dominant stars in Presti's approach to Harden trade — if such LeBron-centric concerns even popped into his head at all. But the rumblings did get at an issue NBA thinkers kick around a lot: Is it possible or advisable to time your team's rise to avoid overlap with an historically great juggernaut? And more broadly: Should GMs even consider the state of other teams in making their own trades and free agency signings? Should we rip the Sixers or Nuggets for enabling the Dwight Howard era in Los Angeles?
The Nuggets are instructive, because they may be a working example of a team that has decided to punt on possible title contention as Miami enters its LeBron-era prime. In the Nene/JaVale McGee deal, the Nuggets took a massive present-day step back by trading an accomplished veteran big man for perhaps the single biggest unknown in the league — a kook who might have an untapped upside that could emerge, along with Kenneth Faried's jump shot, when LeBron hits 30. The Iguodala deal appears to be a counterexample on the surface, since Denver acquired a current All-Star. But they shipped away two veteran rotation guys to do it (Arron Afflalo is only 21 months younger than Iggy), and if you caught Denver GM Masai Ujiri in an honest moment, I bet he'd cite the long-term salary cap savings brought by that deal as just as big a motivation as Iguodala's elite defense.
The Nuggets are also instructive because they came upon this “wait out Miami” strategy by accident. In Year 1 of LeBron's South Beach experiment, the Nuggets had a franchise superstar who was both unhappy and not really a franchise superstar. They also found an impatient suitor for that superstar in the Knicks, and so they improvised and dealt for a package of young guys and draft picks that suddenly represented their new franchise plan.
And that's the thing: Lots of the teams in “wait out Miami” mode are there through sheer luck or awfulness — or some combination of both. The Hornets and Cavaliers are in perfect position for this strategy, but neither wanted to sacrifice a top-five overall player to get there, and both required Ping-Pong ball fortune to right themselves. The Clippers, conversely, might be coming together at exactly the “wrong” time, but you don't pass up the chance to get a top-five player when it comes around.
Becoming a championship contender is so difficult, and requires so much luck, that rigging the timeline strikes most executives as both a fool's errand and anathema to their competitive instincts. The first step is nabbing a top-10 guy, and that typically involves “winning” a high draft pick in the right draft year and/or hoping the team right above you makes a mistake; the “Thunder model” is not actually a thing, but it wouldn't even be a bogus conceit if not for the existence of Greg Oden. The next steps involve getting higher-than-expected value from a free agent signing or two, and nailing at least one other draft pick outside the top five. The idea of doing all of those things and then somehow artificially delaying the process to account for a mini-dynasty elsewhere is sort of ludicrous.
If you have some pieces, you're almost there, and if you're almost there, you go for it — even if the chances of toppling a superpower are slim. “If you've got even a 5 percent chance to win the title — and that group includes a very small number of teams every year — you've gotta be focused all on winning the title,” says Rockets GM Daryl Morey. Mark Cuban, the Mavs' owner, agrees: “One sprained toe or two, and the competitive landscape changes,” he says. “You don't want to miss that opportunity. You should always put the best team you can on the floor within the parameters you have set for yourself.”
Cuban should know: His 2010-11 Mavs are widely cited as the best recent example of an unlikely champion that went for it anyway, reached a new level at the right time, got a few breaks, and suddenly found themselves holding the Larry O'Brien Trophy. Cuban allowed for the possibility that the new collective bargaining agreement, with its roster-building restrictions for taxpayers, will force some teams to open the vault only when they think an extra bit of spending will get them into that 5 percent group. But that's a different sort of caution than surrendering to the Heat.
It's tough to find even a single team that might be in position to pump the brakes on contention in this sense. But if there's one, it's the Pacers, and even they are (sort of) an example of why this kind of thinking exists more in the realm of theory. The Pacers are a very nice team with a 25-year-old maxed-out center (Roy Hibbert), a solid 26-year-old caretaker point guard (George Hill), and a 22-year-old wing (Paul George) who stands as the player who could jump Indiana up a level. This season, they are clearly inferior to a healthy Miami team. If I were Kevin Pritchard or Donnie Walsh, I'd at least kick around the idea of dealing Danny Granger and/or David West now for a first-round pick who (if they're very lucky) might mature into a high-quality starter right when George hits his prime and the Miami guys are well past theirs.
But two real-world concerns kick in:
1. The Pacers' ownership cares deeply about attendance and good community vibes as they cement the franchise's recovery from the Malice at the Palace and the subsequent feel-bad tear-down. To take a temporary step back now would be disastrous and perhaps even irresponsible, and would almost certainly meet with a stern “no chance” from Herb Simon.
2. The Pacers were up 2-1 on Miami in the conference semifinals only five months ago! Wade and Erik Spoelstra were yelling at each other, Chris Bosh was hurt, and there was a real chance Indiana was heading to the Finals. They still lost in six games when James and Wade went bananas, but the Pacers stand as proof that the “5 percent theory” has serious merit. The smartass retort would be that they only had a chance because of Bosh's injury, but that's exactly the point. Luck is always — always — a huge factor in deciding the NBA champion; you'd be hard-pressed to find even a single postseason in which a contender didn't deal with at least one injury that tilted the landscape just a bit.
Luck swings the other way, too. A team intentionally holding back its own ascendancy risks another team nabbing a franchise player through the draft or a trade in the meantime.
The Grizzlies and pre–Danny Ferry Hawks might qualify on the surface, but neither quite works. Any deal to break up the Memphis core this season would qualify more than smart management (in the event Memphis underperforms) than intentional delay; Memphis's four key players are all at least 25 years old — Zach Randolph is 31 — and they raise major luxury tax concerns going forward.
And though it's tempting to see Atlanta, and similar prior examples, as a team that voluntarily took a step back in the face of a powerhouse, the Joe Johnson–era Hawks never proved they were in that “5 percent category.” They were annual conference semifinals roadkill.
Sure, the “go for it” doctrine can create a perennial bridesmaid — the 1990s Jazz, the Seven Seconds or Fewer Suns. But those Utah teams came mighty close to dethroning the unbeatable Bulls (as did the 1997-98 Pacers and the early-1990s Knicks), and Phoenix fans rightfully bring up all the bad luck those teams suffered faster than you can say “Robert Horry.”
Presti has surely at least contemplated the idea that inadvertently taking a small step back wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. But as I wrote after the Harden deal, finances forced Oklahoma City's hand, and within that imposed reality, they sought a middle ground: acquire a solid complementary player that could help the team remain a real championship threat given continued development of the holdover stars, while also clearing the cap sheet and piling up more cheap young assets. Presti had the option to wait — to “go for it” with the same core — but he chose not to. That doesn't mean he's willingly yielding the floor to LeBron.
Ten Things I Like and Don't Like
1. The spacing in Denver.
I was a bit of a Denver skeptic to start, but my skepticism mostly concerned their front-line defense. That was an issue in Denver's exciting loss to Miami over the weekend, but their 116-point explosion in that game only jumped Denver to 22nd in points per possession through Sunday. Their offense sputtered against Philadelphia and Orlando, and it's already clear that Denver is going to struggle to generate spacing for its pick-and-roll attack with Arron Afflalo and Al Harrington gone. Danilo Gallinari has forgotten how to shoot, the starting big man tandem has limited range, and teams just don't pay close attention to Andre Miller, Andre Iguodala, or Corey Brewer behind the 3-point line. Defenders are a step closer to the paint than they were last season, and that step is fatal to driving and passing lanes.
The Nuggets will get better, obviously. George Karl is a brilliant coach, and he's still tinkering with the pieces, playing with his frontcourt rotation and figuring out what the heck Wilson Chandler is. They'll get their fast-break attack in gear once they start generating more turnovers, and those transition chances will result in more free throws — the driving force of Denver's elite offense last season.
But the issues on both sides of the ball are real.
2. Gold jerseys.
Hooray for the Cavaliers' new jerseys, the Pacers' mustard-yellow home numbers, and the golden “NOLA” duds the Hornets break out now and then. Funny thing is, I don't really enjoy yellow or gold in actual life. If you have a yellow car, I'm probably mocking you as you drive by. I don't think I own even one yellow shirt, though an ex-girlfriend forced one upon me years ago.
But on a basketball court, they just work somehow. The Lakers should burn their alternate home whites immediately.
3. The Cavaliers' bench.
My lord, this is ugly. C.J. Miles is shooting 18 percent (4-of-22) and must be happy Rodney Stuckey (1-of-23) is around to deflect some attention. Luke Walton is a nice person and a smart player, but he has no place on an NBA court at this point. Donald Sloan and J.J. Barea will forever be known as the first victims of the league's new anti-flopping rule, and in a stunning upset, Sloan's flop was more humiliatingly ridiculous than Barea's. But, hey, Kyrie Irving is here, Dion Waiters has looked explosive, and Tristan Thompson seems determined to turn himself into an active, impactful defender.
4. The Kyle Lowry experience.
If you don't like watching this guy play, we cannot be friends. Lowry has always been fantastic to watch, flying around the court like a bulldog on speed, harassing opposing point guards, appearing next to shocked big men who suddenly don't have the ball anymore, and raining those moonball 3s that seem to have a high swish percentage.
A week in, Lowry has completely transformed the Raptors into one of the league's most watchable teams. He's shooting almost 60 percent, leading the team in rebounds-per-game (but not per minute), and working as the foundation of intriguing dual point guard lineups that turn Jose Calderon into a dangerous spot-up shooter. More important, he fits this system like a glove. The Raptors want to push the pace on offense and clog the paint above all else on defense, and those twin philosophies give Lowry free rein to run with the ball and help even more aggressively in the lane. So much fun to watch.
5. Spencer Hawes's mullet.
This needs no explanation.
6. Jeremy Lin's off-ball defense.
The early knocks on Lin's defense centered around his alleged lack of quickness and inability to stay in front of opposing point guards. But the larger issues might be off the ball, where Lin is vulnerable to smart back-cuts because of his tendencies to ball-watch and bait opponents into passing to his man as if he were an NFL cornerback with closing speed.
7. Omer Asik's up-and-under game.
Asik is shooting 35 percent. Do you know how hard that is for a big man who takes nearly 100 percent of his shots from point-blank range? Even so, he has already tried at least two delightfully awkward up-and-under moves while finishing pick-and-roll plays, and he made one of them with a soft touch off the glass. Asik barely gets off the ground, giving his up-and-unders an air of drama and crisis: Can he actually go from one side of the rim to the other without committing a rarely-seen up-and-down violation? Don't stop trying, Omer!
8. Trevor Ariza's shot selection.
Ariza has a lot to offer. He's a smart passer when he wants to be, a useful spot-up shooter, and a solid defender so good at snagging steals I once labeled him “Magnet Hands.” But I might throw my remote through the television if he sabotages another Washington possession by launching a lazy off-the-dribble 20-footer with plenty of time on the shot clock.
9. The experience of watching the Pistons.
How is this team still unwatchable? It seems like they run the same play on 50 percent of their possessions: Tayshaun Prince screens for Brandon Knight in a pick-and-roll on the left side of the floor while Rodney Stuckey runs around two screens on the right side. It's a play lots of teams run, but everything with Detroit is scrunched a couple of steps inside the 3-point line since so few guys on this team can shoot from outside 20 feet. The Pistons may need to play Kyle Singler more, if only to have at least one plus 3-point shooter on the court.
10. Klay Thompson's defense.
As a long-range gunner with barely a season of NBA experience, Thompson just seems like a guy who should be a poor defender. But the more I watch him, the more he looks like a really solid defender. He moves around well, with a good understanding of rotations and the general team concept. He's a willing worker with good balance; he can close out hard on shooters while keeping his feet steady enough to prevent a blow-by drive. Thompson has a chance to be a really, really good all-around player.
Tossing CISA in with the federal government's budget bill means the contentious cybersecurity act is more likely to be signed into law.
SHOW TRANSCRIPT
House Speaker Paul Ryan announced late Tuesday that Congress had agreed on a massive government spending bill. Buried in its 2,009 pages is CISA, a controversial cybersecurity act. (Video via C-SPAN)
Short for "Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act," CISA would allow companies to gather cybersecurity threat information from their networks and share the data "notwithstanding any other provision of law" with the Department of Homeland Security.
After that point, any shared information, even data that might compromise an individual's privacy, could also make its way to agencies like the FBI or NSA.
In October, lawmakers rejected all amendments to CISA, including those that would protect personal information or more clearly define a "cybersecurity threat" so that the law couldn't be abused. (Video via C-SPAN)
But at the time, there was still a chance for the final language of the bill to be changed or clarified. Now, its inclusion in the "omnibus" bill has privacy advocates concerned.
Fight for the Future released a statement, saying, "This puts the controversial legislation on the path to a vote without meaningful transparency or debate on the final text."
But CISA supporters still argue that sharing data would actually be voluntary for companies and that any privacy concerns are merely misunderdstandings. (Video via University of North Carolina at Charlotte)
Tossing CISA in with the federal government's budget bill means the cybersecurity legislation is now more likely to be signed into law than ever before — and this time with little room for changes.
Wonder no more! Give this a listen:
CMS's very own Piotr Traczyk put together this piece and the video, and he explains his motivations and methods below.
Guest post by Piotr Traczyk
Last year I was part of the team that made a video for CERN's 60th anniversary called “LHChamber music”. It was a performance of a piece composed by Domenico Vicinanza and performed by LHC physicists and engineers in the experimental caverns. The musical piece was composed based on a “sonification” of data from the four big LHC detectors, transforming data into musical notes using some relationship chosen by the composer, representing the data as sound instead of the plots and graphs we physicists are so used to. The data from the experiments were mapped to a major scale and arranged such that they could be all played simultaneously in harmony, as a metaphor of scientific collaboration.
Shortly after finishing work on that video I had the idea of doing something similar, just as a fun experiment for myself. I wanted to take some CMS data plots and make a short musical piece that would “play” the plots, minimising the input from the composer. I decided to take two plots from the Higgs discovery seminar of 4 July 2012: the Higgs-search mass plots in the gamma-gamma and 4-lepton channels. They both have about 20 bins in the histograms, so taking the first 16 bins and assigning each bin to a sixteenth note I could have a single bar of music representing each plot. Or two bars if I use eighth notes, and so on.
The way I created the melodies is more apparent in the case of the 4-lepton plot:
The data (the points with error bars in the histogram) have low numbers of entries in the bins. Some bins are empty: an empty bin would correspond to a pause. A bin with X entries would correspond to a note X semitones above C# (I chose C# as the base note). I preferred to assign the notes of the chromatic scale (semitones) – and not, for example, a major scale – to give the data freedom to yield some crazy melodies. So the rhythm and the harmonic structure are also derived from the data. I figured that the resulting melody, if played low, could have been a guitar riff in a wacky heavy-metal song. A perfect match for the CMS guitar! So this was the guitar I used for the 4-lepton riff.
The gamma-gamma mass plot clearly has to be a fast descending run:
I again mapped the points in the histogram to a chromatic scale, but I couldn't use the numbers of entries from the histogram directly, since they go from 1500 to 500 and the range of the electric guitar is something like 50 semitones. I therefore compressed the histogram range and used the logarithm of the number of entries (the relation between note frequency and musical scale is also logarithmic) to get something reasonable. When I mapped the numbers to the notes, I chose the starting note such that the melody would fit the one from the other plot.
The resulting “song” is written for two guitars, one plays the gamma-gamma run, and then the other plays the 4-lepton riff a few times. Each guitar also plays something else when the other guitar plays the sonification; I took the liberty of writing these parts to make the whole thing blend seamlessly. I added a drum and bass part – it is a metal tune after all! The only thing that remained to be done was to film the video and CERN's main auditorium was the obvious choice of location: this is where the original discovery was announced.
Now I'm waiting for a discovery in the next LHC run, so I can produce another track.
Cattle herding has been a fixture of black culture in both Africa and America, although it is often excluded from the history books. Black historian Bennie McRae, Jr discusses this rich history in his book Lest We Forget;
“Almost totally missing from the traditional history of the American West is the role of the Black cowboy as well as other Black pioneers who traveled through and settled during the nineteenth century in the vast territory west of the Mississippi River that extended from the Rio Grande along the Mexico border northward to the Canadian border. Why was the Black cowboy overlooked? The answer is obvious. A deliberate exclusion by the historians, writers, artists, and photographers who apparently felt that certain ethnic groups were unworthy of being recorded in the history books despite their participation and contribution. The exclusion was extended into the twentieth century by the Hollywood producers (documentary and movies) who not only excluded them, but slanted and twisted the facts regarding the overall western scene…
The history of the Black cowboys began long before the establishment of large ranches with cattle grazing in the late nineteenth century. Gambia and some other African countries were known to be lands of large cattle herds with the natives possessing innate skills in controlling and managing the movement of the animals. They were not called cowboys at that time, but merely herders.
Throughout the slave trade, ranchers and farmers (slaveowners) with large herds of cattle in the lower south were attracted to this particular groups that had been captured in those African countries…
Of the estimated 35,000 cowboys that worked the ranches and rode the trails, between five and nine thousand or more was said to have been Black. They participated in almost all of the drives northward, and was assigned to every job except that of trail boss. One historian noted that there had been few cattle drives where the entire crews were black except for the trail boss.”
- St. Paul Police are giving out few details on Wednesday night's shooting that killed one teenager and injured two others. But, family and friends tell Fox 9 that multiple gunshots were fired through the basement windows and into the teens who were hanging out downstairs.
Killed, according to friends and family. was 15-year-old Sadeya Hall. Injured were a 18-year-old male and a 17-year-female, both being treated at Regions Hospital.
“She was outgoing, friendly, just always getting a laugh out of everybody. Just hard to believe that she's gone,” 18-year-old Anthony Rivera said of Sadeya Hall. “I went to school with her, I grew up with me. It's just crazy what happened.”
He came to the crime scene along with Vanessa Lopez, a St. Paul mother who knows Hall's mother and had spoken to her about what happened.
“It was touching for me because I have a daughter myself and I feel for her because that could have been me and my daughter - easily,” Lopez said.
Lopez came to the scene of the shooting in part to hang a cross and in part to show her own teenage daughter the sobering reality of what happened.
“I need my daughter to know these streets ain't nothing to play with,” Lopez said.
The shooting happened around 10:30 Wednesday night. Bullet holes can be seen in the basement windows of the duplex at 1594 Case Avenue, an evidence tag still stuck next to one of them.
Police are saying very little about their investigation, about what they found at the scene or who they may be looking for. Anyone with any information is asked to call St. Paul police at 651-266-5650.
More bitcoin regulation talks as the MtGox saga continues to unfold and bitcoin continues to take blows.
It seems the negative news for bitcoin is never ending and recent events, specifically the fall of MtGox and Flexcoin have thrown the regulation of bitcoin into the limelight, yet again. While the regulation of bitcoin is a worthy discussion, the motives for pushing for this regulation are sometimes questionable.
When it comes to Flexcoin and MtGox, both companies have suggested hackers are to blame for their collapses, although this has not yet been verified by experts. Reporters within financial media appear to accept that hackers were to blame, despite the misgivings expressed from within the bitcoin community. Focusing on a flaw within the system can do more damage to the reputation of that system than focusing on the individuals operating it can. However, last Sunday, 09 March 2014, hackers claimed to have breached MtGox, accessing and then publishing data from Mt. Gox's servers to various sites. The information shared paints a picture different to that being portrayed by MtGox CEO, Mark Karpeles. Instead of being victims of theft by hackers, it suggests MtGox may have stolen the missing funds from their own customers. This has yet to be verified but if proven correct, fraud charges seems likely. What is the saying? Absolute power corrupts, absolutely. Whether one understands the bitcoin protocol or not, anyone can appreciate an inside job when shown one.
Negative press in general, however remotely related to bitcoin has been widely publicized by mass media. Such an example is that of the unfortunate death of First Meta CEO, Autumn Radtke. Many articles suggesting her death was due to troubles with bitcoin have been published, with several of them suggesting she committed suicide. The fact of the matter is that officials are still investigating her cause of death. Until a cause is identified, it is unfair to Radtke's memory, to her family and friends and to bitcoin to suggest she did commit suicide or that it had any relationship to bitcoin at all. Vultures of course, are apathetic creatures so what more can one expect.
The frustrating issue is that for many of the regulators and policymakers of the world, these failures and victims provide the perfect opportunity to push for regulation of virtual currencies, particularly bitcoin. Decisions are being made globally whether to accept or reject bitcoin and we really are seeing a mixed bag of responses from those in power.
Pierre Moscovici, French Minister for the Economy and Finance calls on the EU to regulate virtual currencies.
On 04 March 2014, Pierre Moscovici urged EU member states to begin talks regarding the regulation of virtual currencies.
“This is an imperative topic to be treated not only at national level but also at European level. In order to ensure this necessary convergence, I intend to request the other countries of the European Union to bring the topic on the agenda of the Ecofin Council.”
As it currently stands, bitcoin is considered “neither a legal currency, nor a means of payment …[and]… does not fall directly within the scope of supervision and surveillance of competent authorities in payment issues”, according to the Bank of France. The same can be said for the European Central Bank, who mirror these findings and also added that virtual currencies
“are not often linked to a geographical zone or a specific currency, which complicates any regulation or law enforcement.”
Where publications choose to highlight negative issues, without giving fair exposure to the positive issues, it is no surprise to see the concerned authorities call for regulatory measures. Since bitcoin transactions are not covered by EU legislation on payment services, bitcoin is understandably viewed as a risk by Banks, like the Bank of France. Currently any conversion of virtual money to real money is considered the responsibility of the payment service provider. However, not all bitcoin transactions fall under this category and so are not included in this responsibility. The lack of control is a concern to some regulators, like the Bank of France, who said:
“The anonymity of transfers of Bitcoin is primarily a risk for the use of this virtual money in criminal purposes (Internet sales of goods and illicit services) or for money laundering purposes or financing of terrorism,”
However, it is difficult to understand the focus on the illicit service and money laundering potential of a virtual currency like bitcoin, when dealing in cash, such as the dollar or Euro poses the very same problem. Cold hard cash has been the long standing method of payment for such illicit activities for decades, and these currencies are under regulatory control.
The European Banking Authority (EBA) distributed an alert to consumers in December 2013 informing them of the risks associated with virtual currencies, including volatility, non-convertibility and exposure to hacking. However even since then and with the bad press that has been received, bitcoin is continuing to grow with more adopting the virtual currency daily. With that in mind the issue of non-convertibility is shrinking and the exposure to hacking can be addressed by taking appropriate precautions with stored bitcoins (eg cold storage).
Mixed bag of opinions: to scrap the VAT, or not?
At the moment there are mixed views regarding the status of bitcoin as money across the European Union. Germany and the United Kingdom both consider bitcoin to be private money while France disagrees. We are seeing some countries, like Germany, call for bitcoin to be taxed, while others, like the United Kingdom have done a 180 and decided against taxation. Clearly even those that agree on the private money count cant agree when it comes to taxation. Outside Europe, similar issues are being faced. Japan have finally declared their position on bitcoin and crypto currencies and are now discussing potential ways to tax bitcoin transactions. These discussions are taking place despite the fact that Bitcoin is not considered legal currency in Japan and will likely be in the form of consumption and corporate taxes.
On the point of reversing the decision to add VAT (value added tax) to bitcoin transactions, John Harrison, a UK based bitcoin ATM entrepreneur said:
“If they had added VAT that would have destroyed us, there would have been no point in starting this business at all. It's great that the UK authorities are seeing bitcoin as an innovative technology that can help the economy.
With the UK's decision to scrap VAT on bitcoin transactions we may be seeing the start of a change in mindset occur within some regulatory bodies. Those with a forward thinking mentality are starting to see the bigger picture and understand that it is better to work with bitcoin than against it. Slowing the momentum of bitcoin by taxation will stifle it's growth, but only in the areas affected by such regulation. Those governments that allow bitcoin to grow may be the very ones capable of harnessing the benefits of bitcoin for all. All bitcoin needs is a fair chance for it to flourish, for the positive steps this new and revolutionary network is making to be broadcast to the masses along with the tumbles it makes along the way.
Yes, there is an element of fear, lest something like what happened at MtGox happen on ones own doorstep and backlash be received for lack of regulation. Of course, the discussions should happen but the decisions made need to be weighed carefully. The risk of stifling the growth of bitcoin through taxation needs to be balanced by the risk of allowing rogue exchanges get away with theft. As it currently stands there are no regulations in place giving governments the power to legally step in these situations. But should they? Perhaps not yet. Discussions need to take place and for that the request made by Pierre Moscovici to the EU member states is a good move. It may be beneficial to all those choosing to use bitcoin for countries accepting bitcoin to adopt a shared stance on taxation and regulation.
Right now regulation, using current legislation may lead to the unfair taxing of bitcoin users. If it is going to be done then taxation needs to be done fairly. Right now we can be sure that the road to regulation will be rocky, and maybe that was something cleverly built into the design.
Kate L
These Rocky Road Bars have candy rocks in them instead of chocolate chips – which makes them literally ‘rocky'.
I already told you a couple of weeks ago that we have moved on to Vietnam in our slow-travel adventure. We rented a small apartment for now but the no oven situation continues.
However, it is SOO HOT here in Saigon (Ho Chi Minh City) – baking wouldn't really be a pleasure anyway. So the no-bake dessert streak continues.
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Do you know these chocolate candies that look like rocks?
I found some in a little convenience store and just picked up a couple little bags without a clue what to do with them. If nothing else, I could always just eat them, right?
And that's precisely what my husband and I did with one of the baggies. We ate it. On Valentine's Day. While watching a movie and drinking $2 red wine. (Ok – it was a small bottle).
Yup – this is how we roll! Or make do when there is no sign of Valentine's Day around us.
I still had the other baggie of candy rocks and when I came across some rocky road bars during my daily internet surfing research, I had a brilliant idea.
Instead of chocolate chips the recipe called for Maltesers candy (which are like Whoppers) but I figured – due to its name – candy rocks would work even better! Making these “Literally Rocky Road Bars”. Corny, eh?
It was a British site where I came across the recipe. They don't seem to use walnuts or almonds for rocky road but get the crunch from cookies bits (although they call them biscuits). Which also work really great to give these no-bake bars substance.
Of course I also needed marshmallows for Rocky Road Bars. I could find only one kind here which was a bag of bigger vanilla and chocolate marshmallows but I needed minis. So I just used kitchen scissors to cut them up into smaller pieces.
The candy rocks, cookie bits and mini marshmallows are held together by a chocolate-butter-honey mixture. The original recipe called for golden syrup but I like to use honey instead.
To be honest, the chocolate I used this time wasn't the greatest. Vietnam has a lot of amazing foods to offer – but chocolate isn't one of them.
However, after melting it together with the butter (French import) and honey, I was surprised to find that the chocolate actually tasted really good now! I don't know if I can recommend using lower quality chocolate, but if you have some laying around that needs to be used up, this would be the recipe for it!
To see how I put these Literally Rocky Road Bars together just watch the little video I made. I finally got over myself and did a voice-over (thanks for the push Erin ;)) and you can actually see my face in the video.
Literally Rocky Road Bars Print These rocky road bars include candy rocks instead of chocolate chips making literally 'rocky'. Yield: Makes 16 Bars Ingredients 225g Chocolate (milk or semi-sweet)
100g / 7 tbsp Butter
2 tbsp Honey or Syrup
100g / 2 cups Mini Marshmallows
100g Candy Rocks
225g Biscuits/Digestive Cookies/Graham Crackers Instructions Line an 8-inch square pan or form with parchment paper. Leave an overhang to be able to lift out the bars later. Break or cut the chocolate into pieces, add butter and honey or syrup. Place on top of a double boiler and stir until melted and smooth. Cool for about 10 minutes. In a large bowl stir together mini marshmallows, candy rocks (reserve a few for sprinkling) and broken up cookies with the chocolate mixture until everything is nicely coated. Pour into lined form and press in with a spoon. Sprinkle a few mini marshmallows and candy rocks on top. Place in the fridge and chill for at least 2 hours. Lift chilled and hardened Rocky Rock out of the form and cut into bars. 3.5.3226
If you can't find candy rocks in the store, they are also available from Amazon: Chocolate Candy Rocks
Thank you - it's a great pleasure to be here today (20 November 2014) and I'd like to thank the Educational Publishers Council and the British Educational Suppliers Association for inviting me.
Last May at the Kettner's Educational Publishers' lunch I said that the government's new approach to education policy, designed to foster the autonomy of the teaching profession and sweep away the prescriptive and ideological National Strategies, meant that there is now an important leadership role for educational publishers. And that role is not to pander to the lowest common denominator in the scramble for market share, but to develop in young people the academic knowledge and the scholarship skills that the old curriculum has driven out of too many schools.
This time last year my predecessor Liz Truss issued a call to arms to publishers to introduce high-quality textbooks to support the new national curriculum.
Curriculum
Today's conference is called ‘Delivering quality in changing times'. There is a lot of change in our schools. This term has seen the introduction of the new curriculum, modelled on those in the very best education systems around the world:
in maths, this means a greater focus on getting the fundamentals right, with children becoming fluent in times tables at an earlier age and studying formal, efficient written methods of arithmetic - we've removed calculators from primary tests to ensure this focus is maintained throughout primary school
in English, we have increased the level of demand from an early age, with greater emphasis on grammar and vocabulary throughout the curriculum - we have embedded the use of systematic synthetic phonics in the curriculum because evidence shows that it is the most effective approach to the teaching of reading
the new knowledge-rich science curriculum focuses on the big ideas in science
the new computing curriculum emphasises the hard elements of computer science, including how computers work and programming - it equips pupils to design their own computer programs
and all primary school children in maintained schools aged 7 to 11 years are now required to study a foreign language to help prepare them for life in our globalised economy
Our reforms to qualifications will also help to drive up standards:
English GCSEs will require the study of a range of intellectually challenging and substantial texts - whole books, not just extracts - the new qualifications will encourage students to read widely and reward those that can demonstrate the breadth of their reading
will require the study of a range of intellectually challenging and substantial texts - whole books, not just extracts - the new qualifications will encourage students to read widely and reward those that can demonstrate the breadth of their reading maths GCSEs will be larger qualifications - they're more challenging and provide assurances of a firm grasp of the fundamentals while stretching the most able
will be larger qualifications - they're more challenging and provide assurances of a firm grasp of the fundamentals while stretching the most able redesigned A levels will provide a stronger basis for transition to higher education
any young person who doesn't reach a good level in English and maths by age 16 will need to study those subjects in post-16 education
and we have taken the important step of introducing ‘core maths' qualifications for post-16 students who achieve at least a C at GCSE maths but don't go on to take AS or A level maths
Our education plan will underpin a transformation of the education system by setting out and increasing the essential knowledge and skills the next generation will need to compete successfully for jobs in the global jobs market.
But these changes are only part of the story. They will not deliver quality in themselves.
They are necessary but not sufficient to raise academic standards. That's because behind every document setting out content to be taught - every sample assessment question - there is inevitably scope for interpretation. The real transformation always depends not on rules, but on people - and this transformation is in the hands of schools and teachers, in what happens in the classroom.
That is where the skills of teachers and the resources they use are so important. That is where a great textbook can help teachers to transform their classes - critical indeed for raising academic standards.
Why textbooks count
In 2010 Tim Oates, who chaired the national curriculum expert review panel, examined the international research and evidence around curriculum design and published his findings in his seminal paper ‘Could do better'. It said that only by learning from the very best around the world could we hope to design a world-class curriculum, and this philosophy underpinned all the work that followed and has led to the rigorous curriculum we have today.
Today Cambridge Assessment has published ‘Why textbooks count', which analyses the use of high-quality textbooks around the world. Its message is clear - once again England has fallen behind. ‘Why textbooks count' should rightly send shockwaves through the education system and the publishing industry.
In the controversial search for the reasons why a range of key nations have improved their systems so dramatically and so quickly, the role of high-quality textbooks has been seriously neglected. Well-focused, forensic study of these nations highlights the extent to which good teaching and high academic standards are strongly associated with adequate provision and widespread use of high-quality textbooks.
In Finland, 95% of maths teachers use a textbook as a basis for instruction, and in Singapore it's 70%. Compare that to England, where only 10% of maths teachers use a textbook for their core teaching. And in science the story is even worse - only 4%.
What is important about this research is the quite astounding gap between this country and high-performing jurisdictions. However one measures textbook usage, it is this huge gap that matters - and it is this huge gap we need to overcome.
The paper shows us that textbooks work:
excellent textbooks are central to education in Singapore, where they are closely linked to pedagogy
in Shanghai, as we also know from the recent China-England maths teacher exchange, textbooks are used extensively to provide structure to lessons and progression - helping to ensure that all pupils keep up and achieve
and at the time that Finland's education system improved so strongly, use of textbooks was central - what were the key elements in that transformation? To quote the paper: ‘high-quality teachers and high-quality materials'
But despite these examples we know that there is, in some quarters, a distinct ‘anti-textbook' ethos.
Where does this ethos come from? The research found that it originates not from teachers but from teacher training providers and educational research communities. Teachers themselves understand the benefits of a good textbook:
firstly, it saves time - producing worksheets is immensely time consuming, as is endlessly trawling the internet for suitable resources - this is time that could be better spent by teachers in planning the perfect lesson or supporting their pupils to master particularly tricky elements
it can provide a far better experience for pupils - a well-designed textbook provides a coherent, structured programme which supports a teacher's own expertise and knowledge as well as a pupil's
and it helps parents support their children - good textbooks have workbooks which support homework in a positive way by providing well-structured practice exercises linked to clear explanations, which parents can understand and used to help their children
Criticisms
I doubt that anyone here will disagree with any of these points. But some people argue that textbooks hark back to the past, as though textbooks are from a bygone era. This view is based upon a misconception, an out-of-date idea of what textbooks are. The books used in Singapore, Shanghai, Finland are state of the art, tried and tested - firmly based on solid evidence of what works.
Others say that textbooks are too expensive, that schools can't afford them. But if you think about the amount a school will spend on photocopying worksheets, and factor in the time teachers waste and how they could be using that time to support pupils, then a set of good textbooks can only be seen as the right investment.
Digital resources
Other critics said: ‘the future is digital - why bother with textbooks when online resources are clearly superior?'
I put this point to Lee Fei Chen and Joy Tan, representatives of Marshall Cavendish, one of the largest publishers in Singapore - not a country noted for shying away from technological advances. They told me that yes, Singapore is introducing digital resources, but with thought and care when there is clear evidence that those resources are as effective as their outstanding paper-based textbooks.
The very best digital resources can be powerful, providing teachers with resources and extra tools to do their job better, but they are no replacement for a good textbook - instead they should complement it.
Singapore has no plans to stop producing textbooks, of course not - they have been crafted, tested and refined with great care, and are proven to build deep understanding and support solid progress in the subject.
Whether electronic textbooks can play a similar role is an open question. Features of the physical form should not be underestimated - for example being able to easily flick backwards and forwards, quickly reminding yourself of past lessons and easily skimming what's coming next.
In my view, clearly a future which includes digital should not exclude the textbook.
The quality of textbooks in England
But the bigger failure is a one of quality.
In this country textbooks simply do not match up to the best in the world, resulting in poorly designed resources, damaging and undermining good teaching.
Today's paper sets out an analysis of a typical GCSE textbook - and what did it show? Incoherent presentations, little signposting of key concepts and an approach focused more on preparing for GCSE -type questions than understanding the subject.
In comparison, a secondary maths textbook from Singapore has a clear structure, strong explanations of key ideas, helpful worked examples and plenty of opportunity for essential practice to increase fluency and understanding.
And this isn't just a problem at GCSE - most new primary curriculum textbooks fall far short of the high standards we find in Singapore, Shanghai and other countries. The best-quality text books in the world are based on rigorous research and drive high attainment, pupil enjoyment of the subject matter and higher outcomes for children from all backgrounds. These textbooks have left this country behind.
In Tim's view there is a fundamental market failure in this country which has led to the narrow focus we find in too many GCSE textbooks.
And whilst it can be argued that accountability systems for too long encouraged a focus in schools on getting young people to a C, our changes now place much greater emphasis on progress for every child - not just those at the C/D borderline. From 2016 school performance measures (Progress 8) will, crucially, reflect GCSE point scores, not just the number of C grades.
Schools will look to publishers for solutions - for higher-quality resources which truly support every young person to reach a higher standard than ever before.
Eighteen months on from my last encounter with the textbook industry, and 1 year on from Elizabeth Truss's call to arms, I wish I could say that the challenge has been met.
Sadly, we're not there yet.
This government would be happy to promote textbooks, to rebut the arguments that have driven them from classrooms for too long, to challenge the anti-textbook ethos.
But we can only do that when it's clear that the textbooks on offer in England match the best in the world.
This is my challenge to you.
Good examples
There has already been some progress.
To support high-quality phonics teaching - which is key to success in early reading - we provided over £23 million of match funding for schools to help them purchase high-quality phonics training and resources. Over 14,000 schools benefited from this funding, buying thousands of top-quality textbooks and resources and putting much greater focus on phonics, and we have seen the percentage of pupils reaching the expected standard in the phonics screening check rise from 58% in 2012 to 74% in 2014.
Since last year's conference 2 UK publishers - OUP and Maths No Problem - have joined forces with leading Singapore publishers to develop versions of their world-class primary maths textbooks for England.
It is excellent news that pupils in England will now be able to benefit from this carefully constructed, rigorous approach in line with the new curriculum.
Textbook project
Which is why it's equally good news that our new network of 34 maths hubs around the country intend to trial the use of these new Singapore-based textbooks, supported by the NCETM , through this academic year and beyond. That's a great development, and a chance to learn how textbooks can be used to drive up the quality of primary maths teaching.
Conclusion
All the evidence shows that high-quality textbooks are good for teachers, students and parents. For teachers, well-structured textbooks reduce workload and the perpetual ritual of producing worksheets; for students, knowledge-rich textbooks mean they can read beyond the confines of the exam syllabus, and using textbooks helps to develop those all-important scholarship skills; and for parents, textbooks are a guide to what their children are being taught in school. I would like to see all schools, both primary and secondary, using high-quality textbooks in most academic subjects, bringing us closer to the norm in high-performing countries.
I strongly believe that textbooks need to play an important role in pushing up academic standards. Ministers need to make the case for more textbooks in schools, particularly primary schools. But the industry needs to provide the type of textbook that policymakers can be proud to promote. I am sure that's what every individual in this room is intent on providing and I hope that together we can deliver on that intent.
Thank you.
After the breakdown of health care reform, both President Trump and the Republican Congress need a W -- a win.
And not just any win but one that will play into the public demand for faster economic growth, better jobs and higher wages. Recent polls show the nexus of growth, jobs and tax cuts vastly outranks health care.
So, most important, middle-class wage earners need a W.
We've had job creation, but it hasn't reached all sectors of the population. Consequently, the employment-to-population ratio remains historically low. So does real gross domestic product growth.
From 1950 to 2000, growth averaged 3.5 percent a year. During President Obama's recovery -- and, frankly, going back to the year 2000 -- growth has hovered at only 2 percent per year. Real wages have barely improved. New business startups have actually declined. And productivity has flattened.
The hole in the center of this tepid growth story is a lack of business investment. It's the missing ingredient.
From 1950 to 2000, total business fixed investment averaged a strong 5.3 percent annual growth. But since 2000, that figure has dropped to only 1.7 percent.
For 50 years, the capital-labor ratio (K/L ratio) increased by an average 3 percent a year. The capital stock rose 4.3 percent per year. But since 2009, the K/L ratio has fallen by 0.2 percent per year, and the capital stock has grown by only 1.5 percent yearly. This is why productivity and wage gains have been minimal. And the root cause is the lack of business investment.
But the GOP can remedy this by providing new tax incentives (including a rollback of costly regulations) right now. Specifically, the new Republican priority should be business tax cuts first.
While health care reform simmers on the back burner, the president should go right to business tax reform. It can be nice and simple and easy to understand. There's virtually a bipartisan consensus for it. Separate it out from the broader and far more complex and controversial issues related to individual tax reform.
Yes, we desperately need personal-tax simplification. We also need lower tax rates across the board. We need to clamp down on loopholes and unnecessary crony-capitalist deductions to broaden the tax base. But that's a much more difficult and longer battle. Save it for next year.
There are hundreds of tax lawyers in Washington, D.C., who can separate out business income from personal income. That will allow legislation to reduce tax rates for the small S-corp companies, as well as limited liability partnerships and proprietorships.
So let's end the war on business. Let's reward success, rather than punish it. Congress need only go for a 10 percent repatriation rate, a 15 to 20 percent tax rate for large and small businesses, and immediate expensing for new investments.
And perhaps to draw in some Democrats, legislators can use part of the roughly $200 billion in repatriation revenues to provide an equity base for an infrastructure fund that is privately owned and run. No new Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. No government directors. Keep it all in the private sector.
And forget the crazy border-adjustment tax, or BAT. It would badly damage consumers and the economy, when what we need is faster growth.
Meanwhile, don't obsess over various reconciliation rules. Reconciliation can be whatever you want it to be.
The so-called Byrd Rule, which stipulates deficit neutrality over the long run, has been broken many times over the past 30 years.
And maybe this time the GOP will talk to the Senate parliamentarian. Or perhaps the president of the Senate -- Vice President Pence can overrule the parliamentarian.
With lower business tax rates and more net business investment to grow the capital stock, the economy is capable of growing over 3 percent yearly. And that 1 percentage point increase from the 2 percent baseline would yield, according to the Congressional Budget Office, more than $3 trillion in deficit reduction over the next 10 years.
The misbegotten BAT, and its phony $1 trillion pay-for, can be buried in a deep gravesite inside a large crypt.
Perhaps the major selling point for business tax cuts is the fact that the biggest beneficiaries are middle-income wage earners, not so-called rich people and rich corporations.
Importantly, the best research on this has been done by Kevin Hassett of the American Enterprise Institute and in recent years supported by a number of papers. Ironically, Hassett is slated to be chairman of the president's Council of Economic Advisors, as soon as his vetting process is complete. No one makes the case better than Hassett that business tax cuts are a middle-class tax cut.
So, with the postponement of health care reform, we now have more than four months before the August recess to give the country the fuel injection it needs: a boost for wage earners, businesses and consumers, productivity and better jobs.
Put business tax cuts first. Right now.
Image: Mark Witte
Moreland Zebras have announced Fausto De Amicis as the successor to Danny Gnjidic at the managerial helm for 2017.
The 48-year-old is renowned for his playing career which culminated in 13 Socceroos caps for two goals between 1998 and 2002.
He was a consecutive four-time NSL champion, claiming two titles each with Melbourne Knights and South Melbourne.
In 1998 the defender was awarded the Joe Marsden medal as the best on ground in South Melbourne's grand final win over Carlton, while he is also a Bill Fleming medallist in Victoria.
The 48-year-old moves from Richmond where he was recently an assistant to Rick Mensink.
He has previously also coached at the likes of Doncaster and Bulleen Lions, the latter at which he enjoyed success with the club's U20s side.
“I'm excited to be given the opportunity to come back and reunite with Moreland Zebras, the club that gave me the start to my playing career as a junior from U10's,” De Amicis told the club.
“A lot of time has passed since I moved on in 1992 after going through all my junior and senior development here spanning over 14 years.
“As every successful and well-supported club, it has had great coaches, and I am excited and looking forward to the challenge that is ahead for the new season.”
De Amicis will be tasked with attempting to achieve the club's first promotion into the top flight in the NPL era, with Gnjidic – who recently signed with Ballarat to replace the outgoing James Robinson – before him narrowly missing out in 2015 via the promotion playoffs.
Brick Lane Jamme Masjid (Bengali: ব্রিক লেন জামে মসজিদ, Arabic: جامع مسجد بريك لين‎ "Brick Lane Congregational Mosque"), formerly known as the London Jamme Masjid (লন্ডন জামে মসজিদ, جامع مسجد لندن "London Congregational Mosque"), is a Muslim place of worship in the East End of London. The building at 59 Brick Lane, on the corner of Fournier Street, has been home to a succession of Christian, Jewish, and Muslim communities since its construction in the mid-eighteenth century, reflecting the waves of immigration in the neighbourhood of Spitalfields. The former Great Synagogue is a Grade II* listed building;[2] the adjacent former school buildings (now used as an ancillary building to the mosque) is listed Grade II.[3]
The current mosque [ edit ]
The majority of worshippers of the mosque are of Bangladeshi descent; the mosque serves the largest concentration of Bangladeshi Muslims in the country (see History of Bangladeshis in the United Kingdom).
The mosque can hold up to 3,200 (including women)[1][4] and is most crowded during the jummah prayers on Friday.[5] All sermons are delivered in Bengali/English/Arabic. In terms of beliefs and practices, the mosque follows the traditions of Sunni Islam. The mosque has close links with the Bangladesh Welfare Association, which addresses social and community needs.[6][7] Arabic and mother tongue classes are available for children on the top floors.
The Brick Lane Mosque was once known as the London Great Mosque, but much larger places of worship for Muslims in the capital opened in Regent's Park (the London Central Mosque, 1978) and then nearby Whitechapel Road (the East London Mosque, 1985).
History of the building [ edit ]
Umbra sumus ("We are shadow"), is derived from Pulvis et umbra sumus ("We are dust and shadow"). Detail of the sundial. The Latin motto,("We are shadow"), is derived from Horace 's("We are dust and shadow").
The building has served the religions of a succession of other communities in the area.
Christian [ edit ]
It was first established in 1743 as a Protestant chapel ("La Neuve Eglise", i.e. "the New Church") by London's Huguenot community.[8] These were refugees who had left France after the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685, to escape persecution by the Catholics. Many Huguenots settled in Spitalfields, bringing with them their silk-weaving and textile skills. As they were Protestant Dissenters, not members of the Church of England, they built their own chapels. Christ Church, Spitalfields on Fournier Street, designed by the architect Nicholas Hawksmoor, was built during the reign of Queen Anne to demonstrate the power of the established church.[9] 59 Brick Lane survived as a Huguenot chapel for more than six decades.
In 1809 it became a Wesleyan chapel, bought by the London Society for Promoting Christianity Amongst the Jews, an organisation now known as the Church's Ministry Among Jewish People, but this phase of its history lasted only 10 years. From 1819, the building became a Methodist chapel.[10]
Jewish [ edit ]
In the late 19th century, the building was adopted by yet another community: it became the Machzike Hadath, the Spitalfields Great Synagogue. During this time (see History of the Jews in England), the area was home to many Jewish refugees from Russia and Central Europe.[11] From the 1880s through the early part of the 20th century, massive pogroms and the May Laws in Russia caused many Jews to flee the Pale of Settlement. Of the East European Jewish emigrants, 140 000 settled in Britain.[12] From 1916, the synagogue's leader was the notable Abraham Isaac Kook, later the first Ashkenazi chief rabbi of the British Mandatory Palestine. Nearby was the purpose-built Great Synagogue of London and another church building that had become a Jewish place of worship, the Sandys Row Synagogue. The population of Jews decreased over the years, with many moving to areas of North London. The synagogue eventually moved to new premises in Golders Green.[13]
Muslim [ edit ]
During the 1970s, the area of Spitalfields and Brick Lane was populated mainly by Bangladeshis who had come to Britain from the Sylhet region looking for better work. Many found work in factories and the textile trade. That growing community required a place of worship, and the building at 59 Brick Lane was bought and refurbished. In 1976, it reopened as a mosque, the London Jamme Masjid. Today, although it has been renamed, it still serves the Bangladeshi community as a mosque.[5]
See also [ edit ]
The Department of Defense suppressed one of its own studies that revealed $125 billion in wasteful spending, according to an investigation published by the The Washington Post.
The newspaper found that the study, commissioned by Deputy Defense Secretary Robert O. Work, was hidden because of fears Congress would cut defense spending.
The Defense Business Board, along with McKinsey & Company consultants, conducted the study, which produced a 2015 report titled “Transforming DoD's Core Business Processes for Revolutionary Change.”
In an interview with the Post, Work said the report proposal was “unrealistic.”
“There is this meme that we're some bloated, giant organization,” Work told the newspaper. “Although there is a little bit of truth in that ... I think it vastly overstates what's really going on."
“We're the largest bureaucracy in the world. There's going to be some inherent inefficiencies in that,” he said.
In the course of its investigation into the business operations of the Pentagon, McKinsey placed the various operations into five groups: supply chain and logistics; financial-flow management; human resources; acquisition and procurement; and healthcare management. A sixth category was later added for real property management.
A confidential memo issued by the consulting firm put the spending on these categories at anywhere from $75 billion to $100 billion.
The report ultimately found that the Defense Department was spending more than $134 billion on business operations each year. The board putting the study together decided to propose that the Pentagon try to save $125 billion over a five-year period.
But the report received backlash from top Pentagon officials, including chief weapons-buyer Frank Kendall III.
“If the impression that's created is that we've got a bunch of money lying around and we're being lazy and we're not doing anything to save money, then it's harder to justify getting budgets that we need,” he told the newspaper in an interview.
Robert “Bobby” L. Stein, the chairman of the board who commissioned the study, alleged that Secretary of Defense Ash Carter suppressed the study on purpose.
“Unfortunately, Ash — for reasons of his own — stopped this,” Stein told the Post.
Peter Cook, a spokesman for the Defense secretary, told the newspaper that Carter had “a long list of national security challenges” to handle. Cook also said that Work and other Pentagon officials “concluded that the report, while well-intentioned, had limited value.”
QR Code Link to This Post
it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I love you. You gave me life and quirky personality peccadillos. You gave me shelter, food and you were probably a lot cooler and more fulfilled before you had kids. Let's get the love thing down first. Much respect and love.But this madness has got to stop.It's been ten years since your genitals started repelling each other like polarized magnets and the vow of "til death do us part" became "ehhhh...not so much" and you got divorced. Instead your respective genitals started latching onto other peoples naughties like there was Elmer's glue on them. That's cool. Statistically likely, even, but how about now, we all start acting like fucking grown-ups.Look at your spawn, me and my brother. We are not, as you seem to think, human telephones. You being responsible for our genetics would be AMAZED by the lack of dials, button and digital wires on our persons. Should you ever need to use the telephone to contact each other, I would recommend AN ACTUAL TELEPHONE. Yes, it will involve verbal communication with your ex, scary I know. But if that's too much, email can swiftly communicate all of the curses and epithets you have for each other in one fell swoop.You are both remarried. You get along with those spouses. You have high level exec jobs where I assume you have a maturity level above that of a sixth grader. You have friends. Perhaps even some of your co-workers or spouse of friends is people you do not like, but you manage to treat them civilly, don't you? Let's play a game where you treat each other like that!Yes, Bro and I played you little game for the last ten years, but I'm officially putting the kybosh on it today. I really do not care if you now hate each other with the burning intensity of a thousand suns; the moment your gametes merged and created a child, you got stuck with each other FOR LIFE. Deal. The. Fuck. With. It.Mom: Thanks for being my biological roommate for nine months. I'm sure Bro feels the same. Very cool of you. But you are a career-driven distant lady and probably bipolar. It's okay. Lots of people are. And accept that you cheated first and married the man you cheated with. Yeah, Dad's got some resentment. Accept it and don't resent the resentment, that's lame. You don't have to be best friends with Dad, that would be weird. But if you have something to say to the man, FOR GOD'S SAKE just say it. The Chinese Whispers needs to stop. I will not ask a 50 year old man to get in touch with his son. I straight up won't (even though I think he should). If your opinions are so strong on the matter, may I kindly suggest you TELL HIM YOURSELF LIKE AN ADULT. I've got my own stuff going on and I don't really care how people mess up their kids. My role as your mouthpiece ends right now.Dad: I just said I wouldn't tell you this, BUT CALL YOUR SON, FOR FUCK'S SAKE. Seriously? Seriously. Bro is 19, an overweight underachiever, he could use a strong male role in his life. Think you might be the one he wants, maybe? Because my awful stepfather is "step"ping right into that part. That should send shivers down your spine. When he wants to visit you, he doesn't need you hovering over him like a child, but a weekend away from Casa de Crazy and Mom and Stepdad. Seeing your kids is not an unreasonable request. If you're resenting him for sharing genes with someone you hate, how do you think that makes me/us feel? Classy.Stepdad: Stop trying to my friend/friendly. It's okay, normal even if we're not best buds. I can count on zero fingers the number of people I know who are friends with their stepdad. I wouldn't like you even if you weren't CREEPY AS FUCK. I'm your wife's daughter, man. Stop hitting on me. The slightly too long hugs. The time you walked in on teenage me masturbating and DIDN'T LEAVE AND APOLOGIZE IMMEDIATELY AND STARTED A CONVERSATION ABOUT WHAT I WAS DOING INSTEAD. The time I was nude modelling to pay for school and you said you should sign up for "art lessons" (pukes). Last summer when I was playing with your son, wearing a short dress and you kept "accidentally" moving behind me. Just stop. Mom, if you ever tell me how "good he is in bed" again, I will vomit in your closet.Stepmom: You're cool as hell. I've got no beef with you. Except maybe that your dogs are maniacs. Get Barkbusters in on that shit.In summary,Parents. Phones. Use them.
MacTiernan confirmed to run for the seat of Perth
Updated
Former West Australian infrastructure minister Alannah MacTiernan will stand for the federal seat of Perth at the upcoming federal election.
Ms MacTiernan today announced her nomination as the ALP candidate, and says she's confident she can hold the seat being vacated by Defence Minister Stephen Smith after 20 years in office.
The Liberals are already heavily campaigning in the seat and many in Labor believe a high profile candidate is needed to keep the seat.
Lawyer Matthew Keogh was the only candidate to nominate for pre-selection yesterday, but has now withdrawn his nomination.
Ms MacTiernan is the current mayor of the City of Vincent.
She says with the ALP leadership issue resolved, she believes Labor can win another term in office.
Ms MacTiernan says she wants to focus on big issues like climate change, education, urban development and getting a fairer share of commonwealth funds for WA.
"I'm really excited that we've now got a political contest that's about ideas. That is about what is our direction we want our society to go in."
Ms MacTiernan unsuccessfully contested the Federal seat of Canning in 2010, losing to the Liberals' Don Randall.
The WA Premier Colin Barnett says Ms MacTiernan is a strong candidate.
"Clearly she'd be a strong candidate, but this coming Federal election is going to be closer than people thought and I think every seat is going to be contested," he said.
"And certainly the three seats that Labor hold in WA, the Liberal party is going to be going after those very strongly."
Topics: federal-elections, perth-6000
First posted
A common bacterium is furthering evidence that evolution is not entirely a blind process, subject to random changes in the genes, but that environmental stressors can also play a role.
A NASA-funded team is the first group to design a method demonstrating how transposons — DNA sequences that move positions within a genome — jump from place to place.
The researchers saw that the jumping rate of these transposons, aptly-named “jumping genes,” increases or decreases depending on factors in the environment, such as food supply.
“This is a new window into how environment can affect evolution rates,” said Nigel Goldenfeld, director of the NASA Astrobiology Institute for Universal Biology at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. “We can measure evolution rates for the first time, and we can see evolution acting at the molecular level.”
Thomas Kuhlman, a physicist at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, said bacteria species can also play a role in jumping rates, as well as the environment.
“The activity of these transposal elements is not uniformly random; it's not just a pile of cells,” he said.
Kuhlman and Goldenfeld recently published a paper on the research, “Real-time transposable element activity in individual live cells,” in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The research was led by Neil Kim, a physics graduate student at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and also included work from fellow students Gloria Lee, Nicholas Sherer and Michael Martini.
The NASA Astrobiology Institute funded the research.
True colors
Goldenfeld studies the role of the environment on evolution, while Kuhlman focuses on the biological processes of E. coli, a common bacterium that lives in the digestive tracts of humans and animals and the cause of infections by way of contaminated feces.
The two researchers came up with a novel approach to watching the movement of jumping genes by engineering an E. coli that expresses a fluorescent protein when the transposons “jump” out of a genome. Because the cell lights up when this occurs, the researchers were able to record the cells that jump more than others.
“The cells light up only when a transposon jumps,” Goldenfeld said. “So we can see how often they jump, and when they jump, and where they jump from.”
Goldenfeld's team also constructed a computer simulation of the jumping activity that was able to rule out random activity as the primary reason for jumping. Once they compared the simulation with the laboratory trials, it was clear that the transposons were not jumping randomly. Goldenfeld said the findings shed more light on the mechanisms of evolution.
A fundamental assumption of evolution has been that mutations and other instabilities in the genomes randomly occur in an organism as a ‘blind” evolutionary force, and those that are beneficial to the cell lead to reproductive success. Another possibility, less accepted by biologists, is that the environment prompts the cell or organism to mutate in order for the cell to prosper better. These adaptive mutations, or stress-induced mutations, occur in response to stressors in the environment.
“Our work shows that the environment does affect the rate at which transposons become active, and subsequently jump into the genome and modify it,” Goldenfeld said. “Thus the implication is that the environment does change the evolution rate. What our work does not answer at this point is whether the transposon activity suppresses genes that are bad in the particular environment of the cell. It just says that the rate of evolution goes up in response to environmental stress.
“This conclusion,” he added, “was already known through other studies, for certain types of mutation, so is not in itself a complete reversal of the current dogma. We hope that future work will try to measure whether or not the genome instabilities that we can measure are adaptive.”
Kuhlman said he has hopes of future research on more complex organisms.
“The next step is operating in yeast, as a very simple eukaryotic cell. Then eventually much further down the road, we'll get [the process] working in mammalian or human cells.”
The research is not only useful for understanding the origins of life, but also uncovering situations where cells undergo rapid mutations. One possible application could be routing out the pathways of cancer, which happens when cells abnormally grow and cause problems with the rest of the body.
Goldenfeld added that the findings also have clear implications to astrobiology.
“One of the things that astrobiology is concerned with is the interaction between the environment and the rate of evolution,” he said. “Our work showed for the first time that there are environmental influences on the rate of transposon activity, because we could literally measure the effect. We did this quantitatively and compared it with theoretical predictions that assumed that transposon activity was random. We could show that the activity is not random at all.”
They are behaving like amateurs over there. Let's review. First, it turns out Donald Trump knew about the Colorado rules changes last August. So he never got his act together, lost Colorado, and is now whining about the rules changes. Second, the deadline to register for the New York Republican Party was last October and two of Trump's children did not do that. Trump was a candidate for President and no one on his campaign thought anything about two of his kids not being registered to vote for him.
Now there is Washington. The Trump campaign confused Washington the state with Washington, D.C.
The campaign sent out a mass email meant for supporters in Washington state on Friday, encouraging them to sign up to be Trump-aligned delegates at their county GOP conventions. The email states the deadline to register is April 6, two days before the email went out. To make matters worse, that deadline wasn't even entirely accurate. The party requires would-be delegates to register with their county parties three days prior to their county conventions, but those conventions are not held on a uniform date across the state, so technically there is no single deadline. But for the round of county conventions being held Saturday, the Trump email still came a day late.
The email wound up being sent to people who live in Washington, D.C.
What a poop show at Team Trump. I thought he hired the best minds and top men. That's what he claimed at least.
Theresa May will plead for support from Jeremy Corbyn (Picture: Getty)
Theresa May will plead for help from Jeremy Corbyn this week to push through legislation needed to deliver Brexit.
Only a month after she saw voters reject her calls for a mandate to negotiate an exit from the European Union, the prime minister is expected to turn to her rival for his support.
Police rake in £1,700,000 after selling seized items on eBay
Tomorrow she will make a direct appeal to opposition parties to ‘contribute' not ‘criticise' her policies after losing a majority in the Commons that saw the Tories strike a deal with the DUP.
According to the Telegraph, despite a loss in political stock the prime minister is determined not to soften her position on Brexit – including leaving the Single Market and the Customs Union.
Speaking at the launch of a review into modern working practices, the prime minister will say: ‘When I commissioned this report I led a majority government in the House of Commons. The reality I now face as Prime Minister is rather different.
The prime minister will urge Corbyn and Labour to contribute to Brexit (Picture: Ian Forsyth/Getty Images)
‘In this new context, it will be even more important to make the case for our policies and our values, and to win the battle of ideas both in Parliament and in the country.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘So I say to the other parties in the House of Commons… come forward with your own views and ideas about how we can tackle these challenges as a country.
Coward, 25, left son and girlfriend in overturned car after crashing in police chase
‘We may not agree on everything, but through debate and discussion – the hallmarks of our Parliamentary democracy – ideas can be clarified and improved and a better way forward found.'
The prime minister's appeal comes as the opposition parties prepare to unveil plans to table amendments to the Repeal Bill.
The Repeal Bill will be released on Thursday and transfers 12,000 EU laws and regulation into British statute.
MORE: Staffie starved almost to death because owner was stressed from getting a job
MORE: Huge fire rips through Camden Lock Market
The American healthcare industry is a mess. When a life-saving pill can cost $750 a pop, or when a two-minute ambulance ride can cost thousands of dollars, you know something is seriously flawed with the system. This is an industry which actively encourages people to risk death in order to avoid going to the hospital and dealing with bankruptcy. It's sick.
Of course, we all know patients get fucked by the system, but doctors are fed up with it as well, which is something you never really hear about. In fact, many doctors complain about spending more time dealing with insurance bureaucracy than actually treating their patients.
That's where Zubin Damania, a Stanford-trained doctor, comes in. Damania did, well, the unthinkable. According to a recent Reddit AMA session that he held, Damnia quit his high-paying hospital job in Northern California and moved to Las Vegas to create parody rap videos that critique the healthcare system. His rap name? ZDoggMD.
It was in Vegas that ZDoggMD opened up his own healthcare clinic, Turntable Health, which doesn't charge exorbitant rates for a doctor's visit nor requires patients to have insurance. In fact, the monthly membership fee, which grants you access to a doctor at anytime, is only $80 dollars. Most Americans pay an average of about $328 dollars a month for health insurance.
He describes the decision to quit his job:
His goal? To revolutionize the healthcare system. And what better way to get the message out to a wider audience than by creating viral hits.
Take, for example, his hilarious parody of Taylor Swift's “Blank Space,” which amassed over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Yup, that's ZDoggMD, dressed in drag, wearing a blonde wig. He's literally the cracked-out version of Swift.
In the video, he plays a patient who's addicted to pain medications. With smeared lipstick all over his teeth, ZDoggMD sings, “Just gimme my pain meds, baby/Or I'll screw you on Yelp!”
Yes. This is funny. But it's also a very real problem: In the US, we advertise prescription medicine on television, which is illegal in many countries. And more Americans abuse prescription meds over heroin.
In fact, he made another rap video, from the perspective of big pharma, advertising on TV and profiting from the addiction of addicts. The song, titled “Big Pharma,” is a parody of Biggie's “Big Poppa.”
He sings, “‘Cause I push drugs/So my crew be gettin' paid/Sell you Viagra/Though you STILL ain't gettin' laid!”
He explains:
“Caregivers and patients are both sick in this broken non-system, and only these two groups working together can fix it. It may require a total reboot and rethink of how we do everything, but it can and will be done because the alternative isn't really an option anymore.”
Of course, not all of his videos deal with such heavy-handed topics. In a parody of Sinead O'Connor's “Nothing Compares to You,” he laments about doctors dealing with all sorts of gross bodily fluids. Nothing though, compares to poo:
ZDoggMD says doctors are being beaten down by the system just as patients are. He hopes that by getting the message out—loud and clear through his music—things can gradually start to change.
He says:
“People who go into medicine tend to be independent, autonomous (our training encourages this as well) and so organizing them is like herding cats. But without a voice we can't get s**t done and the bureaucrats stomp on us. It's a challenge, but times are changing and I think the next generation might be more inclined to work together for the cause.”
Check out the entire transcript of ZDoggMD's “Ask Me Anything” session here.
There are 300 Wi-Fi zones in and around the city, and the count keeps rising. But how in the world would one know where the zones are, and how far they are from your location?Two entrepreneurs Ravi Pratap and Sharat Potharaju have developed a mobile app called WiFire which maps the Wi-Fi zones in the city and informs you about the closest ones. It also allows you to connect to a zone with just one tap.The duo has also mapped Wi-Fi zones in the city based on a survey which reveals that Indiranagar has the highest number of zones while HSR Layout has the lowest.The duo explained that once you open the WiFire app it picks up your current GPS location. It then gives a drop down list of all the public Wi-Fi zones around. The same is also represented on a map.Once you click on any one of the hotspots on the list, you can see its location and how far it is from where you are. A single click on the Wi-Fi icon allows you to connect to the network.At the backend, the app auto-fills the details required to connect, generates the one-time password (OTP), auto-reads it and then feeds it to your device. Within five seconds the user is connected to the Wi-Fi hotspot of their choice.“We have in our app an option wherein a person can add a public Wi-Fi they use. This leads them to a group called Wi-Fi Saviour, but other than that there is no monetary gain out of doing so,” Ravi said.The team, through its survey, also understood that while there is noy much information available on Wi-Fi spot locations there is a huge crowd-sourcing movement hoping to change that.“There are a huge number of crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspots on our application. This is mainly because people want to develop a network where Wi-Fi is omnipresent in the city, and accessible. They want more and more people to use the digital infrastructure. It is almost like creating a database themselves in the absence of one and helping each other.”The user can also feed in any public Wi-Fi (no password required) that they discover. This is also a single tap process, wherein the person just clicks on it and adds the Wi-Fi hotspot on the app.A recent example of this is when Chinnaswamy Stadium got its Wi-Fi facility. Within three hours of the Wi-Fi being setup, a user had already marked it on the app for others to connect.Ravi, said, “Public Wi-Fi networks are open use. These are typically in restaurants, pubs and stores. Considering that Indiranagar is one of the most popular hangout areas, it's not surprising it has the highest number of Wi-Fi spots. The second highest is MG road. However, it is surprising that a place like Electronic City has only five hotspots.”According to their survey the least number of Wi-Fi spots are in HSR layout which has just three. The BMTC bus stops, the Kempegowda International Airport, the city railway station and Chinnaswamy stadium are also had Wi-Fi zones.This change in behaviour and crowd-sourcing information on Wi-Fi hotspots is a positive one and can help Bengaluru become a destination where one can access free public Wi-Fi almost anywhere.Public Wi-Fi is mainly used by people for emergency tasks such as booking cabs and autos back home, checking important work mails, etc. It is also used for social networking and viewing videos.
President Barack Obama on Monday announced a new proposal as part of his 2016 budget to tax the trillions in offshore profits made by U.S.-based multinational corporations, but critics say the plan leaves in place a system that "encourages companies to game the system to avoid U.S. taxes."
The proposal would impose a 19 percent tax on the future overseas earnings of U.S.-based companies, as well as a one-time 14 percent tax on the trillions in offshore profits that those companies hold right now. The Obama administration said revenues from the one-time tax will go toward fixing the country's crumbling infrastructure and filling in a projected gap in the Highway Trust Fund—which has suffered chronic shortfalls as revenues from fuel taxes remain unchanged since 1993 while construction costs continue to rise.
"Obama's decision to challenge international tax avoidance is laudable, but his execution leaves a lot to be desired." —Robert McIntyre, Citizens for Tax Justice
"President Barack Obama's decision to challenge international tax avoidance is laudable, but his execution leaves a lot to be desired," said Robert McIntyre, director of Citizens for Tax Justice. "If companies were required to pay the same tax rate on their foreign profits as their domestic income, then they should owe 35 percent on their accumulated foreign profits, rather than the 14 percent that President Obama is proposing under his new transition tax."
"Such a low tax rate would disproportionately benefit the worst corporate tax dodgers and leave billions in tax revenue on the table that could be used to make critical public investments," McIntyre said.
MSNBC explains:
Currently, U.S. corporations only have to pay taxes on earnings when they bring the money back home, at which point they're taxed at the full 35% corporate rate. That has led many corporations to stockpile cash overseas to avoid being taxed, sometimes delaying repatriation indefinitely.
Under Obama's plan, future corporate earnings overseas would face a minimum tax of 19%, which corporations could then bring back to the U.S. without being taxed further.
In addition, the New York Times reports, "The president will reiterate his call for a business income tax overhaul that lowers the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 28 percent, and 25 percent for manufacturers."
James Henry, senior adviser with the Tax Justice Network, stated on Monday, "The proposal is not as bad as what Bush did in 2004," referring to a previous tax repatriation holiday, "but if you keep doing this, you in effect repeal the corporate income tax."
In 2004, a number of U.S.-based corporations repatriated their overseas profits under an amnesty provision of the American Jobs Creation Act. However, as Citizens for Tax Justice pointed out (pdf) in 2009, Congress "utterly failed" to ensure that those profits were actually used for job creation or any economic stimulus.
"A recent study found that there was no positive correlation between a company's repatriated earnings and an increase in the permitted uses, but did find a positive correlation between the repatriation and increased repurchases of stock (effectively putting the money in the hands of the shareholders) which was NOT a permitted use under the bill," CTJ found.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
According to Robert Borosage, president of the Campaign for America's Future, the 2016 plan will allow more of the same results.
"The last time [corporations] pulled this scam," Borosage wrote on Monday, "they got a huge tax break and the money was largely used for mergers and stock buybacks, hiking the bonuses of the executive suite and doing virtually nothing for jobs. Worse, more corporations decided they could benefit from the scam, and started reporting more of their profits abroad. Only small business and patriotic corporations face the nominal corporate tax rate of 35 percent."
The administration defends the one-time tax by saying it would avoid the complications of the repatriation tax. "Unlike a voluntary repatriation holiday, which the president opposes and which would lose revenue, the president's proposed transition tax is a one-time, mandatory tax on previously untaxed foreign earnings, regardless of whether the earnings are repatriated," a White House official said Monday.
While the president's plan is preferable to existing tax loopholes, Borosage argues Obama is making the same political mistakes that punctuated budget negotiations with Republicans during his first term. "In rolling out his budget, the president said he learned that it was better to tell Americans what he thought should be done, than to compromise pre-emptively. So why not simply end deferral and tax multinational profits at the same rate as those of domestic businesses? Why give companies an incentive to move production or report profits abroad?"
Critics of the plan say large corporations, and their supporters in Congress, will be swift to take advantage of the White House position.
As Borosage notes, the proposal contained in Obama's budget "is just the opening bid. Corporate lobbyists are salivating about the bidding war that is about to take place. The president has accepted the principle of a tax holiday to pay for badly needed infrastructure spending. Now the question is simply a matter of price."
"In principle, President Obama's international corporate minimum tax is a smart move because it would no longer allow corporations to defer paying U.S. taxes until they bring those foreign profits back to the United States," said McIntyre. "In practice however, the proposed 19 percent rate is far too low and would leave in a place a system that favors international over domestic investment and encourages companies to game the system to avoid U.S. taxes."
"Its unfortunate that President Obama continues to insist on revenue-neutral corporate tax reform overall, rather than using this opportunity to call for raising revenue over the long term," McIntyre added.
Obama's budget announcement follows a separate proposal released Friday by Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-California) and Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky), which would tax corporations at 6.5 percent if they repatriated foreign profits within five years.
"This is how the rules get rigged," Borosage says. "We desperately need to rebuild America. The anti-tax lobby stops sensible tax hikes. The corporate lobby grabs the opportunity... And we wonder how the 1 percent has managed to capture virtually all of the country's income growth, while the middle class continues to sink."
No deal on sterling will mean no deal on national debt, Scottish first minister says, as all three pro-union parties back chancellor
Alex Salmond has renewed his threat that Scotland could refuse to pay its share of the UK's debt as he bitterly attacked George Osborne's decision to veto any currency union after independence.
Speaking in Edinburgh on Thursday, the chancellor said he had been officially advised by senior Treasury civil servants that a sterling zone between the UK and an independent Scotland would be unworkable, unstable and damaging to both countries.
Bolstered by the shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, and Danny Alexander, the Liberal Democrat chief secretary to the Treasury, Osborne said: "People need to know it's not going to happen."
After studying civil service analysis on the risks and complications involved in such a deal, Osborne said: "It is clear to me: I could not as chancellor recommend that we could share the pound with an independent Scotland."
Salmond, Scotland's first minister, retaliated by accusing the chancellor of "bluff, bluster and posturing" and insisting that a currency pact was "overwhelmingly" in the interests of both countries.
Facing the most focused and significant challenge so far to his plans for independence, Salmond described the joint attack from the UK parties as "a concerted bid by a Tory-led Westminster establishment to bully and intimidate".
Ignoring Osborne's jibe that to threaten a debt default was like threatening "to burn my own house down in protest", Salmond warned that if there was no deal on sterling, there would be no deal on Scotland paying its share of the £1.6tn of national debt expected by 2016. Initially turning down bids for television interviews, he issued a statement saying that if the UK did refuse to set up a new sterling zone, it would harm UK businesses and would leave the UK government having to pick up the entirety of UK debt.
"All the debt accrued up to the point of independence belongs legally to the Treasury, as they confirmed last month – and Scotland can't default on debt that's not legally ours," the statement said. "However, we've always taken the fair and reasonable position that Scotland should meet a fair share of the costs of that debt. But assets and liabilities go hand in hand, and – contrary to the assertions today – sterling and the Bank of England are clearly shared UK assets."
Salmond resisted mounting pressure from his opponents, and the Scottish Chambers of Commerce and Institute of Directors, to declare whether he has an alternative or plan B currency policy, but Nicola Sturgeon confirmed that the Scottish government could opt to use sterling without a formal deal. Pressed on what her government's alternative plans might be on the BBC2 programme Daily Politics, the deputy first minister insisted a currency union was workable, but added: "Scotland can't be prevented from using the pound – it's a fully tradeable currency."
Echoing warnings last month from Mark Carney, the Bank of England governor, the Treasury analysis said a currency union would be unstable without a close political union, a banking union and a shared fiscal policy that would allow the UK to dominate Scotland.
In a sign of the UK government's efforts to press home their case, Osborne took the unprecedented step of publishing the advice from Sir Nicholas Macpherson, the Treasury permanent secretary; advice to ministers usually is totally confidential and exempt from freedom of information legislation. Earlier Alexander, the most senior Scottish MP in the UK cabinet, rejected claims that ministers in London were bullying Scotland into rejecting independence. "A currency union would leave the rest of the UK highly exposed to fiscal and financial risks from a separate Scotland," he said.
"As a Scot and as chief secretary to the UK Treasury, on the basis of this analysis, I couldn't recommend a currency union to the people of Scotland, and my party couldn't agree to such a proposition for the rest of the UK."
Balls said: "It would be bad for Scotland, it would place an unacceptable burden on the UK taxpayer, it would repeat the mistakes of the euro area. In fact – worse – you'd be trying to negotiate a monetary union as Scotland is pulling away from the UK. It won't happen, I wouldn't recommend it. Scotland will not keep the pound if Scotland chooses independence."
The joint attack from Osborne, Alexander and Balls – the first time all three pro-union parties have endorsed the same economic policy on independence – will be used by the pro-UK Better Together group to mount a new "vote no to save the pound" campaign in coming weeks.
Several recent polls show a majority of Scottish and UK voters believe a currency union would be the best option for both countries. But Better Together sources said their private polling showed that economic security was a crucial factor for the "middle million" of Scotland's voters who have yet to make up their mind on independence.
"They feel the burden of proof rests with the Scottish National party and are looking for reassurance that things will be fine," the source said. "If there's a backlash, it will be short-lived and it will be from people who are already thinking that way anyway."
Henry McLeish, a former Labour first minister of Scotland, said there would be an immediate backlash in Scotland against Osborne's attack on the currency proposal. It would increase support for independence, by angering many wavering Scottish voters and building up their sense of alienation.
Insisting he would vote no to independence, McLeish told the Guardian: "The great danger for them is that the no campaign now is losing votes because it's so relentlessly negative, with no empathy for Scotland at all. [A lot] of people will say 'we're sick of this, these threats won't work'."
Two men have been arrested by FBI and indicted on weapons charges near St.Louis, Missouri. According to CBS news source the suspects were allegedly plotting to set off pipe bombs amid the ongoing Ferguson protests.
Another law enforcement official confirmed to Reuters that two men were suspected of buying explosives which they planned to detonate during protests in Ferguson.
The suspects were arrested by the federal agents on Thursdayas part of an undercover operation in St. Louis after they attempted to buyfirearms under false pretenses, according to theunsealed federal indictment.The official source told Reuters on condition of anonymity that the suspects were trying to acquire explosives for pipe bombs.
A law enforcement source tells @CBSNews the men arrested in undercover operation near Ferguson intended to use the explosives in pipe bombs — CBS News (@CBSNews) November 22, 2014
On Friday the suspects identified as Brandon Orlando Baldwin and Olajuwon Daviswere indicted on weapons charges for making purchases of two handguns at the Cabela's sporting goods store in Hazelwood.
According to the indictment, between November 1 and 13 the men acquired two Hi-Point .45 ACP pistols but the weapons were intended to be handed over to someone else.
A police source also said the investigation leading to the arrest spanned several months. Local and federal authorities executed search warrants at two residences in north St. Louis County. The source told St. Louis Todaythat the raids produced information that the detained had planned to obtain illegal weapons to do harm to law enforcement and the public.
READ MORE: KKK members may have infiltrated Ferguson cop support group - Anonymous
After the arrest, one of the leaders of the New Black Panther Party, Chawn Kweli, posted a message on his blog blaming the operation on Counterintelligence Program (COINTELPRO).
“The wicked enemies of black people use lies and deceit to confuse the masses and misdirect the legitimate aspirations of the black power movement,” Kweli wrote. “As seen, in St. Louis, Mo, with the arrest of Chairman Olajawon Ali, and other activist ahead of the decision on whether to indict Officer Darren Wilson for killing Mike Brown – or not!”
The FBI has been concerned about the presence of New Black Panther members since the August shooting of Michael Brown which sparked the months-long protests. In August, St. Louis Division of the FBI issued a warning that the New Black Panther Party along with its leader Chawn Kweli were in Ferguson to incite violence.
READ MORE: Ferguson police officer who killed Michael Brown reportedly set to resign
As residents continue to wait on a decision of the grand jury currently deliberating whether to indict Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson for the killing of Brown, the FBI has sent approximately 100 agents to the St. Louis area. Missouri Governor Jay Nixon has also declared a state of emergency and called in 400 National Guard troops to back up police in case of public outrage over the decision.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally last month in Mesa, Ariz. (Ross D. Franklin/AP)
Commentators have argued for months that Donald Trump's presidential campaign has the potential to unite white Americans' ethnic and economic anxieties into a powerful populist coalition.
For example, Lee Drutman noted that ethnically conservative and economically progressive populists who want increased spending on Social Security and a decrease in immigration vastly outnumber political conservatives and business Republicans. “So when Trump speaks out both against immigration and against fellow Republicans who want to cut Social Security,” Drutman wrote, “he's speaking out for a lot of people.”
New data show just how successful Trump has been. The data come from the RAND Corp.'s Presidential Election Panel Survey (PEPS), a collaborative project between RAND and the political scientists John Sides, Lynn Vavreck and myself. In the first of six PEPS surveys, a nationally representative sample of more than 3,000 respondents was interviewed in late December and early January (more details here). The initial survey results were released Wednesday.
Particularly important in this survey is its detailed measurement of attitudes toward racial and ethnic groups, as well as economic liberalism.
The PEPS follow prior research and measures resentment toward African Americans and immigrants with statements like “blacks could be just as well off as whites if they only tried harder” and “it bothers me when I come in contact with immigrants who speak little or no English.” It also contains a measure of ethnocentrism developed by Donald Kinder and Cindy Kam, which compares how favorably respondents rated whites to how favorably they rated minority groups.
Finally, the PEPS included questions about taxes, the minimum wage, government health care, big business and labor unions — which together form a reliable measure of economic liberalism.
Most striking is how each of these measures strongly correlates with support for Trump. The graph below shows that Trump performs best among Americans who express more resentment toward African Americans and immigrants and who tend to evaluate whites more favorably than minority groups.
Graph by Michael Tesler
Moreover, statistical models show that each of these three attitudes about minorities contributes independently to Trump's vote share. So much so, in fact, that GOP primary voters who score in the top 25 percent of their party on all three measures are 44 points more likely to support Donald Trump than those who score in the bottom 25 percent.
On economic issues, Trump separates himself even more from his closest competitor in the PEPS survey, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.). The graph below shows that Cruz outperforms Trump by about 15 percentage points among the most economically conservative Republicans. But Cruz loses to Trump by over 30 points among the quarter of Republicans who hold progressive positions on health care, taxes, the minimum wage and unions.
Graph by Michael Tesler
It appears from the PEPS data, then, that the Trump coalition unites resentment of minority groups with support for economically progressive policies.
That is also the takeaway from a collection of 19 surveys that have been conducted by YouGov every week or every other week between June 13 and Jan. 19. Each of those surveys asked its respondents to rate how important the issues of immigration and Social Security were to them.
The graph below shows that Trump's support throughout the past several months has been particularly strong among Republicans who think that both immigration and Social Security are “very important.” GOP voters who prioritize both issues are now about 40 points more likely to support Trump than Republicans who did not prioritize either.
Graph by Michael Tesler
These findings dovetail with multiple public opinion polls showing that Trump performs best among anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim Republicans. Doug Ahler and David Broockman have also shown that Trump is particularly popular with Republicans who have conservative positions on immigration and liberal positions on taxes.
These findings also support the idea that Trump's appeal mirrors Nixonian populism's blend of racial conservatism with tacit support for the welfare state — a blend often seen in Europe's right-wing populist parties as well as the presidential bid of George Wallace.
Of course, Trump does not always take liberal positions on economic issues. He opposes raising the minimum wage and has proposed a massive tax cut on high incomes. Yet Trump has repeatedly bucked conservative orthodoxy on such issues as protecting Social Security and Medicare, campaign finance reform, governmental health insurance, infrastructure spending and free trade.
Nevertheless, economically progressive positions, combined with Trump's harsh rhetoric about minority groups, seem to have created a powerful populist coalition that has made Trump the front-runner heading into the Iowa caucuses.
Michael Tesler is a assistant professor of political science at UC Irvine, co-author of “Obama's Race,” and author of the forthcoming, “Post-Racial or Most-Racial? Race and Politics in the Obama Era.”
When I was trying to come up with an image for the header of this site (which we call a “hero image” in the industry) I found two different pictures in my archive of people looking at screens that made a compelling contrast when placed side-by-side. The first picture shows an Air Force officer in the early 1960's pointing a light gun at a weapons direction console. The second photo shows a woman in around 1970 wearing casual clothes sitting on a cushion on the floor using a prototype personal computer.
The first image feels like a relic of the Cold War. The weapons direction console in the photo is a terminal of the SAGE (Semi-Automated Ground Environment) computer network – a continent-sized weapons system designed to defend North America in the event of a nuclear attack by Soviet bombers. The terminal is angular and sterile and covered in mysterious buttons and switches (and includes a built-in cigarette lighter and ashtray on the left side). The officer's gray uniform blends into the gray electronics that surround him and his stiff posture, his headset, and the light gun that he touches to the screen of his scope give them impression that he's part of this machinery himself. Just glimpsed over the officer's shoulder we can see the corner of another radar scope, and it's not hard to image the entire underground bunker, filled with row after row of dozens of these identical consoles, each with its own identical officer wired in to the system.
Although it's hard to see, this Air Force officer is using one of the first GUI (Graphical User Interface) computer systems. The light gun that the officer is holding to the screen was used to select targets on the readout. The screen itself, although it resembles a radar scope, is showing a digital representation surveillance data that has been collected from multiple sources and compiled by a computer. The Weapons Director Console is the first computer monitor . SAGE was both the first digital computer system and the first computer network. Before SAGE, computers were standalone systems which technicians interacted with indirectly, by feeding punch cards into the machine. But this changed with SAGE, as the demands of supersonic aerial combat necessitated rapid interaction and feedback between the “stakeholders” (Air Force officers) and the computer itself. These fire control officers, interacting directly with computer data in real time were the first “computer users” in the modern sense of the word.
The second photo, although only taken about a decade later, feels shockingly contemporary. The woman in the photo, a computer scientist at Stanford Research Institute (SRI), with her macrame sweater and chunky glasses wouldn't look out of place in a startup or advertising agency today. The machine she's using, although a little bulky, is clearly identifiable as a personal computer – she's looking at a monitor, and holding a mouse in her right hand. The computer is on a low desk and the woman using it is sitting on a cushion on the floor. There's even a coffee mug on the desk in front of her. Although working laptops and handheld computers were still years in the future, the designers of this system are working from a vision of ubiquitous informal computer usage.
What's harder to see in this second photo is that we're also looking at an Air Force contractor using Air Force technology developed as part of a Cold War program to defend America from Communism. The online System project, run by Douglas Engelbart at SRI, was originally proposed to the Air Force as a plan to train helicopter pilots . The funding for this project came from the military thru the Pentagon's Advanced Research Projects Administration (ARPA), and SRI itself was so deeply involved in military research and strategic planning that Stanford Students for a Democratic Society shut it down via sit-ins multiple times in the 1960s.
During that same decade bracketed by these 2 photos, America's primary military posture evolved from tactical nuclear warfare against the USSR to a counterinsurgency campaign in Southeast Asia. The Doomsday scenario was no longer Soviet nuclear bombs dropped on American cities, but the defeat of the American empire at home and abroad by anti-colonial, anti-racist, feminist liberation movements. Bombing campaigns were ineffective in suppressing resistance to US imperialism in Asia, so the US enacted a strategy of selective assassination combined with psychological warfare to win over the population: “Winning Hearts and Minds.”
Again, it's easy to see this Cold War Armageddon-in-the-Stratosphere scenario informing the aesthetics of the first photo, but doesn't the second photo also show an aesthetic of “Winning Hearts and Minds?” Look at that photo from the computer's perspective – it's winning the hearts and minds of the people who build and maintain its infrastructure.
So what if the transformation of the “computer user” shown between these two photos wasn't just happenstance? What if it was an evolution guided by the market forces of capitalism and the operational needs of US military infrastructure? What if this doctrine of “Winning Hearts and Minds” informed the fundamental design of the technology?
Pretty much all of the major issues of contemporary hardware engineering and user-experience design were worked out in the decade between when these first 2 photos were taken. SAGE was the first implementation of digital processing, random-access memory, computer graphics, external storage media, networking. The NLS system was the first implementation of video chat, collaborative editing, hypertext, the mouse. The world of the second photo isn't a break with the world of the first photo, it's a continuation of it. Cold War hardware and strategic purpose encapsulated in the aesthetics and affect of California counterculture.
How would a computer engineer “friendliness” in a user? How could a population be encouraged to allow a computer to influence their behavior because they feel that they have the same relationship of mutual communication and emotional feedback with the machine that they would with another person? What hormonal or neurotransmitter responses could be trained in a human to establish feelings of affection for the machine? What about using these newly-developed capabilities for displaying images to form meaningful references to culture and history? What about appealing to the user's sense of individualism?
The casual clothes and posture of the woman in the second photo, the way she sits on the floor, all expressions of individualism which at first would appear in defiance of the sterile military research laboratory where she works. But the laboratory tolerated these expressions of individualism, and even encouraged it. These engineers were carving out a space for individual expression within the Doomsday machinery of empire though a profusion of selfhood reminiscent of the group-therapy practices that were also a product of the late 1960's Bay Area. What if this profusion of selfhood, this appeal to individualism is how the network reproduces itself? By encouraging its users to use the network as a medium for constructing their selfhood? This is kind of a banal observation about self-branding on social media, but where did this practice originate? And why?
Capitalism expands by flooding new territories with libidinal energy, then reining that energy back in, leaving only superficial aesthetic traces.
Is “hippie computer scientist lady sitting on the office floor” a vision of a society built on love and liberation, or a premonition of reactionary hipsterism, gentrification, self-surveillance and imperialism disguised in faux-radical aesthetics?
Just to be clear, I'm not implying sentience on the part of the network here, or deception on the part of Engelbart and his team at SRI. These aren't secret agents pretending to be hippies while they enact a secret plan to build a mind-control system. These researchers were aware of the compromises they made in working at SRI, and may have even felt they were opportunistically exploiting an over-funded, poorly supervised bureaucracy. But they remained unconcerned with how the machinery of empire was gleaning aspects of their research for its own ends. The personal computer as we know it evolved from what the market and needs of US military infrastructure selected as useful. It was adequate to the circumstances, not necessarily optimal, and no more predetermined than any other form of evolution.
A few years after Engelbart developed the NLS at SRI, Alan Kay would build upon these developments at Xerox PARC, leveraging the next generation of computer graphics capabilities to display Sesame Street characters within the user interface because he felt that would encourage children to see the computer as a friendly and helpful presence in their lives, in the same way Sesame Street did for television.
The photo that I ended up using as the main image for this site is a picture of one of the SAGE “Blue Room” radar surveillance centers. Two parallel rows of fire control officers at their consoles, each one staring intently into the screen. There's a civilian in the front left, wearing a blue suit that blends in with the surroundings like a kind of bureaucratic camouflage. He's likely one of the IBM engineers or managers which built the system. The entire scene is bathed in a eerie blue light whose only contrast is the yellow-green glow of the weapons console displays. The blue tint isn't a photo filter – the rooms were lit with special blue lamps which enhanced the displays of the dim, slow-to-refresh weapons direction consoles. When these surveillance centers first went into operation, Air Force psychiatrists were concerned that long-term exposure to blue light combined with the strobing of the computer displays would have negative effects on the health of the officers.
These surveillance centers were contained deep inside concrete bunkers that housed massive, multi-room IBM AN/FSQ-7 Direction Control computers. The fire control officers were literally working from inside the computer. Row upon row of men, sitting at desks, reacting to patterns of light on a screen with utmost seriousness. They did this for 8 to 14 hours per day, with the years passing in a blend of 99.999% boredom and 0.001% sheer terror as they monitor their consoles for the intrusion that would signal the onset of Doomsday: the Communist attack, nuclear war.
This was not a form of organized human activity that existed before SAGE. There had been assembly lines for a few generations, but this isn't the labor of people doing repetitive work because there wasn't yet a machine to automate their labor. These men were decision making components of the computer, performing reasoning tasks that the computer wasn't yet fast or sophisticated enough to do on its own. When I look at that photo I see in that imperial Doomsday machine a foreshadowing of one of the most banal and ubiquitous forms of capitalist conformity and oppression: the office cubicle farm. Row after row of people sitting at desks, each one isolated into their own individual selves, staring at a pattern of light on a screen, pushing buttons and reacting to the patterns of light on the screen. Each one reports to their station day after day because their lives depend on it, monitoring their screens for the intrusions that could signal the collapse of the system.
Advertisements
The death of a man shot by a police officer in the chaos following Hurricane Katrina was newly classified as a homicide Wednesday by the New Orleans coroner.
Coroner Jeffrey Rouse made the announcement in the case of Henry Glover, whose body was burned by one police officer after another officer shot him on September 2, 2005. In a news release, Rouse said the classification — one his predecessor had declined to make — was based on a review of all available evidence and a review of court transcripts.
“This action today reflects my medical opinion, based upon the totality of the evidence, that the death of Henry Glover was due to the actions of another person,” Rouse said.
The immediate legal implications were unclear. Officer David Warren was acquitted by a federal jury after saying he believed Glover was armed when he fired at him.
Glover's family has long been calling for state charges in the case. The New Orleans district attorney's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Gregory McRae, a former officer convicted for burning Glover's body, is serving a 17-year federal sentence.
The classification has no effect on Warren's federal acquittal, said Richard Simmons, one of the lawyers who defended Warren, who is no longer a police officer. He said state authorities should accept the verdict of the federal jury.
Glover was shot outside a strip mall being guarded by police four days after levee failures during HurricaneKatrina led to catastrophic flooding, covering 80 percent of the city in water, knocking out all utilities and leaving tens of thousands stranded — some in their homes, some on rooftops amid the flooding, and many in the Superdome and the New Orleans convention center. Looting was widespread.
Initially convicted on a federal manslaughter charge, Warren won a new trial when an appeals court said he should have been tried separately from four other former officers charged in the cover-up of Glover's death. Another officer, convicted of writing a false report on the incident, had his conviction thrown out after new evidence surfaced. Two other officers were acquitted.
“Because there is no newly discovered evidence, it is fundamentally unfair, if not a violation of the principal of double jeopardy, to commence a third trial of Mr. Warren,” Simmons said.
McRae is seeking a new trial in the burning of the body and his case is tentatively set for a federal appeals court hearing the week of June 1. His attorney has argued that McRae was sleep-deprived and mentally unsound when he set fire to a car with Glover's body in it, and that McRae did not know at the time that Glover was the victim of a police shooting.
Glover's family members were upset with Warren's acquittal. They have pushed for state charges in the case and expressed dissatisfaction last year when former coroner Frank Minyard declined to classify the death as a homicide, although such a classification would not necessarily lead to criminal charges. Before leaving office last year, Minyard left the death classification as “undetermined” and said there was no new scientific evidence that warranted classifying the case.
The Glover case and other deadly police shootings in the days after Katrina further sullied the reputation of a New Orleans Police Department beleaguered by years of on-again-off-again scandal.
After Mayor Mitch Landrieu took office in 2010, he invited U.S. Justice Department scrutiny. The city eventually signed a federal court-backed agreement with the Justice Department to introduce a multitude of policy changes.
The new year started as weirdly as possible for the Heat, but they made it work.
Dwyane Wade suddenly came down with an illness shortly before tipoff and gutted it out for a rare bench appearance. The defense swung erratically from formidable to flimsy. Hassan Whiteside was dropping mid-range jumpers. And, Miami smoothed out all its improvisation for its most lopsided win of the year, clubbing the Mavericks 106-82 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena.
Whiteside and Goran Dragic did most of the fixing with brilliant performances, and the Heat controlled the action most of the night.
Whiteside matched his career-high with 25 points and made 12 of 16 shots to get there. He also grabbed a season-best 19 rebounds, the most by anyone on the Heat this year. He became the first Miami player to record multiple 25-point, 15-rebound games in the same season since Shaquille O'Neal in 2004-05.
"Hassan was a force," coach Erik Spoelstra said. "He was just so aggressive."
Dragic was not always in sync with Whiteside, but found other avenues to thrive while going for 15 points and seven assists. He scored three times in the paint, including a stunning fastbreak drive to beat Chandler Parsons and J.J. Barea for a layup. Dragic came from the left side, split the defenders, pump faked and flipped it in from the right.
Wade managed to give Miami (19-13) an efficient 19 minutes off the bench with 10 points and seven assists. He made 5 of 6 shots before resting the entire fourth quarter. It was his 10th appearance as a reserve in 812 career games and his second since the 2007-08 season.
The flu-like symptoms came out of nowhere for Wade, who did not mention any illness the past few days and seemed normal in the locker room as he prepared to go through his pre-game routine. The team listed him as a starter on its official lineup card, but he was not on the bench when the game began and Tyler Johnson filled in for him.
Wade felt weak during warm-ups and sat down for a minute to collect himself, then began shaking. He received intravenous fluids in the locker room while watching the first quarter on TV, then felt normal.
"The doc thought I was a little dehydrated, but it was all good," Wade said. "I was fine. I was able to see how they were guarding us, so I came out making plays early. It was easy to come in and play within the flow of the game."
Wade did not check in until midway through the second quarter, and the Heat had things well under control by then with a 14-point lead. After they went up 10 late in the first quarter, they never let Dallas (19-14) get closer than nine points. Miami was up 22 early in the fourth.
The Heat gave up 10 points on 22 percent shooting in the first quarter before allowing 36 on 62 percent in the second. They snapped back by limiting the Mavericks to 16 points in the third quarter and kept them to 36.4 percent for the night.
Dallas, which had won four straight, came in as the No. 8 offensive team in the NBA and had been held under 90 points just twice this season.
Chris Bosh scored 16 points and made 3 of 6 3-pointers to raise his accuracy to 41 percent for the season, by far the best on the team and the best of his career. Gerald Green added 19 points for his 12th double-digit scoring output in 26 games with Miami.
Whiteside, Bosh and others helped slow Dirk Nowitzki to 11 points, and Zaza Pachulia led the Mavericks with 14. Other than Wesley Matthews' 12, no one else reached double figures for Dallas.
Not only was it big for the Heat to ride out all the rockiness in their roster, but they avoided sinking into a three-game losing streak at a time when they badly need to gain ground. The schedule gets significantly more difficult starting with next week's West Coast road trip.
WASHINGTON --Defense Secretary Ash Carter used his personal email account for government business for nearly a year, until December 2015, when news reports revealed the practice, according to hundreds of Carter emails released by the Defense Department.
The 1,336 pages of emails and attachments from Carter's personal account were released late Friday in response to Freedom of Information Act requests by The Associated Press and other news organizations. None contained classified information, and most pertained to routine business such as scheduling and logistics.
Defense Secretary Carter regrets using personal email account
The Pentagon has long banned the use of personal email for official business. Carter's use of his personal email account, starting when he took office in February 2015, was especially remarkable given the burst of public criticism that followed disclosures in March that Hillary Clinton had used a private email account exclusively to conduct government business while she was secretary of state.
When the New York Times was first to report Carter's use of a personal email account, on Dec. 17, Carter aides said his actions were a mistake and that he had quit the practice.
Carter told CBS News correspondent Charlie D'Agata in December that he never sent anything classified via his personal account, but that he did "occasionally" send "administrative" emails to his "immediate staff."
"It's a mistake, and it's entirely my own," the secretary told D'Agata, saying that as soon as it became clear to him that the practice was against policy, "I stopped."
He said he generally doesn't use email to communicate much.
Carter conceded to D'Agata that the attention Clinton had received -- which involved multiple grillings by lawmakers on Capitol Hill, was "more reason why I should have been" careful to follow communications protocols, "and that's my fault."
Defense secretary admits "mistake" in using personal email for work
"I have to hold myself to strict standards," he told CBS News, "and I didn't in this case."
The emails released Friday show that while he used the personal account much less frequently starting in about September, he did not halt the practice entirely until December.
In a Nov. 21 email using his personal account he wrote, "My work email isn't working on my iPhone. If you need me this weekend please email me here and cc my work address too."
In what appears to be an auto-response message sent from his personal account on Dec. 18, Carter wrote, "I am no longer utilizing personal e-mail for the remainder of my time as the Secretary of Defense. If you need to get in touch with me regarding a personal matter please contact me on my cell phone. If you are contacting me pertaining to business please contact my Assistant, (redacted by Defense Department)."
He ended the note by writing, "You will not receive ANY additional response to this e-mail."
Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said in a statement to the AP that the released emails show that none contained classified information. Cook said all of Carter's work-related emails are preserved within the federal records system.
The Core Data Programming Guide clearly states that Core Data is not a database but since both Core Data and a database are ways of providing searchable, persistent storage, exactly how and why they are different may not be clear. In this post, I'll look at the way Core Data works and the reasons why its features and capabilities are different to those of common SQL databases — even though an SQL database may be used as the backing store.
Introduction
Both Core Data and an SQL database provide a means of persistently storing structured data in a searchable store.
Since programmers are generally familiar with databases and since Core Data is actually backed by an SQLite database, it is understandable that Core Data is often treated and used as though it were a wrapper around SQLite.
It is important to realize that although you can use Core Data in this way (in fact, it works very well like this), that Core Data actually operates over a different domain to SQLite — meaning that it provides lots of services that SQLite doesn't but also that Core Data can't provide some of the services that SQLite can. Even for services that both technologies provide, there are different performance considerations.
Primary function of a database
The somewhat narrow description of database that I will use is: persistent and searchable storage for data in table, row, column format where the primary goal is to keep the data up-to-date on disk at all times, with a secondary goal of powerful, focussed, narrow fetching and updating capabilities.
There are lots of database implementations and many provide features far beyond this description but I'm really looking at the key components of a straightforward SQLite-style database implementation with which many programmers are familiar.
Despite many databases being called "relational" (which implies that they have a degree of support for object connectivity), SQLite and many other relational databases don't handle the mechanics of connecting objects; maintaining state (like a object relation) between columns, rows or tables is left to the user of the database. In this sense, a database is "dumb" storage — rows have few behaviors beyond "read" and "write" and extending or customizing their behavior would involve extending the database system itself. Even when triggers are available, their programmatic capabilities are limited.
Primary function of Core Data
At its heart, Core Data is an object graph manager with lifecycle, searching and persistence features. In the case of Core Data, object graph management includes:
You can connect object A to object B and the connection at both the A and B ends is kept perpetually in sync.
If you change the connection at the A end, the B end will be updated and all changes trigger notifications (to which you can attach arbitrary code)
Deletion of objects at one end of a connection can trigger cascading deletion or nullify responses.
The other end of a connection can exist out of memory (faulted) unless the connection is actually followed at which time the connected object is loaded.
Unlike a typical database, Core Data can be used totally in-memory. While Core Data is often called a "object persistence" framework (since it is expected that you will use its persistence features), it is actually possible to use Core Data entirely in-memory without any form of persistence. Of course, once you have data, it is reasonable to want to keep that data, so persistence is treated as a major feature of the framework but it is important to know that persistence is not mandatory.
Also unlike a database, it is possible to use Core Data without any form of searching. If you allocate and connect all your objects, all you need to do is hold onto one of them and you can walk through everything without needing a fetch request. This search-less behavior is not because Core Data transparently performs a search: once data is loaded in memory, following a connection does not involve a search.
All Core Data objects are fully instantiated Objective-C objects that manage most of their own attributes, relationships and lifecycle. This also means that their properties and behaviors are implemented by methods, making them both observable and overrideable.
Databases and object graph management are not inherently exclusive
While not available by default in SQLite, the "foreign key" of MySQL, and other SQL:2003 compliant databases, can handle keeping identifiers in different tables in sync and even cascade deletion when requested. The programmatic customization abilities of overrideable objects is not available but the basics of graph management are there.
There are other object relational frameworks that work closer to Core Data's model but which try to behave as an atomic, transactional database. To update the object graph, these frameworks must:
load appropriate rows from a database
instantiate objects from these rows
make changes to the graph objects that are now in memory
commit the changes back to the database
To be properly atomic, these steps must all be performed as a single transaction (with no other reads or write to the affected rows during the transaction). While some systems might require this, it is far too slow for a general object graph system.
Core Data does not follow this model as Core Data aims to be a more general object management system — and that means that it needs far better performance and flexibility than this model would allow.
Operating in-memory versus an on-disk database
Without access to the source code, it's not entirely clear. We can only assume that the NSManagedObjectContext tracks instantiated objects in a heap or structured container of some form so that it can find them again.
This tracking structure may behave a bit like an in-memory database but it would only be for tracking the existence of instantiated objects — it is important to note that it would not itself store any data. Also note that the centralized NSManagedObjectContext and any structures it might maintain are not how you interact with instantiated NSManagedObject s — you interact with an NSManagedObject by sending messages to NSManagedObject pointers.
The reason that Core Data focuses on an in-memory representation is speed. For object graph changes that affect multiple objects, it is much faster if they are all in memory already, rather than needing to search for them again in the database.
For temporary objects (data that doesn't have to be saved to disk) Core Data can create, change and manipulate objects much faster than SQLite can since SQLite has to update indexes and update nodes in the B-tree, as well as simply allocating space and setting values. Core Data can allocate millions of objects in a few seconds, where SQLite might take a few minutes for the same number of allocations.
The tradeoff with an in-memory approach is that SQLite is still used as the backing store. Reading from disk and saving to disk involves all of SQLite's overheads plus the overhead of the Core Data to SQLite conversion process — so is invariably slower than SQLite alone.
Common database tasks that Core Data doesn't do
I've spoken about features that Core Data has that databases do not. It is important to consider some of the features that Core Data's approach lacks with respect to a database.
Core Data cannot operate on data without loading the data into memory
In SQL you can simply " DROP tableName " to delete whole tables or update every column of a table with commands like " UPDATE tableName SET key1 = value WHERE key2 = otherValue ". These commands can efficiently update vast amounts of data because they only need to load small amounts of data into RAM at any given time.
Core Data doesn't work in this perpetually on-disk manner — it only works on objects in memory. Even if you only want to delete an object, it must be loaded and instantiated in RAM.
Of course, this is necessary because the object, and its potentially overridden behaviors must be loaded and invoked. There are also connections to be kept up to date with other objects.
However this constraint has implications: if you're trying to change huge numbers of objects (tens of thousands or more) you will need to consider keeping your memory footprint down. This can be done by periodically refaulting unchanged values ( refreshObject:mergeChanges: ) or avoiding the fetch of an object's data ( setIncludesPropertyValues:NO on NSFetchRequest ) or even saving the whole context and releasing all the objects you're holding.
Core Data does not handle data logic
There are a few data-related features that SQL contains, a good example being "unique" keys, that Core Data does not include.
There are a couple of technical reasons why this might be the case. Subclasses can override the getter and setter for an attribute to the point where it is unclear whether it is or is not unique. In fact, transient Core Data attributes need not even support isEqual: .
However, I suspect the distinction is actually that Core Data offers no real support for attribute behaviors at all. Core Data manages the "graph" (connections) but the data attributes are all the responsibility of the business logic in the rest of the program; convenient as it may be, it falls outside Core Data's conceptual domain.
Multi-threaded, multi-user scenarios
Core Data does not offer any amount of threading support. To be fair, SQLite is single threaded too but many other databases are multi-threaded and multi-user.
Core Data has been designed for single-user environments (running inside desktop and iPhone apps). Getting rid of threading and locking makes the framework much faster and simpler to work with in its standard usage scenarios.
However, there are still situations where you will want multiple threads reading your data. NSManagedObject s and their NSManagedObjectContext should be accessed from a single thread only. If you need another thread working on the same data, you need to save the file and reopen using a different NSManagedObjectContext in the other thread.
Summary
News in Science
Dust storm triggers ocean bloom
The red dust storm that dumped thousands of tonnes of soil across eastern Australia two weeks ago has caused an explosion in microscopic life in Sydney Harbour and beyond.
Researchers analysing the impact say the finding validates plans to increase fish stocks to feed some of the world's poorest people using ocean fertilisation.
Professor Ian Jones, director of the Ocean Technology Group at University of Sydney, says enriching oceans with nitrogen will also aid the fight against climate change.
Jones' comments follow an analysis of the impact on the sea of the 23 September dust storm that swept across New South Wales and southeast Queensland.
At its peak the storm carried about 140,000 tonnes of soil an hour from central Australia.
Tripling in size
An estimated 4000 tonnes of dust settled on Sydney, while Jones and his colleagues calculate about three million tonnes landed in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand.
Measurements taken at the Sydney Institute of Marine Science on the harbour's north shore show a tripling of microscopic plant life, or phytoplankton, at the Chowder Bay site and in samples taken 10 kilometres off shore.
The scientists measure the presence of phytoplankton using remote sensing technology that can detect chlorophyll in the plants, which form the base of the ocean food chain.
Jones says phytoplankton needs nutrients such as nitrogen and phosphate to grow, nutrients that are scarce in what he calls Australia's "desert" ocean waters, but were abundant in the topsoil that blew across the country.
Like all plants, phytoplankton take in carbon dioxide from the air, which is carried to the bottom of the ocean when the plants die.
Jones says it is estimated eight million tonnes of CO2 was captured by the extra two million tonnes of phytoplankton that grew in the Tasman Sea, the equivalent of a month's emissions from a coal-fired power station.
He says the dust storm was a natural experiment that supports their work in fertilising the ocean by adding nitrogen-rich urea to the sea.
According to Jones this promotes the growth of phytoplankton near the surface of the ocean, which then leads to an increase in fish numbers.
Further tests
Jones and colleague Associate Professor Rob Wheen, also of Sydney University, are waiting for approval to test the approach in Australian sea waters.
They want to inject 2.5 tonnes of urea into the ocean to increase the amount of phytoplankton in a controlled area.
"More phytoplankton growth means more stocks of fish. I see much promise in ocean nourishment being able to provide economical protein for vast numbers of malnourished people," says Jones.
He says a continuously nourished patch of water about 20 kilometres in diameter could double the income of artisan fishermen in countries such as Morocco, and provide a constant source of protein to local people.
"All this while storing 10 million tonnes per year of carbon dioxide in the deep ocean," he says.
A Nature paper earlier this year questioned the amount of CO2 captured through ocean fertilisation and raised concerns about increases in algal blooms.
Jones says these criticisms were directed at research that used iron to enrich the ocean, rather than nitrogen.
He says the harbour findings show there is little danger to the environment from enriching the sea with nitrogen - five days after the dust storm phytoplankton levels were back to normal.
Community Forums Nugget – How to program iOS application preferences for the iPhone Settings > General section
On the Community forums, David J recently asked: "Most iOS apps have the preferences set into the Settings > General section instead of embedded in the app. Any example on how to split that and take it out of the app and place it in the correct place on iOS? Thanks for any light"
I replied: David Clegg wrote an article that shows you how to do this for Delphi (would work the same for C++Builder). you can find the article at http://community.embarcadero.com/article/technical-articles/162-programming/1852-persisting-settings-in-delphi-ios-applications. Cleggy notes: "In Cocoa apps created in Xcode, the way to specify settings associated with your app is to include a settings.bundle when compiling your app. For Delphi apps, the approach is no different. You can leverage Xcode to create the settings bundle, which you can refer to when specifying the resources to bundle in your compiled Delphi app." Cleggy goes on to show you how to create a settings.app bundle to include in your Delphi or C++Builder iOS application. He also includes code for reading and writing the settings.
During an “Ask me anything” session on the social news website Reddit, President Obama tepidly suggested “mobilizing a constitutional amendment process to overturn Citizens United” in the days ahead.
Many of his supporters would like to see the Democratic president spearhead a campaign to end the flooding of electoral politics with corporate money. But the facts suggest it's too little too late: Republicans are set to spend more than $1 billion in the effort to recapture the White House this November. A slew of right-wing billionaires have been pumping tens of millions of dollars into media campaigns in vital swing states.
Obama recognized the virtual impossibility of overturning Citizens United in the current political landscape, but meekly said the effort would make a necessary demonstration of what should be done with regard to money in politics — a sentiment many on the left were looking for in greater force two years ago during the battle for a public health insurance option.
— Posted by Alexander Reed Kelly.
Kathy Willens/AP Images
SCOTT RAAB: I'm writing a book about LeBron. I'm a Cleveland guy. I'm mad at him.
CHRIS ROCK: I don't even see what the big story is. The owner's an idiot. Why is the owner an idiot? I said it on television — you can look it up. I was at a Lakers game — they were probably playing the Knicks. It was on TNT, and Kenny and Mark Jackson and whoever interviewed me on the sidelines, they asked me about LeBron. I said, "They should trade him." I said it, on national television.
SR: We thought he was coming back, Chris.
CR: I said you should trade him. I said any owner, any big-ego owner would take this shot. You could've got any player — you literally could've got Kobe Bryant. You could've got any player you wanted. You could've gotten literally any player outside of Kevin Durant and Dwight Howard. Any player. You could've got any two or three players you liked. I said this on national television. You could look it up — you're a writer.
I said that in the middle of the season. The day the season was over, I was doing press for Grown Ups, the movie I did with Sandler. They asked me again: "Where's LeBron going? What's going to happen?" I said, "Well, if he's going to Cleveland, you will know within 24 hours, but if Pat Riley gets him in a room, it's all over."
SR: We thought he was coming back.
CR: Why would you think he's coming back? People move from Cleveland to Miami every fucking day. They don't move from Miami to Cleveland.
SR: Because of his mother. Because of Gloria.
CR: Well, guess where his mother's living right now. In fucking Miami. I saw that coming a mile away. Are you kidding me? He's not signing his extension? Trade him right now.
SR: He signed for the three years. They all did — he and Bosh and Wade.
CR: He didn't realize it? He's an idiot — the owner's an idiot. You're in Cleveland, dude.
SR: You're killing me, man. You're killing me.
CR: It's Cleveland, man. And I'm not disparaging Cleveland.
SR: Yes, you are.
CR: I've had some great shows in Cleveland.
SR: Yeah.
CR: But... I'm 25 — whatever LeBron is — and even though he's got a baby mama, he's not married.
SR: Savannah's more than just a baby mama.
CR: Fine.
SR: She's down there.
CR: God bless her. Who didn't see this guy going to Miami?
SR: We didn't see him going to Miami.
CR: How did I see it?
SR: Because you have enough distance. Did you think he was coming here?
CR: New York's a weird — New York can intimidate people. New York intimidated everybody except Donnie Walsh, and it's still...
SR: Amar'e's doing fine.
CR: [Knicks president] Donnie Walsh said, "Well, we're losing already; why not lose for four more years and clear up some cap space?" He's the only guy that it didn't intimidate. New York intimidated [owner James] Dolan and Isaiah — it intimidates everybody. I never thought he was coming here.
SR: New Jersey had the Russian billionaire and Jay-Z, and they left and here comes Donnie on his walker. You know about all this?
CR: I have inside information. He wasn't coming here. He went to Miami. I don't understand why —
SR: I've been down there three times — I get the part about, it's beautiful, the women are unbelievable.
CR: It's Miami. Dude, they're on the fucking beach right now.
SR: He tweeted that he was up watching Poetic Justice this morning.
CR: Dude, they're on the beach right now, in fucking sandals. And by the way, most people from Cleveland would do the exact same thing — would move to Miami at the drop — dude, I'm 45, I'm tired of the fucking winter.
SR: It's hard to believe you're 45.
CR: I'm tired of the fucking winter.
SR: You look excellent for 45.
CR: Winter is like — thank you.
SR: But isn't winter enlivening, too?
CR: Parts of it are, yeah. But to be that young, and to be...
SR: Young, gifted, black, rich.
CR: To be that young, and that gifted — why wouldn't you go to Miami? I mean, I wish he'd have gone to the Clippers, to tell you the truth.
SR: Why the Clippers?
CR: Because he'd have got his weather, and he could've really had his team. The whole him and Wade thing is a little odd to me.
SR: They seem to have worked it out nicely.
CR: They seem to be fine.
SR: They're playing great ball right now.
CR: They are playing great ball.
SR: There was a bit of a mutiny, but apparently Riley had Spoelstra's back. LeBron's people floated stuff to Chris Broussard about how players felt that maybe Spoelstra wasn't the right guy. I was hoping they would dump Spoelstra and hand the keys to LeBron like they did in Cleveland. Didn't happen.
CR: Because Wade actually has an interesting — he won a championship with Riley, and he lost 60 games with Riley. Wade doesn't feel like practicing like that ever again in his life.
SR: He does not want to play for Pat Riley.
CR: No. He loves Pat Riley, he takes Pat Riley's money, but he does not want to play for Pat Riley. And LeBron thinks he wants to play for Pat Riley.
SR: He does not want to play for Pat Riley.
CR: On the other hand, they'd win the championship with Pat Riley as coach.
SR: I think they're going to do all right with Spoelstra. They're playing great defense, and they're having fun on O.
CR: Really? That shocked everybody — that he left?
SR: Yes. It did. Up to the day — up to July 8, I had people calling me from the organization calling me, saying, "Don't worry — it's just LeBron being LeBron. He's got everyone where he wants them." They believed right up to that day, they did.
CR: I knew he was gone. I knew he was gone. Look it up.
SR: I don't question that.
CR: I'm like, get anything. Were they playing the Nets? I said, get Brook Lopez and Devin Harris and two picks — anything's better than losing him to nothing.
SR: They got shitty picks. They wound up doing a sign-and-trade, and they got shitty picks from Miami.
CR: They should've took what's-his-name. They were so devastated, they should've took...
SR: Beasley. Apparently they didn't even want him. Beasley can play.
CR: Beasley looks good right now. Beasley looks really good.
SR: And the Cavs have laid down and died.
CR: That's the biggest shock, actually. I thought they were a playoff team.
SR: And for five months, all they heard was how shitty they were, and how he had to leave Cleveland to win.
CR: You've got to realize this, too: The Cleveland Cavaliers last year, when you look at the playoffs, when you look at the final eight teams, they had the worst team.
SR: But no one picked the Celtics to come out of the East.
CR: You take Kevin Garnett out of the Celtics, they're still a playoff team. You take Dwight Howard off of fucking Orlando, they're still a playoff team. You take LeBron James off of the Cleveland Cavaliers, they're a lottery team.
SR: I shouldn't have even started this. I'm going to start crying.
CR: I said this last year — these aren't real pieces they're putting around him. Mo Williams is B.J. Armstrong. He's not Scottie Pippen. He's B.J. Armstrong. He's not Scottie Pippen. Scottie Pippen is in the Hall of Fame.
SR: And Shaq wasn't doing what he's doing this year with Boston.
CR: Shaq's doing exactly what he was doing — he's just getting in the way.
SR: But they're getting him the ball late in their offense rather than trying to force it in.
CR: That, too, but please — if the Knicks had Shaq right now, they'd have won four more games, just because they have nobody in the middle.
SR: Well, I've learned to like Miami, and I can't dispute a word you're saying. As much as I would like to.
CR: I would bet — I would've liked to have seen him stay, just for basketball. I think it's good for the sport, and for the town. I mean, Cleveland's not a minor market.
SR: When I was a kid, it was one of the top ten cities.
CR: Cliff Lee, and Sabathia — it's weird.
SR: Cleveland suffers. It's a miserable sports town. It's brutal.
CR: It's the weather, dude. I mean, it shouldn't matter that much to LeBron — you do play inside — but right now they're outside. His kids are literally outside. But he was wrong — you don't break up with your girlfriend on TV.
PLUS: Read Scott Raab's Full Interview with Chris Rock >>
--
Click here to follow the @Scott_Raab journey on Twitter and click the tabs above at left for more on LeBron's flight.
The New York Times headline (4/15/15) paints a dire picture:
Turmoil at Voice of America Is Seen as Hurting US Ability to Counter Propaganda
But wait a second–isn't Voice of America itself a propaganda outlet? Not in the New York Times stylebook, apparently. The piece, by Ron Nixon, describes VOA as “the government agency that is charged with presenting America's viewpoint to the world.” Later on, the Times refers to what it calls “America's public diplomacy.”
The US's enemies, on the other hand, have “sophisticated propaganda machines that have expanded the influence of countries like China and Russia and terrorist groups like the Islamic State.” The difference between “propaganda machines” and “public diplomacy” is never explained in the article, but the former appears to be what “they” do while the latter is what “we” do.
The only source quoted in the article who's not directly connected to the government is Glen Howard, president of the Jamestown Foundation, described as “a Washington think tank.” (“We are getting our butts kicked…. Countries like Russia are running circles around us,” Howard says.) Not mentioned is the fact that Jamestown was founded with the help of then-CIA Director William Casey to provide financial support for the Agency's spies (Washington Post, 1/10/05).
The article reports that since the Cold War, which it helped win by “providing unfiltered news to dissidents and countering communist propaganda in the Soviet Union and Soviet-backed countries,” VOA has been “pulled between providing credible news and supporting American policy.” Congressional Republicans want to
revise the Voice of America's charter to state explicitly that the agency has a role in supporting American “public diplomacy” and countering propaganda from other countries.
In other words, they're insisting that VOA make its news more propagandistic. And the New York Times refers consistently to this goal throughout the article as “countering propaganda.”
When you have arguably the US's most prestigious for-profit media outlet describing government propaganda as “efforts to counter propaganda,” it's pretty clear that the nation's demand for propaganda is going to be met–whether by the public or the private sector.
A notoriously corrupt Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) manager fired in the first day of President Donald Trump's presidency — to rousing acclaim from veterans who heralded it as a sign of lasting reform — has been returned to work by VA officials after he filed a civil-service protections appeal.
The return of the Puerto Rico hospital director is the latest example of Trump's reform efforts encountering the entrenchment of what he has called Washington's swamp, and comes in the same month a court ruled that the VA may not even be able to fire the Phoenix hospital director, who is a convicted felon as a result of job-related misconduct.
“On the morning of January 20, 2017, the Department removed DeWayne Hamlin, the director of the VA Caribbean Healthcare System, from the federal civil service. Mr. Hamlin subsequently appealed his removal to the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB), and because of particulars in his case that remains under active litigation, he was brought back to work at VA,” spokesman James Hutton told The Daily Caller News Foundation.
“As we have underscored since January 20, President Trump and Secretary [David] Shulkin have made employee accountability at VA a top priority, and we will continue to take appropriate disciplinary actions with our employees. The Secretary in this case was not able to overturn this decision once he was made aware of it. We need this ability in new legislation.”
Hamlin was returned to work at the VA despite the attempted firing of whistleblower Joseph Colon, who alerted officials that Hamlin was arrested for intoxicated driving and found with painkiller pills for which he didn't have a prescription. Diversion of opiates from the VA system for recreational purposes is a major problem at the VA.
Worse, when a subordinate enraged him by refusing to carry out the wrongful firing, that subordinate, Rosayma Lopez, was offered $300,000 in taxpayer money to quit–which would have been the largest settlement in recent department history. Lopez refused to take the cash.
The incidents were just one of many serious problems at the Puerto Rico veterans hospital Hamlin led, including chronic absenteeism. But even after all of those incidents, former President Barack Obama's VA Secretary Bob McDonald flew Hamlin to Washington to shape other managers in his image at a “Leaders Developing Leaders” seminar.
Hamlin was fired Jan. 20, the day of President Trump's inauguration. But numerous employees of the Puerto Rico VA told TheDCNF they were shocked and disgusted to see him return to the facility this month.
VA lawyers were coy, writing on May 9 that “No, Mr. Hamlin is certainly not back on his job… we are waiting on a new hearing date from the judge at the moment.”
But pressed to explain the sightings, Hutton acknowledged he was “brought back to work at VA.” Hutton did not say what his job title is, but he is not listed as the hospital's director.
Secretary Shulkin has increasingly faulted the MSPB for interpreting civil service rules in a way that blocks discipline of employees even when there is a slam-dunk case demonstrating severe misconduct.
He has pleaded for legislation making it easier for managers to deal with problem workers, but proposals have frequently stalled in the Senate under Committee on Veterans Affairs Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson of Georgia.
Hutton told TheDCNF: “As this demonstrates, more needs to be done. VA will continue to work with Congress on priority legislation that will ensure the Department can appropriately manage its employees at all levels, to ensure accountability, especially in cases when employees are derelict in their duties or fail to care for Veterans.”
But Hutton did not respond to facts that suggest that less-than-aggressive efforts by top VA officials to fire employees, rather than the MSPB, may have a role in the return. Although the outside body does sometimes overturn discipline, it is up to VA managers to zealously build and prosecute cases.
In fact, the MSPB has not even ruled on Hamlin's case. And the case for firing that the VA presented did not even include some of the worst and most easily provable of his conduct. (RELATED: Trump's VA Still Has Dem Picks In Top Roles)
“I do not know why the charges do not include my detail, the bribe he committed when he offered me $305,000 to quit, and other things such as his DUI. I feel that the VA did this soft proposal removal so he could return to the VA,” Lopez wrote to VA lawyers, according to emails obtained by TheDCNF.
The Office of Special Counsel, a federal agency that is separate from the VA, has taken multiple years to determine whether Hamlin's actions constitute whistleblower retaliation.
They have still not ruled, and it is possible that the VA intends to fire Hamlin again once they can cite an outside agency as evidence. But it is unclear why the agency has brought him back rather than fighting the existing MSPB battle as aggressively as possible.
VA managers have frequently seemed inclined to fold when faced with the prospect of unwieldy litigation brought by fired employees–who sometimes use a loophole to bill their personal lawyers to taxpayers.
Former Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson agreed to pay Japhet Rivera, a former Hamlin deputy, $85,000 to quit after he contested being fired by an Illinois hospital for rarely showing up to work, taunting an intern with the fact that he had sex with her mother–who was also an employee–and threatening to fire an employee who told on him. Thanks to the fact that the VA agreed to a settlement rather than fighting for a firing, Rivera is now undersecretary of the Puerto Rico Department of Health.
Follow Luke on Twitter. Send tips to luke@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Muni union not giving what city wants to take
Muni drivers and management remain as far apart as ever over the city's demand for major contract concessions - but then, the list of proposed take-backs is long.
Among them:
-- The 8 percent pay premium for drivers who work after 6 p.m.
-- The 50-cents-an-hour premium for employees who work in the same Muni division for more than five years.
-- The $2-an-hour premium for drivers who are transferred to another shift or division.
-- Free fitness club memberships for employees, which cost the system about $200,000 a year.
-- Free Muni passes for drivers and their families.
Management also wants to reassign the six employees now paid to do union business full time. And it wants to boost the workload for the three dozen or so "full-time" drivers who, for reasons no one can explain, are now assigned to just one run a day.
Officials of the Transport Workers Union say their members are being "scapegoated in the mass media for the financial mess," and that the real problem is Muni mismanagement and bloated salaries for executives.
Some of the work rules that Muni is trying to amend were supposed to have been changed under a 2007 City Charter amendment that guaranteed Muni drivers would be the second-highest-paid in the nation.
One manager told us, however, that as soon as Muni started negotiating the changes, the union went screaming to Mayor Gavin Newsom, who was gearing up to run for governor at the time - and Muni was told to back off.
Bunk, says mayoral spokesman Tony Winnicker. He insists it was Muni brass that didn't want to put the screws to the drivers at the time, fearing they would end up with an even more entrenched union leadership.
Besides, once the charter was amended, the city had given away any leverage it had to get the work rules changed.
It's not helping the current situation that the union is in such disarray that it canceled votes this week on its counteroffer to Muni.
Or that union local President Irwin Lum, pleading that he needed a break from the stress, took off to Paris for rest.
Kaplan kicks it up: She's been in office for just a year, but Oakland City Councilwoman RebeccaKaplan announced Tuesday that she's forming a committee to raise money for a mayoral run - a move she hopes will kick the race wide open.
"It's taking the next step on what is a fascinating journey," Kaplan said.
The first step might have come during her run for City Council when she switched from Green Party member to Democrat, securing a number of endorsements in the process.
Kaplan - who served on the AC Transit board before winning her at-large council seat - joins fellow Councilwoman JeanQuan and former state Senate President Pro Tem DonPerata in the lineup to replace Mayor Ron Dellums, who has yet to announce whether he will run for re-election in November.
Kaplan is a progressive, an environmentalist and a lesbian - three groups that have healthy constituencies in Oakland. Since coming on the council, she has also courted the town's small businesses and builders and was instrumental in the campaign to create a tax on medical marijuana clubs.
"Oh boy," said City Councilman Larry Reid. "This is going to make things very interesting.
"But then, things are always interesting here in Oakland."
Party time: For somebody who never liked to ask for money, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom sure has been burning up the phone lines lately to score dollars for his run for lieutenant governor.
Newsom raised $121,000 in the past month, on top of the $255,000 he already had on hand - and he'll need every bit of it.
His rival for the Democratic nomination, Los Angeles Councilwoman Janice Hahn, isn't backing down - as evidenced by her decision to seek the state party's endorsement at this weekend's convention in Los Angeles, something she had pledged not to waste resources on before Newsom's late entry into the race.
Hahn is breaking out the checkbook big time, for everything from a Friday night chocolate and martini party for the convention's 2,800 delegates to "Hahn 2010" hand sanitizer.
As a result, Newsom is being drawn into a party endorsement fight his advisers don't expect to win.
He's also having a bit of trouble on the local front: Newsom failed to get the 60 percent vote he needed to win the city's Irish American Democratic Club endorsement, and the San Francisco Women's Political Committee went for Hahn despite a pitch from the mayor.
EXTRA! Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports
After having a poor performance in the first leg in Paris, it was important for Chelsea FC keeper Petr Cech to bounce back in the second leg and he sure did. Cech was inspirational from the get go and did not put a foot, or fist, or hand, wrong all game long. His saves from Ezequiel Lavezzi's free kick and Marquinhos's last gasp attempt stand out but Petr Cech was a commanding presence all the way through. After the match, Cech hailed Chelsea's spirit and performance and compared it to the magical comeback against Napoli in 2012.
“It's right up there with the Napoli game, it was the same circumstances and we came to the game having to win by two goals against a very dangerous counter-attacking side. They (PSG) did very well, but we were brilliant from start to finish. We dealt with the danger of their counter-attacks quite well regarding the circumstances, but we risked quite a lot in the second half so we had to make sure we were ready.”
Petr Cech went on to praise the “never say die” attitude of the Blues and their positive body language and attitude despite the setback of hitting the crossbar twice within minutes.
“What I liked was the moment when we hit the crossbar twice in a row, nobody put their head down. We just kept digging, and that was the key because we kept right on to the end. It was always going to be a frantic last five minutes like that, so we had to make sure everybody was ready and up to the task, but we were for the whole game, so it was not a problem.”
The man of the match award could have easily gone to Petr Cech for putting on a masterclass performance between the sticks for the Blues. He was dominant in the air and held on to many shots that could have been fumbled or deflected in to the path of another PSG attacker. As usual, when Chelsea are clicking on all cylinders and playing well, it begins with the play of their legendary keeper.
Follow us on Twitter at @PrideOLondon
Like us on Facebook at The Pride of London
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Dakita Wright (Raleigh/Wake City-County Bureau of Identification)
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Dakita Wright (Raleigh/Wake City-County Bureau of Identification)
ZEBULON, N.C. (WNCN) - A Zebulon woman was arrested over the weekend on warrants out of Nash County for statutory rape of a child and contributing to the delinquency of a minor, Chief Deputy Brandon Medina of the Nash County Sheriff's Office said.
Dakita Joyce Wright, 28, was arrested by the Wake County Sheriff's Office on July 23 on charges out of Nash County that dated back to July 9.
According to the Nash County Sheriff's Office, the charges Wright faces are in connection with a relationship she had with a 15-year-old boy. Medina said the suspect knew victim and his family for "a long time" and the the contributing to the delinquency of a minor charge is because Wright exposed the victim to, and allowed him to use, illegal drugs while spending time with her.
Wright is being held under a $750,000 secured bond.
Taipei, Sept. 26 (CNA) The Central Weather Bureau (CWB) issued the first land warning for Typhoon Megi Monday morning, following a sea warning late Sunday, as the storm approached the island.
The land warning covers Yilan, Hualien and Taitung in northeastern and southeastern Taiwan, which are expected to start experiencing strong winds and heavy rain Monday, according to the CWB.
As of 11 a.m. Monday, Megi was centered 620 kilometers east-southeast of Hualien, moving at 22 kilometers per hour in a west-northwesterly direction toward Taiwan, the bureau's data showed.
The typhoon was carrying maximum sustained winds of 144 kph, with gusts of up to 180 kph.
The weather bureau issued a sea warning for Megi at 11:30 p.m. Sunday and a land warning at 11.30 a.m. Monday.
Megi is highly likely to make landfall in eastern Taiwan Tuesday, before sweeping across the island with powerful winds and heavy rain that will affect the island the most on Tuesday and Wednesday, according to the CWB forecast.
(By Wang Shu-fen and Evelyn Kao)
Enditem/pc
Federal Court Ruling Guts Police Ability To Use Guns
Anders Hagstrom
Justice Reporter
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that Seattle police can only use force “proportional” to the threat they face, seriously damaging the Seattle Police Department's ability to use firearms.
The ruling from the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the use of force reforms put in place by federal mandates under the Obama administration that required police to use only “objectively reasonable force, proportional to the threat or urgency of the situation,” the Associated Press reports. The unanimous ruling strikes down a lawsuit filed by a group of more than 120 Seattle officers in 2014 who claimed that the strict reforms infringe on an officer's right to self defense and the Second Amendment.
“The City of Seattle has a significant interest in regulating the use of department-issued firearms by its police officers,” Judge William Hayes wrote, adding that the policy “did not impose a substantial burden on plaintiffs' right to use a firearm.”
Seattle police argued the new policies would cause officers to second guess themselves before using firearms in life-threatening situations, The Seattle Times reported. This “hesitation and paralysis” prevented police from exercising their right to self defense, they claimed.
Police further said that this hesitance or fear of using their firearms would result in a “dramatic decrease in proactive police work to investigate and stop crime.”
The lawsuit named former Attorney General Eric Holder, who led the Department of Justice when it mandated Seattle's reforms, as a defendant.
City Attorney Pete Holmes praised the court's decision to rule against the police, claiming that the policy has already resulted in a 60 percent drop in use of force incidents this year, according to Seattle Met.
“On behalf of the city, I welcome this confirmation that constitutional policing and officer safety go hand-in-hand,” Holmes said.
Read more: http://dailycaller.com/2017/09/20/federal-court-ruling-guts-police-ability-to-use-guns/
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Telegram
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comments
comments
Background: Despite continued debate on the efficacy of alteplase (tPA), it currently remains one of the major interventions directed at patients presenting with acute ischemic stroke. The current standard dose of the drug is 0.9 mg/kg given over 1 hour. It is unclear whether lower doses would be equally effective in increasing good neurologic outcomes after stroke while simultaneously decreasing the rate of intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH); the most serious side effect. Evidence showing that lower doses of tPA are non-inferior to standard-dose tPA could lead to a shift in treatment.
Clinical Question:
Is low-dose tPA non-inferior to standard-dose tPA in terms of death or disability at 90 days in the treatment of acute ischemic stroke presenting within 4.5 hours of symptom onset?
Article:
Anderson CS et al. Low-dose versus standard-dose intravenous alteplase in acute ischemic stroke. NEJM 2016. PMID: 27161018
PICO:
Population: Patients > 18 years of age with a clinical diagnosis of acute ischemic stroke who met guideline recommended criteria for treatment with intravenous tPA within 4.5 hours of symptom onset. Patients had to be independent at baseline (mRS < 1).
Intervention: Low-dose (0.6 mg/kg) tPA (administered as 15% of dose as IV bolus followed by 85% of dose as infusion over 1 hour)
Control: Standard-dose (0.9 mg/kg) tPA (administered as 10% of dose as IV bolus followed by 90% of dose as infusion over 1 hour)
Outcome (primary): Death or disability (mRS = 2-6) at 90 days
Outcomes (secondary): ICH
Design:
Multicenter, prospective, randomized, open-label trial
Excluded:
Unlikely to benefit from the therapy due to pre-existing disability
Another medical illness interfered with the outcome assessment
Unlikely to adhere to follow up
Unable to consent
Previously enrolled in the ENCHANTED study
Results:
3310 patients recruited and 3206 patients analyzed from 111 centers in 13 countries
Non-inferiority prespecified as an upper limit for non-inferiority of 1.14. This noninferiority margin was derived from a Cochrane meta-analyses of alteplase
Strengths:
Large study asking a clinically relevant question with important patient centered outcomes being considered
Assessors of outcomes at follow up were blinded to treatment allocation
Loss to follow up was minimal in both arms (low dose: 47, standard dose: 44)
Limitations:
Open label study design opens up trial to numerous biases
Co-primary endpoint (death or disability)
It is unclear whether patients were recruited consecutively or not
> 60% of patients were of Asian descent which may limit external validity
Follow-up at 28 and 90-days done by in-person and telephone interview. Heterogeneity of assessment approach may lead to imprecise results
The authors of the study had significant conflicts of interest
Author's Conclusions:
“This trial involving predominantly Asian patients with acute ischemic stroke did not show the noninferiority of low-dose alteplase to standard-dose alteplase with respect to death and disability at 90 days. There were significantly fewer symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhages with low-dose alteplase.”
Our Conclusions:
Low-dose tPA did not meet the upper limit of the prespecified non-inferiority threshold for the odds ratio in comparison to standard-dose tPA for the primary outcome of death or disability at 90 days. However, low-dose tPA performed extremely well in this study. Low-dose tPA patients were more likely to be alive at both 7 and 90 days with a lower ICH rate.
Potential Impact to Current Practice: As this study did not show non-inferiority of the low-dose tPA approach, we do not think it will alter overall treatment strategies. However, in patients with CVA who are eligible for systemic thrombolytics and in whom the doctor and patient both think would benefit from the drug but have increased risk of bleeding, low-dose tPA may be provided an alternative approach.
Bottom Line: Low-dose tPA achieved similar outcomes to standard-dose tPA with lower mortality and ICH rates. Although this study does not prove non-inferiority of low-dose tPA, it also does not show superiority of standard-dose tPA.
Check Out More on This Topic Below:
References:
Anderson CS et al. Low-dose versus standard-dose intravenous alteplase in acute ischemic stroke. NEJM 2016. PMID: 27161018 Wardlaw JM et al. Thrombolysis for Acute Ischaemic Stroke. Cochrane Database Syst Rev 2014. PMID: 25072528
Post Peer Reviewed By: Salim Rezaie, MD (Twitter: @srrezaie)
We're halfway through October, which means it's critical prep time for National Novel Writing Month—or NaNoWriMo for short.
The event, which takes place every November, challenges writers both aspiring and established to crank out a 50,000 word written work in just 30 days. Broken down, that's almost 1,700 words a day for a whole month. As someone who's participated three times before, I can guarantee it's as intense and occasionally grueling as it sounds.
However, the difference between success and crippling failure is planning. At least, that's what I've been told. I've never actually managed to complete a NaNoWriMo before. Looking back, though, I've also never had a real solid plan in place before jumping in. I had maybe a general concept or a very basic outline but, for the most part, I went in completely unprepared. Going into my fourth year participating, I hope I've finally learned my lesson for this year. Here are a few things that I've learned to have prepped and ready before November 1 rolls around.
Plot Outline
This is probably one of the biggest things I've seen suggested by past NaNoWriMo winners. Whether you're someone who just writes as they go or rely heavily on a pre-determined structure, having at least a general roadmap of where your story will go is a huge help. I'm one of those people that outlines any idea that pops into my head, which really helps me decide which ideas can actually bloom into a full-fledged story, and which are dead ends. Naturally, the extent of your outline going into NaNoWriMo will depend on your own writing preferences and style, but having something laid out will help to keep you on track and give you a general path of where your story is headed, leaving more brain power for actually cranking out those words.
I usually create a bulleted not-too-general-but-not-too-specific outline for my stories. That way at least the general plot flow is laid out so I know what's coming. Bulleted lists, like the one below for one of my abandoned projects, also make it super easy for me to go back and edit specific points without needing to rewrite everything.
A northern Manitoba Cree country singer's album was featured on The Tonight Show in a segment with host Jimmy Fallon and comedian Chris Rock.
The Pukatawagan Song was one of the most famous songs written and performed by Sidney Castel, a Cree performer who died in 2003 at the age of 68 — just two years after releasing his album Live at the Beaver Lodge.
The song and the album were featured by Fallon and Rock during a segment called Do Not Play, in which the two poke fun at amateurish music recordings.
"Here's my complaint about that. I don't believe that was live," Fallon joked, after playing a few seconds of the song on the show.
Community pride
Although the two comedians made fun of Castel's singing, the late singer's appearance on U.S. network TV still delighted people in his home community, Pukatawagan, and in Manitoba's Indigenous community.
That was really cool of you to represent & hold up a Aborignal First Nation artis Sidney Castel's album on tv <a href="https://twitter.com/jimmyfallon">@jimmyfallon</a> —@GMcCorrister
"Wow, look at that. The king of Pukatawagan," wrote one person on Facebook, who said they were from Pukatawagan. "Wow, look at that. The king of Pukatawagan," wrote one person on Facebook, who said they were from Pukatawagan.
'The Pukatawagan Song'
A Cree man from Pukatawagan, Castel was a former trapper who only began his unlikely music career in the late 1990s when he was already in his 60s.
He was discovered singing The Pukatawagan Song at a talent competition in 2001 and professionally recorded the song in Winnipeg as part of the competition's prize.
The song became a hit in Manitoba, topping Indigenous radio charts and receiving airplay on CBC Radio.
The full length album, Live at the Beaver Lodge, followed in 2002 — and brought his second hit, The Thompson Song.
Castel died of natural causes in 2003.
- A Georgia city wants to reduce the penalties for people caught with small amounts of marijuana.
Temple wants to reduce the fine from a thousand dollars to $75 for anyone with less than an ounce of pot with no jail time.
WATCH: Hear in their own words what city officials have to say about the proposed change in the law
The city said it is because a lot of college kids drive through the city.
“What I have the power to do is introduce amendments to an already existing ordinance that limits the punishment for less than an ounce of marijuana within the city of Temple,” said Council Member Penny Ransom.
SEE ALSO: Georgia Bill Would Make Marijuana Possession a Misdemeanor
Ransom announced the plans to do just that at last week's city council meeting. She believes the penalties spelled out in the current marijuana possession ordinance are too severe for an offender caught in possession of less than an ounce of pot.
“And what that ordinance says is you can have up to a thousand dollars in fines, 180 days in jail, or both and that's left up to the discretion of a judge on a case by case basis,” said Ransom.
Under Ransom's proposal, someone caught with less than an ounce of pot and had committed no other offenses would receive a $75 fine and no jail time. The councilwoman's plan mirrors a similar ordinance the city of Clarkston passed in 2016.
RELATED: City in DeKalb County wants to decriminalize marijuana
“While we want to move forward and make a decision expeditiously we also don't want to be so hasty that we have overlook something,” City Administrator Bill Osborne said.
Osborne is preparing a full report on the proposal to present to city council members at next month's meeting that will include input from Clarkston city officials.
“Ok if you had it to do over again what would you do different so we could benefit by their experience, their success and their mistakes,” said Osborne.
As it stands now Ransom said the punishment doesn't fit the crime; the penalties are too severe.
“That person could possibly not have a job not have transportation have an arrest record and jail time on their record could they apply for a loan? The consequences are so far to me outreaching,” said Ransom.
SEE ALSO: Changes proposed to enforcement of marijuana laws
The Cardinals and first-round draft pick Nick Plummer have agreed to term, writes Tony Paul of the Detroit News. Plummer, a Detroit-area native, tells Paul that he will sign for the slot value of $2.124MM. Plummer will fly to Florida on either Friday or Monday to complete his physical and make the signing official.
A center fielder out of Brother Rice High School in Michigan, Plummer was a consensus first-round talent, although his specific ranking on top prospect lists had some variance. Baseball America ranked Plummer 11th among potential draftees, and ESPN's Keith Law considered him the draft's 14th-best prospect. Meanwhile, Jim Callis and Jonathan Mayo of MLB.com pegged him 27th, and Fangraphs' Kiley McDaniel had him at No. 30.
BA's scouting report notes that Plummer has the bat speed and leverage to generate plus pull power and an up-the-middle approach with good plate coverage. Each of the reports above mentions that because Plummer is more of an average runner and has questionable arm strength, a move from center field to left field could very well be needed down the line. Plummer's bat appears to be his best asset, with Mayo and Callis referring to him as “one of the most dangerous high school hitters in this draft,” and Law adding that there's enough bat to profile as a regular even if he does move to left. McDaniel feels Plummer can eventually show 50-grade power with 55 speed (ratings on the 20-80 scouting scale).
Plummer becomes the first of the players from the 2015 first-round to come to terms on an agreement. Upon signing his contract, he'll report to the team's Spring Training facility and then begin playing with St. Louis' rookie-level affiliate in the Appalachian League.
South Carolina's coaching search could focus on three candidates: Alabama defensive coordinator Kirby Smart, Houston head coach Tom Herman and Memphis head coach Justin Fuente, according to ESPN's Travis Haney.
On Tuesday, Haney wrote, “Those close to the program say the search is likely going to center on three candidates: Alabama defensive coordinator Kirby Smart, Houston coach Tom Herman and Memphis coach Justin Fuente. Those names don't come as a surprise; that trio has been at the forefront of any mention of the job since (Steve) Spurrier stepped down a week ago.”
But Haney also threw out another coach that might end up in the running: Arizona's Rich Rodriguez.
“As I discussed the possibility with agents and coaches, as well as with people close to the Gamecocks' search, it seems distinctly possible that the 52-year-old Rodriguez and (South Carolina athletic director Ray) Tanner will eventually talk,” Haney wrote.
Spurrier stepped down on Oct. 12 after 11 seasons leading the Gamecocks.
Otago University is going ahead with its plan to install two dozen security cameras in streets where many of its students live.
Photo: RNZ / Ian Telfer
The university said the controversial plan is necessary to combat rising crime.
The university first revealed its plan for 50 cameras early last year in response to a spate of crime by and against students, but it has proved hard to get their support.
Referendums and feedback was split and the students' association lobbied for changes.
The university said it had listened, and is reducing the number in the first phase to 26 cameras to watch the main public student quarter streets of Castle, Dundas, Albany and Hyde Streets, though the cameras will have a higher resolution.
It said some of the camera feeds will be watched live by campus staff so they can respond to crime.
Otago University Students' Association successfully lobbied for changes after a student referendum narrowly opposed the CCTV plan, by 51 percent against to 49 percent for.
The association's president, Hugh Baird, has been won over by the changes, he said.
"We've been told it's not to catch students doing student things, and playing up," Mr Baird said.
"It's more for the serious crimes where there's people being assaulted or king hit, or sexually assaults, instead of the nudity or urinating on someone's fence."
He wanted fewer cameras in more strategic areas, and strong policy about who could view the recordings.
"There's been a lot of concern about the nature of the surveillance and people's privacy, but on balance they were needed, Mr Baird said.
"It would be great if there wasn't the need for them, but if they are going in there, it's great there are fewer cameras, fewer spots and better policy around who's viewing them and what they are picking up," he said.
Any visible areas of private homes and front yards will be blacked out on the cameras, Mr Baird said.
Attorneys for the bicyclist argued that Standard Parking's valets routinely took an illegal shortcut across two traffic lanes of Eighth Avenue. In the crash, Thyce Colyn suffered a traumatic brain injury and other injuries that limit his mobility, according to his lawyer.
A jury awarded $38 million Thursday to a bicyclist severely injured four years ago when he was hit in downtown Seattle by a Standard Parking valet driver.
Attorneys for the bicyclist, Thyce Colyn, 51, argued during the trial that Standard's valets routinely took an illegal shortcut across two traffic lanes of Eighth Avenue, and that no safety training was provided.
The incident happened on Eighth Avenue, near the Washington State Convention Center
Colyn suffered a traumatic brain injury and other injuries, including a shattered hip, that limit him to walking short distances using crutches, attorney David Beninger said.
“He is going to have another four or five future operations,” the lawyer said. Medical bills were $427,000 as of mid-2015 and were expected to mount, the lawsuit said.
A King County Superior Court judge decided Standard Parking was fully liable, while the jury determined the award amount to Colyn and his wife, Beninger said.
Local attorneys for Chicago-based Standard Parking could not be reached for comment Thursday night.
The company argued that Colyn was partly responsible because he didn't see and react sooner to the crossing car, according to a trial brief from the plaintiff. Also, the company disputed the extent and cost of injuries, it said.
Claims in bicycle-involved crashes can reach millions, but this one far exceeds others locally. This year, Mercer Island reached a $7.25 million settlement in the case of Margarete Chenoweth, who fell while cycling downhill over a rain-diversion bump, and was paralyzed. The city of Seattle agreed to pay $3.5 million, and a flooring company paid additional money, in a settlement to the family of Sher Kung, killed when the company's truck hit her while making a left turn from Second Avenue downtown.
But the Eighth Avenue case differs, because it alleged ongoing unsafe practices — and raises safety questions that might apply to fleets and valets elsewhere.
Standard is part of SP+, a publicly-traded corporation that reported $129 million gross profit through the first nine months of this year.
Valets in Seattle shuttled cars belonging to visitors at the Grand Hyatt Hotel to the garage at the nearby Olive 8 residential tower, where more room was available, Beninger said. They drove from the Olive 8 across Eighth Avenue into a surface parking lot, and used alleys, instead of making a longer trip on streets and four intersections, according to plaintiff's court documents.
“This kind of stuff was going on the entire time they were having the valets,” Beninger said Thursday night.
Colyn was riding north, in the right lane, at 4 p.m. on Oct. 8, 2012, from his job in Sodo to home in Ravenna. The lane was marked by “sharrows” — white bicycle-shaped icons — designed to alert people to expect bikes.
The valet, 21, was bringing a car from the Olive 8 across the northbound one-way street, perpendicular to traffic, and didn't see the cyclist, to his right, according to court documents. He was cited for failure to yield the right of way.
The shortcut saved time, when hotel customers wanted their cars, Beninger said.
“They (Standard) didn't direct them to do it, they just never stopped them from doing it,” he said.
A trial document indicates expert witnesses discussed whether Colyn could have avoided the crash. His lawyers said based on other cases, a reasonable time to react, for purposes of legal liability, would be at least four seconds.
“We put our faith in the jury in hopes of protecting other bicyclists and to encourage all companies to obey the rules and use safe practices,” said a statement by his Thyce Colyn's wife, Amy Colyn.
Colyn was a traffic-signal electrician for the Seattle Department of Transportation and has returned to work on modified duty, according to his lawyers.
This article is about the former pinball manufacturer based in Chicago. For its successor gaming company based in Las Vegas, see Bally Technologies
For the fitness chain, see Bally Total Fitness.
Bally Manufacturing, later renamed Bally Entertainment, was an American company that began as a pinball and slot machine manufacturer, and later expanded into casinos, video games, health clubs, and theme parks. It was acquired by Hilton Hotels in 1995. Its brand name is still used by several businesses previously linked to Bally Manufacturing, most notably Bally Technologies.
History [ edit ]
The Bally Manufacturing Corporation was founded by Raymond Moloney on January 10, 1932, when Bally's original parent, Lion Manufacturing, established the company to make pinball games. The company took its name from its first game, Ballyhoo. The company, based in Chicago, quickly became a leading maker of the games. In the late 1930s, Moloney began making gambling equipment, and had great success developing and improving the mechanical slot machines that were the core of the nascent gaming industry. After manufacturing munitions and airplane parts during World War II, Bally Manufacturing Corporation continued to produce innovations in flipperless pinball machines, bingo machines, payout machines and console slot machines through the late 1950s. They also designed and manufactured vending machines and established a coffee vending service. The company made a brief venture into the music business with their own record label, Bally Records.[1]
Ray Moloney died in 1958, and the company floundered briefly. With the financial failure of its parent company, Bally was bought out by a group of investors in 1963. Throughout the 1960s, Bally continued to dominate the slot machine industry, cornering over 90% of the worldwide market by the end of the decade. In 1964, Bally introduced the first electromechanical slot machine, called the "Money Honey." In the late 1960s, Bally became a publicly traded company and made several acquisitions, including German company Guenter Wulff-Apparatebau (renamed Bally Wulff) and Midway Manufacturing, an amusement game company from Schiller Park, Illinois.
The 1970s [ edit ]
In the late 1970s, Bally entered the casino business when New Jersey legalized gambling in Atlantic City. This effort moved forward even though the company was temporarily unable to attain a permanent license for the completed casino. During this period, company head William T. O'Donnell was forced to resign because of alleged links to organized crime. Prior to this, Mr O'Donnell strenuously denied any such links.[2] For example, when questioned at the Moffitt Royal Commission (the NSW Clubs Royal Commission) - an investigation held New South Wales, Australia - on alleged criminal activities with US and Australian criminals, he admitted that Genovese Mafia boss, Jerry Catena (Gerardo Catena), once owned shares in the business, "but I bought him out."[2] He also denied knowing Chicago mobster, Joseph Dan Testa, even though Australian Police described Testa "as a representative of Bally who visited Australia."[2]
The company opened the Park Place Casino & Hotel on December 29, 1979.[3][4] Also in the late 1970s, Bally made an entry into the growing market for home computer games. The Bally Professional Arcade, as the machine was called, had advanced features for the time. These included a palette of 256 colors and the ability to play 4-voice music. The machine also shipped with a cartridge that allowed users to do a limited amount of programming on the machine themselves (using the BASIC language), and record their creations on cassette tape. The machine's price point was above the Atari 2600 (its major competitor), and it had a much more limited set of available games. Despite a loyal following, it failed to compete successfully. During the 1970s and early 1980s, Midway became a primary source of income for Bally as it became an early arcade video game maker and obtained the licenses for three of the most popular video games of all time: Space Invaders, Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man.[3]
The 1980s [ edit ]
By the mid-1980s, the company again had a strong balance sheet and began buying other businesses including the Six Flags amusement park chain in 1983, and the Health and Tennis Corporation of America. The health club division, under "Bally Total Fitness", grew during the 1980s and 1990s. The company also purchased several casinos, including the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip (which was subsequently re-branded as Bally's Las Vegas), The MGM Grand Reno (Reno, NV) and the Golden Nugget Atlantic City which was branded Bally's Grand and then later "The Grand-A Bally's Casino Resort". This expansion quickly took its toll on the company's finances, and Bally was soon forced to sell off several divisions, including Six Flags and Bally-Midway. The pinball division, along with Midway, was acquired by Williams Electronics in 1988.
The 1990s [ edit ]
Under new management in 1992, the newly named Bally Entertainment Corporation focused on the health club business and spun off the game-manufacturing parts of the company. The Aladdin's Castle chain of game arcades was sold to Namco in 1993, and was renamed Namco Cybertainment, Inc. By 1993 the core manufacturing division was the leader in fitness equipment[citation needed] including the Life Fitness brand including 'Life Cycle', 'Life Step' and 'Life Rower' machines. The success was short lived and Life Fitness was sold to the Brunswick Corporation.
In 1995, they opened Bally's Casino Tunica in Tunica, Mississippi.
In May 1995, Bally Entertainment announced the project of Paris Las Vegas at a shareholders meeting. Paris was designed by architectural companies Leidenfrost/Horowitz & Assoc., Bergman, Walls & Assoc. and MBH Architects. The design architect of the project was Bergman Walls Associates. Herbert Horowitz, Partner of Leidenfrost/Horowitz & Assoc. was executive architect and signed all plans. Bally broke ground for the Paris Las Vegas on April 18, 1997, and construction began in May on the 24 acres (9.7 ha) parcel on the Las Vegas Strip. It opened in September 1999 at an estimated cost of $760 million.
In 1995, Bally Entertainment was purchased by Hilton Hotels Corporation. Later the casino resorts division of Hilton Hotels became Park Place Entertainment, (later Caesars Entertainment) and in 2005 was acquired by Harrah's Entertainment.
The name [ edit ]
Many casinos and businesses worldwide took on the Bally name and logo in the maze of ownership, division spin-offs and licensing agreements. Midway continued to use the Bally name for its pinball games, until WMS Industries (the parent company of Williams) ceased pinball production in 1999. On March 31, 2005, WMS Industries struck a deal with Australian company The Pinball Factory to give them a license for the intellectual properties and the rights to re-manufacture former Bally/Williams games in the field of mechanical pinball. In addition, The Pinball Factory also has bought the right to manufacture new games using the company's new hardware system under the Bally brand. Alliance Gaming, which had bought Bally Gaming International in 1995, changed its name to Bally Technologies. Bally Total Fitness and distributor Bally France still use the same 'Bally' logo though any formal business relationships, as of June 2007, are coincidental. The name is most well known for being in the song, "Pinball Wizard" in the rock opera Tommy and its soundtrack.
Pinball machines using the Bally brand [ edit ]
Select Machines Developed by Bally or Bally-Midway [ edit ]
Developed by Midway [ edit ]
Developed by The Pinball Factory [ edit ]
The Crocodile Hunter Outback Adventure based on the wildlife documentary television series The Crocodile Hunter was in development by Australian pinball manufacturer The Pinball Factory under license from Bally. It was abandoned at the end of 2007 due to the death of the main character of the game, Steve Irwin, and never went into production.[5]
Slot machines [ edit ]
Money Honey (1968)
(1968) Big Top (1982)
(1982) Jackpot Riot (1993)
(1993) Blazing 7s (1993)
Casinos [ edit ]
Turkish coastguards rescued 57 migrants seeking to reach EU member Greece by sea after they were stranded on a rocky islet in the Aegean Sea, official media said Sunday.
The migrants were trying to reach the Greek island of Lesbos but their boat hit trouble after leaving the resort of Dikili in Izmir province on Turkey's Aegean coast, the Anatolia news agency reported.
They were stranded on a rocky islet off Dikili, with pictures showing the migrants, who included women and several children, looking for help from the tiny islet.
Twelve of the most vulnerable, including three children, were winched to safety by coastguard helicopters while the other 45 were picked up by fishing boats as the larger coastguard vessels could not approach the rocky islet.
They were then taken to Dikili port, it added.
Turkey, which is home to some 2.2 million refugees from Syria's civil war, has become a hub for migrants seeking to move to Europe, many of whom pay people smugglers thousands of dollars for the risky crossing.
The U.N. refugee agency and the International Organization for Migration (IOM) have said more than one million migrants and refugees reached Europe in 2015, most of them by sea.
The vast majority of people -- over 800,000 -- landed in Greece, according to the figures.
The onset of winter and rougher sea conditions do not appear to have deterred the migrants, with boats still arriving on the Greek islands daily.
Last Update: Sunday, 3 January 2016 KSA 15:37 - GMT 12:37
I will never forget the moment I heard the Zimmerman verdict. Standing over the stove cooking dinner, my friend sent the text “Zimmerman was found not guilty.” Immediately, my heart dropped and I felt chills run through my body. There are no words that can properly convey the flush of emotion I felt as soon as I read the words “not guilty.” Even though my food was not finished, I cut off the stove and turned on the TV. The CNN reporter's face was drained and not once did he try to hide his obvious discontent. “Reporting live to the courtroom” were his nonchalant words spoken from a mouth full of hidden curses. As I watched Zimmerman smile and hug his attorneys, tears came to my eyes as anger welled up inside of me. My head hurt, being overwhelmed with mixed feelings of hatred, sorrow, and genuine insecurity. I had been following this case since it began. Everything proves that Zimmerman had no right to take this child's life. Was it not self-defense for Trayvon to defend himself from a stranger when he was just walking home? Being 18 at the time, I struggled to contemplate just how little progress we have made as a nation.
Black consciousness has been instilled in me since childhood. The ideologies of Malcolm X, MLK, Assata Shakur, Angela Davis, Stokely Carmichael, and others, were taught to and researched by me so that I could gain a sense of pride in my heritage. All of these people contributed in the struggle for freedom and my parents never put it past me that my freedom came without a price. However as I sat watching the TV, the grim reality hit me. How long must this go on until we are truly free? It seems like the constant question in white America is “blacks have their rights, so what else do they want?” The counter question I have for them is, “just what limits come with these so-called rights?”
As a black teen, I would like to know how it feels to not have to endure the conflicting shame and anger of a white woman clutching her purse or locking her car door whenever I or a group of my friends walk past. I would like be able to confidently look my black friends in the eye when something like this happens, and not feel the tension between us; unwilling to discuss the resentment, shame, and hurt of similar race-based experiences. Despite our generation gap, these types of experiences still lead to the possibility of death. I would love to know how it feels to not sit in a room in bitter silence, empathizing with the pain of someone you might not have known, and will never have the opportunity to know due to their untimely death, but you know too well the trials and feelings they might have felt. Yet, most importantly, I would like to be able to feel that my friends and I are safe, that we have every right to defend ourselves in danger and will have the ability to trust that the law will work in our favor.
In light of the recent case against Michael Dunn for the killing of Jordan Davis, there are many striking similarities between the two. One thing that these trials have taught me is that the pride of the adults involved were bruised and it caused them to take the lives of two black teens. The issue is not self-defense, but yet the quiet submission of the black race. It is this sort of subconscious inferiority and submission that is implanted in the minds of our black youth when we witness the outcomes of these cases as well as the other injustices that we encounter.
I've learned from Malcolm X that “a man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.” That is the reason I am writing this—to present my stand. No longer can we let this injustice last. Equality must be well-rounded and if the government is unwilling to meet us halfway, then there must be a revolution. Our youth must be taught of their worth and history, in order to demand the rights we deserve: whether it be walking home from the corner store, waiting for a school bus to go to a high school game, asking for help after you get into an accident, bringing in the garbage cart, or even playing your music loudly. We must face this monster we call racial injustice and awaken a sense of hope in our people. The day I heard the Zimmerman verdict is the day I lost hope in the American justice system in regards to black people. It is up to us to take a stand against those who stand against us!
1763 treaty that ended the Seven Years' War
For other treaties of Paris, see Treaty of Paris
The Treaty of Paris, also known as the Treaty of 1763, was signed on 10 February 1763 by the kingdoms of Great Britain, France and Spain, with Portugal in agreement, after Great Britain's victory over France and Spain during the Seven Years' War.
The signing of the treaty formally ended the Seven Years' War, known as the French and Indian War in the North American theatre,[1] and marked the beginning of an era of British dominance outside Europe.[2] Great Britain and France each returned much of the territory that they had captured during the war, but Great Britain gained much of France's possessions in North America. Additionally, Great Britain agreed to protect Roman Catholicism in the New World. The treaty did not involve Prussia and Austria as they signed a separate agreement, the Treaty of Hubertusburg, five days later.
Exchange of territories [ edit ]
During the war, Great Britain had conquered the French colonies of Canada, Guadeloupe, Saint Lucia, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Tobago, the French "factories" (trading posts) in India, the slave-trading station at Gorée, the Sénégal River and its settlements, and the Spanish colonies of Manila (in the Philippines) and Havana (in Cuba). France had captured Minorca and British trading posts in Sumatra, while Spain had captured the border fortress of Almeida in Portugal, and Colonia del Sacramento in South America.[citation needed]
"A new map of North America" – produced following the Treaty of Paris
In the treaty, most of these territories were restored to their original owners, but not all: Britain made considerable gains.[3] France and Spain restored all their conquests to Britain and Portugal. Britain restored Manila and Havana to Spain, and Guadeloupe, Martinique, Saint Lucia, Gorée, and the Indian factories to France.[4] In return, France recognized the sovereignty of Britain over Canada, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Tobago.[5] France also ceded the eastern half of French Louisiana to Britain; that is, the area from the Mississippi River to the Appalachian Mountains.[6]
Spain ceded Florida to Britain.[4] France had already secretly given Louisiana to Spain in the Treaty of Fontainebleau (1762). In addition, while France regained its factories in India, France recognized British clients as the rulers of key Indian native states, and pledged not to send troops to Bengal. Britain agreed to demolish its fortifications in British Honduras (now Belize), but retained a logwood-cutting colony there. Britain confirmed the right of its new subjects to practise Catholicism.[7]
France lost all of its territory in mainland North America, but had retained fishing rights off Newfoundland and the two small islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, where its fishermen could dry their catch. In turn France gained the return of its sugar colony, Guadeloupe, which it considered more valuable than Canada.[8] Voltaire had notoriously dismissed Canada as "Quelques arpents de neige", "A few acres of snow".[9]
Louisiana question [ edit ]
The Treaty of Paris is frequently noted as the point at which France gave Louisiana to Spain.[10][11] The transfer, however, occurred with the Treaty of Fontainebleau (1762) but was not publicly announced until 1764. The Treaty of Paris gave Britain the east side of the Mississippi (including Baton Rouge, Louisiana, which was to be part of the British territory of West Florida). New Orleans on the east side remained in French hands (albeit temporarily). The Mississippi River corridor in what is modern day Louisiana was later reunited following the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 and the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1819.
The 1763 treaty states in Article VII:[12]
VII. In order to re­establish peace on solid and durable foundations, and to remove for ever all subject of dispute with regard to the limits of the British and French territories on the continent of America; it is agreed, that, for the future, the confines between the dominions of his Britannick Majesty and those of his Most Christian Majesty, in that part of the world, shall be fixed irrevocably by a line drawn along the middle of the River Mississippi, from its source to the river Iberville, and from thence, by a line drawn along the middle of this river, and the lakes Maurepas and Pontchartrain to the sea; and for this purpose, the Most Christian King cedes in full right, and guaranties to his Britannick Majesty the river and port of the Mobile, and every thing which he possesses, or ought to possess, on the left side of the river Mississippi, except the town of New Orleans and the island in which it is situated, which shall remain to France, provided that the navigation of the river Mississippi shall be equally free, as well to the subjects of Great Britain as to those of France, in its whole breadth and length, from its source to the sea, and expressly that part which is between the said island of New Orleans and the right bank of that river, as well as the passage both in and out of its mouth: It is farther stipulated, that the vessels belonging to the subjects of either nation shall not be stopped, visited, or subjected to the payment of any duty whatsoever. The stipulations inserted in the IVth article, in favour of the inhabitants of Canada shall also take place with regard to the inhabitants of the countries ceded by this article.
Canada question [ edit ]
British perspective [ edit ]
While the war was fought all over the world, the British began the war over French possessions in North America.[13] After a long debate of the relative merits of Guadeloupe, which produced £6 million a year in sugar, versus Canada which was expensive to keep, Great Britain decided to keep Canada for strategic reasons and return Guadeloupe to France.[14] While the war had weakened France, it was still a European power. British Prime Minister Lord Bute wanted a peace that would not aggravate France towards a second war.[15]
Although the Protestant British worried about having so many Roman Catholic subjects, Great Britain did not want to antagonize France through expulsion or forced conversion. Also, it did not want French settlers to leave Canada to strengthen other French settlements in North America.[16]
French perspective [ edit ]
Unlike Lord Bute, the French Foreign Minister the Duke of Choiseul expected a return to war. However, France needed peace to rebuild.[17] French diplomats believed that without France to keep the Americans in check, the colonists might attempt to revolt.[18]:114 In Canada, France wanted open emigration for those, such as nobility, who would not swear allegiance to the British Crown.[19] Lastly, France required protection for Roman Catholics in North America.[citation needed]
Canada in the Treaty of Paris [ edit ]
The article states:[12]
IV. His Most Christian Majesty renounces all pretensions which he has heretofore formed or might have formed to Nova Scotia or Acadia in all its parts, and guaranties the whole of it, and with all its dependencies, to the King of Great Britain: Moreover, his Most Christian Majesty cedes and guaranties to his said Britannick Majesty, in full right, Canada, with all its dependencies, as well as the island of Cape Breton, and all the other islands and coasts in the gulph and river of St. Lawrence, and in general, every thing that depends on the said countries, lands, islands, and coasts, with the sovereignty, property, possession, and all rights acquired by treaty, or otherwise, which the Most Christian King and the Crown of France have had till now over the said countries, lands, islands, places, coasts, and their inhabitants, so that the Most Christian King cedes and makes over the whole to the said King, and to the Crown of Great Britain, and that in the most ample manner and form, without restriction, and without any liberty to depart from the said cession and guaranty under any pretence, or to disturb Great Britain in the possessions above mentioned. His Britannick Majesty, on his side, agrees to grant the liberty of the Catholick religion to the inhabitants of Canada: he will, in consequence, give the most precise and most effectual orders, that his new Roman Catholic subjects may profess the worship of their religion according to the rites of the Romish church, as far as the laws of Great Britain permit. His Britannick Majesty farther agrees, that the French inhabitants, or others who had been subjects of the Most Christian King in Canada, may retire with all safety and freedom wherever they shall think proper, and may sell their estates, provided it be to the subjects of his Britannick Majesty, and bring away their effects as well as their persons, without being restrained in their emigration, under any pretence whatsoever, except that of debts or of criminal prosecutions: The term limited for this emigration shall be fixed to the space of eighteen months, to be computed from the day of the exchange of the ratification of the present treaty.
Dunkirk question [ edit ]
During the negotiations that led to the treaty, a major issue of dispute between Britain and France had been over the status of the fortifications of the French coastal settlement of Dunkirk. The British had long feared that it would be used as a staging post to launch a French invasion of Britain. Under the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713 they had forced France to concede extreme limits on the fortifications there. The 1748 Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle had allowed more generous terms,[20] and France had constructed greater defences for the town.
By the Treaty Britain forced France to accept the earlier 1713 conditions and demolish the fortifications they had constructed since then.[21] This would be a continuing source of resentment to France, who would eventually have this clause overturned in the 1783 Treaty of Paris which brought an end to the American Revolutionary War.
Reaction [ edit ]
When Lord Bute became Prime Minister in 1762, he pushed for a resolution to the war with France and Spain, fearing that Great Britain could not govern all of its newly acquired territories. In what Winston Churchill would later term a policy of "appeasement," Bute returned some colonies to Spain and France in the negotiations.[22] Despite a desire for peace, many in the British parliament opposed the return of any gains made during the war. Notable among the opposition was former Prime Minister William Pitt, the Elder, who warned that the terms of the treaty would only lead to further conflicts once France and Spain had time to rebuild. "The peace was insecure," he would later say, "because it restored the enemy to her former greatness. The peace was inadequate, because the places gained were no equivalent for the places surrendered."[23] The treaty passed by 319 votes to 65 opposed.[24]
The Treaty of Paris took no consideration of Great Britain's battered continental ally, Frederick II of Prussia. Frederick was forced to negotiate peace terms separately in the Treaty of Hubertusburg. For decades after the signing of the Treaty of Paris, Frederick II decried it as a British betrayal.[citation needed]
The American colonists were disappointed by the protection of Roman Catholicism in the Treaty of Paris because of their own strong Protestant faith.[25] Some have pointed to this as one reason for the breakdown of American–British relations.[25]
Effects on French Canada [ edit ]
The article provided for unrestrained emigration for 18 months from Canada. However, passage on British ships was expensive.[19] A total of 1,600 people left New France through the Treaty clause, but only 270 French Canadians.[19] Some have claimed that this was part of British policy to limit emigration.[19]
Article IV of the treaty allowed Roman Catholicism to be practised in Canada.[26] George III agreed to allow Catholicism within the laws of Great Britain. In this period, British laws included various Test Acts to prevent governmental, judicial, and bureaucratic appointments from going to Roman Catholics. Roman Catholics were believed to be agents of the Jacobite Pretenders to the throne, who normally resided in France supported by the French regime.[27] This was relaxed in Quebec to some degree, but top positions like governorships were still held by Anglicans.[26]
Article IV has also been cited as the basis for Quebec often having its unique set of laws that are different from the rest of Canada. There was a general constitutional principle in the United Kingdom to allow colonies taken through conquest to continue their own laws.[28] This was limited by royal prerogative, and the monarch could still choose to change the accepted laws in a conquered colony.[28] However, the treaty eliminated this power because by a different constitutional principle, terms of a treaty were considered paramount.[28] In practice, Roman Catholics could become jurors in inferior courts in Quebec and argue based on principles of French law.[29] However, the judge was British and his opinion on French law could be limited or hostile.[29] If the case was appealed to a superior court, neither French law nor Roman Catholic jurors were allowed.[30]
Many French residents of what are now Canada's Maritime provinces, called Acadians, were deported during the Great Expulsion (1755–63). After the signing of the peace treaty guaranteed some rights to Roman Catholics, some Acadians returned to Canada. However, they were no longer welcome in English Nova Scotia.[31] They were forced into New Brunswick, which is a bilingual province today as a result of that relocation.[32]
Much land previously owned by France was now owned by Britain, and the French people of Quebec felt great betrayal at the French concession. Commander-in-Chief of the British Jeffrey Amherst noted that, "Many of the Canadians consider their Colony to be of utmost consequence to France & cannot be convinced … that their Country has been conceded to Great Britain".[33]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
UPDATED, 12:08 PM: Alcon Entertainment is joining with virtual reality company Oculus to create content and distribute content around the October, 2017 release of Blade Runner 2049, through a new company division called Alcon Interactive. The VR experiences will be exclusively distributed on the Oculus platform. Dan Offner, an entertainment lawyer who has worked on past Alcon projects and also was an early stage investor and attorney to Oculus, will serve as Interim Head of Alcon Interactive.
PREVIOUSLY, 9:16 AM: Alcon Entertainment and Warner Bros. finally came up with a title for the sequel to the sci-fi fan favorite 1982 film Blade Runner. This one will be called Blade Runner 2049, in which Harrison Ford reprises his role. The sequel, directed by Denis Villeneuve (Arrival, Sicario), is set for release one year from today — on October 6, 2017.
The plot is under wraps, but the story is set several decades after the 1982 original. Also starring Ryan Gosling, the film was written by Hampton Fancher and Michael Green, and succeeds the initial story by Fancher and David Peoples based on Philip K. Dick's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep.
Marvel already offers digital versions of its wares through a number of different channels, including Apple's iBooks, and it's now announced that it will be bundling a free digital copy with the physical purchase of many of its titles. Starting in June, all of the publisher's superhero comics priced at $3.99 — including the likes of Captain America, The Amazing Spider-Man, and The Avengers — will include a code that can be redeemed through the Marvel Comics iOS and Android apps for a download of the same issue. Marvel piloted a similar program with a small number of titles last year. The publisher has been slowly moving its entire catalog over to day-and-date digital availability — rival DC already made the move last year — but the promotion will likely help assuage the fears of comic store owners by offering the digital versions as a value-add to traditional purchases, rather than as just a direct replacement.
President Obama signed a sweeping new executive order Friday, making it easier for government agencies and private companies to share information with each other in case of a hack.
“American companies are being targeted,” he announced at the keynote speech at the White House's cybersecurity summit at Stanford University.
“Only through government and industry working together, sharing information as true partners,” he said, was the country best equipped to fight cyberattacks. Examples of such attacks, he said, include both grander attacks on U.S. infrastructure and the recent hack on Sony Entertainment.
“It's a direct threat to the economic security of American families,” he added.
But there's a hitch.
The very idea of information-sharing—that a key point in stopping and mitigating major hacks is for the victim to be able to show the government what's happening—is somewhat controversial. On the surface, the idea makes basic sense: The government doesn't want private companies to be victimized by hacks, and, as the White House announced in a fact sheet released shortly before Obama's signing, “it enables U.S. companies to work together to respond to threats, rather than operating alone.”
Information-sharing's at the heart of a number of proposed government legislation in recent years, ranging from the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA), a Republican-led bill that's passed the House twice, and iterations of the Democrat-favored Cybersecurity Act. Congress has yet to come to a consensus on such a bill, and there's no sign that's going to change soon.
But digital rights groups, fearful in the post-Edward Snowden age of any explicit legal authorization of the government to have easier access to private information, disagree.
“Data becomes more vulnerable, not more secure, as it flows across the Internet,” Drew Mitnick, Junior Policy Counsel at the digital rights advocacy group Access.org, told the Daily Dot.
“That's why we need to pass comprehensive cybersecurity legislation—not an executive order—that would actually improve our digital security, incentive better digital hygiene, and respect our privacy. Such measures, and not more information sharing, are needed to address crippling data breaches.”
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has echoed that sentiment, declaring bluntly that “information sharing would not have stopped the Sony attack,” and pointing out that there are a number of underused information-sharing programs already in place.
The executive order stresses partnerships between private companies, too, termed “information sharing and analysis organizations,” or ISAOs, which could be any organization devoted to helping stop a given hack. It also would give, in emergency situations, private companies better access to classified information pertaining to certain attacks.
White House officials told Reuters that because of the limitations of executive orders, Obama's wouldn't limit the legal liability of companies that overshare their networks' information, and that it wants to inspire Congress to do so.
Photo via The White House/Flickr (PD) | Remix by Jason Reed
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
A unique gathering consisting of both chief rabbis, the head of the Shari'a court based in Jaffa and a number of Knesset members took place on Wednesday in Lod to call for tolerance and respectful celebrations of this weekend's concurring observance of Yom Kippur and Id al-Adha.
Yom Kippur coincides with the Muslim festival of Id al-Adha this year, with both falling on October 4, leading to concerns of intercommunal conflict.
Amnon Be'eri-Sulitzeanu, coexecutive director of the Abraham Fund Initiatives, told The Jerusalem Post that “the intention of organizing the event was to raise awareness among Israelis that both holidays are very important.”“The vast majority of Israelis are not aware that both holidays will occur on the same day and this unawareness is a great danger,” he said, since Jews could mistakenly think that Muslims would be celebrating on Yom Kippur for the sake of disruption when in fact they have their own important holiday tradition.The second purpose of holding the event was to get top leaders from both the Jewish and Arab communities to encourage their respective followers to demonstrate restraint and behave responsibly while avoiding incitement, said Be'eri-Sulitzeanu.“I think that we managed to achieve both goals.”“The mere fact that both chief rabbis were there and the chief of the Shari'a court was extremely significant as you don't see that very often,” he added, remarking that people in attendance said it was a “historic event.”Asked if violence on the upcoming holiday would spoil his organization's work, Be'eri-Sulitzeanu responded that already at least one goal was achieved – that of raising awareness.The Abraham Fund spent two weeks putting this together, he said, writing letters to leaders, speaking with the police, contacting President Reuven Rivlin and running an ad campaign.“All of this together raised awareness,” he said.Knesset members Merav Michaeli (Labor), Ibrahim Sarsour (United Arab List- Ta'al), Yisrael Eichler (United Torah Judaism) and the Lod Mayor Yair Revivo were among those who attended.Yom Kippur, or the Day of Atonement, is the holiest day of the Jewish calendar and is traditionally observed by fasting, refraining from bathing and other physical comforts as well as daylong prayers in synagogues.Id al-Adha, however, is a festive celebration involving large family and communal feasts to commemorate the Muslim tradition in which Abraham was willing to submit to divine will and sacrifice his son Ishmael although ultimately a lamb was sacrificed instead.The Muslim holiday differs from the earlier Jewish tradition that holds that Abraham was ready to sacrifice Isaac, not Ishmael.Jeremy Sharon contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
The federal government's efforts to beef up airport security amid increasing terror threats is sparking a growing backlash among airline passengers, labor unions and advocacy groups who say the "naked strip search" machines or aggressive pat-downs that screeners use go too far.
"They have wide discretion but they don't have unlimited discretion," said John Verdi, senior counsel with the Electronic Privacy Information Center, or EPIC, a privacy advocacy group that is challenging the government in court.
Last month, the Transportation Security Administration began a slow rollout of high-tech body scanners, funded by $73 million in federal stimulus funds, that give screeners the ability to see beneath a passenger's clothing while they search for weapons. The devices use a low dose of radiation to create a computerized image of a person's body.
"Advanced imaging technology is an integral tool in TSA's layered counterterrorism approach that enables us to stay ahead of evolving threats to aviation security," TSA Administrator John S. Pistole said in a written statement. "We remain committed to deploying imaging technology to protect the traveling public."
At the same time, screeners began "enhanced" pat-downs of airline passengers who opt against the body scanner or set off a metal detector. The new searches require screeners to touch passengers' breasts and genitals.
The TSA says more than 98 percent of passengers chose body scans over other screening measures. The agency cites experts who say a body scan likely would have detected the powdered explosive that terror suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab allegedly stuffed in his underwear and ignited aboard a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas.
But Verdi calls that claim bogus.
"We believe the program is unlawful, invasive and ineffective," he told FoxNews.com. "Frankly, I cannot believe that the people who advocating this program are still citing the Christmas Day bomber as justification when it's clear that attempt wouldn't have been foiled by those machines."
Verdi of EPIC said the machines would have shown the underwear but not the bomb sewn inside of it.
"It can't penetrate that far," he said.
EPIC filed its lawsuit against TSA in July, seeking an emergency suspension of the program. A judge wouldn't grant the suspension but allowed the case to proceed on a nonemergency basis.
"We have an extremely strong case," Verdi said. "The real question is how much authority does TSA have to conduct searches at U.S. airports. Is it unfettered or are there limits? If the court blesses this, they will be saying they can do anything."
There are 385 body scanners at 68 airports around the country. TSA plans to have a total of 450 in use by the end of year and another 500 by the end of the year.
The House passed a bill in June 2009 saying that "whole-body imaging technology may not be used as the sole or primary method of screening a passenger." But it has stalled in the Senate and is unlikely to be considered in the lame duck session.
Citizens are now taking matters into their own hands.
A website has designated Nov. 24, the day before Thanksgiving and one of the busiest travel days of the year, as National Opt-Out Day. The website urges citizens to opt out of the body scan and submit to a pat-down in public.
"The goal of National Opt Out Day is to send a message to our lawmakers that we demand the change," the website says. "No naked body scanners, no government-approved groping. We have a right to privacy and buying a plane ticket should not mean we're guilty until proven innocent."
Pilots' unions are urging their members to avoid body scanners at airports out of health concerns from exposure to the scanner's radiation.
Unions that represent pilots for American Airlines and US Airways, representing a total of 16,500 pilots, say they want a more efficient screening process for pilots instead of having them pass through the security procedures used for passengers.
Pilots have compared the new pat-downs to "sexual molestation."
A TSA spokesman said the agency will have further discussions with pilots about its security policies.
"We are frequently reminded that our enemy is creative and willing to go to great lengths to evade detection," the spokesman said in a statement.
Last month, a Memphis pilot refused to be "harassed or molested without cause" by security agents. He may now lose his job for refusing a pat down and full body scan. He is considering filing a lawsuit.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) issued a travel advisory on Wednesday for airline passengers who may face the pat-downs.
"Travelers are being asked to educate themselves about the new policy and to know their rights if asked to undergo security pat-downs," the group said. "CAIR's advisory is particularly important for Muslim travelers leaving for or returning from Hajj because of concerns that they will be singled out for secondary screening by security personnel."
CAIR said its offices have received complaints about the new pat-downs, particularly from travelers who wear a hijab, or headscarf.
"Passengers who have undergone the new pat-down procedure have reported feeling humiliated by a search they describe as invasive and that has involved TSA officers touching the face and hair, the groin area and buttocks, and in between and underneath breasts."
CAIR said Muslim travelers have the right to request the manual search be conducted in private and to be screened by an officer of the same gender.
TSA's official blogger, Bob, this week shot down accusations of sexually charged pat-downs.
"There is no fondling, squeezing, groping, or any sort of sexual assault taking place at airports," Bob wrote. "You have a professional workforce carrying out procedures they were trained to perform to keep aviation security safe."
Season Ticket Holders for Derby County's upcoming 2016/17 Sky Bet Championship season should expect to receive their new Season Card in the coming days.
Season Cards were distributed last week and are expected to arrive via post towards the back end of this week.
If any supporters have not received their new Season Card by Tuesday 2nd or Wednesday 3rd August, they are advised to make direct contact with the Derby County Ticket Office.
The Ticket Office can be contacted on 0871 472 1884 (option 1 *) or by emailing [email protected] during normal opening hours.
Existing Season Ticket customers can use 03333 231884 to make direct contact with the Ticket Office.
* Calls cost 13p per minute, plus your phone company's access charge.
Tweets by @ dcfcofficial
Western energy firms are noted for venturing into volatile regions and areas that scare off more faint-hearted capitalists. But one country is even giving these hardened energy companies pause — Afghanistan. On September 22, Afghanistan issued a bid for tenders to exploit its vast mineral and hydrocarbon wealth, but found no important takers. Why is that?
As the U.S. government's Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs' February 2013 Investment Climate Statement — Afghanistan report dryly noted: “Security threats limit investors' opportunities to develop businesses in some provinces, and certain sectors (such as mining and hydrocarbons) still lack a regulatory environment that fully supports investment. Domestic and foreign investors also rank endemic corruption high on the list of impediments.” The report then optimistically adds, “Despite these challenges, Afghanistan's investment climate presents opportunities in all sectors of the economy.”
Insurgency aside, just how bad are things? The report notes that the 2012 Transparency International “TI Corruption Index” ranks Afghanistan “174/176 (Tied for last place with Somalia and North Korea.)”
The World Bank's 2013 “Doing Business Report” ranks Afghanistan 168th out of 185 economies for the ease of doing business. Afghanistan's rich mineral base has been known for a long time. Following the December 1979 Soviet invasion, extensive Soviet exploration in Afghanistan produced detailed geological maps and reports that listed more than 1,400 mineral outcroppings, along with about 70 commercially viable deposits.
The USSR subsequently committed more than $650 million for resource exploration and development in Afghanistan, which included a smelting complex for the Ainak deposit that was to have produced 1.5 million tons of copper per year. In the wake of the Soviet withdrawal a subsequent World Bank analysis projected that the Aynak copper production alone could eventually capture as much as 2 percent of the annual world market, while Afghanistan's Hajigak iron deposit is assessed as one of the largest high-grade deposits in the world.
The 2010 joint report by the Pentagon, the U.S. Geological Survey and U.S. Agency for International Development states that Afghanistan possesses “previously unknown” and untapped mineral reserves worth up to $1 trillion. The foreign investor caution is not for a lack of effort on Kabul's part, as the report noted, “The Government also issued tenders for oil and gas exploration in 2010″ before adding, “The nearby Afghan-Tajik Basin could hold as much as 1.5 billion barrels of crude oil.”
Chinese firms have scrambled to access its wealth but both of the country's most important ventures are at a standstill. In Amu Darya, oil production has stopped because there is no deal in place to refine it and its Aynak copper deal is similarly stalled. Last year, oil extraction operations in the Amu Darya basin, estimated to hold over 80 million barrels of crude oil reserves, were contracted to China National Petroleum Corp. and Afghan Watan Oil and Gas energy company, but further work was halted after disagreements emerged over the specific conditions for transporting the oil out of Afghanistan.
The joint project, begun in December 2011, was Afghanistan's first international oil production agreement for several decades and had been expected to earn the government billions of dollars over two decades of production.
Of course, the fact that in June 2012 the Amu Darya site was disrupted when Chinese engineers came under attack by men loyal to Afghanistan's army chief of staff and part-time warlord Uzbek General Abdul Rashid Dostum probably didn't help matters. But one rather surprising country has decided to take the plunge into Afghanistan's volatile energy sector, unlike Beijing's timorous mandarins and fainthearted Western investors.
After meeting with Afghanistan's Minister of Mines Wahidullah Shahrani on 4 September, Azeri Minister of Industry and Energy Natig Aliyev told journalists that the two nations were preparing to sign an energy memorandum of understanding. The MOU, described by Aliyev as a road map or cooperation between the two countries' ministries, is scheduled to be signed in November in Kabul. Aliyev said, “We discussed the issue of economic cooperation, especially in oil and gas spheres including ways of expanding Afghanistan's resource base, conducting search exploration work and Azerbaijan's assistance in the oil refining area.”
Originally written for OilPrice.com, a website that focuses on news and analysis on topics of alternative energy, geopolitics, and oil and gas. OilPrice.com is written for an educated audience that includes investors, fund managers, resource bankers, traders, and energy market professionals around the world.
Don't Miss: 3 States Where More Than 1 in 5 People Receive Food Stamps
Kim Davis is setting her sights on the Democratic governor of Kentucky, Steve Beshear, in her latest fight against being compelled to issue gay marriage licenses.
The AP reports tonight that Davis filed a 40-page document tonight complaining about Beshear, who back in July issued a statement explaining that county clerks all took an oath to uphold the rule of law.
After Davis was ordered to go to jail, Beshear said that the decision speaks for itself and “it appears that the citizens of Rowan County will now have access to all the services from the clerk's office to which they are entitled.”
In the legal document filed today, Davis said that the governor directing all county clerks to issue licenses was a “commandeer[ing] of their offices, and she claims he “usurped control of Kentucky marriage law.”
Davis did two TV interviews this week in which she was very clear about her commitment to not giving marriage licenses to any gay couples.
[images via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Blenheim Rural Fire Brigade officer Callun Mitchell says pagers are the best way to alert rural fire volunteers.
Rural firefighters with poor cellphone coverage are worried they will be late getting to major bush fires if their pager alerts are scrapped in favour of text messages.
The New Zealand Fire Service has put the pager network up for tender after Spark announced the network would close in 2017.
It is considering replacing the paging alert system with text messaging if the tender bid is unsuccessful, but this has some firefighters worried about poor cellphone reception.
Okiwi Bay Rural Fire Force chief fire officer Ian Montgomery - who has battled several large forest fires this summer - said emergency services in his remote patch of the Marlborough Sounds relied heavily on pagers because there was no cellphone reception.
READ MORE:
* Emergency services unsure how to cope with loss of paging network
* Spark willing to sell pager network as alternative to closure
* Pager network to be switched off in 2017
The fires were fast moving and time-critical, Montgomery said.
"The quicker we can get there, the smaller they will be. In the past we've had fires that got near the road, and if we hadn't got our heads up very quickly from the pagers, the fire would have been too big to control by the time we got there."
There were several rural brigades in the South Island that worked in areas without cellphone reception, he said.
"Down the West Coast there are huge areas with no cellphone reception. There are lots of gaps. Around the Sounds there are big chunks that have got no reception. Pagers always work."
New Zealand Fire Service director of information and communication technology Murray Mitchell said there were 3500 rural volunteers across the country to consider when reviewing the pager network.
"We've got to make sure volunteers get appropriate notice of turn out. There's a whole range of options, sirens, texting, private paging, a range of things," Mitchell said.
Marlborough Kaikoura Rural Fire Authority principal fire officer Richard McNamara said moving to text alerts could mean having to improve the cellphone coverage in remote areas.
However, pagers were still viable and McNamara expected the tender process to be successful, he said.
"It's not just emergency services that use it. There are systems in the corporate world and hospitals that rely on paging. The market is there, it's just finding the right financial model."
There were disadvantages to pagers though, he said.
"It's one shot. If you happen to be in an area with no coverage, you're not going to get it. With a phone, if you're out of range and you come back in, you'll still get the message."
Mitchell said several companies had expressed an interest in taking over the network but would not confirm who they were.
A condition of the tender was that the network used the same pagers already being used by the Fire Service, he said.
The 111 call-centre would not be affected by a new network supplier because it operated independently, he said.
Tender proposals close on March 18.
Spark declined to comment.
The General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the GDPR) is intended to directly and comprehensively regulate data protection within the European Union. However, the GDPR contains a certain amount of so called ‘opening clauses' granting Member States the discretion, and even a certain degree of leeway, as to how to they enact their domestic laws to specify the GDPR. Further, in some cases, Member States are even obliged to provide for specifications on a national level.
The first consultation draft of the new Austrian Data Privacy Act was published on 12 May 2017 and contained multiple proposals on how to deal with this discretion and leeway in specifying the GPDR. In the course of the legislative process, more than one hundred statements to the draft law were submitted and the draft law itself was revised in many areas. In particular, the provisions aimed at amending the constitutional provisions in the old data privacy act failed to gain the required two-thirds majority in parliament. Thus, the new Data Privacy Act has been passed without amending the constitutional provisions and was published in the federal law gazette on 31 July 2017 (see hereunder in German). The main changes of the new Data Privacy Act, as compared to the draft law (for which we have already presented the main points hereunder), can be summarised as follows:
The main changes of the new Data Privacy Act, as compared to the draft law (for which we have already presented the main points hereunder), can be summarised as follows:
The fundamental right to data privacy , which was supposed to be amended to only apply to natural persons, will remain in its current form. So, the existing protection of legal persons' data in the same way as the data of natural persons is still in force. It remains to be seen if, after the parliamentary elections scheduled for mid October 2017, the new legislator will – in line with common European practice – attempt to restrict the fundamental right to data privacy to natural persons before the GDPR becomes applicable on 25 May 2018. If the fundamental right to data privacy remains unchanged, the protection of legal persons would be unclear as the terms in the fundamental right to data privacy are rather vague and subject to interpretation.
, which was supposed to be amended to only apply to natural persons, will remain in its current form. So, the existing in the same way as the data of natural persons is still in force. It remains to be seen if, after the parliamentary elections scheduled for mid October 2017, the new legislator will – in line with common European practice – attempt to restrict the fundamental right to data privacy to natural persons before the GDPR becomes applicable on 25 May 2018. If the fundamental right to data privacy remains unchanged, the protection of legal persons would be unclear as the terms in the fundamental right to data privacy are rather vague and subject to interpretation. In relation to the offering of information society services directly to a child, the child's consent to the processing of the minor's personal data shall be lawful without the consent of its legal guardian if the child is at least 14 years old
to the processing of the minor's personal data shall be lawful without the consent of its legal guardian if the child is The processing of data relating to criminal convictions and offences is permitted if it results from a legal duty to exercise due diligence or if it is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by the controller or a third party. This will serve as legitimate grounds of justification to process personal data in most types of internal investigations.
is permitted if it results from a legal duty to exercise due diligence or if it is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by the controller or a third party. This will serve as legitimate grounds of justification to process personal data in most types of internal investigations. The draft law already provided for further grounds of justification for the processing of personal data for journalistic, scientific, artistic, or literary purposes. In addition, the final Data Privacy Act now also provides additional grounds of justification for the processing of personal data for public benefits related to archiving purposes, scientific and historical research purposes and statistical purposes.
According to the new Data Privacy Act, large parts of the GDPR will not be applicable to the processing of personal data by media companies, media service providers or its employees when conducting journalistic activities.
of personal data The draft law intended that the Austrian Data Privacy Authority as national supervisory authority should exercise its competences independently also in respect of the highest executive authorities, like the president, the ministers and the state secretaries as well as the members of the state governments. However, this provision has not been enacted as it has not reached the required two-thirds majority in parliament.
as national supervisory authority should exercise its competences also in respect of the highest executive authorities, like the president, the ministers and the state secretaries as well as the members of the state governments. However, this provision has not been enacted as it has not reached the required two-thirds majority in parliament. According to the draft law, data protection should have become an exclusive federal legislative and executive competence. However, in parliament the required two-thirds majority to expand federal competences has not been reached and therefore the legislative competence for the protection of manually processed data remains with the states.
It should be noted that the Austrian parliament has been cautious with deviations from the GDPR. This is a very good approach towards a common and largely harmonized data privacy regime within the European Union. Some regulations of the new Data Privacy Act (in particular those perpetuating the status quo) are likely to be in contradiction with the GDPR (e.g. the lack of the Data Privacy Authority's authority towards the highest executive bodies). In the end, however, this will have to be decided by the courts.
It remains to be seen if the new Data Privacy Act will be further amended after the up¬coming parliamentary election (in particular, whether the envisaged constitutional changes will be effected). We will keep you updated on further developments.
Ending the Tyranny of the Classics I'm someone who loves to read, loves books with a depth of feeling I find hard to convey in words. If you're a fellow book lover, you know w...
Unschoolers Aren't Products Every now and then, someone talks about what type of people unschooling “produces.” They want to know about the products at the end of the l...
In Praise of The Unexceptional: Because Unschooling Doesn't Have to Be Impressive In some ways, this feels like an redux of a post of a couple months ago, Uncollege, Hackschooling, and When Success and Profit Hijack the...
What Makes Unschooling Successful? Advice From Grown Life Learners I'm delighted to be sharing some words from fellow grown unschoolers today, something I've been wanting to do more of for a while now. For t...
20 Ways to Make Kids Hate Learning This post originally appeared on my Patreon in March '17. Occasionally I'll share an older Patreon post on the main blog, but most...
"Ideological Nonsense" or Revolutionary Education? 5 Outrageous Things I've Learned as a Practitioner of Unschooling Negative mainstream media articles about unschooling--like the tides, the changing seasons, and election years--are a perennial phenomenon, a...
The Cons of Unschooling I think most people know how much I love unschooling by now. I will happily wax on about how unschooling is the only type of truly *free* e...
FORTUNE — For those who doubt that credit ratings still wield power, look no further than Monday's market rout.
The selloff followed a controversial decision by Standard & Poor's to downgrade the United States from AAA, the gold standard in credit ratings, to AA+. Even though S&P's head of sovereign ratings John Chambers has downplayed the move (“It's like going from indigo to navy blue”), already fragile stock markets plummeted, and the world's finance ministers were forced to discuss the situation.
With stocks still shaky, gold prices soaring and talking heads debating whether this is market panic or 2008 redux, FORTUNE spoke with Deven Sharma, the president of S&P, the company that at the eye of this particular storm. Sharma, who became head of the McGraw-Hill (NYSE: MHP) division in September 2007, talked about the stock market slide, his company's reputation, the controversial $2 trillion revision and why he liked Obama's public response to the downgrade.
Given that the U.S. downgrade was widely anticipated, what do you make of the sharp stock market selloff?
First, markets act on information when they want to, and they always over- and under-shoot. Greece is the classic example. We talked about the problems there for years, and nothing happened. We lowered the rating on Greek sovereign debt to BBB, and spreads stayed just below levels for AA rated bonds. But when we lowered the rating to BB, we saw spreads hit CCC bond levels.
There are many factors that could be influencing the markets: the debt situation in Europe, the economic slowdown in the US, a slowdown in high-growth markets that could impact U.S. companies with a mix of global revenues and uncertainty around how U.S. government will achieve the $1.5 trillion in cuts. I've heard many people say, and I agree, that we are in uncharted territory.
What did you think of the speech President Obama gave in response to the downgrade?
People say that we've heard what he had to say before, but he is the president and he was calling for a sense of urgency about [America's indebtedness]. I was encouraged that he began by saying that we have two challenges, the rising debt level and the economic process by which we create an action plan to address the debt. Those were the two reasons [why we downgraded the U.S.]. Obama recognizes this is a serious problem, and as a citizen I personally thought, hey, maybe there is hope that things will get sorted out.
Will the U.S. credit downgrade make Obama a one-term president?
Listen, I'm not going to weigh in on the election. Our role is to speak to credit risk. If politicians can come up with a game plan to address debt levels, figure out a way to drive growth, and lower unemployment, it will be good for everyone and for the country broadly.
What hope do you have that our politicians can deliver? Given that we have the reserve currency, the argument has been made that people will buy our debt and interest rates will stay low, and politicians won't feel compelled to act. It's akin to Japan, which also had a structural mechanism that kept rates low even after the country lost its AAA rating. Japan has done nothing to ease political gridlock and fix its debt problem.
That's an interesting comparison. Japan did not regain its AAA rating in the nine to 15-year period typical of other countries that lost AAA ratings. They are funded by domestic savings, so the government has not been pressured [to make hard decisions] by higher interest payments. But the Japanese population is aging and, at some point, they will have to stop buying Japanese bonds and spend their savings in retirement. Then Japan will have to borrow from outside the country. Then what happens?
As for the U.S., the dollar is the reserve currency and we have the benefit of printing money. The question then is, at what point do people look for alternative currencies. Then what happens? There are limits to these mechanisms.
S&P's competence has been called into question by the Treasury because of a $2 trillion error that your analysts made when they looked at the U.S. debt situation.
Let me clarify. This was not an error. It was a change in assumptions based on conversations we had with the issuer. That is part of the ratings process for any credit [including corporate, sovereign, and structured credit]. We talk to the issuer. If they have feedback, we listen. If we agree, we have no qualms about saying that we will adjust our analysis.
In this case, the Congressional Budget Office had different scenarios for discretionary spending growth, and we picked the scenario by which discretionary spending grew at the same rate as GDP. Then the Treasury pointed out that the budget act caps discretionary spending growth at the rate of inflation. After further conversation with the Treasury and CBO, we agreed with them and adjusted the analysis.
But that adjustment wasn't enough to change our minds. Today, America's debt level is 74% of GDP, or $11.4 trillion. Our initial assumption was that it would grow to $14.7 trillion in 2015. After we adjusted our analysis, we still see debt hitting 14.5 trillion in 2015. The debt is still rising, and moving to an unsustainable level, which the president acknowledged.
Was Treasury trying to spin this conversation?
I would only say that the downgrade was a momentous event for the Treasury and not an easy one. We have to make calls that create difficult situations for people globally. When we downgrade other countries, the reaction is equally strong.
Have you invested in bodyguards for your sovereign debt rating team yet?
You can imagine some of the email traffic has been interesting. But, hey, people have all kind of reactions. We have to focus on our organization purpose and role.
For better or worse, will downgrading the U.S. impact S&P's reputation?
I hope over time that people recognize that we are objective and independent. We call risks as we see them with a forward-looking view.
It's hard to say how our decision Friday will be taken. You have to look at it in the context of history, five, ten, or 10 years from now. If [U.S. political dysfunction] doesn't change, history will say that we made the right risk call. When we downgraded Japan it was the second largest economy and it was coming off so much economic strength. People wondered, what the hell we were talking about. But now Japan has more than 200% debt to GDP and the problem there is big.
THE WOODLANDS, Texas — NASA officials praised “historic” funding levels for its planetary science programs in the administration's fiscal year 2018 budget request at a conference March 20, even as some scientists in attendance worried about how that budget would affect other agency programs.
A town hall meeting known as “NASA Night” at the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference here was NASA's first opportunity to discuss a budget blueprint released by the White House March 16 that included $1.9 billion for planetary science, part of an overall $19.1 billion request.
That amount is a 16 percent increase over the $1.63 billion planetary science received in a fiscal year 2016 spending bill. NASA is operating under a continuing resolution that funds programs in the 2017 fiscal year, which started last Oct. 1, at 2016 levels through April 28.
“This is historic,” said Jim Green, director of NASA's planetary science division. “We've never had a proposed budget this high. This also is the highest increase in any organization at NASA this year.”
Green offered few additional details about how that $1.9 billion would be allocated among various missions and other programs in his division, saying those details would be released in May in the detailed budget statement. The administration's budget blueprint also offered few specifics beyond support for the Mars 2020 and Europa Clipper missions, and stating it would not fund a Europa lander mission.
Green also said little about a proposed new Mars orbiter mission that would launch in 2022 to take over the imaging and communications roles currently filled by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, launched in 2005. Work on such a mission would need to start soon in order to be ready for a 2022 launch. “What we'll have to do is wait until all the budget details are released” in May, he said.
He did provide an update on an effort to make greater use of small satellites for planetary missions. Green said NASA had selected 10 proposals, from 102 submitted, for studies of concepts of smallsat missions to the moon, planets and asteroids. Several more, he said, could be funded depending on what NASA is appropriated for the remainder of the current fiscal year.
That work, he said, is part of a broader effort within NASA's Science Mission Directorate to make greater use of smallsats. “The Science Mission Directorate is moving forward, in I think an aggressive way, to develop a directorate-wide approach,” he said. The NASA associate administrator for science, Thomas Zurbuchen, chaired a study by the National Academies released last year — prior to him joining the agency — that examined the potential applications of cubesats for science activities.
While the budget outlook for NASA's planetary science programs was much brighter than just a few years ago, when scientists attending the NASA Night event worried about cuts in missions and research funding, many at this town hall instead objected to plans in the budget proposal to close NASA's Office of Education and to cut more than $100 million from the agency's Earth science program.
Green said little about those proposed cuts, other than to note that closing the Office of Education does not directly affect education activities funded within the Science Mission Directorate, which were restructured a couple years ago. “I think we've made really great steps to hang on to our educational funding,” he said.
Several of those attending the town hall meeting used the question-and-answer session to criticize the cuts despite the windfall proposed for their own research areas. “I personally feel that it's very shortsighted to be excited about this planetary science budget, because planetary science does not live in isolation,” said Nancy Chabot of the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, a comment that generated applause from the audience.
“We cannot be just supporting planetary science,” she said. “This will be a short-term gain, potentially, but a long-term loss if the science community in the United States is not strong everywhere, all around.”
Too long; didn't read (tl;dr): Delete unused code as soon as possible. It will improve your code quality.
So you have to fix some code. It is a lot of code that was written by someone else a long time ago. (In software development terms "a long time ago" is about three months) So you pack up your gear and start diving into the code.
Your journey takes you to strange places in code land. You will see recursive functions, code that is called asynchronously, callbacks and configuration scripts. At some point you will pass the deployment processes and maybe some code that is run periodically by a scheduler. You will read different languages and see a lot of different code styles. You will travel to far away branches in the repository and eventually you will arrive at the spot where you find this little flaw you set out to iron out.
If the code is well written the journey can be a delight. But often the code was written in a hurry and there was no time for proper refactoring, no time for maintaining a certain code quality. In this case the journey can become a trip through a war zone. You will see dead variables lying around everywhere. Configuration options whose purpose is unknown. Large chunks of code that are commented out and no hint if this code is of any use. You will find entirely abandoned branches where no one has been for years. There will be forgotten functions, where no one knows if they are called at some point. Some code looks like from an ancient time long gone. Maybe there might be dragons in this code. All these are distractions on your way. It slows you down on the journey to the issue you want to solve, your destination.
The solution to have a nicer and faster journey is easy: delete code! I am now 15 years in the software development business and I have maintained a lot of code in a variety of programming languages in my professional career. When I start to maintain a new project I start with reading the code so I get an overview of how the code is organized. When I have a general understanding of the code I start deleting dead code.
There are different types of dead code:
Branches that were useful sometime in the past but are abandoned.
that were useful sometime in the past but are abandoned. Big chunks of code that is commented out but still in the source files.
but still in the source files. Functions, methods and variables that are never used.
Configuration options that do not have any impact.
Let's see on how to clean up the code in a efficient way:
First start with the branches. You need to know what every branch is for. If you are in luck you can contact the person who created a branch and ask him or her what branch is the main one and what the other branches are for. If you can not talk to the maintainer of the software you have to find the current branch. Most of the time this is the branch with the latest commits. (Sometimes the branch with the latest commits can also be a never finished attempt to switch to a new dependency (like a new version of the framework you are using) so please be careful) This will probably be the main one, all other branches are subject to deletion. Compare every branch with the main one. If the changes in the branch are already merged into the main branch, delete it. So now you have still some branches left. If the last commit in the branch is over a year old it is probably safe to delete is as well. Now you have just a few branches left. Repeat this step after some time (depending on the scope of the project 3, 6 or 12 months). (Create a calendar notification to remember you) The branches you have not touched in the meantime can be deleted.
Now you focus on code that is commented out in the code. Sometimes developers comment out parts of code when they refactor it. The want to have the old code to check if the new code does exactly the same as the old code. This commented out code, if not documented with the reason why it was commented out, can be deleted. It just makes developers insecure when they see it. Get rid of it.
Functions, methods and variables that are never used are harder to identify. It makes no sense to search for this kind of code. The better approach is to create a habit: whenever you work on a function check if there are no useless variables defined in it. If you are working in a file or class check if all the functions in it are used somewhere. If you happen to stumble upon something you are sure is not used, delete it. If you are not 100% sure if it is used somewhere, delete it anyway. (Your massive test suite will tell you if you broke something. You have a massive test suite, haven't you?) Modern IDEs also show you unused variables or imports. Delete them.
Another thing is unused configuration options. In a web project you have a lot of configuration: for the web server, the database, the database connection, the application server and more. Sometimes you have some properties in the config file you do not even know what they are doing. Search for the configuration options in your code. If the option is not used, delete it. But be sure to test the system thoroughly afterwards, because sometimes configuration options are used from outside code.
Every line of code can contain bugs. Every line of code costs more because it needs to be maintained and tested. Every line of code less in your system will improve the quality of your product and will reduce the cost of maintenance. Make sure to build a habit to delete unused code as soon as possible.
By deleting code your software will get better, and as a bonus you will make the journey of the next developer more enjoyable. They will thank you for that.
Have a safe journey and don't forget about the picture postcard!
Nurul Islam Fahad alias Marzan. — Focusbangla file photo
Two suspected extremists, including the ‘mastermind' of Gulshan café attack Nurul Islam Fahad alias Marzan, were killed in an ‘operation' conducted by the Counterterrorism and Transnational Crimes unit of Dhaka Metropolitan Police at Mohammadpur in the city early Friday.
A gunfight took place during the operation in Beribadh area where Marzan and his accomplice were killed, said Md Yususf Ali, additional deputy commissioner (media wing) of DMP.
Firearm and motorcycle were seized from the spot, he said.
The accomplice was identified as Saddam.
Bachchu Mia, in charge of Dhaka Medical College Hospital police outpost, said police brought the bodies to the hospital around 3:30am.
The bodies were kept at the Dhaka Medical College Hospital morgue.
According to Monirul Islam, chief of CTTC unit, Marzan is one of the suspected masterminds of the recent extremist attacks in the country and his name surfaced during the investigation into the Holey Artisan Bakery attack at Gulshan in the city, reports United News of Bangladesh.
Saddam was the chargesheeted accused in the killing case of Japanese citizen Hoshi Kunio, attempt to murder case of Bahai community leader in Rangpur, Debiganj Hindu priest Jogeshwar Roy murder case and other criminal cases, according to a text message of the CTTC unit chief.
Marzan, a resident of village Afuri under Hemayetpur union of Pabna sadar, was a 2nd-year student of Arabic department of Chittagong University under academic session 2012-13. He was known as Fahad on the campus.
He, however, did not appear at the year final examination and remained missing since 2015.
The Riot That Never Was If you read the newspapers over breakfast in the summer of 1856, you may have shaken your head over the disgraceful behavior of those Mormons. They were worse in Denmark, even, than they were in England! ATLAS (London, England)
19 July 1856 [DENMARK] A serious split occurred the other day among the Mormonites at Copenhagen. At one of their meetings it was proposed to abolish the practice of polygamy, which was opposed by some of the members on the ground that that was their only motive for joining the sect. The row became so violent that the police were called in, who marched the noisiest off to prison. The story grew over the next two months – or maybe the July story was merely a condensation of a longer, earlier printed story that was finally picked up by the Morning Chronicle and printed as current news months later: MORNING CHRONICLE(London, England)
13 September 1856 MORMONS IN DENMARK A letter from Copenhagen of the 6th says: – A body of Mormons have for some time past held weekly meetings in the Concert-room of the Scandinavian hotel in this city, for the purpose of explaining the doctrines of the sect, and answering any objections that may be made to them. In the last sitting a Jew hawker, after listening to them with great attention, cried ‘I abjure Judaism, and I embrace the worship of the Latter Day Saints!' He was at once accepted, and after the usual formalities received what is called ‘consecration.' He was then invited to take his place on the platform amongst his new fellow believers; but no sooner had he done so than he got up and proposed the abolition of polygamy, which is authorised by the sect. This proposition excited the indignation of the Mormons, and an angry discussion ensued between them and the new convert. The latter was warmly supported by several women of the lower classes, and the Mormons were backed by the men. ‘If we abolish polygamy,' cried a jovial butcher, ‘we shall never make any more proselytes, for that is the bait at which people bite.' ‘ If polygamy be abolished,' shouted a shriveled tailor, ‘I will abandon Mormonism at once. I only adopted it in order to be able to marry as often as I liked.' These declarations were received with shouts of derision from the spectators in the galleries. At length the Mormons became exasperated, and rushing on the Jew, they beat him savagely, and even trampled him under foot. This led to a regular fight between the polygamists and their adversaries, and the windows, lamps, and chairs were smashed to provide missiles. After a while a body of police came in, arrested the leaders in the row, and cleared the room. One of the Mormon priests on being arrested pompously summoned the police to release him, on the ground that he was ‘inviolable,' but to his intense disgust he was locked up. My ward meetings this Sunday won't be nearly as exciting, I fear. Maybe I'll move to Denmark. Comments (8) ﻿
Facebook and WhatsApp have been issued with formal notices by France's data protection watchdog warning that data transfers being carried out for ‘business intelligence' purposes currently lack a legal basis — and consequently that Facebook Inc, WhatsApp's owner, has violated the French Data Protection Act.
WhatsApp has been given a month to remedy the situation or could face additional investigation by the CNIL — and the potential for a sanction to be issued against it in future.
In August 2016 the social networking giant caused massive controversy when its messaging platform WhatsApp announced a privacy U-turn — saying it would shortly begin sharing user data with its parent, Facebook, and Facebook's network of companies, despite the founder's prior publicly stated stance that user privacy would never be compromised as a result of the Facebook acquisition.
WhatsApp's founder, Jan Koum, had also assured users that ads would not be added to the platform. However the data-sharing arrangement with Facebook included “ad-targeting purposes” among its listed reasons.
Users were offered an opt-out, but only a time-limited one — which also required they actively read through terms & conditions to find and uncheck a default-checked box to prevent information such as their mobile phone number being shared with Facebook for ad targeting (shared phone numbers enabling the company to link a user's Facebook profile and activity with their WhatsApp account).
The company's subsequent teeing up of a monetization strategy for WhatsApp, via the forthcoming launch of business accounts, likely explains its push to link users of the end-to-end encrypted messaging platform with Facebook users, where the same people have likely engaged in far more public digital activity — such as liking pages, searching for content, and making posts and comments that Facebook is able to read.
And that's how a platform giant which owns multiple social networks is able to circumvent the privacy firewall provided by e2e encryption to still be able to perform ad-targeting. (Facebook doesn't need to read your WhatsApp messages because it has a granular profile of who you are, based on your multi-years of Facebook activity… And while business accounts don't constitute literal ‘display ads', in the traditional sense, they clearly open up ample targeting opportunities for Facebook to engineer once it links all its user profiling data.)
In May this year Facebook was fined $122M by the European Commission for providing “incorrect or misleading” information at the time of its 2014 acquisition of WhatsApp — when it had claimed it could not automatically match user accounts between its own platform and WhatsApp. And then three years later was doing exactly that.
In the European Union another twist to this story is that Facebook's data transfers between WhatsApp and Facebook for ads/product purposes were quickly suspended — the CNIL confirms in its notice that Facebook told it the data of its 10M French users have never been processed for targeted advertising purposes — after local regulators intervened, and objected publicly that Facebook had not provided users with enough information about what it planned to do with their data, nor secured “valid consent” to share their information. Another bone of contention was over the opt-out being time-limited to just a 30-day window.
However the CNIL's intervention now is based on a continued investigation of the data transfers covering the two other areas Facebook claimed it would be using the WhatsApp user data for — namely security and “evaluation and improvement of services” (aka business intelligence).
And while the regulator seems satisfied that security is a valid and legal reason to transfer the data — writing that “it seems to be essential to the efficient functioning of the application” — business intelligence is another matter, with CNIL noting the purpose here “aims at improving performances and optimizing the use of the application through the analysis of its users' behavior”.
“The chair of the CNIL considered that the data transfer from WhatsApp to Facebook Inc. for this ‘business intelligence' purpose is not based on the legal basis required by the Data Protection Act for any processing,” it continues. “In particular, neither the users' consent nor the legitimate interest of WhatsApp can be used as arguments in this case.”
The watchdog asserts that user consent is “not validly collected” because it is neither specified for this purpose (rather it is only listed as processing “in general”); it also says it is not ‘free' — in the sense of users being able to refuse the transfer; with the only option if they do not agree being to uninstall the application.
“On the other hand, the company WhatsApp cannot claim a legitimate interest to massively transfer data to the company Facebook Inc. insofar as this transfer does not provide adequate guarantees allowing to preserve the interest or the fundamental freedoms of users since there is no mechanism whereby they can refuse it while continuing to use the application,” it adds.
Reached for comment a Facebook spokesperson provided the following statement:
Privacy is incredibly important to WhatsApp. It's why we collect very little data, and encrypt every message. We will continue to work with the CNIL to ensure users understand what information we collect, as well as how it's used. And we're committed to resolving the different, and at times conflicting concerns, we've heard from European Data Protection Authorities with a common EU approach before the General Data Protection Regulation comes into force in May 2018.
The spokesperson failed to respond to specific questions we put to it about its WhatsApp data transfer activity in Europe. But did confirm that WhatsApp-Facebook data transfers for product/ads remain paused across the region.
In its formal notice to Facebook, the French watchdog sharply criticizes the company for failing to co-operate with its investigation — writing that its departments “repeatedly asked” WhatsApp to provide a sample of the French users' data transferred to Facebook Inc only to be told that “it could not supply the sample requested by the CNIL since, as it is located in the United States, it considers that it is only subject to the legislation of this country”.
“The CNIL, which is competent the moment an operator processes data in France, was therefore unable to examine the full extent of the compliance of the processing implemented by the company with the Data Protection Act because of the violation of its obligation to cooperate with the Commission under Article 21 of the Act,” it writes.
It also criticizes WhatsApp for “insufficiently” co-operating with its investigation — saying it made it difficult to determine how data was being processed.
The CNIL adds that it decided to make the formal notice public in order to raise awareness of the “massive data transfer from WhatsApp to Facebook Inc and thus to alert to the need for individuals concerned to keep their data under control”.
It also makes a point of emphasizing that the data transfer has increased in the amount of information the company has at its disposal — “including information about individuals who have not registered for its social network”. (The CNIL has previously ordered Facebook to stop tracking non-users.)
Image copyright Science Photo Library
The number of patients on hospital wards in England have been at unsafe levels at nine out of 10 NHS trusts this winter, BBC analysis shows.
To minimise the risk of infections and delays in getting treatment, hospitals are meant to have no more than 85% of beds occupied.
But the analysis showed 137 out of 152 hospital trusts have been above that level since the start of December.
NHS bosses said hospitals had major problems discharging frail patients.
One experienced hospital boss described some of the weeks this winter as the "worst" he had seen in his career.
Meanwhile, patients have been contacting the BBC to report the chaos they have experienced in overcrowded hospitals, including long waits for treatment and operations being cancelled at the last minute.
'My mum's undignified death'
Image copyright Richard Taylor Image caption Richard, 55, and his mum Sheila on holiday before she died
Richard Taylor, 55, from Liverpool, says he was left devastated after watching the "undignified" death of his mum Sheila in January.
She had cancer, but her local cancer centre was full and so was unable to give her end-of-life care.
She was taken to Aintree Hospital but spent 13 hours on a trolley waiting for a bed before being admitted. A week later she died at the age of 78.
"The nursing staff were fantastic, but there is only so much they can do," Mr Taylor said.
"It was awful watching someone die in this extremely undignified way. If she was an animal, they would have put her down - she was starving and dehydrated.
"The NHS is a great thing, but it is under the hammer."
The findings have been highlighted as the BBC launches a special week of coverage about the state of the NHS.
A poll by Ipsos MORI of 1,033 adults for the BBC has suggested three-quarters want to see charges increased for people coming from abroad as a way of raising more money for the NHS. Some 40% would support a rise in income tax and 37% backed charging for some services.
It comes as the government in England has announced that from April this year foreign patients could be refused operations unless they cover their costs.
Hospitals will be expected to check upfront whether an individual is eligible for free non-urgent care by asking for ID.
Bed shortages 'extremely worrying'
Chris Hopson, chief executive of NHS Providers, which represents hospitals, said the bed shortages were "extremely worrying".
The 85% occupancy mark is an internationally recognised level that hospitals are advised to stick to in order to help them manage the risk of infections and to enable them to have the spare capacity to deal with major on-the-day emergencies.
Mr Hopson said: "Above 85% and the risks start rising and once you get into the 90% it is significant. You don't get this in other countries and it just shows the pressure hospitals are under."
The analysis, which looked at week day occupancy from 1 December to 22 January, showed that over 60 hospital trusts had rates of above 95%.
Overcrowded hospitals 9 in 10 hospitals have had too many patients this winter 85% is the safe level for bed occupancy in hospitals
137 out of 152 hospital trusts have been above this level
20 more hospitals needed to bring NHS to safe levels Getty Images
One of those was Basildon and Thurrock. Its interim managing director, Tom Abell, said it had been an "exceptionally busy" winter.
He said the bed shortage was also to do with the numbers coming into hospital as well as the problems discharging patients.
"Previously it would be unusual to see more than 350 people in our A&E in one day but this is now the norm. We've had several days where more than 450 people were treated."
Andrew Foster, who runs three hospitals for the Wrightington, Wigan and Leigh NHS Trust, said the start to the year has been "the worst I've known".
"It started from Boxing Day onwards," he said. "Cubicles in A&E were full, we had ambulance staff queuing in the corridors and we could not get patients out of hospital. The whole system backed up."
Sorry, your browser cannot display this content. Find out the NHS plans in your area Search by English county or city Search
A spokesman for NHS England acknowledged the situation was impacting on the way hospitals were performing.
He said "the single most helpful change" would be to tackle the problem of delayed discharges, which is caused by a lack of available services in the community to take care of frail patients when their medical care had finished.
Without that support being provided - either from council care teams or district nursing - these patients cannot be discharged.
None of the other UK nations could provide the BBC with bed occupancy data this winter.
Analysis by Ransome Mpini and John Walton
NHS Health Check
A week of coverage by BBC News examining the state of the NHS across the UK as it comes under intense pressure during its busiest time of the year.
Read more from Nick
Follow Nick on Twitter
Doug Jones speaks at a campaign event at Ensley Park in Birmingham on Nov. 18. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images)
Doug Jones, the Democratic Senate candidate in Alabama, made his name as a U.S. attorney in the late 1990s when he successfully prosecuted two members of the Ku Klux Klan for the notorious 1963 bombing of a Birmingham church that killed four black girls.
The two men were convicted in cases that drew national attention; Bobby Frank Cherry died in prison 2004; Thomas Blanton remains incarcerated on a life sentence.
So it came as a surprise to many that President Trump attacked the aspiring senator as “soft on crime.”
“I can tell you for a fact we do not need somebody that's going to be bad on crime, bad on borders, bad with the military,” Trump said in a brief statement to reporters in which he seemed to tacitly endorse Republican candidate Roy Moore. “You don't need somebody who's soft on crime like Jones.”
The criticism echoed long-running Republican talking points about Democrats. But some said that the attack rang particularly hollow given both Jones's record as the U.S. attorney in Alabama as well as the accusations of sexual misconduct toward teenage women that have swirled around Moore for the past few weeks.
MSNBC host Chris Hayes summed up many of the reactions when he tweeted incredulously about the remark.
“So Doug Jones, a lifelong prosecutor who convicted the monsters that murdered four little girls is ‘soft on crime,' but Roy Moore, the district attorney alleged to have molested a child and sexually assaulted a 16yo is not?” he wrote. “Got it.”
[An Alabama Senate race conjures the awful 1963 church bombing that killed 4 black girls]
Hayes added: “Maybe when the president talks about ‘crime' he's not actually talking about crime, but something else entirely.”
Renato Mariotti, a Democrat and a former federal prosecutor in Illinois, pointed out the famous Birmingham case.
“I guess Trump doesn't care about that kind of crime, so he's supporting a man who molested little girls,” he wrote.
Doug Jones prosecuted the KKK for bombing a church and killing four little black girls. I guess Trump doesn't care about that kind of crime, so he's supporting a man who molested little girls. https://t.co/iTb5zRv0vl — Renato Mariotti (@renato_mariotti) November 21, 2017
Moore has vigorously denied the allegations, with his campaign casting the accusations as a “political farce” drummed up by his enemies.
“Ironically, Jones had a tough on crime track record,” wrote Joyce White Vance, the U.S. attorney in Birmingham during the Obama administration. She cited cases he worked on against Eric Rudolph, who was convicted in 2001 for bombing an Alabama abortion clinic, as well as others she said targeted voter fraud, corrupt police and drug dealers.
“Moore on the other hand, often sided with defendants,” she wrote, citing a New York Times report that showed how Moore, as an Alabama Supreme Court judge, sided with those accused of sexual crimes or misconduct more than his colleagues and showed empathy for defendants in other cases.
Others have pointed out Moore's record of ignoring court orders as a judge, related to his infamous display of a statue of the Ten Commandments in a state building, as well as a decision as chief justice of the state in 2013 to reportedly direct probate judges to uphold the state's same-sex marriage ban in defiance of a Supreme Court ruling.
[When it comes to criticizing Roy Moore, Doug Jones lets Republicans do the talking]
For Jones, the Birmingham bombing case features prominently on his campaign website bio.
Years in the making, the Ku Klux Klan case was well in progress by the time Jones was appointed to the U.S. attorney post by President Bill Clinton in 1997.
In his opening remarks in Blanton's case in 2001, Jones sought to bring jurors back to a darker time in the city's history when it had earned the nickname Bombingham and a reputation for racial brutality.
“'When the bomb went off the clock stopped and time for Birmingham stood still,”' Mr. Jones said, according to a New York Times report from the trial.
The explosion “sounded like the whole world was shaking,” recalled Rev. John Haywood Cross, according to court documents, blowing plaster off the walls and peeling the face off the image of Jesus in a stained-glass window.
A key piece of evidence included a surveillance tape played for the jury of Blanton telling his wife where he had done the planning for the bombing: the area under a bridge where a local group of Klansmen met. Blanton was convicted in 2001.
Cherry was convicted the next year, with a case Jones built on testimony from family members, including one of Cherry's ex-wives, and one of his granddaughters, who testified that he once said that he had “helped blow up a bunch of n — s back in Birmingham.”
“The people of the state of Alabama proved for the second time in about a year that justice delayed does not have to be justice denied,” Jones said at the time.
Earlier this month, Jones called prosecuting the Klansmen “the most important thing I have done.”
Pres. Trump on Doug Jones, challenger of embattled Senate candidate Roy Moore: "We don't need a liberal person in there, a Democrat." https://t.co/F6lfS2gzNG pic.twitter.com/EQh5pxzxqz — ABC News (@ABC) November 21, 2017
DeNeen L. Brown contributed to this report.
Read more:
‘Build that wall'? It's already going up — in the form of Trump's actions and policies.
White House military personnel removed amid investigation into contacts with foreign women during Trump's Asia trip
Airbnb becomes flash point in the District's hot debate over gentrification
Leading Democrats Continue to Destroy the Party
The new leader of the Dim party in California is the same man that told the audience to “Shut the F*ck Up” earlier this week. Big surprise, his election was controversial — and has brought out charges of ballot stuffing, and a lack of ID!, from other Dims.
You can't make this stuff up.
If the national mainstream media was reporting on how dysfunctional — the Democratic Party really is at the top level – the caucus size would be even more of an emergency.
This is from Politico, so the truth had to be much worse. SAN FRANCISCO — Supporters of the losing candidate in a bitterly disputed election to serve as chair of the California Democratic Party say they'll begin a detailed audit of the votes on Tuesday. The move comes after protests, allegations of ballot stuffing and bitter disputes after votes at a weekend party convention. Longtime party operative Eric Bauman won the chairmanship of the California Democratic Party over the weekend — but his victory was marred by complaints of ballot-stuffing and floor protests. Backers of the Kimberly Ellis, a favorite of the “Berniecrat,” activist wing of the party — say efforts to scrutinize the votes will begin immediately. The unprecedented effort to examine the documentation of the disputed state party's election results was announced by outgoing California Democratic Party chair John Burton at the close of a raucous state Democratic convention this weekend. Ellis, the former director of Emerge America, a women's political organization, lost the election by a narrow margin of 62 votes out of 3,000 casts. Her loss immediately set off protests from hundreds of her backers, many of whom charged that there were irregularities that included allowing voters to cast proxy ballots without proper ID. Some Democratic insiders are already worried the dispute has potential to do long-term damage, creating a rift in the state party as it heads into crucial 2018 elections, where as many as nine GOP House seats could be at stake in California.
Advertisements
New Delhi: In one of its biggest crackdown on shell companies, the Enforcement Directorate on Saturday conducted simultaneous raids on around 110 premises and 300 shell companies across the country that were suspected to be involved in dubious and illegal transactions during demonetisation, officials said.
The country-wide operation was carried out across 16 states with multiple teams of the agency raiding premises of about 300 shell firms in prominent places like Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Chandigarh, Patna, Ranchi, Ahmedabad, Bhubaneswar and Bengaluru among others.
"Several top business houses being searched in various cities such as Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Bengaluru and Kolkata," the official told IANS.
The raids are being carried out under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) and the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) to investigate instances of money laundering and illegal foreign exchange transactions.
Official sources said the action is part of the mandate given to the ED under a Special Task Force created by the government last month on the directions of the Prime Minister's Office.
The task force was created under the co-chairmanship of the Revenue Secretary and Corporate Affairs Secretary to monitor the actions taken against shell companies by various agencies from regulatory ministries and Enforcement Agencies.
In a statement, the Finance Ministry said last month that harsh punitive action will be taken against shell companies, including freezing of bank accounts, striking off names of dormant companies and invoking Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Amendment Act, 2016.
Shell Companies are companies that exist only on paper, and can be used for money laundering.
The statement said there were about 15 lakh registered companies in India and only six lakh of these file their annual returns.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
UPDATED: Discussing the evolution of content during a Soho House panel, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Ari Emanuel, John Landgraf, Michael Lynton and others agree on "golden age" for writers -- and warn of potential threats to cable TV productions.
The changes in content creation and technology sweeping the entertainment world were very much on the minds of a participant at the opening panel Tuesday morning in West Hollywood of a summit on innovation presented by the Founder's Forum and U.K. Trade & Investment.
“There's no question today more people than ever are watching movies around the world and that just continues to explode,” said DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg. “The fact is, it is transition and how they watch, at what price points and windowing are in the center of the story right now. It is a moment of unprecedented transition and transformation.”
While in agreement that it is a time of change, William Morris Endeavor co-CEO Ari Emanuel said as a talent agent he also sees it as a time of great opportunity as well because all the new platforms still need high quality products that go beyond what is generated by users.
Emanuel called it a “dynamic time for content." “For creators, it's the best time of all," he said. "There is going to be a need for more content. There is a renaissance in television as never before and in movies.”
The panel was part of a two day innovation summit held at Soho House designed to bring together leading entertainment, technology and new media experts to discuss new business models. High level people from more than 60 companies in the U.S., U.K and other parts of the world met to discuss next generation distribution and transatlantic trade opportunities.
John Landgraf, president of the FX Network, said he spends at least five hours every week in discussions with various executives at News Corp about “evolution and new business models.”
“I think there's a myth that we don't understand those [new media] companies,” said Landgraf. “We think about them all the time. It is just different, however. Amazon and Google operate on low [profit] margins but are based on [high] volume. In Hollywood, we operate based more on margin than volume. If you have the sense we should get religion and just care about volume , you don't understand the content business.”
Michael Lynton, CEO of Sony Corp. of America and Sony Pictures Entertainment, said one big change is the way people interact with content. “People are getting over the idea of ownership,” says Lynton. “It's more about access to content. People are breaking the emotional hold of ‘I have to have owned it if I consume it.' Once it shifts, a lot changes and it is happening pretty quickly."
The rapid changes haven't been all bad, though. "For the first time we feel the opportunities outweigh the fears and disadvantages of things we've faced over the last ten years," said Universal Music Group CEO Lucian Grainge.
Katzenberg agreed that the new distribution platforms like Amazon and Netflix are changing the way business is done. But he pointed to YouTube as a place where they are “actually creating a new form of content, a very different paradigm in terms of both consumption and what creatively is the driver of it as well as ways in which to curate that together and find a new engagement with consumers. It's a different type of product."
“It is, to me right now, at the tip of this convergence between what is the best of the south [Hollywood] and the best of the north [Silicon Valley],” added Katzenberg. “I think you're starting to see something very new, very original budding out of it. There is something great going on there ... Right now, to me, it is the wild, wild west. It's the place of great opportunity from a creative standpoint.”
Lynton cited the development of the digital video recorder as something that has caused change that could not have been predicted. “The DVR radically altered the landscape of scripted drama,” said Lynton. “Nobody could predict that would happen, that it would create open-ended drama series.”
Emanuel, whose agency helped set up the recent Netflix original drama House of Cards, espoused the growth of binge-watching, noting it has created a “golden age for writers." The big issue in the future will be pricing, he added, pointing out that different platforms – TV, theatrical, digital, mobile – will all have to be priced differently. “That's going to be a big issue for us and Silicon Valley,” he said.
“Ten years from now, content we create will be available ubiquitously in a very narrow window,” agreed Katzenberg.
What won't change, Katzenberg said, is the need for great content. “The locomotive for us remains the highest end premium experience.” He also said that he believes that by targeting content for theaters, it will only get better as it moves to smaller screens.
Landgraf said there is a danger from “radical business models that undermine the content business.” He said it remains important to have brands that offer people content that is organized in a way they can understand, which can also be used to market that content in an ever more complicated and diverse marketplace.
He said these branded channels might diminish, but he doesn't believe they will ever go away because they are needed. He said the danger is what happens with advertising. For instance, as content moves to mobile, he said that at present they can only monetize about half of what is show. “We have to move to on demand space and know there is an advertising basis and similarity.
Landgraf said if cable TV, as it exists today, were to lose 20 percent or 30 percent of its current revenue, “half of the content production would go away.” For now, added Landgraf, awareness of content still “overwhelmingly comes from television. As much as (new media) is the future, the present tense still looks like the past tense. Most people still find it through television.”
Election 2016: Tony Abbott supporters planning Eden-Monaro boycott, Menzies Group email says
Updated
Tony Abbott supporters are planning a "dangerous" boycott of the New South Wales marginal seat of Eden-Monaro as punishment for Liberal MP Dr Peter Hendy's role in ousting the former prime minister, sources say.
The plan has forced Liberal Party headquarters to urge Canberra Liberals to cross the border into New South Wales to support Dr Hendy's campaign.
Key points: Abbott supporters 'heard saying they want Peter Hendy to lose Eden-Monaro'
Hendy was crucial in 2015 leadership spill won by Malcolm Turnbull
Eden-Monaro has been won by the government at 17 consecutive elections
Late yesterday an email was sent by the Menzies Group, an informal organisation of Liberal Party members, to encourage followers to support Dr Hendy in his fight to retain his electorate in the July 2 election.
The email states "... some members have been heard at Canberra Liberals functions openly talking about their desire to see the incumbent (Hendy) lose the seat."
A source familiar with the email told 7.30 there was a "boycott" by conservative members of the ACT Liberals, who would not campaign for Dr Hendy because they wanted "Peter punished for his role in removing Tony as prime minister".
"Boycotting Peter's campaign ... is dangerous," the source said.
The email sent to Menzies Group members states: "That may have been the result of a heat of the moment dummy spit by a conservative power broker...
"It's unlikely Eden-Monaro will receive the same level of support from Canberra as in the past, which is disappointing as the party was designed by Sir Robert Menzies to be a broad-based alliance of conservatives and moderates, and any true Liberals should prefer Malcolm Turnbull as Prime Minister over Bill Shorten.
"This means if members want to work towards preventing the election of a Shorten Labor government, and we should all want to prevent that happening, the best local option is to assist the Eden-Monaro campaign in Queanbeyan."
Do you know more about this story? Email 7.30syd@your.abc.net.au
In past federal elections, members of the ACT Liberal Party have crossed the border into NSW to campaign in the marginal seat of Eden-Monaro.
During the past 40 years the electorate has been regarded as a bellwether seat, as it has been won by the party that's formed federal government at 17 consecutive elections.
The Menzies Group was established in 2013 with a platform "united in the belief that the local party must reform and broaden its appeal to members and the community more generally".
Dr Hendy holds the seat on a margin of 2.9 per cent.
The assistant cabinet secretary was a crucial figure in the plot to unseat Mr Abbott from the prime ministership in September 2015.
In a statement to 7.30, a spokesman for Mr Abbott said the former PM "supports the election of the Turnbull government and looks forward to supporting his colleagues throughout the election campaign".
When contacted by 7.30 Dr Hendy's office said he did not intend to comment.
Topics: federal-elections, federal-government, federal-parliament, act, australia, nsw, queanbeyan-2620
First posted
Obama administration seeks blank check for perpetual war
12 February 2015
On Wednesday, the Obama administration sent to Congress its proposal for a new Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF), ostensibly targeting the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). Obama accompanied a draft of new legislation to rubber-stamp an escalation of war in the Middle East and beyond with an eight-minute announcement from the White House Wednesday afternoon.
Both the proposed resolution and Obama's announcement were shot through with lies and double-talk aimed at concealing the far-reaching implications of what is being proposed.
The draft sent by Obama requests that Congress give its approval for military operations against ISIS or “associated persons or forces,” defined as anyone “fighting for, on behalf of, or alongside ISIL [ISIS] or any closely-related successor entity in hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners.” This is formulated so as to potentially include organizations or individuals as diverse as Islamist groups in the Middle East and North Africa, homegrown “cells” in Australia, France or the United States itself, or anyone the US claims is aiding and abetting ISIS.
There are no geographical limits to the military action sanctioned by the resolution. Making clear the global framework of the new “war on ISIS,” Obama wrote in a letter to Congress that ISIS could “pose a threat beyond the Middle East, including to the United States homeland.”
The inclusion of language ending the authorization in three years unless the resolution is renewed has as much significance as similar “sunset” provisions in the Patriot Act, which has been routinely reauthorized by Congress. In his announcement of the AUMF, Obama stressed that the three-year framework did not represent a “timetable” for military action and could be extended by Congress under his successor in the White House.
In an attempt to delude the American public, which is overwhelmingly opposed to war, that the new operations are to be limited in scope, the authorization states that it does not provide for “enduring offensive ground combat operations.” Again, the wording is formulated so as to allow virtually any type of military action. There is no definition of “enduring” or “offensive.”
Extended combat operations in Iraq, Syria or another country could be justified on the grounds that they were “defensive” or not “enduring.”
Obama claimed that the resolution “does not call for the deployment of US ground combat forces in Iraq and Syria.” This is simply a lie. Obama last year deployed 1,500 US troops to Iraq, many of which have already been involved in combat operations. The authorization would sanction a vast expansion of such operations.
To date, the administration has sought to develop local forces in Iraq and elsewhere to engage in heavy fighting, with US soldiers participating in an “advisory” capacity and engaging in Special Operations attacks. This could quickly change, as Obama made clear by noting that the resolution provides the “flexibility we need for unforeseen circumstances.” At the very least, the new proposal would authorize the deployment of combat forces within Syria so long as they are declared to be limited and “defensive.”
The entire proposal is thoroughly cynical, a pseudo-legal fig leaf to provide political cover for an illegal war. The way that the new authorization has been proposed—including a perfunctory White House announcement held in the middle of the afternoon—underscores the contempt of the political establishment for basic democratic procedures and the will of the American people. All decisions on military action are made behind the scenes by a cabal of military and intelligence officials, with Obama as their spokesman.
As recently as 2002, in advance of the Bush administration's invasion of Iraq, the political establishment felt it necessary to go through the motions of a Senate debate and vote, with a presentation of supposed facts (i.e., fabrications) and arguments to justify war. Now, wars and military operations are simply launched and presented to the population as a fait accompli.
The proposed congressional authorization for war against ISIS comes nearly half a year after the Obama administration initiated bombing in Iraq and Syria. There have already been at least 2,000 air strikes in this latest round of the US drive to conquer the Middle East.
The war authorization request marks the latest stage in the long and tragic encounter of the peoples of the Middle East with US imperialism. The White House proposal would repeal the 2002 authorization for military force in Iraq, which, following the 1991 Gulf War and a decade of brutal sanctions, was used to invade Iraq and initiate a war that led to the deaths of over one million Iraqis and laid waste to the entire country. ISIS itself is a product of this devastation as well as US support for Islamic fundamentalist forces that have served as proxies in the US-led wars to overthrow Gaddafi in Libya and oust Bashar al-Assad in Syria.
In asking for the new authorization, Obama was at pains to insist he did not need it, and that strikes would continue regardless. “Existing statutes provide me with the authority I need,” he wrote in his letter to Congress.
This was a reference to the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force passed after the September 11 attacks, which has been used as the legal pretext for a series of wars and interventions, including (according to the Congressional Research Service) Afghanistan, the Philippines, Georgia, Yemen, Djibouti, Kenya, Ethiopia, Eritrea, Iraq and Somalia. It has also been used, directly or indirectly, as a pseudo-legal justification for drone assassinations (including of American citizens), abductions, torture, military tribunals, indefinite detention, domestic spying on a mass scale and the establishment of the framework of a police state, including the Patriot Act, the Homeland Security Department and the Northern Command.
Obama has adopted and extended the standpoint of his predecessor that the president has the right to unilaterally order military operations all over the world. The ostensible check on this power laid down by the US Constitution—that only Congress can declare war—has long been rendered a dead letter. As it is, the final language of any resolution that passes Congress will likely be even more open-ended.
The new AUMF is, if anything, even more broadly worded than its predecessor. As with the measure passed in 2001, the proximate target—in this case ISIS—provides a basis for operations aimed at ensuring US domination over key economic and geostrategic areas of the world. It is being introduced at the same time that the US threatens to unleash a European-wide war with Russia over Ukraine, intensifies its operations in Africa, and continues a “pivot to Asia” aimed at militarily and economically encircling and isolating China.
Obama concluded his White House announcement with the assertion that the new authorization does not place the US on a “perpetual war footing.” In fact, unending war, plotted behind the backs of the population, has become the permanent and essential feature of American foreign policy.
Joseph Kishore
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Doctor Who fan who dropped from 17st to 10st spends the money he would have blown on junk food on a £2k Tardis
Keith Gray slimmed down from 17st to 10st by cutting out the junk food
Once ate Big Mac for breakfast now feasts on fish and vegetables
Saved £175 a week on weight loss programme
Whether it's a little black dress you've been dying to slip on or the prospect of holidaying in a barely-there swimsuit, goals play a fundamental role in weight loss.
But one man's light at the end of the weight loss tunnel was quite different to the norm.
Keith Gray was such a Doctor Who is a fanatic that he used the £2,000 that he saved when dieting to build his very own Tardis.
Dr Who fan Keith Gray spent £2,000 that he saved dieting on the Tardis, he lost 7 stone in the process
Keith once weighed 17 stone and would feast on takeaways for breakfast, now he has slimmed down and loves fish and vegetables
The 33-year-old from Dalston, East London, paid for the life-size square blue police box by saving the money he usually spent on junk food and now vows never to return to his former seventeen stone self.
The advertising and art director said: 'When I was a boy I used to leave a Tardis-sized space empty in my bedroom in case The Doctor landed. Now at last it feels like he has!'
Keith asked his carpenter father Gordon to build the box, which now stands pride of place in his lounge and is used as an office.
He added: 'I love the Time Lord but when I was overweight I never had the get up and go to do anything different. I've wanted a Tardis since I was a child and I've rewarded myself after losing the weight.
'Now, I can indulge my passion. I use it as my office and I can sit in there and work and write and it's very relaxing.
'Some people spend their money on new clothes, or a holiday but I really wanted a Tardis.'
Keith, who is 5ft 10in weighed almost 17 stone when he started on the Lighter Life weightloss programme last year.
At 17st, Keith didn't feel happy and after standing on the scales he decided it was time to take action
Four months on he achieved his goal of 10 stone and his waistline slimmed down from 39 inches to 28.
'I hadn't always been big but over the last few years the weight has crept on.
'Then one day last year I got a shock while buying some furniture in Ikea. For some reason I stepped onto a pair of scales in the bathroom section and couldn't believe what I saw! I knew I had to do something,' he said.
Keith, whose favourite Dr Who was Peter Davison who starred in the series in the early Eighties, was eating bacon sandwiches or Big Mac meals for breakfast, huge portions of pasta or pizza and snacking on chocolate and crisps in between.
He uses the Tardis, that he has dreamed of having since he was young, as an office
He said: 'I was spending around £250 a week on food. I couldn't just have dinner, I'd have to have lots of toast before I went to bed. I was eating all day without a break.
'LightLife cost me £75 a week so I was saving around £175 a week which I put into a pot for my Tardis.
'Now I eat porridge for breakfast, steamed fish or chicken with rice and pasta and lots of fruit.
'If I ever feel tempted I look at my Tardis and remember that the old Keith probably wouldn't have fitted into it!'
Could the painting possibly be a paean, even in its mildly ironic way, to small-town America, to those simple, decent values ascribed to the US heartland? Or is it, as so often assumed, a straightforward satire? Is its intention to hold up to ridicule the small-minded provincialism of the American Midwest, and its hostility to outsiders?
Grant Wood's American Gothic is a painting that's puzzled generations who've stopped to wonder at the real meaning behind it. We all know it: a close-cropped portrait of a grim-faced Iowan couple in front of their scrupulously neat, gothic-arched, timber house – in a style also called Carpenter's Gothic for its homespun take on Victorian Gothic architecture, and for which the painting is named.
It was painted in 1930, when US artists were inspired to paint realist scenes of rural America during the Depression, rejecting European modernist influences for a decidedly home-grown, often folksy authenticity, in a style that became known as Regionalism. This February, the painting will travel outside of North America for the first time, as the centrepiece of the Royal Academy in London's exhibition America After the Fall: Painting in the 1930s, where it will be shown alongside both Regionalist and modernist works.
The striking couple are identified either as a homesteading farmer and his wife, or as a daughter with her taciturn and over-protective father. Wood's sister, Nan, who posed for the picture, always insisted the two were father and daughter, perhaps finding the age gap too unseemly. The relationship has always remained interestingly ambivalent.
The scene isn't in any sense ‘real' – everything about it is an artful set-up
Unlike her elder companion's fixed stare, the woman doesn't meet our gaze, but, slightly squint-eyed under that furrowed-brow, glances off to the side. Her expression is actually difficult to determine. She looks sorrowful, or perhaps fretful, or perhaps stoic, or even perhaps simply sour-faced, though her straitlaced Puritan primness is subtly undermined by an escaping coil of hair at the nape of her neck. As if holding guard against those anticipated intruders – as likely as not, protecting his daughter-wife's virtue, though she doesn't seem particularly happy about it – the man grips a pitchfork in a warrior-like fashion. And it's this devilish motif that lends the work its ambivalent, uneasy comedy. Without it, the mood of American Gothic would certainly feel a little more plaintive, and a little less like the theatrical tableau it is, for the scene isn't in any sense ‘real'. Everything about it is an artful set-up.
Not amused
First of all, Nan never actually posed with the man in the picture, nor are they in any way related. Wood had spotted the house during a drive to the town of Eldon in Iowa. It immediately gave him an idea. “That idea was to find two people who, by their severely straight-laced characters, would fit into such a home,” he later explained. So the impetus for the painting is a story-telling one, and a resolutely anti-modernist one.
Wood came to paint the picture in his late thirties, having, in his twenties, spent some time studying painting in Paris, the centre of avant-garde art, and in Munich. Having become familiar with modern painting, he himself had painted in an Impressionist manner, but on his return to the Midwest he was soon to reject all he had seen and learned. He would adopt the detailed, realist style of 15th-Century Flemish painter Van Eyck, and he would embrace Regionalism, but with his own character-driven twist. Despite going back to earlier European traditions, Wood really felt that what he and the Regionalists were doing was finally liberating American art from cultural colonialism, which is something only the later Abstract Expressionists, who embraced modernism full-tilt, would be championed for doing. American Gothic has become an American icon, but Regionalism itself would never be thought of as a significant movement in the canon of US art history.
Wood must have learnt all about plein-air painting in Paris, but the couple in American Gothic were painted separately, and neither sitter was painted in front of the house. The farmer, as you might have already guessed, isn't actually a farmer, but a certain Dr Bryon McKeeby, a well-to-do dentist from Cedar Rapids, where Wood lived with his mother and sister. The couple's clothing too has been carefully handpicked by the artist, and the woman's dress is distinctly old-fashioned, so the first viewers of the painting would have quickly noted the air of nostalgia – though, with the painting's hard lines and surfaces, there's little accompanying sentimentality.
There is satire in it, but only as there is satire in any realistic statement – Grant Wood
In addition, both their faces, Nan's in particular, have been thinned and elongated, as has the prominent gothic window and roof. And, if you look carefully, you might even detect something funereal about the scene, beyond the tombstone features of the couple. It's subtly suggested by the woman's primly buttoned black dress, which she wears under her rickrack-trimmed apron, in the man's smart black overcoat, which contrasts with his overalls, and by the drawn blinds of the window below the arched one. Why are they closed on such a bright day?
Regarding the painting's comic tone, Wood himself gave contradictory accounts. “There is satire in it,” he once said, “but only as there is satire in any realistic statement.” Perhaps it is this ambiguity that has made the painting endure as the most iconic, and of course the most parodied, in US history. Gertrude Stein, insisted that the painting was a “devastating satire.” The modernist writer and avid collector of Picasso and Matisse even went as far as to describe Wood, apparently without a hint of irony herself, as the “foremost American painter.” Others despised it for its ‘fake-folkery'. Clement Greenberg, the towering art critic who championed Jackson Pollock, also chipped in and opined that Wood is “among the notable vulgarisers of our period.”
Odd couple
As with the Louvre's Mona Lisa, which has also had its share of cartoon iconoclasts, American Gothic is a star attraction at the Art Institute of Chicago, where it's been since winning a bronze medal and $300 in a painting competition the year it was painted. But its inclusion in the collection wasn't immediately welcome. An official at the museum snortingly described it as “a comic Valentine”.
With the advent of mass media the two characters have taken on a life of their own, appearing in everything from TV commercials for cornflakes and several US sitcoms, to a cameo appearance as a pair of creepy puritans in The Rocky Horror Picture Show. And there's hardly a president and his first lady whose heads haven't been transposed onto the pair. Most recently, in the UK's Spectator magazine, Donald and Melania looked impassively out as the house and barn behind them burned.
One of the most powerful riffs on the painting doesn't have any comic undertow, however. Instead, Gordon Parks' 1942 photograph of Ella Watson, a black office cleaner, makes searingly visible the previously invisible.
Watson, who stands on her own, is framed by a huge broom, which she holds, and a mop, to the side, in place of the male figure, which now takes on a ghostly absence. The backdrop isn't a house but the US flag. (Watson's job was to scrub the floors of a federal government building in Washington DC – she is at work). Wearing round-rimmed spectacles, her painfully thin, androgynous figure appears to stand in for both characters in Wood's painting. Subverting the whiteness of that enduring painting, Parks' photograph, which later appeared on the cover of the Washington Post, is an astonishingly poignant image. (Incidentally, Parks himself would later become a pioneering director of the first Blaxploitation films and in 1984 made the first film adaptation of 12 Years a Slave.)
It is the slipperiness of American Gothic that makes it continue to resonate so powerfully. The painting is simply ambiguous enough to speak to each generation on their own terms.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
And if you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Milan Records will release the first official soundtrack album for the Showtime original series Billions. The album features selections from the show's original score composed by ESKMO (aka Brendan Angelides). The soundtrack will be released on February 10, 2017. Visit Amazon to pre-order the CD and click here to pre-order the vinyl version. Billions are created by Brian Koppelman, David Levien & Andrew Ross Sorkin and stars Paul Giamatti, Damian Lewis, Maggie Siff, Malin Akerman, Toby Leonard Moore, David Costabile and Condola Rashad. The drama revolves around politics and power in the world of Wall Street and New York investment firms and follows a hard-driving U.S. attorney who clashes with a hedge fund titan. The show's first season premiered earlier this year and is now available on Blu-ray, DVD and VOD. The series' second season will premiere on February 19, 2017. Visit the official show website for updates.
Here's the album track list:
1. Billions Title & Recap
2. Axe
3. Axe Capital A
4. FBI Raid
5. Axe & Chuck Faceoff
6. Chuck Warpath
7. Evidence
8. Everyone Is Afraid of Being Vulnerable
9. The Rhodes
10. The Game
11. Am I A Sociopath?
12. Axe Capital B
13. Dake.Gov
14. Baths
15. Chuck and Wendy Split
16. Wendy
17. Chuck Rhodes, Riderless Horse
18. Consumption
On Thursday morning, IT consultant Paul Nash received an urgent call from a client whose Apache webserver had crashed the previous night and inexplicably wouldn't restart. Equally vexing, people who tried to visit the client's website during the 10-hour outage received a message advertising TeamViewer, a maker of widely used software for remotely managing PCs and servers.
After 90 minutes of troubleshooting, Nash traced the problem to TeamViewer, which he used to remotely administer the client's servers. It turns out the program had opened up its own webserver on the client's machine as soon as Apache went down and in the process made it impossible for the client, a large provider of business software, to restart its proper website.
"At that point, basically the webserver is hosed because if Apache tries to start up again, it sees someone else on port 80 and it falls over and dies, which is kind of antisocial behavior," Nash, who is the principal at Toronto-based Nash Networks, told The Register. Nash was able to get Apache up and running again by killing TeamViewer processes on the server, but by then, the client "had quite a bit of irate support requests stacked up."
The incident highlights a serious liability that comes from using what he otherwise regards as a great tool for remotely managing the thousands of PCs and servers entrusted to him. But what really sticks in Nash's craw, he said, is the blase attitude TeamViewer support people showed when he reported the SNAFU.
"They said they don't see what the problem is," he said.
After he escalated the complaint, Nash finally received instructions for modifying the registry of machines running TeamViewer so its webserver won't automatically start should the normal webserver go down. But this requires him to put his hands on every machine he manages, a solution that's needlessly cumbersome.
Also concerning, said Nash, is TeamViewer's lack of disclosure that its software is receiving incoming traffic sent to machines that run the software.
"They're sitting in the middle and they're in a position to snoop on all my traffic," he said, adding that he thinks that scenario is unlikely. Still, when Nash learned that TeamViewer does monitor for incoming web requests, he said it made him wonder: "What else aren't they telling us?"
TeamViewer's website claims the software has more than 15 million installations in 50 countries. Company representatives didn't immediately respond to requests for comment sent early Friday evening Germany time. We'll be sure to update this article, if they get back to us. ®
Update
A TeamViewer representative emailed us the following:
But Serrano-Urias didn't get far. According to the report, Wild shot Serrano-Urias in the back of the leg as he jumped over the fence in the backyard, but that still didn't stop him. The suspect then took off down Sunset Avenue when the homeowner shot him in the other leg.
At least that's what the suspect told police. According to the homeowner, he only fired at Serrano-Urias while he was in the backyard. He said he pulled the trigger to protect himself and his wife, who was also outside.
Police found Serrano-Urias in the middle of the street in front of the home with two gunshot wounds, one in each leg.
He was taken to the hospital and treated for his injuries. He now faces multiple charges, including residential burglary.
APD said the homeowner is not facing any charges, but the investigation is ongoing.
Say goodbye to Withings. It's been less than a year since Nokia completed its acquisition of the French smart devices maker and now it the Withings brand is about to be sunset. Withings' devices and software will be rebranded under the Nokia banner later this summer.
Withings' existing line of smartwatches, blood pressure monitors, thermometers and cameras will all come under the Nokia brand. Nokia also plans to launch a redesigned version of the Withings Health Mate app that is meant to tie all of the devices together and provide users with a “360-degree view of health.” The 360-degree view will also come in the form of a new HIPAA-compliant Patient Care Platform.
“Nokia is a powerful global brand that is synonymous with innovation, connectivity and great design,” said Cedric Hutchings, Nokia's VP of Digital Health, Nokia in today's press release. “Withings joined Nokia because we share a vision to inspire individuals to take control of their own health. With the full power of a brand recognized for trust, reliability and quality, we will reach more people and impact more lives to help the human family be healthier together.”
For most consumers, the Nokia brand is probably more recognizable than “Withings,” which had its fair number of fans but was always somewhat of a niche product. In this context, it makes sense for the company to sunset the old branding.
HMD — the smartphone licensee of Nokia's brand — also made a few other announcements at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona today. Most importantly, the company used the event to launch its new retro phone, the 3310, which will also allow you to play Snake. That can't be said about any of Withhings' devices.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Geno Smith made it known that he does not consider himself a read-option quarterback. However, he is open to anything.
"I think I have the skill set that fits any offense," Smith said at the NFL Scouting Combine on Friday. "I can play within the pocket, but I'm athletic enough to run that style of offense.
"I have the ability to. I don't think that's my game. I don't think my game is predicated around that. If a coach wants me to, I'll definitely be all for it."
The West Virginia signal-caller is in an odd spot as the 2013 NFL Draft approaches. Most consider Smith the top quarterback prospect, but this class doesn't match the level of quarterback star power of the previous five drafts. The prospects don't have the cachet of Andrew Luck, Robert Griffin III, Cam Newton or Matt Ryan. The Kansas City Chiefs have the No. 1 pick, but there are questions regarding whether any quarterback is worth a first-round pick. But Smith's athletic ability combined with his pocket skills could make some team very, very happy. Especially with the read-option becoming a more prominent weapon around the NFL.
"I'm totally confident in my abilities," Smith said. "I'm not cocky or trying to say I'm this all-world player right now, because I have many areas where I need to grow. But I do feel like I have a great, tremendous skill set and that I have an opportunity to showcase that.
"You can watch the tape and see all the throws I make. Obviously, I can make every throw on the field. That still needs to be improved. Inconsistency is something that I struggled with, I believe. ... Overall, I believe my skill set is one that is tailored for any offense."
Smith came across as confident yet humble; smart in understanding there is much to learn and develop. He had a strong media session Friday, but he doesn't have to win over reporters this weekend.
Follow Kareem Copeland on Twitter @kareemcopeland.
Lunacy is not isolated within individuals.
Lunacy is a river that flows through all society. How society is structured affects the flow.
This means we cannot get rid of lunatics by getting rid of lunatics. Others will simply replace them.
Lunatics are the output of the systems that govern a society. Therefore, if you feel surrounded or oppressed by lunatics, it is of little consequence to direct your actions at the lunatics themselves. Doing so is to merely engage with the product of a system that systematically produces lunatics, and when you're finished with one you will find yourself battling another, or worse, you'll wake up one day to discover that you too are a lunatic.
Lunacy is not isolated within individuals. Lunacy is a river that flows through all society. How society is structured affects the flow. — Greg Slepak (@taoeffect) January 12, 2016
Lunacy And Power
Power exists in the control of a system that is widely adopted. Power misused, misapplied or neglected results in lunatics. Conversely, lunatics will misuse, misapply, and/or neglect whatever power they acquire.
This can result in a chain-reaction of lunatics begetting more lunatics and can be seen in various conflicts throughout the world and at home.
Only difference is one set carries arms themselves while the other wears a suit & tie, speaks eloquently, & has others holding guns for them — Greg Slepak (@taoeffect) January 12, 2016
When power concentrates (or centralizes), it can negatively affect a progressively larger set of individuals and groups.
Natural physiological limitations within Homo sapiens suggest an optimal limit to the influence and extent of any central source of power, beyond which conflict begins to occur.
In designing new systems by which society is structured, we must recognize and respect the fact that people and groups have different preferences for how they wish to live their lives. Combined with Dunbar's number, this implies we must limit the influence that any system has on society as a whole (including so-called “decentralized systems”!) or otherwise risk increasing conflict, and yes, lunatics.
Conflict naturally increases between those near the center of power and those at the fringes of its influence as distance increases. — Greg Slepak (@taoeffect) January 12, 2016
“Crazy People”
A “crazy person” is simply someone whose world-view and belief-system does not overlap with yours.
The label “crazy homeless person” refers to someone who has lived a very different life than the person wielding that label. Even “clinically diagnosed” schizophrenics are simply individuals who live and experience a very different sort of reality than those who diagnose them as schizophrenics. To simply label them “crazy” and not respect their experience of reality is to exacerbate conflict and suffering. Other cultures do not consider it a disorder and behave according to rules that result in less harm to individuals who in our western society become ostracized, chemically lobotomized and confined.
How do we minimize conflict between individuals and groups that label each other crazy?
First, we recognize that craziness/lunacy does not exist as an isolated phenomenon within individuals, but is a byproduct of how a society conducts itself and how its members choose to interact with each other.
Second, we must respect differences not only of opinions, but of beliefs. With those whom we label insane or our worst enemies, we must first acknowledge their right as sentient-beings to live and exist, and then recognize the systems that have molded their lives in addition to the systems that have molded our outlook.
“Terrorists”
“Terrorists” and “terrorism” is what happens when two or more groups:
Fail to acknowledge each other's humanity and right to autonomy.
Refuse to cooperate non-violently in resolving their differences.
Refuse to acknowledge the role that their system has played in perpetuating the conflict.
Refuse to acknowledge the other group's perspective.
Refuse to take meaningful action to address their own wrongdoing and fix the faults that exist within their system of choice.
The Three Noble Truths Of Systems
The word system in this post refers to a set of artificially created behaviors or rules that govern the behavior of matter (animate or inanimate).
Examples of systems include: governments, cultures, religions or philosophies that prescribe specific behavior, and technology.
Three truths apply to all systems in use by any group:
All systems have finite lifespans within a group. No system is ideal for everyone. Conflict is the inevitable result of any system that is “too widely adopted” (whether it is pushed onto those who do not want it, or as a result of declining popularity).
Implications For Systems Of Any Sort
Whether you are creating a new voting system, a new currency, a new social network, or are managing or promoting an existing system, you must acknowledge your own role in fostering conflict within a society that contains groups who do not want your system interfering with their lives, and per the Second Noble Truth of Systems you can expect such people to exist.
You must also acknowledge that in creating or promoting any system, you naturally create the potential for conflict not only with groups that do not favor your system, but also for groups that adopt your system only to later discover that it no longer serves their needs.
The more popular your system becomes, the more power it will have over a society, and the more negatively it will affect those who do not wish to use it but are nevertheless forced to use it or are negatively affected by one of its externalities. Naturally, those groups and individuals will become increasingly socially distant from you. If you are not paying attention, you might not even notice they exist. That is, until suddenly “terrorists” or “crazy people” start to appear and begin to “harass” you. While it may not be evident for those whom the system has taken care of, the “sudden” appearance of “lunatics” and “terrorists” is the result of years of harassment and abuse that they've had to endure at the hands of a system that did not work for them.
Will you be wise enough to allow them to exist without you and your system? Or will you continue to carry your flag into lands where it is not wanted?
I fixed it pic.twitter.com/USHcoZhi9u — Ben Norton (@BenjaminNorton) December 23, 2015
Conflict Resolution When Systems Fall Out Of Favor
Sometimes it is not possible to avoid conflict.
This happens when a system's influence has spread far and wide. Initially, the users of a system (whether it is a political system like democracy, a service like Facebook, a technology like the internal combustion engine, or even a culture or religion) may embrace it and consider themselves members or believers.
The constantly changing nature of reality, however, means that no system can survive forever. Inevitably, all systems fall out of favor with groups that previously considered themselves members as systems fail to adapt to their members' ever-changing and ever-varying needs.
Conflict can be prevented by anticipating this inevitability and avoiding attachment to any system, even those that we created ourselves, and choosing to not impose our favorite system on those who do not want it.
Failure to do so is to summon conflict. Conflict resolution, therefore, involves recognizing that a group previously in favor of a system has now evolved, in whole or in part, to prefer another.
Groups that wish to avoid escalating conflict must seek resolution through the least harmful means possible. Negotiate, involve neutral third-parties if necessary, and respect each other's fundamental humanity and right to live. The alternative is war, and war is fertile ground for lunatics.
Conclusion: How To Avoid Lunacy
Systems manufacture lunatics and terrorists in two ways:
By (mis)design. For example, a group or an entire society can adopt a poor healthcare system or culture that results in the systematic production of “crazy people”. Through imposition. Often a group will use force to impose a system onto others. National currencies are often an example of this, as their usage is often forced upon a population and the use of competing currencies is either outlawed or regulated into oblivion. Imperialism, such as the “spread of democracy”, is another example.
Therefore, if we wish to experience a more conflict-free world, we should observe the following principles:
Peter Taylor has dipped into the loan market to secure the capture of an attacking midfielder
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor today secured his third loan transfer of the January window with the signing of attacking midfielder Connor Smith until the end of the season from Championship side Watford.Connor, who is a Republic of Ireland Under-21 international, was first spotted on the Sky TV programme Football's Next Star, in which he finished runner-up, signing for Watford's Academy shortly after.Having gained first team experience with a loan spell at non-league Wealdstone, he was handed his first team debut by Gianfranco Zola in a 3-2 win over Crystal Palace in August 2012, just a few weeks after scoring against the Gills in the Hornets' 3-0 pre-season win at Priestfield.His eight senior appearances for Watford include five league and cup outings in 2013/14 and he signs in time to feature in the squad for this weekend's Sky Bet League 1 match at Colchester United.
For a band 15 years and five albums in to their careers, four-piece indie rockers Bloc Party have found themselves rejuvenated.
It's common enough for bands to return after a period of inactivity and claim that they've regained their joie de vivre, when in fact they all hate each other and are desperately trying to hold things together for one more touring cycle.
However, for Bloc Party, who now boast an entirely new rhythm section, it rings more true than for most.
They are about to release a new album Hymns on January 29, and are headlining the NME Awards Tour along with Drenge, Rat Boy and Bugzy Malone, which stops off at the O2 Guildhall in Southampton on Saturday, January 30.
Bloc Party are an act that appear to have thrived on inter-band friction – they put things ‘on hiatus' before after third album Intimacy, when charismatic frontman Kele Okereke pursued a solo career.
But after their last album, cunningly titled Four, drummer Matt Tong and then bassist Gordon Moakes left the band.
I think a lot of the stuff on the record sounds a little deceptive – it may not sound completely like it's a live band playing, but everything on it is played live, and that was really important to us when we were doing the recording Russell Lissack of Bloc Party
This left the songwriting nucleus of Okereke and fellow founder, guitarist Russell Lissack.
And as Lissack explains it now, the departure of their drummer and bassist wasn't so much the end of Bloc Party, but the chance to start over.
‘In a way it was kind of the opposite of the end,' Russell told WOW247. ‘It was the beginning again, I think.
‘The way things were for us at the end of 2013, we were touring and no-one was really enjoying what we were doing – some people less than others, and it got to the point where we couldn't continue as we were.
‘It could have been the end, but the fact that Kele and I wanted to continue, and we found new people, it was the opportunity for us to have a fresh start.'
Russell and Kele began meeting up towards the end of 2014 to start songwriting again.
New bassist Justin Harris had been a long-term friend of the band ever since they played together on tour back in 2009 – Justin is also part of cult American rock act Menomena.
‘I think it was they happened to be taking a break for an unspecified length of time and we needed a talented bass player, so it was very fortunate that it happened to pan out that way.'
While the album features more influences from electronic music than before, there are still the nagging riffs that long-term fans will recognise.
And although Kele and Russell were the main writers on Hymns, Justin joined in time to feature on Hymns.
Did they ever think about following in the footsteps of other British musicians like The Cribs and Johnny Marr and relocating to Justin's home of Portland?
‘Yeah, we talked about it at one point and thought it might be nice to go to Justin, but the practicalities of it didn't make sense, ultimately. It would've been multiple people going there, when it could be just one person coming here.'
And he laughs: ‘We've bullied Justin into moving to London now – he's a Londoner at the moment.'
The 21-year-old drummer Louise Bartle was discovered via YouTube.
‘It's been really fun playing everything and learning some old songs we haven't played for a long time.
‘Louise is really young and she's a brilliant drummer, she can play anything we throw at her – she picks everything up really quickly, which is nice because I'm quite impatient,' he laughs.
‘It's nice to have someone you can say to: “Can you learn this?” And she comes in the next day and knows it better than everybody else.
‘It's cool having someone who's experiencing all of this for the first time – playing shows to people and travelling to different countries – her excitement has been quite contagious.'
It's also given them a new dimension when playing live.
‘There's definitely a different vibe – whenever you play with anyone different there's going to be a change in the chemistry but the energy has been really good.
‘Not to talk ill of the other guys, we know we had a lot of great times, but certainly towards the end there was a lot of negative energy which made it not so much fun, but it's been overwhelmingly positive for us at the moment.'
The title of the new album was inspired by Okereke seeing a talk by one of his favourite authors, Hanif Kureishi, discussing evangelical art and how unfashionable it has become. The frontman began to think about how he would express a spiritual dimension, without being religious.
‘It's not really something that we discussed before we started writing the songs,' says Russell, ‘but Kele did say at the very beginning that he wanted to call this album Hymns, and just having that title kind of helped set a tone for what we would do and I guess some of the music he was sending me to draw inspiration for.
‘Rather than an album that's trying to draw a religious message, it's a record that's inspired by religion from his childhood experience.
‘There's an atmosphere there that implies things without imposing a specific message.'
The band's debut album, Silent Alarm, was a critical hit, with sales to match – going platinum in the UK. It was nominated for the 2005 Mercury Prize and featured in numerous end of year ‘best of' lists – topping the NME's albums of the year, ahead of Arcade Fire's debut Funeral.
They also took part in that year's NME Awards Tour with The Killers, The Futureheads and Kaiser Chiefs.
Being back on the NME tour more than a decade later feels like things coming full circle for Russell.
‘It's funny, it's one of kind of lot of things that have fallen together and made it feel, for me at least, like I did when we started this band – the kind of writing in a room with Kele, the NME tour, there's been various elements which make it feel like we're doing it again for the first time, which is a nice thing to have.
‘It goes back to having the new members – it's easy to get a little blase about things when you've been doing it for a few years. But even the little things seem exciting again.'
So is this line-up for keeps, then?
‘Yeah, definitely. We're kind of all writing together now for the first time, all four of us. We're trying to get as much of that done as we can in soundchecks and things, and we're already thinking about what we're going to do.
‘It is a bit weird as this album's not even out yet from other people's perspective and we're already looking to the next one.'
But that's not to say the band are already looking past this album – Russell's suitably bullish about taking it out and playing it to their fans.
‘I can't wait for people to see us playing it, I think it really takes it to the next level and it comes to life in the venues.
‘I think a lot of the stuff on the record sounds a little deceptive – it may not sound completely like it's a live band playing, but everything on it is played live, and that was really important to us when we were doing the recording, to get in a room together and play all the songs and bring them all to life before we recorded them, and that's the part I'm looking forward to most – playing it to people.'
n Bloc Party headline The NME Awards Tour at O2 Guildhall, Southampton on Saturday, January 30. Doors 7pm. Tickets £29. Go to o2guildhallsouthampton.co.uk
CHRIS BROOM
Image copyright Reuters Image caption An average of 14 migrants are drowning in the Mediterranean every day
The number of undocumented migrants who drown in the Mediterranean trying to reach Europe has reached 5,000, the highest annual total yet, the UN says.
The latest figures, released by the UN's refugee agency, include 100 deaths reported on Thursday after two rubber dinghies sank off Italy.
The increase was down to bad weather, ever riskier boats and tactics to avoid detection, a spokesman said.
The UN said Europe should organise legal ways for refugees to find safety.
Spokesman William Spindler said the increase in deaths was "alarming" and the smugglers' practice of sending thousands of migrants off at the same time made it difficult for rescuers of save them all.
Almost 360,000 migrants entered Europe by sea this year, mostly arriving in Italy and Greece, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Migrants are being put to sea on increasingly flimsy boats, the UN says
The record number of deaths means an average of 14 people are drowning in the Mediterranean every day despite the overall number of people making the crossing declining.
Most have perished on the dangerous crossing from North Africa to Italy after the shorter crossing from Turkey to Greece was closed off earlier this year.
The UN said legal routes for refugees to reach Europe should include resettlement and family reunification programmes as well as private sponsorship and student scholarships to prevent refugees from resorting to the use of people smugglers.
Just under 3,800 migrants died in the Mediterranean in 2015, according to IOM figures.
A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
First Tunisia. Then Egypt. Now Nokia. The twittersphere is again afire with buzz about massive protests. They're not political this time, but the outcome could be just the same. Can Nokia CEO Stephen Elop survive the revolution?
Nokia employees aren't responding well to today's sweeping deal with Microsoft. They're mad, as they should be. A few hours ago I called the agreement, which swaps Symbian for Windows Phone as Nokia's primary mobile platform, a "silent takeover...If I were a Nokia employee or investor, I'd stage a revolt." Apparently employees and shareholders are doing just that.
Investors punished Nokia shares with a 14-percent decline. Meanwhile, about 1,000 employees walked off the job, using flexible work-hour plans to do so, apparently protesting Nokia's deal with Microsoft. There is plenty of Twitter buzz, unfortunately too much of it in Finnish (Hey, my second language was Latin, and I'm rusty at that). But the reaction I can read is absolutely chilling.
Nebil: "#Nokia RIP. #Microsoft will leach you out of your existence. Nokia bends to pick up the soap."
Turcu Ciprian: "I think #nokia did a big mistake. No offense #microsoft but Android would of been a better way to go if they wanted a slice of the cheese."
Rajinder Yadav: "#Nokia just added fuel to their man on a burning raft. They just killed the QT developer ecosystem today for MS and .NET"
Justine Devine: "I should start writing a case study now about how #Nokia put themselves out of business."
Tom Reestman: "I wonder if Elop thinks his 'relationship' w/ #Microsoft will keep him from getting screwed by them down the road?"
Dale Wilson: "Did #Microsoft send #Elop to #Nokia to stage a coup? Hmmm ... What do you think?"
Nick Robinson: "Has any other company ever scrapped the OS with the largest market share in favour of one with the smallest?"
Steven Frank: "A 20 year regime comes to an end after populist revolt."
Helge Reikeras: "#Nokia you are officially dead to me now."
Purnateja: "Why Did Stephen Elop decide to Elope with Microsoft?"
The questions now to ask:
Has Elop gone too far to survive the wrath of Nokia employees, investors, customers, developers and partners?
Does he still own Microsoft stock (I haven't had time to yet check), which could raise reasonable questions about conflict of interest?
Was this all along a plan between Elop and Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to gut Nokia's platform in exchange for Windows Phone?
Remember, Elop only went to Nokia in September, surprisingly giving up his cozy position as president of Microsoft's Business division. He's not only new chief executive but a foreigner -- a Canadian, giving an American company huge influence of one of Europe's oldest industrialists. These are all marks against Elop when tallying up the benefits (none that I see) from today's Microsoft deal.
Elop may have thought he was starting a revolution, by making so much dramatic change to Nokia. In the end, he may be the victim of a counter-revolution staged by Nokia employees, investors and loyalists. At the least there should be some official investigation into the ties that bind Nokia and Microsoft: A major Microsoft executive becoming Nokia CEO and then cutting a deal six months later that is hugely beneficial to his old company. Something stinks in Finland and also Washington state.
KATHMANDU (Reuters) - A river dammed up by a huge landslide in Nepal's northwest has begun flowing again but the risks of flash floods are not over yet, police said on Sunday.
The landslide at Ramche village in Myagdi district, about 140 km (90 miles) northwest of Kathmandu, struck on Saturday night and blocked the Kali Gandaki river, triggering fears that a large volume of water would build up and then burst through, causing floods downstream that could reach as far as India.
“The river has started overflowing the dam. The water build-up is no more rising,” police official Kamal Singh Bam told Reuters.
“We think it will not breach the dam suddenly and cause downstream floods. But the risk for that is not totally out yet,” he said.
Earlier the authorities asked thousands of downstream villagers to move to safer areas amid concerns that the river could bring floods in the districts of Parbat, Syangja, Gulmi, Palpa, Nawalparasi and Chitwan.
The river flows into India where it is known as the Gandak.
A big earthquake hit Nepal on April 25, triggering numerous landslides and avalanches and killing more than 8,000 people. A second quake hit the mountainous country on May 12, killing scores.
Myagdi district administrator Tek Bahadur K.C. said the landslide had created a 150 meter-high dam and the water build- up spread about three kilometers.
“We had already moved 123 people in the area to safe places fearing landslides as the mountain had developed cracks in the earthquake,” he said.
“This is why there is no human casualty even in such a massive landslide that has destroyed part of a dirt road connecting the nearby areas,” K.C. said.
In August last year a massive landslide blocked the Sunkoshi river in northeast Nepal killing more than 150 people and causing fears of flooding as far away as the eastern Indian state of Bihar, where thousands of people were evacuated.
Hello everyone, Kahotan here! (@gsc_kahotan)
I lived in Hokkaido until I was half-way through kindergarten! You'd think I'd be strong against the cold, but I'm not really!
Anyway, today I'm going to be taking a look at…
Nendoroid Noel ★
From the anime series ‘Celestial Method' comes a Nendoroid of the ‘saucer girl' Noel! She comes with a variety of option parts including a leaf umbrella, a cut out panel of Kirigon and a saucer cushion. She also comes with three expressions including a smiling face, a sulking face as well as the crying face with a gentle smile that was seen in episode 11 of the anime series. The various optional parts allow you to recreate all sorts of scenes from the series! She even comes with a special ‘saucer' part to display with her! Be sure to greet her with a warm smile when she joins your collection! ♪
Oooooooooooooohhhh!!!! (●´ω｀●)
From ‘Celestial Method' the popular anime series written by Naoki Hisaya of ‘Kanon' fame, with characters designed by QP:flapper, comes a Nendoroid of the mysterious but adorable little Noel!♪
Just looking at her smile makes me feel all warm inside!! ♡
Plus she comes with various parts to make her even cuter! ε=(｡・д・｡)
I'm sure most of you already know what this is!
She comes with a leaf umbrella!! (σ・∀・)σ
I can't think of any character that would look better with a leaf umbrella!
I still think the scene where she picks a leaf and holds it over Nonoka was just too adorable! Seeing a little girl like her stretch out like that is so cute!! *nom* (●´ㅂ`●) *nom*
Those who agree with me about the cuteness will be happy to know that some Nendoroid Plus items featuring a Nendoroid illustration of her holding the leaf umbrella are shipping out from GSC on the 26th January! ♪
★ Nendoroid Plus: Sora no Method Rubber Straps (Noel / Nonoka Komiya)
★ Nendoroid Plus: Sora no Method Mini Towels (Noel / Nonoka Komiya)
But anyway, let's get back to the Nendoroid! She includes all sorts of optional parts to enjoy!!! (｀・ω・´)ゞ
The umbrella is only just the beginning!
For example… she comes with an amazing…
Kirigon Panel!★
A truly indescribable level of cuteness!
The panel is planned to be made from cardboard.
(・∀・) “That's not the only Kirigon!!”
We're joined by the figure's planner, Kyojin!!
(・∀・) “She also comes with a Nendoroid sized Kirigon panel to put her head through!”
THAT IS ADORABLE!
I can't wait to try putting some other Nendoroids in for some photos! ♥︎
(・∀・) “The size takes the Nendoroid base into account and should work with most Nendoroids without problem!”
You can recreate the entrance to the ‘Shiihara' souvenir shop! ♪
When I think of this panel together with Noel, the first thing that comes to my mind is episode 7! It was a very memorable scene!
(・∀・) “Which means that we just had to include parts that would let fans recreate that as well!”
“Monster-san…”
The Kirigon panel that Noel and Souta fixed!
In other words…. three different Kirigon panels are included!
(・∀・) “Also, while the smile Noel gave after she had fixed Kirigon was lovely… we certainly couldn't forget about the sad face she had while she was worrying about him! That was the image this expression was made in.”
Ah, that must be the ‘sulking face' in the product description!
She really does look ready to burst into tears! It makes you wish you could jump to her side and give her a hug! (/ω＼)
(・∀・) “You can also use the expression to recreate this scene from episode 6!”
The saucer cushion!! ∑(ﾟДﾟ)
The expression really conveys that she isn't quite happy with it…
Plus you can actually balance her on the stand and place her feet forward for a cute pose like this!
Noel sitting on the cushion!
The way the cushion is sculpted also really makes it look like it should be soft to the touch! It's hard to believe it's made from hard plastic! ♡
(・∀・) “There is still more!”
…? What more could there be?! (((( ;°Д°))))
(・∀・) “How about this?”
Oooohh!! The Saucer!!
(・∀・) “It's the most important part of the story! It had to be included!”
The dome looks a bit like a big marble chocolate! It's so pretty! ☆
As you can see from the image above, her twintails also have joints in them to match with more dynamic poses!
The saucer is actually rather large as well! Σ(･ω･ﾉ)ﾉ！
(・∀・) “While we had to make a few changes for it to be included with the Nendoroid in this size, we did keep it looking as close to the original as possible! The top and bottom even have different patterns on them as they should – be sure to take a closer look if you decide to pick her up!”
Plus the saucer will come with a special attachment part to allow you to display it floating up in the skies! ヽ(*・ω・)人(・ω・*)ノ
*Made for illustrative purposes. The attachment is still in production.
This let's you recreate the skies of Lake Kiriya City! ♪
By the way… I just noticed we've only seen two expressions.
Does she come with a third?
(・∀・) “Yep… the crying face from episode 11.”
Noel… (´□｀｡)
(・∀・) “I can't say too much as I don't want to spoil anything… but anyone who has seen the series knows this is another expression that just had to be included.”
Nendoroids are great fun to play with and look at… but they can also be a great way to remember the storyline of an anime sometimes! Nendoroid Noel is filled with fun and is sure to remind you of the lovely storyline again and again! (‘-‘*)(,_,*)(‘-‘*)(,_,*)
(・∀・) “There are so many fun scenes to recreate, and I'm sure fans will love her!”
Packed fill with optional parts and expressions! ♪
Nendoroid Noel!
She'll be up for preorder from tomorrow! ♥︎
Check the GSC site tomorrow more details!
☆ Celestial Method Official Site: http://sora-no-method.jp
☆ Celestial Method Official Twitter : @sora_no_method
･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ
Finally a quick notice! ♪
This Friday is a special WonFes edition of…
Kahotan Station!
Along with a look at the products we will also be taking a closer look at what will be going on at the booth at this Winter's WonFes!! ヽ(・∀・)ﾉ
I'm sure we'll have some actual product samples to look at too! ♪
I hope you'll stop by and join us!
ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ
／Kahotan's Inner Voice＼
∧＿∧
（ ・∀・） .。０ (I want to go to Hokkaido…)
oノ∧つ⊂）
( （ ・∀・）.。０ (…with Nendoroid Noel!)
∪（ ∪ ∪
と＿_）__）
Anyway, see you all again soon!
Planning Team / Kahotan
Twitter ID: gsc_kahotan
©霧弥湖町観光協会
Anyone involved in the designing, shaping and marketing of future education must have one eye on the New School. The New School provides competition to established institutions, yet it can also be an inspiration for much-needed evolution. Educators from the New School come in many shapes and forms. And they seem to be growing in number every single day. We delved into our Lab and selected a Top 10 to watch out for.
Experience Institute:
We must admit we immediately fell in love with this website and this fantastic idea of learning by experience. The story started when Victor Saad found he didn't like the price or fit of the MBA programmes he was researching, so he sought out his own ‘classrooms' at top companies.
And now for $10,000 he offers students a 12-month HE programmes that's been created with input from the likes of Apple and Kellogg. It involves three or four real-world apprenticeships at companies that specialise in such fields as Design, Technology, Business Development and Social Innovation. Click this video to see the story.
Enstitute:
‘Enstitute is a non-profit, apprenticeship-based, educational experience that turns start-ups and small businesses into classrooms.'
Students can join a 2-year apprenticeship where they will learn by doing, working under entrepreneurs. This is supplemented with a robust curriculum of online and offline work. And importantly, they also build a digital portfolio of work, projects and recommendations.
They aim to graduate 500,000 students in high growth fields by 2025. And their story has been picked up by Forbes and Fast Company.
Tiimiakatemia:
OK it may not be a name that rolls off the tongue easily, but it's an innovative concept created by the Entrepreneurship Centre of Excellence at the JAMK University of Applied Sciences in Finland. And it's hard to believe it's now 20 years old.
Put simply, they bring student entrepreneurs together to run their own cooperative businesses. And when the students graduate, they then embark on a trip around the world with the money they generated during their studies. So far, teams across the world in such countries as Brazil, Spain, the UK, Hungary, France and of course Finland have created marketing agencies, wedding fairs, a restaurant and a steam train park. 37% of their students launch their own business within 6 months of graduation.
Saxifrage School:
A higher education laboratory that aims to lower costs, re-think the campus, and reconcile disciplines, the Saxifrage School is another radical concept. Their plan is to have one-on-one mentors, lower tuition fees and offer 4-year degree programmes at a nomadic campus that makes the most of Pittsburgh's underutilised space. A great article in The Wall Street Journal picks up the story – we'll watch what happens in the future. Good luck to a worthwhile and brave idea.
Knowmads International Business School:
Starting out as an experiment created by a group of entrepreneurs and educators on a boat in Rotterdam, Knowmads attracts a ‘tribe' of young change makers from around the world and collaborates on real-world projects with the likes of KLM and Deutsche Telekom. The 12-month programme is based in Amsterdam and the students even co-own the school.
The Mycelium School:
Learning reimagined, The Mycelium School offers a 9-month residential education in North Carolina for emerging leaders who are driven to make a positive impact in the world through entrepreneurial means. In their words:
‘The Mycelium School helps participants create actionable solutions to real life problems. By disrupting the status quo of higher education, The Mycelium School provides a necessary alternative for people who are changing the story – young, emerging leaders seeking to contribute their best to the world.'
The Matador Network are big fans too.
Project Breaker:
These guys stand out for ‘Redefining education, creating entrepreneurs and designing change'. Their mission – to drive social innovation and alternative learning by mobilising interdisciplinary teams of young creative collaborators to help solve the world's most pressing problems.
They do this by connecting young people with global thought leaders and challenging them to design product and service solutions for emerging industries. Their next challenge is ‘The Future of Stuff.' Watch their video featuring the company's founder and TED Senior Fellow Juliette LaMontagne.
Hyper Island:
If you've followed us for a while, you'll know we like to keep up with Hyper Island. If you're a relatively new follower, this is a story you've got to hear. An idea that was formed 15 years ago, Hyper Island has taken industry-based learning to a whole new level. There are no lectures or textbooks. Creative students learn through collaboration, inspirational guest speakers, sparking off each other and working on real-life projects for the likes of Adidas and Greenpeace.
They offer a range of Executive and Student programmes ranging from Digital Media to ecommerce. And they have centres in Singapore, New York, Manchester (UK) and Stockholm. While their main base is a former military prison on an island in Sweden!
Learn With TED:
This is a bit leftfield and a big risk. Just what you'd expect from a budding entrepreneur. It remains to be seen whether the site quietly disappears, gets the backing of big TED or TED has similar plans of its own. But it has the right sentiment and ambition. It's worth checking out. And it will be interesting to see how things pan out.
The Village:
Over in Boulder, US there's a community that's co-creating the future. Where a tribe of 12 young students live and learn with their mentors and role models in two neighbouring houses. Their aim? To change the world. Sure, it's only small now. But it genuinely sounds more culture change than cult and we watch with interest. They aren't small fry either. Here are a couple of them on stage at TEDxMileHigh.
We hope you've enjoyed this global round up of alternative educators. Of course, this is just a snap-shot of just some of the exciting, emerging landscape. All of this, and lots more is in our Lab and available to inspire and help shape your own way forward. If you want to learn more about how the Future Index can help you then please look at how we help institutions with their future employability offer by clicking here.
To ask us to think about how we might meet a challenge, please contact us.
You can now stay ahead and follow this blog to receive the latest posts immediately by email. Simply scroll down a little and click on ‘follow this blog'.
Advertisements
Muslim Press has conducted an interview with Professor Diane Christian to discuss American policy in the Middle East and the Iraq war.
Here's the full text of the interview:
Muslim Press: Dr. Christian, do you think Americans today approve of wars?
Diane Christian: Americans vary about war. Some, like me, are pacifists and believe it is always an immoral act. Some believe it is a proper and necessary if unpleasant duty. I think most Americans don't realize how bellicose America is, how much war we have made, and make now. We have never recognized the horror of the atomic bombs dropped on Japan. The film footage was classified almost thirty years and still is not really taught in American history, The movie Let There be Light made by John Huston about the psychic damage done to soldiers in World War II was similarly censored and suppressed.
Today I think most Americans would say they don't want war. But many feel we should act as a righteous superpower—oppose tyranny and cruelty by war, and support our interests, and those of our allies. All the usual rationalizations.
MP: Where does the idea of "preemptive wars" come from? Is any country justified to impose preemptive wars on other countries?
Diane Christian: A preemptive war is rationalized as a moral first strike. Most defenders of “just war" say that you may counter an attack made against you to defend yourself but they require the attack and time counts. You have to be attacked. The preemptive warmakers say the enemy will attack us and is intent on destroying us so we are justified in striking them first. It's terrible. The Bush administration did this when they suggested Saddam Hussein would use nuclear weapons against us given time, so we were just in striking them to preempt their ability to attack. The preemptive position rationalizes paranoid fear and vicious behavior. It's terribly dangerous. The appeal to fear and cruelty and irrational action is self-justifying and contradicts reason and international law.
MP: Was the Iraq war a preemptive war?
Diane Christian: Absolutely.
MP: Did the American people approve of that war?
Diane Christian: Too many did. Had there been a draft which touched all American youth as in the Vietnam War, there would have been more protest. Bush cynically said we had to fight over there so we wouldn't have to fight here, and many bought the old bait. A terrible indictment of the ignorance and gullibility and callousness of Americans.
MP: What makes people like Osama bin Laden or George Bush to think they are righteous and their enemies are sinful?
Diane Christian: Vanity. Also greed for power. And ignorance.
MP: Do you think they use religion in order to deceive people?
Diane Christian: Yes, starting with themselves.
MP: How do you compare Iraq war's death toll with Saddam Hussein's killings during his reign?
Diane Christian: I don't know the numerical toll of our war or of Saddam's reign. I imagine our number is higher. One of the awful truths is that war doesn't care. The numbers numb us.
MP: You have described the Iraq war as "the Rape of Iraq". Could you explain what you mean by that?
Diane Christian: I used that sexualized figure to challenge and refute the argument many made that we were liberating Iraq, that the poor oppressed Iraqis would greet us as liberators from the wicked cruel Saddam. Ridiculous. To bomb and violate and destroy is not to liberate, it is to rape. It is not an act of love but of violent power masquerading as love.
MP: How do you view the impact of Iraq war on the country as of today? How do you see the future of Iraq?
Diane Christian: Americans mostly now think the Iraq war wrong. Obama called it the wrong war; Trump brags (dishonestly) that he was always against it, and Clinton says her vote for it was wrong. But the horror and enormity of the damage done to Iraq, as is usually the case, is not addressed or reckoned or repented. The Iraqis, like the Vietnamese and the Japanese, will probably eventually establish a friendly position with us. Some, to America's benefit, will enter and enrich our society. The nation of Iraq will struggle and suffer. We have done them terrible wrong and should beg their forgiveness.
Diane Christian is SUNY Distinguished Teaching Professor at University at Buffalo. Her more recent work of essays and poetry, Blood Sacrifice: reflections on war and murder (2004), explores Christian's views on "the ethics and rhetoric of George W. Bush's war in Iraq."
Cannes Film Festival started this week and the stars were out in full-force with intriguing fashion choices. It's quite the challenge to attempt a body-revealing look at Cannes, while also trying to remain professional and refined. Some celebrities managed to pull it off: Paz Vega wore one of the most intricately-detailed dresses we have ever seen, which helped us forget that we could see her entire slip underneath all the crystals, and Cara Delevingne braved the Cannes parties wearing a jacket with a deep, plunging neckline.
There was a case of too much cleavage on the Cannes red carpet with Laury Thilleman's gown, and the usually stellar Heidi Klum had a pretty visible slip this week -- particularly in the top area of dress. Lastly, another star attempted to keep the Gwyneth trend going -- you know, the one in which you wear a dress that doesn't have any side fabric? Well, Lianne La wasn't very successful in trying to perfect that look.
Click through to see which stars hit the mark and which fell flat. Do you agree with us?
Dangerous Dressing: This Week's Fashion Risks SEE GALLERY
So is he right? Well, sorta ... but not really. In the blurry, ultrasonographic world of masturbating fetuses, the most conclusive finding was in 1996, when two Italian doctors witnessed what they believed was a female fetus purportedly masturbating for 20 minutes and logged their discovery in a letter to The American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. That abstract isn't available online, but their finding has been cited, and previews of the study exist:
But that fetus was at 32 weeks, not 15 weeks, as Burgess cited. And at 32 weeks, fetuses are usually around 3.5 pounds. At 15 weeks, fetuses are around 4 inches long and weigh just a few ounces. Presuming the 1996 finding is the norm (and represents a big jump in itself), the research still doesn't give any credence to Burgess's already shocking don't abort fetuses because they're masturbating logic, because the fetus witnessed in 1996 was twice the age Burgess cited. Basically, the masturbating fetus argument does not help anything — and it may undermine Burgess's insistence that fetuses feel pain and pleasure at 15 weeks.
If Burgess wanted to make a point about masturbating fetuses and ban third-trimester abortions, he'd have supporters. ABC News explained in January that both pro-choice supporters (79 percent) and pro-life advocates (96 percent) strongly believe in making abortion illegal in the third trimester. And those third-trimester numbers are very tiny as it is: "In the U.S., 88 percent of abortions are done in the first 12 weeks, according to the Guttmacher Institute; fewer than 1 percent are in the third trimester." ABC News reported.
But that isn't what Burgess and conservatives want. Their restrictive, 20-week ban and attack on Roe v. Wade is expected to pass the House as early as Tuesday, the AP reports. The Democratic-led Senate, of course, is expected to completely ignore the bill, and the Obama administration last night announced a veto threat. Indeed, the only thing that seems to be in question with this bill is which member of the House GOP caucus will try to top Burgess and his masturbating fetuses now that he's topped Rep. Trent Franks, the bill's sponsor, and his "incidence of rape resulting in pregnancy" line from last week.
Here's the video of Burgess at Monday's session — we don't blame you for double-checking:
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Rick Falkvinge is the founder of the Swedish and first Pirate Party. He has been named one of the top 100 global thinkers by Foreign Policy magazine, and shortlisted as one of the world's 100 most influential people by TIME magazine.
My colleagues in the Pirate Party have nominated Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize. This makes me very proud to be a part of the Pirate Party movement, and there are great reasons why Snowden and Manning deserve the prize.
It could be easily argued that Snowden and Manning deserve the Peace Prize because they undermined the ability of the world's #1 aggressor, the United States, to project aggression and violence on other people. While that argument would be true in itself, it's rather weak and superficial. The good reasons go much deeper, and definitely don't just apply to the United States.
In the nomination, the Pirate Party MPs and MEPs list a very good rationale for why Snowden and Manning should get the prize. Manning's revelations to the world, made at great sacrifice, spurred democratic movements in many repressed countries. Snowden's revelations made it possible to have a meaningful debate about the balance between national security and individual liberty.
But I'd argue that the reasons for giving the Peace Prize to Snowden and Manning go deeper, much deeper, than the individual sacrifice coupled with the immediate and profound global results.
Courage and transparency both make wars impossible
First, courage. The ability to wage war hinges on military leaders' ability to make soldiers – often drafted, non-consenting soldiers – kill other people without having the ability to refuse, under threat of getting killed themselves. In many wars, there have been heroes who have shown courage to defy such orders. We typically celebrate them. When those heroes become many, the war effort fails as a whole – and that's why they are usually singled out for brutal, disproportional, and harsh punishment, in attempts to prevent the spread of courage and morality among the soldiers.
Both Snowden and Manning have shown exemplary and outstanding courage in defying military and paramilitary power structures for the greater good of humanity.
Second, transparency. It's evident from the past century of warfare that most, if not all, wars have been based on large, bold, straight-faced lies to the people at large from the few people in power. What Snowden and Manning did was to introduce unprecedented levels of transparency where these holders of powers became unable to lie as they have always done, and by extension, unable to beat the drums of war with lies. Moreover, Snowden and Manning introduced the threat of future exposure to anyone holding power thinking of lying like that today, significantly reducing or eliminating the risk of any future large-scale war based on lies. This is a positively huge development for humankind.
It used to be that those holding power could lie about anything without repercussions. After Snowden and Manning, that's not true anymore.
Unfortunately, the Peace Prize took a hit to its reputation from awarding President Obama the prize in 2009 – but there are many recipients who have been more than worthy. The International Campaign to Ban Landmines, Doctors Without Borders, and just last year, the Organization for Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. Awarding the prize to Snowden and Manning could go a long way toward restoring the well-deserved respect for the prize itself.
In this context, it's decent to acknowledge that giving the prize to Snowden and Manning could be seen as a political choice and a political statement. I'd dismiss that viewpoint out of hand. It's only seen as a "political choice" because the people who wage war, the people in power, disagree with the actions of Snowden and Manning and dislike their immense impact. That's not something that should be seen as a deterrent for the prize – rather the complete opposite.
After all, being seen as a "political choice" only means that you made a huge difference in the world, and that you're not very popular with the people in power who wage war. If that doesn't qualify you for a Peace Prize, then what does?
The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT.
A developer is hoping to build the largest solar field in Iowa just northeast of Fort Dodge.The Messenger reports that the Holliday Creek solar project would produce about 100 megawatts when completed. That's enough to power about 30,000 average homes.Webster County Supervisor Keith Dencklau says that EDF Renewable Energy is currently talking with local landowners about the project.The company hopes to sign a 37-year lease for 1,000- to 1,200-acres of land east of the Fort Dodge Regional Airport, south of Badger and west of Vincent.Leanne Russell Fate, a project developer for the company, says the area was targeted due to the availability of transmission capacity, community interest and suitability of the land.The company previously built a large wind turbine farm in southern Webster County.
A developer is hoping to build the largest solar field in Iowa just northeast of Fort Dodge.
The Messenger reports that the Holliday Creek solar project would produce about 100 megawatts when completed. That's enough to power about 30,000 average homes.
Webster County Supervisor Keith Dencklau says that EDF Renewable Energy is currently talking with local landowners about the project.
Advertisement
The company hopes to sign a 37-year lease for 1,000- to 1,200-acres of land east of the Fort Dodge Regional Airport, south of Badger and west of Vincent.
Leanne Russell Fate, a project developer for the company, says the area was targeted due to the availability of transmission capacity, community interest and suitability of the land.
The company previously built a large wind turbine farm in southern Webster County.
AlertMe
This article is about the shops run by black market dealers. For the purchasable items in LIMB clinics, see LIMB clinic.
In Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Adam Jensen can sell items to, and buy from certain characters; these items range from weapons and upgrades to energy bars and virus software.
Contents show]
Description Edit
Below are a list of tables with the credit values, grouped by item type. Inventory space is listed as number of cells it uses, and "@" is used to specify how large the item stack (weapons don't stack) can be. No "@" is equal to "@ 1".
Hyphen, "-", means not possible.
The column "Inv. value" is a calculated value based on inventory space usage and sell value. Higher is better, and for stackable items the value is displayed as "@1 / @maximum" stack size.
You can use this value to determine which items to keep for sale to gain maximum credits.
Dealers Edit
See a list of dealers here.
Item name Type Inv. space Buy Sell Inv. value Ammo Capacity Common 2x2 250 130 32.5 Armor-Piercing System (10mm pistol) Special 2x3 1500 750 125 Burst Round System (Shotgun) Special 2x3 1500 750 125 Cooling System (Heavy rifle + Plasma rifle) Special 2x3 1500 750 125 Damage Common 2x2 250 130 32.5 Exploding Rounds Package (Revolver) Special 2x3 1500 750 125 Heat-Targeting System (Rocket launcher) Special 2x3 1500 750 125 Laser Targeting System Common 1x2 500 250 125 Rate-Of-Fire Common 2x2 250 130 32.5 Reload Speed Common 2x2 250 130 32.5 Silencer Common 1x2 500 250 125 Target-Leading System (Crossbow + Tranquilizer rifle) Special 2x3 1500 750 125 Target-Seeking System (Combat rifle + Machine pistol) Special 2x3 1500 750 125
Note: Click on header link to see a chart of all possible weapon/mod combinations.
Consumable items Edit
Syrian ambassador to India Dr Riad Kamel Abbas said the problem between India and Pakistan has to be solved by the two countries without any external assistance.
Syria has firmly backed India's position on Kashmir saying the issue is an internal matter of the country and New Delhi has the right to solve it in any manner.
Syrian ambassador to India Dr Riad Kamel Abbas told Mail Today that the problem between India and Pakistan has to be solved by the two countries under the Shimla convention without any external assistance.
Abbas said Syria's position on the issue has been different from other countries in the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) which has taken the contrary view.
Also Read: Pakistan meddling in Kashmir with local help: Arun Jaitley to India Today
SYRIA AND INDIA FACING CROSS-BORDER TERRORISM
Upbeat about minister of state for external affairs MJ Akbar's visit to Damascus where he met Syrian president Bashar Al Assad, Abbas said the two countries can learn from each other in tackling terrorism. Both Syria and India are facing cross-border terrorism, he said.
"What is going on in Kashmir is first step of terrorism. The government of India has right to solve it in any manner," he said.
INDIA'S ASSISTANCE REQUIRED IN RE-BUILDING SYRIA
The ambassador claimed that there is enormous scope of improving economic ties between Damascus and New Delhi. Syria is looking up to India for assistance in re-building the war-ravaged country. Abbas said he will be leading a delegation of Indian business persons to Syria to explore investment opportunities.
The delegation will include representatives from petroleum, electrical, information technology and hospitals industry.
TERRORISTS DON'T BELONG TO ISLAM
Talking about the situation in Syria, the ambassasdor said his government can send jihadis seeking Jihad Al Nikah, the sexual jihad, to hell within a month if cross-border terrorism is stopped and their funding is blocked. He said that there are 3.6 lakh terrorists in Syria and the government forces were capable of eliminating them. The ambassador said the terrorists don't belong to Islam even if they chant Allah hu Akbar.
Recognising that the world's position on Syria has changed after the terrorist attacks in Europe and from removing the Assad government, most countries barring a few are now backing him.
Also Read: First talk terror, India tells Pakistan again
SYRIAN AMBASSADOR RESONATES MODI'S WORDS ON TERRORISM
Quoting Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Abbas said there is no distinction between good and bad terrorism. The world has come to realise that terrorism has no boundaries.
"Cross-border terrorism is a challenge to both (India and Syria) the countries," he said, adding that security agencies of New Delhi and Damascus were already cooperating on the issue through information-sharing.
He said Syria is keen to engage extensively with the BRICS countries and will fight for its sovereignty till its enemies are defeated.
Also read - India has a role to play in combating terror: Assad
AHTANUM || http://scottjanish.com/ahtanum-ycr-1-cv-oil-and-acid-composition/ AHTANUM Citrus, Floral, Tobacco/Earthy Floral, earthy, citrus and grapefruit tones
AMARILLO || http://scottjanish.com/amarillo-vgxp01-cv-oil-and-acid-composition/ AMARILLO Citrus, Floral, Tropical Fruit Floral, tropical, and citrus (lemon, orange and grapefruit) characteristics
BITTER GOLD || http://scottjanish.com/bitter-gold-oil-and-acid-composition/ BITTER GOLD No specific aroma characteristics
Bravo || http://scottjanish.com/bravo-oil-and-acid-composition/ Bravo Fruity, Floral Pleasant fruity and floral aroma characteristics
Brewers Gold || http://scottjanish.com/brewers-gold-oil-and-acid-composition/ Brewers Gold Fruity, Spicy Spicy, fruity characteristics, black currant
BULLION || http://scottjanish.com/bullion-oil-and-acid-composition/ BULLION Fruity Strong and zesty blackcurrant characteristics
CASCADE || http://scottjanish.com/cascade-oil-and-acid-composition/ CASCADE Fruity, Citrus, Floral Medium intense floral, citrus and grapefruit tones
Centennial || http://scottjanish.com/centennial-oil-and-acid-composition/ Centennial Citrus, Floral Medium intensity floral and citrus (lemon) tones
CHELAN || http://scottjanish.com/chelan-oil-and-acid-composition/ CHELAN Citrus, Floral Mild floral and citrus characteristics
CHINOOK || http://scottjanish.com/chinook-oil-and-acid-composition/ CHINOOK Citrus, Spicy, Pine Distinct, medium intensity spice and pine characteristics with subtle notes of grapefruit
CITRA || http://scottjanish.com/citra-hbc-394-cv-oil-and-acid-composition/ CITRA Fruity, Citrus, Tropical Fruit Strong citrus and tropical tones of grapefruit, melon, lime, gooseberry, passion fruit and lychee
Cluster || http://scottjanish.com/cluster-oil-and-acid-composition/ Cluster Floral, Spicy Strong floral and spicy characteristics
Columbus || http://scottjanish.com/columbus-oil-and-acid-composition/ Columbus Citrus, Spicy Pungent, black pepper, licorice characteristics with subtle citrus overtones
CRYSTAL || http://scottjanish.com/crystal-oil-and-acid-composition/ CRYSTAL Spicy Mild, spicy and floral
EQUINOX || http://scottjanish.com/equinox-hbc-366-cv-oil-and-acid-composition/ EQUINOX Citrus, Herbal, Tropical Fruit A pronounced aroma profile with citrus, tropical fruit, floral and herbal characteristics. Specific descriptors include lemon, lime, papaya, apple, and green pepper.
Fuggle || http://scottjanish.com/fuggle-oil-and-acid-composition/ Fuggle Fruity, Tobacco/Earthy Mild wood and fruit characteristics
Galena || http://scottjanish.com/galena-oil-and-acid-composition/ Galena Citrus, Stone Fruit, Spicy Spicy, blackcurrant and citrus (grapefruit) tones
Glacier || http://scottjanish.com/glacier-oil-and-acid-composition/ Glacier Herbal Pleasant hop aroma
Golding || http://scottjanish.com/golding-oil-and-acid-composition/ Golding Floral, Spicy Mild and delicate with sweet floral characteristics
GR Brewers Gold || http://scottjanish.com/gr-brewers-gold-oil-and-acid-composition/ GR Brewers Gold Fruity, Spicy Black currant, fruit and spice characteristics
GR HALLERTAU || http://scottjanish.com/gr-hallertau-oil-and-acid-composition/ GR HALLERTAU Mild, yet spicy, with floral and citrus tones
GR Herkules || http://scottjanish.com/gr-herkules-oil-and-acid-composition/ GR Herkules Floral Spicy, floral and hop notes with hints of pine, black pepper and melon
GR Northern Brewer || http://scottjanish.com/gr-northern-brewer-oil-and-acid-composition/ GR Northern Brewer Floral, Herbal Medium intense herbal and floral tones
GR PERLE || http://scottjanish.com/gr-perle-oil-and-acid-composition/ GR PERLE Fruity, Floral, Spicy Delicate floral, fruit, spice and mint tones
GR Tettnang || http://scottjanish.com/gr-tettnang-oil-and-acid-composition/ GR Tettnang Floral, Tobacco/Earthy, Herbal Mild and pleasant with balanced earthy, herbal and floral aroma impressions
Hallertau || http://scottjanish.com/hallertau-oil-and-acid-composition/ Hallertau Floral, Spicy, Herbal Mild and pleasant, yet spicy, with herbal and floral characteristics
HORIZON || http://scottjanish.com/horizon-oil-and-acid-composition/ HORIZON Floral, Spicy Pleasant and spicy, with floral characteristics
Liberty || http://scottjanish.com/liberty-oil-and-acid-composition/ Liberty Citrus, Spicy Mild and spicy with subtle lemon and citrus characteristics
Magnum || http://scottjanish.com/magnum-oil-and-acid-composition/ Magnum No distinct aroma characteristics
MILLENNIUM || http://scottjanish.com/millennium-oil-and-acid-composition/ MILLENNIUM Floral, Tobacco/Earthy, Herbal Mild and resinous with floral and herbal tones
MOSAIC || http://scottjanish.com/mosaic-hbc-369-cv-oil-and-acid-composition/ MOSAIC Citrus, Floral, Grassy A complex array of tropical fruit, citrus, berry, herbal, earthy and pine characteristics
MT. HOOD || http://scottjanish.com/mt-hood-oil-and-acid-composition/ MT. HOOD Spicy, Tobacco/Earthy, Herbal Mild, herbal and somewhat pungent or spicy
Mt. Rainier || http://scottjanish.com/mt-rainier-oil-and-acid-composition/ Mt. Rainier Citrus, Floral, Spicy Floral and noble aromas, with citrus and licorice overtones
Newport || http://scottjanish.com/newport-oil-and-acid-composition/ Newport Mild
Northern Brewer || http://scottjanish.com/northern-brewer-oil-and-acid-composition/ Northern Brewer Tobacco/Earthy, Pine Medium intensity, pine and mint characteristics
Nugget || http://scottjanish.com/nugget-oil-and-acid-composition/ Nugget Spicy, Herbal Mild and pleasant with spicy, herbal tones
PALISADE || http://scottjanish.com/palisade-ycr-4-cv-oil-and-acid-composition/ PALISADE Stone Fruit, Herbal, Grassy Apricot, grass and clean floral charcteristics
PERLE || http://scottjanish.com/perle-oil-and-acid-composition/ PERLE Floral, Spicy, Herbal Slightly spicy with herbal and floral characteristics
Saaz || http://scottjanish.com/saaz-oil-and-acid-composition/ Saaz Spicy, Tobacco/Earthy Mild spice and earth tones
Santiam || http://scottjanish.com/santiam-oil-and-acid-composition/ Santiam Floral, Spicy, Herbal Slightly spicy with herbal and floral characteristics
SIMCOE || http://scottjanish.com/simcoe-ycr-14-cv-oil-and-acid-composition/ SIMCOE Citrus, Tobacco/Earthy, Pine Unique passionfruit, pine, earth and citrus characteristics
SORACHI ACE || http://scottjanish.com/sorachi-ace-oil-and-acid-composition/ SORACHI ACE Citrus, Herbal, Grassy Unique lemon and dill characteristics
ST AURORA || http://scottjanish.com/st-aurora-oil-and-acid-composition/ ST AURORA Floral, Pine Intense and pleasant displaying floral, pine and hoppy characteristics
ST Celeia || http://scottjanish.com/st-celeia-oil-and-acid-composition/ ST Celeia Floral Pleasant and hoppy, similar to traditional European varieties
STERLING || http://scottjanish.com/sterling-oil-and-acid-composition/ STERLING Citrus, Spicy Herbal and spicy, with a hint of floral, citrus (lemon/pineapple) characteristics
Summit || http://scottjanish.com/summit-oil-and-acid-composition/ Summit Citrus, Spicy, Tobacco/Earthy Distinct spice, earthy, onion, garlic and citrus (pink grapefruit, orange and tangerine) tones
TAHOMA || http://scottjanish.com/tahoma-oil-and-acid-composition/ TAHOMA Citrus, Cedar, Pine Predominate citrus and lemon notes with cedar, pine, floral, pepper and subtle green melon notes.
TETTNANG || http://scottjanish.com/tettnang-oil-and-acid-composition/ TETTNANG Spicy Noble aroma that is pleasant and spicy
TRIPLEPEARL || http://scottjanish.com/triplepearl-oil-and-acid-composition/ TRIPLEPEARL Pleasant and balanced with notes of melon, orange citrus, resin, spice and pepper
UK ADMIRAL || http://scottjanish.com/uk-admiral-oil-and-acid-composition/ UK ADMIRAL Citrus, Tobacco/Earthy, Herbal Pleasant, resinous hop aroma with hints of citrus (orange) and herbal flavors
UK EAST KENT GOLDING || http://scottjanish.com/uk-east-kent-golding-oil-and-acid-composition/ UK EAST KENT GOLDING Floral, Spicy, Tobacco/Earthy Smooth and delicate with floral, lavender, spice, honey, earth, lemon and thyme overtones
UK WGV || http://scottjanish.com/uk-wgv-oil-and-acid-composition/ UK WGV Floral, Tobacco/Earthy, Herbal Fresh earthy, botanical and floral flavors
Ultra || http://scottjanish.com/ultra-oil-and-acid-composition/ Ultra Floral, Spicy Mild and pleasant with spicy, floral tones
VANGUARD || http://scottjanish.com/vanguard-oil-and-acid-composition/ VANGUARD Floral, Herbal Herbal and floral tones
WARRIOR || http://scottjanish.com/warrior-ycr-5-cv-oil-and-acid-composition/ WARRIOR Citrus, Herbal, Pine Mild and resinous with subtle citrus, pine and herbal characteristics
Willamette || http://scottjanish.com/willamette-oil-and-acid-composition/ Willamette Floral, Spicy Mild and pleasant, with slightly spicy and floral tones
