This time, it's Georgia Congressman Paul Broun:
Rep. Paul Broun (R-Ga.) said Thursday that he does not know if President Barack Obama is either a citizen or a Christian.
Broun made the claim during an interview with Sirius XM host Pete Dominick, which was first flagged by the liberal blog Think Progress.
Asked if he thought the president is an “American citizen and a Christian,” Broun first responded, “I'm not going to get involved in that.”
But pressed on whether he thought Obama is a citizen, he said “I don't know.”
“Is he a Christian?” Dominick then asked.
“I don't know that,” Broun responded, explaining that “I'm a Christian but only me and the Lord know that for sure.”
The Georgia congressman spent much of the rest of the interview attacking Obama as a “socialist.
LetaBot Profile Blog Joined June 2014 Netherlands 531 Posts #1 SSCAI man vs machine practice tournament
Saturday 10 December 12:30 CET ICCUP channel: BWAPI
Hello everyone,
With the SSCAI tournament coming up, I am organizing another man vs machine tournament. This time the format will be only man vs machine, so no more bot vs bot or man vs man.
The tournament style is going to be kinda like an all-kill team format, with only 2 teams: human players and bots. The order in which bots play is based on their ranking on the SSCAI ladder. The order in which humans play is based on their maximum rank.
On the date of the tournament, the lowest ranked player that signed up and is in the ICCUP channel BWAPI channel will be the first to play against the bots. In the case of two players having the same lowest max rank, I will look in the ICCUP rank history to judge which player gets to play first.
The other players can observe the game if they want, but only if it won't cause problems for the bot or its opponent.
If the human player wins, he plays against the next bot on the list. If a bot wins, then the next human player will be selected with the same process as above (but the human player that played vs the bot is eliminated).
This process continues until either all bots or human players are eliminated.
Signing up as a human player:
The tournament is open to all ranks, but only suggested for D and C ranks. You can switch races between games (you can even pick random) so you only have to post in this thread with the following information:
ICCUP account:
Maximum ICCUP rank:
Signing up a bot:
Post the name of your bot here or pm it to me (or send me a message on the BWAPI irc channel).
On the date of the tournament I will take the version of your bot that is uploaded to SSCAI at that time.
Map pool:
All games will be played on the Fighting Spirit map.
Prizes:
10 euro for the human player that defeats the most bots during this tournament.
10 euro for the human player that defeats the last bot. Or 10 euro for the bot developer of the last bot if all registered human players get eliminated.
Prizes will be transferred through paypal.
Livestream/casting
Streaming your game is allowed.
Replays will be uploaded and a link will be posted here in this thread.
Other information:
- BWAPI bots should have the "complete map information" flag set to disabled (by default it is). If you cannot win with 100 apm, win with 100 cpm.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
That headline is not hyperbole. It is sadly — and horrifyingly — true.
Now, it's not Donald Trump. We've had less skilled politicians as chief executive, and we just lived through eight years with a guy whose only real job outside of sucking off the government teat was “community organizer,” whatever that is. No, a billionaire reality star is not the horror.
And it's not the coming automation boom, which will put millions of people out of work and further consolidate wealth in the hands of the richest. It's not even the looming stock market crash that will occur when the bubble bursts (the thing about bubbles is they always burst, sooner or later).
No, the terror is from within. The horror comes from our own government, and especially the intelligence community, where officials seem to have gone rogue and where anything — and everything — is now in play.
The frightening reality is that a president laid seeds to destroy his successor — who, as it turns out, he targeted with the secret spy organizations at his beck and call. During the last days of his term, Barack Obama set out to sabotage Mr. Trump by spreading intelligence information throughout the federal government, as well as to foreign governments. In a governmentwide effort, Mr. Obama and his cronies “scrambled to spread” damaging information about Mr. Trump and his associates meeting with the Russians, The New York Times reported.
“As Inauguration Day approached, Obama White House officials grew convinced that the intelligence was damning and that they needed to ensure that as many people as possible inside government could see it, even if people without security clearances could not,” The Times wrote.
Intelligence agencies bent the rules to allow “the upload of as much intelligence as possible to Intellipedia, a secret wiki used by American analysts to share information.”
The reports are alarming. The chief executive of the U.S. government used spies and spooks to spread what amounts to rumors about the incoming president, with the sole purpose of forcing a drawn-out probe led by the political enemies of the duly elected president.
The story gets more disturbing. Mr. Trump this week charged that Mr. Obama led an effort to tap his phones at Trump Tower, his home. In October 2016 Team Obama filed a request with the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to surveil a computer server in Trump Tower and phone lines into and out of the building. Former Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch signed off on the requests, according to reports.
That's Watergate-level stuff, people. You have the president of the United States ordering the tapping of a candidate to succeed him under the guise of Russian influence (none, by the way, was found). Then, FBI Director James B. Comey, who should steer clear of all politics, jumped in, demanding the Justice Department deny the charges. Simply unheard of.
But, again, wait. It all gets worse. Much worse — and much more menacing.
WikiLeaks on Tuesday dumped nearly 8,000 documents gathered from hackers who broke into the Central Intelligence Agency, the largest trove of files ever stolen. And what they contain is truly fearsome.
Some were straight out of a spy thriller: A CIA program named “Weeping Angel” gave agency hackers access to Samsung Smart TVs, allowing the microphones to be remotely switched on while keeping the appearance that the TV itself was turned off. But it was far more widespread.
“The documents also showed extensive hacking of smartphones, including Apple's iPhones; a large library of allegedly serious computer attacks that were not reported to tech companies like Apple, Google, and Microsoft; malware from hacker groups and other nation-states, including, Wikileaks said, Russia, that could be used to hide the agency's involvement in cyberattacks; and the growth of a substantial hacking division within the CIA, known as the Center for Cyber Intelligence, bringing the agency further into the sort of cyberwarfare traditionally practiced by its rival the National Security Agency,” the Intercept wrote.
More scary still: WikiLeaks said the CIA used geolocation software in phones to tap into vehicle control systems in modern cars and planned to hack vehicles to carry out “nearly undetectable assassinations.” The agency could do the same with planes.
There are dozens more hair-raising tales in the WikiLeaks documents, which you can (and should) read. And WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange notes that this is just a small percentage of the documents soon to come, labeling this release “Year Zero.” Wonder what Year 13 will bring.
The activities of Mr. Obama, his minions in the Justice Department and the intelligence agencies he controlled are all beyond terrifying. If all reports are true, there's no telling how many laws have been broken, how many crimes have been committed.
But let's hope that Mr. Trump sticks to his word and vows to find out. There's only one way to drain the swamp — empty it out. But remember, when you try to do that, the snakes hiding there are going to try to kill you. Now it's kill or be killed.
• Joseph Curl has covered politics for 25 years, including 12 years as White House correspondent at The Washington Times. He also ran the Drudge Report as morning editor for four years. He can be reached at [email protected] and on Twitter via @josephcurl.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
William Shatner is shown in a scene from a Priceline.com commercial. (AP/Priceline.com)
Beginning Monday, the travel deal company will air a commercial that sees the fiery demise of Shatner's Negotiator character, the Associated Press reports.
“I'm in grief mode,” the actor, who has been with Priceline for 14 years, told the AP.
In the 30-second spot, seen below, the Negotiator saves vacationing passengers on a bus that (for some reason) is teetering off a bridge. “Save yourself — some money,” Shatner says before he and the bus meet a violent end.
The Negotiator's death signifies the company's move in a new direction — from name-your-price to set discounts — and an bus crash seemed like a way to draw attention to that, Priceline CEO Chris Soder told the AP.
Don't feel too bad for Shatner. His one-man Broadway show, “Shatner's World: We Just Live In It,” debuts next month.
Watch the new commercial, and some old ones, below.
Fake news. You know it when you see it, right? You'd never fall for it and you'd certainly never share it. We'll talk with a UW researcher who found most of us get tricked by fake news stories even if we don't realize it. But that's not the really scary part — it's where those stories come from.
Also, the video of a man getting dragged off a United Express flight has led to calls for a United boycott and prompted a defense of the United staff from the airline. We'll talk about what you're really entitled to when you buy an airline ticket. Spoiler alert: not much.
And we'll talk about the places in Seattle that have disappeared and why those places might best be considered ghosts.
Listen to the full show above or check out a list of our stories.
Over the course of many years researchers have sought out to find exactly where Alaska's Chinook salmon are hatched. The process is known, the migratory patterns are mapped, yet for any given fish caught in the wide open ocean, the story of its origins are often shrouded in mystery-but now that has changed. With a simple chemical marker, accumulating in the inner ear bone of the salmon known as an "otolith", researchers now believe that they can trace the origins of any Chinook salmon back to the exact waters from which they came before they emerged in Alaska's Bristol Bay.
Similar to trees whose rings can tell a story of the flora throughout its many years, the "otolith" tracks the life of the salmon in the form of growth rings that progress throughout the course of its open-water adventures. So with that record in mind, researchers from the University of Washington and the University of Alaska revealed in a new study published this week in the journal Science Advances that they can find the origins of each fish by matching trace chemicals to chemical signatures unique to each river in the region. Looking to the element strontium for their answers, researchers with the University of Washington compiled the strontium chemical makeup within the bedrock and the waters of Bristol Bay to determine the unique "chemical signature" unique to each location. And with this chemical map in hand, they believe that the robust tags within the otolith will reveal a sort of growing history of the fish's endeavors.
"Each fish has this little recorder, and we can reveal the whole life history of the fish from the perspective of the otolith" lead researcher of the study, Sean Brennan says. "Each growth ring is a direct reflection of the environment the fish was swimming in at the time it was formed."
"This particular element and its isotopes are very strongly related to geography" coauthor, Matthew Wooller says. "It is a really good marker for where animals have been and whether they move around in their environment."
"Alaska is a mosaic of geologic heterogeneity. As long as you can look at a geologic map and see rocks that are really different, that's a good potential area."
But aside from simply being novel, the process of finding the salmons' spawning grounds will also help researchers determine just which fish are the fittest, and which populations are thriving within the species. Roughly 200,000 Chinook salmon migrate each summer to spawn in Alaska's upper tributaries and river streams, creating a new generation of fish to population the Pacific Ocean and the Bering Sea. But with recent declines in the salmons' populations in the past decade, this new tool can help researchers with the U.S. Geological Survey and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service find out just how specific groups of fish are faring, and just how conservation efforts in some regions may seriously impact the Chinook salmons for generations to come.
"This is science responding to a societal issue and need" coauthor with the U.S. Geological Survey, Christian Zimmerman says. "Using this approach, we will be able to map salmon productivity and determine how freshwater habitats influence the ultimate number of salmon."
"With declines in Chinook salmon in Western Alaska, fishery and land-use managers need better information about freshwater habitats to guide conservation."
IAF fighter jets have recently concluded a lengthy exercise in Sardinia, Italy, Ynet learned on Wednesday. The maneuvers included several scenarios, including long-distance missions and midair fueling.
Earlier, the IDF successfully completed a ballistic missile test. The Defense Ministry confirmed that "a prescheduled test of a rocket propulsion system was conducted out of the Palmachim Airbase," but offered no further details.
Previous similar missile tests included Hetz ("Arrow") missile tests. The Hetz aims to intercept mid-to-long range missiles, like the kind used by Hezbollah.
Foreign media reports suggested that Israel might have tested its surface-to-surface Jericho missiles. The report was neither confirmed nor denied by the Defense Ministry.
News of the Air Force's drill follow a robust debate over the possibility of an Israeli attack against Iran's nuclear facilities – a more the Islamic Republic has warned will be met with a harsh response.
'Drill a biennial routine'
"We have to train away from our home-base and this drill was an excellent platform," Lt.-Col. L., who commands the IAF squadron heading the Sardinia maneuvers, told Ynet. "We trained for distant-strikes, long-range missions and every possible scenario."
The deployment, he said, went very well: "Training with the Italian forces and NATO forces was very beneficial."
The week-long deployment saw the squadron drill long-distance missions – which it cannot do in Israel due to the small scope of its airspace.
IAF squadron in Italy (Photo: IDF Spokesperson's Unit)
The Israeli and Italian air forces were joined by the Dutch Air Force for aerial maneuvers which included 17 Israeli fighter jets, three "Oryx" refueling tankers and a radar plane. The destination enabled the jets to drill a 2,400-kilometer flight, including midair refueling.
The maneuvers included various combat formations with NATO jets. NATO lent its famed Eurofighter Typhoon jet – considered one of the best multi-combat fighter jets in the world – to the exercise.
Ynet learned that maneuvers of this nature are held by the IAF every two years. The IAF began preparing for the Sardinia exercise in March.
"The pilots flew in unfamiliar skies, which allowed them to deal with things they don't normally encounter," Lt.-Col. L. said. "If we want to be prepared for war we have to train in unfamiliar terrain."
Ynet also learned Wednesday that the Home front Command announced that it will hold a drill simulating a rocket attack and multiple-casualty event in central Israel on Thursday.
The drill was scheduled in September and aims to test Home front Command proficiency.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook
IRPA Awards
All Blacks dominate players' World XV
ESPN Staff
The All Blacks lifted silverware everywhere they played in 2013 © Getty Images Enlarge
IRPA Award Winners Player of the Year: Kieran Read (NZ)
Kieran Read (NZ)
Newcomer of the Year: Israel Folau (Australia)
Israel Folau (Australia)
Team of the Year: New Zealand
New Zealand
World XV: Leigh Halfpenny (Wales); Ben Smith (NZ), Conrad Smith (NZ), Wesley Fofana (France), George North (Wales); Aaron Cruden (NZ), Aaron Smith (NZ); Kieran Read (NZ), Sam Warburton (Wales), Liam Messam (NZ); Sam Whitelock (NZ), Eben Etzebeth (South Africa); Adam Jones (Wales), Bismarck de Plessis (South Africa), Alex Corbisiero (England)
Leigh Halfpenny (Wales); Ben Smith (NZ), Conrad Smith (NZ), Wesley Fofana (France), George North (Wales); Aaron Cruden (NZ), Aaron Smith (NZ); Kieran Read (NZ), Sam Warburton (Wales), Liam Messam (NZ); Sam Whitelock (NZ), Eben Etzebeth (South Africa); Adam Jones (Wales), Bismarck de Plessis (South Africa), Alex Corbisiero (England)
ESPNscrum's Test Team of the Year
Seven All Blacks have been named by their peers in the inaugural International Rugby Players Association (IRPA) World XV for 2013.
New Zealand No.8 Kieran Read was named Player of the Year, adding to the equivalent International Rugby Board honour bestowed on him this week, while Wallabies fullback Israel Folau was named Newcomer of the Year.
"There's no greater honour than to be recognised by the people you play against," Read said. "Rugby's a tough game. On the field there's no quarter given or expected. So for your opponents to single you out for this sort of attention means an awful lot."
Ben Smith, Conrad Smith, Aaron Cruden, Aaron Smith, Liam Messam and Sam Whitelock were the other All Blacks players included in the team.
Four players from Six Nations champions Wales were selected, along with two South Africans and one player each from France and England.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
At some point very soon, supporters of Bernie Sanders have a decision to make. Do they want four more years of Republican majorities, or do they want to be part of implementing policies aimed at helping the poor and working poor? In this political climate, it's a binary choice. Either supporters of Sanders help to elect Democrats who can beat Donald Trump or they contribute to his reelection. Period.
All the talk about a living wage, single-payer health care, and social justice means nothing if Republicans are reelected in 2018 and 2020. All the talk about building an economy that works for all Americans means nothing if "Bernie bros" attack every Democrat who isn't Sanders. He isn't even a registered Democrat. I would love to hear Sanders's opinion on how the Democratic Party can rebound and rebuild, but it has to be preceded by him actually joining the party, not merely using it as a vessel for his run for president. Democrats are your allies, not your punching bag or your Uber.
It's time for the fantasy to end. Sanders wouldn't have beaten Trump. He couldn't even beat Hillary Clinton. Pretending otherwise is completely illogical and only serves to reopen old wounds that ensure more Republican victories. If supporters of Sanders want an ally on health care, they certainly won't find it in Republicans. It hurts the very people that both Democrats and Sanders supporters are attempting to help his supporters denigrate up and coming Democrats as "corporatists" who are "owned by Wall Street."
I'd love if campaigns didn't have to look for corporate donations, but it's the political reality we live in, not the one we want. Maybe if we had more Democrats in office we could get rid of Citizens United and actually pass campaign finance reform. Then we could get money out of politics and get Congress back to work. You know who I can guarantee won't help you get those things done? Republicans. We don't live in a fantasy land where everyone gets everything that they want. Compromise is a necessity. I wish that with the snap of my fingers we had universal health care and free college, but that's not how our system works. That's not how the framers intended our system to work. The framers intentionally designed our government in a way that makes change incremental.
Attacks from Sanders and his supporters on Democrats aren't helping to rebuild the party, nor are they helping to build a strong economic message. Attacks from Sanders and his supports are an unnecessary Kamikaze mission that will undoubtedly lead to more Republican victories. If Sanders and his supporters want criminal justice reform and financial reform to pass, then maybe they shouldn't burn down the house of the only ally that they have. I'm sure Cory Booker or Kamala Harris would gladly sign onto legislation that repairs our failing penal system or repatriates American funds overseas. They've already joined Sanders's health care bill. I'm not so sure that the same can be said for Ted Cruz or Luther Strange, but feel free to give it a try.
The sole focus of the Sanders wing and the Democratic Party should be to beat Trump in 2020. Trump is the natural evolution of a party that has lost its moral compass. He's the natural evolution of a country quickly losing its grip on reality. He's unfit for the office of the presidency. He's the single most important reason for Sanders and his supporters to put aside their hostility and work hand and hand with the Democratic Party.
Now is not the time to relitigate the primary battle between Clinton and Sanders. Now is not the time to enact arbitrary litmus tests that will create even more chaos within the party. Now is the time to come together and link arms. Now is the time to take attendance and recognize who is with you and who is against you. Now is the time to rebuild our country and ensure it works for every single American. Taking an all or nothing approach to political issues isn't just unhelpful, it poisons the process and prevents meaningful conversation. It mirrors the childish and destructive antics of the Tea Party, not the behavior of well-informed adults.
We have to figure out a way to work together moving forward. The country may literally depend on it. This can't be a battle between the establishment and Sanders because that's exactly what Trump wants. This has to be a battle between right and wrong, a choice between democracy and authoritarianism. Only one side is hell-bent on protecting our democracy and the other isn't. So now Sanders and his supporters must choose a side. Straddling the line won't suffice. Will they work with Democrats to help take back our country or will they stand on the outside and throw stones? I know what Trump hopes that they do.
We are in the midst of a battle for the soul of our nation. We owe to those Americans who sacrificed their blood, their sweat, and in many cases, their lives to perfect this union. We owe it to the next generation of Americans to ensure that this country reflects the ideals that our flag represents. At the end of the day, our flag is just fabric woven together. What that fabric stands for matters. The flag stands for freedom. The flag stands for liberty. The flag stands for justice. Not justice for some, but justice for all. Until honor and integrity are brought back to our nation, our work won't be finished. Petty political squabbles must be set aside, and in the words of Trump, "We have to put America first."
Michael Starr Hopkins is an attorney and former member of the presidential campaigns of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. He regularly appears on Fox News and CNN to talk about national politics. You can follow him on Twitter @TheOnlyHonest.
Imagine one day you voice concerns with your boss about a faulty fire door or not receiving the right amount of pay. You are quickly shown the exit and can never again find work in your chosen industry.
This is exactly what happened to thousands of workers across Britain's construction industry, when a "blacklist" of workers was circulated to prevent them ever working again.
Blacklisting is shameful. It causes misery for those on the blacklist and their families. And it deters other workers in a dangerous industry from raising real risks, for fear of lifelong branding as a troublemaker.
The practice was exposed in 2009. The offices of the notorious Consulting Association were raided, revealing a list of more than 3,000 names.
What made this issue toxic for successive governments was the revelation that more than half of the country's leading construction firms were paying an annual subscription of £3,000 to get access to this list.
Listen to ministers of any government, and the rationale for rights at work is normally the need to bear down on a few rogue employers letting the side down. Yet here the majority of a sector crucial to the economy was caught red-handed doing something we usually associate with the security apparatus of oppressive dictatorships.
This is why workers hit hard by blacklisting are still fighting for justice. The latest project to face allegations of blacklisting is Crossrail over claims that workers have been sacked for raising health and safety concerns about the development.
The Scottish affairs select committee's recent report found "compelling evidence" that blacklisting is still taking place on major construction projects in the UK. Its chairman has called on the business secretary, Vince Cable, to mount a "full and thorough" investigation, following what he said was "clear proof" the practice is continuing.
Cable has referred the matter to the information commissioner, but this is not enough. The government is finding time to rush through a lobbying transparency bill that does precious little to regulate lobbying, but ties up trade unions in unnecessary red tape. It should bring the same determination to putting right a real injustice.
While it is good to hear Cable condemn the practice of blacklisting, he is part of a government that is making it harder for employees to speak out against injustice. Last year employees were made to wait an extra year for protection against unfair dismissal. This means any employee with less than two years of service can be sacked just for looking at their boss the wrong way.
And this week has seen employment tribunal fees brought into law which means that even if an employee has unfair dismissal protection it will now cost them as much as £1,200 to take a case to a hearing. Blacklisting and other bad treatment – whether by rogue backstreet employers or household names – is getting easier, not harder.
CLOSE A rare tintype photo of Billy the Kid may have been found. If the photo is authentic, it could be worth millions of dollars. Ryan Dailey/Democrat
This photo provided by Frank Abrams shows what historians believe is a photo of outlaw Billy the Kid, second from left, and Pat Garrett, far right, taken in 1880. Frank Abrams, who bought the photo at a flea market says experts in forensics and facial recognition have verified the picture after several months of examination. (Photo11: Courtesy of Frank Abrams via AP)
A flea market find could be one of the most historic photos of Wild West outlaw Billy the Kid, because of who is pictured with him.
The photo, purchased for $10 in North Carolina, shows what historians believe is Billy the Kid and Patrick Garrett. Garrett later became sheriff of Lincoln County, New Mexico, and shot Kid in 1881.
North Carolina attorney Frank Abrams first came across the tintype photo in Asheville in 2011. Abrams bought the photo and hung it on his wall for several years until a 2015 TV program made him question if Garrett was in his photo.
More: $700k sale for Prince's guitar is a record, says auction house
More: Albert Einstein's handwritten theory about happiness just sold for $1.56M
After consulting with Robert Stahl, a retired professor emeritus at Arizona State University and Billy the Kid history buff, and various forensic experts, he's convinced he has two famous faces from the Old West in his photo.
"If I had known it was one of the most famous photos in history, I would have charged more for the room," Abrams told the BBC.
A Los Angeles forensic video expert said facial recognition software showed the men are most likely Garrett and Billy the Kid and a handwriting expert in Texas said a signature on the photo matched other documents by Garrett.
The photo, the only known image of Kid and Garrett together, is likely worth millions. A tintype photo of the Kid discovered in 2015 had an estimated worth of $5 million.
"One day it may end up at an auction house somewhere. We'll see what happens," Abrams told the AP. "Right now, that is not the first thing on my mind. I've always been somebody who's interested in history and background."
Follow Ashley May on Twitter: @AshleyMayTweets
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2iJsvlI
Passing Damascus Gate in East Jerusalem on his walk home from Friday prayers on December 8, Noor decided to keep his distance from the protest. The 25-year-old recent medical school graduate saw about 100 people gathered at the gate, a historic entrance to old Jerusalem, holding banners and Palestinian flags, chanting in defiance of U.S. President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. There weren't as many people as Noor had expected. But there was no time for the protest to grow, he said. Israeli forces arrived and took down the banners, shoved people to disperse, arrested a few people, and then left.
Rula, 48, a veteran activist from East Jerusalem, was in that crowd, which was mostly made up of women. Her organizing committee had spread the word about the protest on WhatsApp, advising people to wear comfortable shoes to run from security forces and dark colors so as not to be singled out from the crowd, and to rally only behind the Palestinian flag, rather than banners of the different Palestinian factions.
Rula noticed the hundreds of Israeli security forces who were surrounding the crowd becoming nervous about the growing gathering. She saw two police officers on horses chase away a small group of young women who were trying to join the protest. The horses got so close, one of the women fell to the ground and the horses almost ran her over, Rula said, but her two friends managed to pick her up immediately.
Speaking to The Intercept from Jerusalem about last week's demonstrations, neither Noor nor Rula wanted their last names made public — such is the fear of Israeli crackdowns on protesters.
After Trump's Jerusalem announcement, U.S. mainstream media outlets in particular focused on forecasts of violent reactions from Palestinians, portraying them as angry and aggressive people, while providing no context on how Trump's move has validated Israel's repressive rule of Palestinians.
Those dire media warnings also failed to mention that Palestinian protest is often met with deadly violence from Israeli state forces – and this time was no exception.
Palestinians responded to the announcement by declaring a general strike, which was observed by many businesses and schools. Shops were shuttered, and the area around the usually bustling Damascus Gate fell quiet. The lights on the Christmas trees in Bethlehem and Ramallah were switched off in a sign of mourning, and both nationalist and Islamist Palestinian leaders called for days of rage. Thousands of Palestinians took to the streets across East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza, as did hundreds of Palestinians citizens of Israel, residents of the Wadi Ara region in the north.
Israeli forces mobilized a crackdown on the sporadic, spontaneous protests, suppressing them using skunk water, teargas, live rounds, and rubber bullets. In Gaza, Israel also launched airstrikes. At least eight Palestinians have been killed, hundreds injured, and dozens of people detained.
One of the Palestinian casualties is Ibrahim Abu Thuraya, 29, a double amputee who lost his legs in an Israeli airstrike in 2008. A former fisherman, Thuraya, who used a wheelchair, was shot in the head by Israeli soldiers while protesting Trump's Jerusalem decision near the Gaza Strip border on Friday.
Israel's Defense Minister, Avigdor Lieberman, told Army Radio that Arab citizens in Wadi Ara who protested Trump's decision should be boycotted. In another radio interview, Education Minister Naftali Bennett said that even though Israel knew there would be some “friction, I recommend to Israeli Arabs, and to those Arabs who are rioting, not to test our patience.”
There were violent retaliations from Palestinians as well. Hamas launched several rockets at Israel, with one landing in the courtyard of a vacant kindergarten in southern Israel. Last week, a security guard was stabbed and critically wounded at the entrance to Jerusalem's central bus station. Shortly before the attack, the assailant wrote on Facebook, “Our blood is cheap for you, our nation, our Jerusalem, our Aqsa” – referring to the sacred mosque in Jerusalem's center.
Palestinians hold a poster depicting U.S. President Donald Trump as they protest outside the Damascus Gate of the Old City of Jerusalem after Friday prayers on Dec. 8, 2017. Photo: Chris McGrath/Getty Images
By recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital, Trump has ratcheted up tensions in the city, said Betty Herschman, director of international relations and advocacy for Ir Amim, a nonprofit focused on Jerusalem within the context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
“It is sort of assumed that Palestinians have no other way of reacting than violently,” Herschman told The Intercept. But people should also “just assume that Israel will be further emboldened to take its own unilateral steps to intensify the occupation of East Jerusalem and its people, as well as steps to transfer them from the city,” she said.
“Israel will be further emboldened to take its own unilateral steps to intensify the occupation of East Jerusalem and its people.”
Jerusalem is a divided city. The western part houses the Israeli parliament and local government buildings, and the eastern part, which was under Jordanian rule until Israel annexed it after the 1967 war, is home to the Old City, as well as some of the most sacred Christian, Jewish, and Muslim sites.
Palestinians make up about 37 percent of Jerusalem's population, but are only allocated about 8 to 10 percent of the municipal budget, which leads to significant socioeconomic disparities between the east and the west. They are tentative residents of the city and have never been given collective citizenship status. Since the 1967 annexation, there have been over 14,000 revocations of residency, essentially a way of kicking Palestinians out of Jerusalem.
Palestinian residents are entitled to some benefits, but they can only vote in municipal, not national, elections. The separation barrier, built in the early 2000s, further widened inequality between the city's Jewish and Arab populations, and cut off some Arab East Jerusalem neighborhoods from others. It has had a deteriorating effect on commerce and prevents Palestinians from accessing religious sites, and health care and educational facilities.
At the same time as it has restricted the movement of Palestinians, Israel has expanded aggressively in East Jerusalem – building 11 major settlements since 1967, which has brought in more than 200,000 Israelis, according to Ir Amim.
Earlier this year, the Jerusalem planning and building committee approved the construction of 566 more residential settlement units and passed a contentious law that would allow Israel to retroactively legalize settlements on private Palestinian lands. Even Israel's attorney general said the bill violated international law.
The Israeli government is not only grabbing more land, but also demolishing Palestinian homes at an accelerating rate. From 2004 to the end of September 2017, Israeli authorities demolished 730 units in East Jerusalem. In 2016, the rate of demolitions tripled to 203 total demolitions, out of which 123 units were residential. Palestinian residents might get isolated building permits but have not had a single new neighborhood approved.
Settler groups, in cooperation with the government, have mobilized to “Judaize” East Jerusalem by evicting Palestinians and moving Jewish families into their homes. Israel's Nature and Parks Authority contracts the management of tourist sites to radical settler groups, who perpetuate an exclusive Jewish nationalist narrative to millions of visitors every year, according to Herschman.
Herschman believes that Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital will worsen these tendencies and allow Israeli authorities to push through legislation that would redraw the boundaries of the city. If these bills were to pass, they would exclude a third of Jerusalem's Palestinian population.
Noor told The Intercept that much of the anger is directed at the Palestinian government as well. Many people feel that the Palestinian Authority is no longer representing their demands, so they are taking to the streets to express their outrage, rather than in answer to the leadership's call for upheaval.
“At the end of the day, [the Palestinian Authority has] come back with not only empty hands, but they even lost Jerusalem.”
“All they want to feed people is the peace treaty, and this is what Palestinians are getting sick of,” he said. “For decades, we've been lied to and told that there's peace talks. And then, at the end of the day, they come back with not only empty hands, but they even lost Jerusalem.”
Noura Erakat, a human rights attorney and assistant professor at George Mason University, thinks it's irresponsible on the part of Palestinian leaders to call people out to protest. For one, she is skeptical of a reaction with no strategy or proposed end goals.
“Right now, why are Palestinians going to go out, to do what?” said Erakat. “To ask to go back into the cage that the Palestinian Authority has set up for us?”
Photo: Corinna Kern/picture-alliance/dpa/AP
The Palestinian Authority has adopted some of Israel's repressive tactics to clamp down on its own population, sparking worries about civil liberties. Although many fear criticizing the Palestinian Authority openly, two-thirds of the Palestinian public want President Mahmoud Abbas to resign, according to a poll conducted last October by the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research.
Palestinian leaders are trying to use the threat of violence to gain leverage with the United States in negotiations. But in doing that, they sacrifice Palestinian humanity, argues Erakat.
“Palestinians are constantly in a form of a resistance, and seeking to exist gets lost in a narrative of peacemaking,” said Erakat. “It becomes about both sides's need to compromise, rather than one side needs to be reined in.”
This week's protests echo rounds of violence last July, when Israeli authorities violated the fragile status quo and placed metal detectors at the entrance to the Haram al-Sharif compound, where Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Dome of the Rock shrine are located. The compound is the holiest site in the country for both Muslims and Jews, who refer to it as Temple Mount.
Three Palestinian citizens of Israel had shot and killed two police officers at the entrance to Haram al-Sharif. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reacted by imposing tighter security measures. For the first time in decades, Israeli authorities sealed off all entrances to the holy site for two consecutive days, a measure that Muslim worshippers viewed as a breach of their religious rights.
The move triggered acts of civil disobedience that carried on for weeks, which were also met with a deadly crackdown on Palestinians. Thousands of worshippers refused to enter the site and collectively prayed outside until Israel finally acceded to their request to remove the machines.
Rula, the activist from East Jerusalem, said the victory in July came with a price, and many Palestinians are now blacklisted by the Israeli government and risk losing more for their activism.
Although Rula perseveres in her fight against Israeli occupation, many Palestinians are losing hope. “When you feel that your entire life, you try to affect change, and nothing is working, many people lost hope,” said Rula.
For Erakat, the mere presence of Palestinians poses a risk to Israel's settler-colonial project, “because it disrupts the narrative that the Jews have always been there.” To her, the best people can do to oppose Trump's declaration is “frankly, by just being put and being alive and refusing to be moved.”
The horrific accounts of abuse, torture, rape and murder continue to pour out of ISIS occupied Iraq and Syria.
On Wednesday CNN's Jonathan Mann spoke with Chaldean Christian leader and businessman Mark Arabo about how ISIS' persecution of Christians in Iraq has actually become genocide.
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Eagle Rising updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: Pastor Asks for Cake, Bakery Refuses and Calls the Cops!
“There is a park in Mosul, where [ISIS] they actually beheaded children and put their heads on a stick and have them in the park. More children are getting beheaded, mothers are getting raped and killed, and fathers are being hung.”
“The world hasn't seen this kind of atrocity in generations. This is a crime against humanity. This is much broader than a community or a state. This is crime against humanity. They are doing the most horrendous, the most heart-breaking crimes that you can think of.”
“Christian holocaust is in our midst. This should never be happening in 2014.”
“This living nightmare is not going away, but it is only getting worse.”
“The world cannot turn a blind eye.”
How long can we in the West continue to turn a blind eye to the atrocities being committed by Islamic militants against innocent and defenseless minority communities – primarily in Iraq and Syria – but also across the rest of the Islamic world?
The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
About
It's the impossible wish of every aspiring screenwriter. To get enough funding to turn your screenplay into the theatrical masterpiece which, as of now, only you believe that it can be. I share this belief about my screenplay, "The Sizzling Steg."
The script is a science fiction drama set in an altered timeline, the most notable effect of which is the survival of the dinosaurs into modern times, wherein many of them have been domesticated for labour or raised as cattle. And that is the only plot point you're getting. I'm not giving more details, or sharing pages, or even posting a video. For a project of this magnitude, my face and voice are not going to make a bit of difference. If these words don't pique you, then nothing will.
No project of this size has ever been successfully funded on Kickstarter, so I'm really going on the faith of an idea here. That idea is that the dream-fulfilling potential of Kickstarter has only begun to be recognized. If "The Sizzling Steg" is funded, it will unleash that potential on the world, and the dreams of many more writers and artists will be realized in ways that even Kickstarter's staff could never have dreamed of.
John Bercow has written to the expenses regulator warning him not to disclose official documents that show the identities of MPs' landlords for “security” reasons.
Publication of the names, which was supposed to take place today, would expose the extent to which MPs are exploiting a loophole in the rules that allows politicians to rent their homes to one another. The loophole means that MPs can still effectively build up property nest eggs at taxpayers' expense, despite official attempts to stop the practice following the expenses scandal.
Sources at the expenses regulator confirmed that “some MPs” were engaged in the practice.
In a letter released last night, it emerged that Mr Bercow had written to the regulator claiming that publication of details of MPs' landlords jeopardised their security and had led to “grave concerns” in the House of Commons.
“The processing of the data … could involve causing unwarranted damage and distress,” the Speaker wrote in the letter to the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (Ipsa). “I should be grateful if you and your colleagues would reconsider such a plan.”
The MPs' fight to cover up the landlords' names emerged after Dr Julian Lewis, a Conservative MP, disclosed in the Commons that freedom of information laws were being used to bring about the release of the information.
Should MPs be foreced to reveal if they rent out their taxpayer-funded homes?
He said: “You'll remember the long campaign successfully waged three years ago to ensure that Members of Parliament's addresses would never be disclosed as a result of FoI requests.
“A number of colleagues from both sides of the House have approached me about an FoI request that those colleagues who, unlike me, rent their properties, should have their landlords names disclosed.
“There is concern that this could breach the security of MPs' home addresses.”
Mr Bercow acknowledged the concerns and assured MPs that he had written to Ipsa because he shared “the very real concerns raised”.
His letter states that the issues surrounding security are backed by the Serjeant of Arms and the Parliamentary Security Director. It was not clear how naming landlords would threaten MPs' security.
The rearguard action led by Mr Bercow has echoes of the attempt by the previous Speaker, Lord Martin, to prevent the release of addresses on which parliamentary expenses were claimed.
The information was subsequently leaked to The Daily Telegraph, causing the scandal that led to the resignation or prosecution of dozens of MPs.
The former Speaker had to resign after fighting to keep information about expenses secret, a decision that backfired following widespread public anger when the data were finally released.
Last night, John Mann, a Labour MP, said the attempt at keeping MPs' landlords secret was a “return to the bad old days” and it appeared that attempts to restrict transparency were “beginning to creep in”.
He added: “If MPs are renting from past or current MPs it is right and proper the public is able to know that.
“There is nothing wrong with that, and there is nothing wrong in it being out there in the open. I have no problem in MPs renting it [a flat] out but the public is entitled to know that.”
He added: “There is a way to get the information out to satisfy the general public. The media will want to know if there are any scams going on.”
Ipsa was established in 2010 after the parliamentary expenses scandal. The watchdog banned MPs from claiming back mortgage interest after a transitional period which ended this summer. This followed concerns that politicians were able to build up valuable property empires at taxpayers' expense.
Its initial rules banned MPs from renting properties from family members, close business associates or “an organisation in which you or a family have an interest”. This was to help to ensure that MPs did not claim the market value for rent from the taxpayer while actually paying far less.
The rules were later clarified to allow one MP to rent from another, provided they were not related or married. It is thought that this rule was specified following requests from MPs.
The Daily Telegraph has previously disclosed the existence of a “property merry-go-round”, with dozens of MPs renting out their previously taxpayer-funded homes and immediately renting nearby homes, claiming the new rental costs from the taxpayer.
David Laws, the Liberal Democrat minister, was forced to resign and repay tens of thousands of pounds after being exposed by this newspaper for paying rent to his boyfriend.
Dozens of MPs have moved into new rented accommodation in the past two years. According to official records, Liam Fox, the former defence secretary, rented out his home in south London in September last year, and is now claiming £1,900 a month to rent accommodation in London.
Chris Bryant, a shadow minister for borders and immigration, has rented out his mansion flat in Bloomsbury and claimed £2,050 for a month's rent in the last period for which data have been published.
Recent figures showed that a quarter of Conservative MPs were renting out properties.
MPs' expenses are rising again after the 2009 scandal.
The bill went up by a quarter to nearly £90 million last year, which means that it is only slightly lower than before the scandal.
Politicians spent the money on second homes, staff, travel and office costs, including dozens of iPads.
The total outlay for 2010-11 was £71 million, although Ipsa pointed out that this figure was lower because of the impact of the general election.
A spokesman for Ipsa said: “We are committed to transparency as is shown by our regular publication of all claims by all MPs. We have a duty to balance that against the risk of compromising security. We are currently going through the process of gathering all the relevant information to get that judgment right.”
For five years Padgelek has served on the board of Hunters Sharing the Harvest. His philosophy: “Hunger is out there, and it happens. You can walk by it every day, or you can do something. No one is immune from catastrophe.” The 14,000 pounds of venison he collects in a given year makes his the largest donation in the state to the network, which supplies 4,000 charitable food outlets.
Padgelek normally charges $65 to decapitate, skin, bone and process a deer but only $15 when a deer is donated — just enough to cover his overhead. But the fee is still too high for some would-be donors. Bill Young donated a deer once, then decided it was unfair to have to pay for processing after having already given his time, his bullet, his licensing fee and the energy it took to field-dress (gut, in layman's terms) the strapping buck.
But this year, Consol Energy chipped in $50,000 to cover the processing fees. The company originated with coal in 1864 and is now awash in money from fracking Marcellus shale, which lies under many of the game lands where hunters like the Youngs and Padgelek stalk their deer. With the donation, says Padgelek, hunters “can actually bring a deer and not have to pay anything at all and donate it. And we're seeing a pretty good response for that this year.”
A bigger hope was that the infusion of Consol cash would encourage more butchers to join the network and get certified by the USDA so they could donate to food banks — and make some money too.
“We've got 118 butchers across the state” in the network, Padgelek says. “We get probably between 80,000 and 100,000 pounds of deer meat donated through those butchers to the food banks. And we're not even scratching the surface. We're between 1 and 3 percent of the venison that's harvested for this state. So we can only go one way: up.”
As Padgelek is talking, barrel-chested Richard Adams of nearby Moon Township arrives at Kip's dragging the two deer that he, his son and a friend bagged on that snowy Saturday. One would be processed to give to another friend, the other to Hunters Sharing the Harvest. Adams, raised as a Catholic to share, always donates his first catch.
“I think they could use the meat more than myself,” says the gruff but soft-eyed Adams. He speaks while standing outside in the frigid early evening darkness as hunter after hunter heads up the driveway lugging a gutted deer by the antlers or legs. “I mean, there's a lot of people that really appreciate that meat. I never take it for granted either. When I kill an animal, I always take a moment and think about it. You are taking a life. When it goes to the hunter-share program, it's all worthwhile.”
The mood at the processor is harvest festive. Everyone who has bagged a deer is buoyant, and none expresses qualms about watching his kill being ground up for food. “Everyone believes that McDonald's hamburger was raised to be a hamburger,” says one hunter. “This is accountability,” says another. “Hunters are the best conservationists.”
Once you see how the meat gets into the packaging at Kip's, it's easy to imagine it passing for ground round. The gutted deer carcasses stacked outside are unsettling, perhaps, but once the hides and heads are removed and the bodies are hanging in a cooler, you could mistake them for lamb. Over the next days, the meat is broken down into steaks and chops and then chunks to be ground. The maroon meat is sent through a grinder twice, emerging a healthy sirloin red, then transferred to a hydraulic stuffer to be pumped into plastic casings. The more it's processed, the more it looks like food — all-American meat.
I have recently learned about acceptance testing with Page Objects . In this write-up I'd like to share with you how I learned to use those Page Objects with acceptance tests and how I have adopted them into component integration tests.
Acceptance testing
Let's start with an example acceptance test, one without the Page Object technique applied.
test( 'Creating a new to-do' , function (assert) { visit( '/to-dos/new' ); fillIn( 'input[name="to-do_title"]' , 'Get milk' ); click( 'input[name="to-do_submit"]' ); andThen(() => { assert.equal(currentURL(), '/to-dos' ); assert.ok(find( 'ul.todo-list li:contains("Get milk")' ).length > 0); }); });
The example tests that given you visit /to-dos/new , and you fill in a to-do title and then click on the submit button, then you will be redirected to /to-dos and a to-do with the given title should have been added to the list of to-dos.
As you can see the example contains information on how the create form for a to-do and how the list of to-dos are implemented. That's not something you would like to know at first from the acceptance test.
So let's take a look at how the former example will look be when we apply the Page Object pattern to hide all the implementation details:
test( 'Creating a new to-do' , function (assert) { let to-do = new To-do( 'Get milk' ); visit( '/to-dos/new' ); todo.create(); andThen(() => { assert.equal(currentURL(), '/to-dos' ); assert.ok(todo.visible()); }); });
This example hides the implementation details behind the To-do Page Object, with the result that the test now reads much more than how a user would interact with your application.
Now if we take a look at the implementation of the To-do Page Object:
class To-do { constructor (title) { this .title = title; } create () { fillIn( 'input[name="to-do_title"]' , this .title); click( 'input[name="to-do_submit"]' ); } visible () { return find(` ul.todo-list li:contains("${ this .title}")` ).length > 0; } }
President Trump sold himself as a dealmaker in the 2016 campaign, calling himself an expert negotiator. But he also made a lot of promises about health care that conflict with the Senate health-care bill. Can the author of "The Art of the Deal" close this deal with Congress? (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
On the campaign trail, Donald Trump's proposal on health care was nebulously perfect. Obamacare — that is, the Affordable Care Act — would be gone, he told his cheering supporters, replaced by something cheaper, better and more expansive that wouldn't be burdened by the hated word “Obama.”
When it came time to deliver on that promise, very early in his administration, the bill that was offered up was somewhat distant from that target. The American Health Care Act would actually see fewer people covered by a decade from now, independent analysis indicated, and costs would drop largely because those with the most expensive plans would stop getting coverage. Trump halfheartedly championed the bill even though it wasn't his creation. When it collapsed, the exhalation from the White House was nearly audible.
The problem, though, is that the failure appears to have made any future significant changes trickier. New polling from The Washington Post and our partners at ABC News as well as a survey from NBC News and the Wall Street Journal makes clear that Trump's base still wants Obamacare to be tossed out — but that it mostly opposes the most viable path toward doing so.
It's still the case that three-quarters of the people who voted for him and three-quarters of Republicans overall want to see Obamacare repealed and replaced. The majority of Americans disagree, mind you, thanks to large majorities of Democrats and independents who think that it's preferable to improve the existing law. Sixty-one percent of Americans overall hold that view.
The NBC-Journal poll saw a similar partisan split, with independents narrowly preferring to stop trying to repeal the bill when offered a repeal-or-not choice. Still, three-quarters of Republicans backed continuing the fight.
So. Fine. Trump's base wants the repeal effort to move forward. How to accomplish it?
Somewhat remarkably, nearly half of Trump voters — more than Republicans overall — think that Trump should work with Democrats instead of or alongside conservative Republicans to come up with solutions. The number of Trump voters who think he should work with conservative Republicans only is still higher, but there's a lot of support for a bipartisan approach.
The problem with that, of course, is that Trump was already trying to hammer out an agreement between conservatives in the House and more moderate representatives — it was just that those middle-ground members of the House were in his own party. The reason that he and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) could never get a majority of support on the AHCA was that there was enough opposition from both the far-right and center of his party to keep him from getting over the finish line. Trying to find middle ground between those conservatives — who generally want to gut the bill — and Democrats who broadly want to bolster it would be some magic trick.
What's more, one of the proposals that's moved to the center of the conservative focus on reforming Obamacare — removing the mandate that preexisting conditions be covered — is opposed by majorities across the political spectrum. Even a majority of Trump voters think that there should be a national standard to protect preexisting conditions.
The challenge with preserving those protections is that it is one of the main drivers of the cost of the program, which is why conservatives have focused on it. But it's strongly supported. Seventy percent of Americans think the idea should be preserved.
After failing to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, Republican leaders said it will "implode." Health-care experts disagree, saying the ACA is stable under current law — but President Trump and congressional Republicans could change that. (Daron Taylor/The Washington Post)
Trump's strategy, then, has been to Sherman-march his way through the issue, letting Obamacare fail (perhaps with a few unsubtle nudges) and then rebuild from the rubble. As it stands, though, that strategy bears its own risks. A majority of every group thinks that the better strategy is to make Obamacare work better while repeal efforts are underway — including well over half of those who voted for Trump last year.
That's a Catch-22 for Republicans: Making Obamacare stronger, of course, will also reinforce its popularity, since it will be a better program. The program has seen a surge in popularity since the election as the threat of it being repealed loomed.
But repealing and replacing Obamacare necessitates having something viable to repeal and replace it with. So far, that's been elusive for Republicans. And according to that NBC-Journal poll, that's become apparent to American voters. In February, 31 percent of respondents said they had a “great deal” or “some” confidence in the Republican replacement bill. By this month, fully half of respondents said they had “little or no” confidence in it.
Trump's vague promise of a universally better and cheaper program was always worth a good deal of skepticism. But the faltering effort to reform the health-care system earlier this year appears to have made his already-impossible goal somehow even more distant.
KALAMAZOO, MI - For several years, Douglas E. Sackrider sexually assaulted a young girl before an incident in March finally brought his crimes to light.
Now, he'll spend at least the next seven years in prison.
"You're a sick, sick man," Kalamazoo County Circuit Judge Gary C. Giguere Jr. told Sackrider Monday. "You ruined your family, you've ruined your life, you've ruined the lives of generations from now."
Sackrider, 45, of Schoolcraft, was arrested in March and charged with three counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct and one count of second-degree criminal sexual conduct.
He pleaded guilty June 15 to one count of first-degree CSC. As part of a plea agreement, the remaining charges were dismissed and prosecutors reserved their right to make a sentence recommendation that would not exceed 114 months to 30 years in prison.
The charges against Sackrider stemmed from what Assistant Prosecutor Jeffrey Williams said was a series of sexual assaults on a young girl that began when the girl was between 12 and 13 years old and took place over "a number of years."
Williams said Sackrider was arrested in March following an incident "that caused this pattern of behavior to be revealed."
The victim, who is a relative of Sackrider, did not speak in court on Monday. Williams noted that she and her mother submitted written victim-impact statements for Giguere's consideration.
Williams told Giguere he has been impressed by the strength the girl and her mother have shown since Sackrider's arrest and the way that they have sought help for the teen. He asked Giguere to sentence Sackrider to a minimum of seven years in prison and a maximum of 30 years in prison.
Sackrider's minimum sentencing guideline range was 51 months to 85 months in prison meaning that Giguere had the option of sentencing Sackrider to a minimum sentence of at least 51 months and as high as 85 months.
Giguere sentenced Sackrider to 85 months (7 years, 1 month) to 30 years in prison with credit for 45 days already served.
"If there was ever a case that did not need any hyperbole ... it would be this one," Williams said, noting the severity of Sackrider's crimes and the length of time during which they took place.
Sackrider's attorney, Donald H. Smith, said Monday that his client realized the severity of what he did to the young girl. However, Smith said he wasn't sure that Sackrider necessarily understood how it was he came to be before Giguere on Monday.
"Evil's like a fungus and you don't realize what it is until it's there," Smith said. "At some point and time, my client believed a lie and he believed that something that was not OK was OK. He's going to make good use of his time (in prison) ... to figure out how that happened."
When it was his turn to speak Monday, Sackrider apologized for his actions and told Giguere that he was "going to spend every day getting the help that I need to figure out what happened."
Giguere said Sackrider had one prior misdemeanor on his record before his arrest in March and nothing in his background that would point to him committing the crimes he was sentenced for on Monday. He also said Sackrider had a strong family and a long employment history.
Despite his history, Giguere said there was no excuse for Sackrider's "repulsive" acts.
"There are very few crimes that are consistent from society to society, generation to generation, that just remain so repulsive to the concepts of dignity and humanity," Giguere said. "This is one of those ... How that first step is ever taken and how it progresses to the level it progressed to in this case, I just don't get.
"It's just awful," the judge added.
Rex Hall Jr. is a public safety reporter for the Kalamazoo Gazette. You can reach him at rhall2@mlive.com. Follow him on Twitter.
Before John Boyega made it big in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, he gained notoriety for a much smaller sci-fi film, Attack the Block. Written and directed by Joe Cornish, the film featured the actor as Moses, a boy who defends his South London neighborhood from aliens with the help of his friends. Nearly five years later, Boyega is teasing a reunion with Cornish for “something new.”
“Saw Joe Cornish the other day,” Boyega tweeted on Saturday. “Yes. We are brainstorming. #somethingnew.” While this could mean any number of things, Cornish told IFC back in 2011 that Boyega keeps coming up with “amazing ideas” for a possible sequel to Attack the Block.
Saw Joe Cornish the other day. Yes. We are brainstorming. #somethingnew — John Boyega (@JohnBoyega) June 25, 2016
“He has this image of a bigger alien attack on London, as if the attack we saw in Attack the Block was just the [first] wave and there's another wave of bigger creatures,” he said (via Collider). “And he described to me this image of Moses leading a whole army of hood kids across the Thames, next to the houses of Parliament.”
The director also admitted at the time that he's been approached about “a remake,” “a sequel,” and “a TV show to spin off it.”
Another possibility could be Section 6, Cornish's passion project that hit some legal snags. Universal won a four-way bidding war for the script with Jack O'Connell set to star, but the film then became the subject of copyright infringement claims from MGM and James Bond rightsholder Danjaq. With the lawsuit settled, Wrath of the Titans screenwriter Dan Mazeau was reportedly enlisted.
Meanwhile, Boyega's schedule outside of Star Wars has been filling up. He'll be seen opposite James McAvoy in a TV miniseries adaptation of Watership Down, in Kathryn Bigelow's untitled film about the Detroit riots, on stage in Woyzek, opposite Emma Watson and Tom Hanks in The Circle, and fighting kaiju in Pacific Rim 2.
Chainfire Releases SuperSU v2.78 SR5, Fixing Some Nougat Bugs
Since September, XDA Recognized Developer Chainfire started a new versioning system for SuperSU. This began with version 2.78 SR1 of SuperSU, and today the man has released 2.78 SR5. Instead of labeling them as a Beta, he changed this to a Service Release naming scheme. He felt this would be a good way of reducing the number of people trying to upload beta releases to non-Google Play app stores since it would continue to carry the same version number.
Since then, Chainfire started work on getting SuperSU compatible with the Pixel and Pixel XL, along with ironing out some bugs related to Android 7.x Nougat. Most of these bug fixes have been related to the A/B partition system that was introduced with Android 7.0 and the Pixel phones. But there have been some other fixes for things like sukernel, supolicy, suinit, and making sure SuperSU worked alongside of TWRP as they were having a conflict until SR4 was released.
Today, he has released yet another update to SuperSU, and this one focuses on some Nougat related bugs again. In a Google+ post, Chainfire tells us that some scripts and services weren't able to be executed thanks to some modifications SuperSU makes to SELinux and the stricter service execution rules in Nougat. This didn't happen on all firmwares, but this did lead to Wi-Fi, cellular, and other modem-related features not working on some of them (like the Samsung Nougat beta and CyanogenMod 14.1).
With this update, the SuperSU GUI now offers a way to disable Samsung's SecurityLogAgent component as part of disabling KNOX (to help remove some of the popups that people were experiencing). Chainfire has also released a custom package for gaining root access to the HTC 10‘s new Nougat update. This will be replaced with a flashable ZIP via TWRP or CF-Auto-Root when it becomes available.
You can download the new version of SuperSU here, and be sure to check out the SuperSU thread right here on XDA as well.
Changelog
Booking (Korean: 부킹) is a common practice in South Korean night clubs of forced socialization. Booking is a practice in which waiters bring female patrons, sometimes forcibly, to a table to sit with men. Both parties are free to leave at any time, or depending on mutual interest, they can continue to sit together and drink and talk. Although outwardly similar, to outsiders, these are not hostess clubs, and although the men are expected to tip and pay their waiters to bring women to their table, the women are not employees nor are they prostitutes but fellow clubbers.
Background [ edit ]
Confucianism in Korea has had a profound effect on social interactions, in traditional Confucianism one was expected to give proper deference and respect to one another based on one's position within a five level hierarchy, only the bottom of which was of one between equals, one's position in this hierarchy was based on a mix of one's ancestry, family position, official offices if any and social status. With regards to marriage one was expected to find a partner of the same social status as one's own, an appropriate partner being one whose status was neither above nor beneath one's own, to facilitate this there was the traditional matchmaker.
As South Korea urbanised and industrialised, the hierarchical stratification of society remained, in addition to ancestry one's social position in Korean society now includes the level of one's education, alma mater, profession, which company one works for and one's position and seniority (whether one is a seonbae or hubae) within the company. Increasingly less so, social interactions would become paralysed unless people were properly introduced and so could determine one's social position with regards one another, fear of behaving inappropriately to one's own position leading to an outright refusal to interact with strangers. With regards to marriage meeting people outside one's established social circle is difficult, and within this circle, for example with colleagues, one is constrained by what would be considered appropriate and inappropriate relationships depending on one's seniority and position in the hierarchy. The old professional matchmakers still exist, and friends and family will act as informal matchmakers, however even when both parties are interested in meeting a member of the opposite sex, such as when clubbing, a Korean would find it difficult to ask a stranger for a dance, a date, or more, and those who do would be seen negatively by the more conservative.
Booking arose therefore as an icebreaker between individuals who would otherwise be too embarrassed to approach one another and has been described as a form of speed dating. As South Koreans have become more comfortable with other ways to meet new people, such as through the internet, booking clubs have declined.
Practice [ edit ]
In booking clubs groups of men will pay for a booth or room, the higher priced they are the better placed they are to observe the dance floor, they will also order a set of drinks and snacks for their table. The male groups are assigned a waiter who for tips will try and bring female patrons to their table, if they see a specific girl on the dance floor that they are interested in they may ask their waiter to try and bring her to their table. Although to outsiders, these clubs have been mistaken for hostess clubs, the women are not employees nor are they prostitutes but fellow clubbers, they are free to leave at any time, and male patrons should not make the mistake that their payment to the waiter, however much it may be, entitles them to anything but the opportunity to introduce themselves, or that it relieves them of the need to be gentlemen.
Among both male and female patrons there will be those who want more than some drinks, conversation and an exchange of phone numbers, it is the job of the waiter therefore to try and match only those with similar intentions.
Criticism [ edit ]
Ahn Hyeong-hwan (안형환), the Grand National Party representative and the member of the parliamentary-level Committee on Culture, Sports, Tourism, Broadcasting & Communications raised the issue of how the English-language Arirang TV presented the concept of booking to viewers, and how it could potentially portray as negative an aspect of Korean contemporary culture.[1]
Outside of Korea [ edit ]
In the United States, Le Prive was a popular Korean-American venue for booking.
While I didn't know what to expect, it was definitely not what I was expecting!
This was my initial thought when I first saw a drawing of the wood clad pagoda-type structure proposed by the Swiss architectural firm Herzog & de Meuron for the new Vancouver Art Gallery.
article continues below
As a former VAG trustee and a member of its Expansion Committee, I had been eagerly awaiting the plans. While I previously went on record as preferring an expansion on the existing site, I accepted that this was no longer the game plan.
Having left the Board of Trustees a decade ago, I had not been involved in the subsequent planning, nor the architect selection process. However, I was not a fan of the firm chosen, having recently visited their very unusual and over-budget philharmonic hall in Hamburg, and austere Tate Modern gallery in London.
Nonetheless, many of my friends are great supporters of the VAG and as a city resident, I want to see the new gallery project succeed. As Board Chair Bruce Munro Wright said at the unveiling, we must all be positive.
There are a number of aspects of the plans that please me. I am happy the architects have not designed a contrived geometric shape that would be expensive to build and difficult to use. I am also pleased to see a large, public outdoor space, although I do not like how the building design cuts off this plaza from all the surrounding streets.
More importantly, I do not like the massing and appearance of the building as viewed along Georgia Street, nor the unrelenting exterior wood cladding.
The design concept for the Vancouver Art Gallery building was revealed Tuesday.
I love wood, especially when it is new, or like my outdoor deck, allowed to gracefully turn silver (before turning dirty and black).
Travelling around Europe I have seen wood used on a number of large, new buildings. However, when it is not properly maintained, it fades and looks quite unpleasant.
Architects are increasingly using wood, and wood-like products on new buildings around Vancouver quite successfully. However, the new art gallery has 12 storeys of wood cladding, with a lot more wood inside. I worry how it will wear over time.
I attended the architect's presentation at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre last Tuesday evening and left feeling disappointed. The senior partner, Christine Binswanger (sadly neither of the firms founding principals thought it important enough to attend) seemed rather vague as to how the wood cladding would be detailed, noting that in the past it had been burned or painted. Surely neither would be contemplated here.
Following the unveiling, as the design was debated on social media, one of my former colleagues now living in London UK, offered some interesting observations.
He noted it is difficult to design an art gallery that fits well with its surroundings since it is by its very nature an internally-focused structure. However, in evaluating this proposal one might ask some questions:
Does the building honour its urban context? Does it do an outstanding job of integrating ground floor uses and connecting them to the life of our streets? What will it feel like to be there at all hours of the day and night? How will the building age? Does it reflect our West Coast design culture? And does it approach the excellence of some of our other gallery-like buildings such as Arthur Erickson's Museum of Anthropology?
Having viewed the detailed plans, I believe aspects of the gallery layout could be very successful both day and night, including the many covered outdoor spaces. However, while the architects said the building design was inspired by its context and the city, I do not think it honours Vancouver.
Nor do I think it will age well.
More importantly, I do not think this is a beautiful public building, like the one that was universally admired when first unveiled in the early 1980s-the first Vancouver Trade & Convention Centre with its ship-like design and sails. It belongs here.
If this building is built, and I worry the design will not help raise the necessary funds as many hopes, the building will need considerable redesign.
Otherwise, it will never meet my expectations.
michaelarthurgeller@gmail.com
Twitter @michaelgeller
Watch Hillary's Embarrassing And Cringeworthy 1995 Parody of FORREST GUMP (VIDEO)
It's important to note that this is something Hillary did herself, voluntarily, because she thought it would be funny. In reality, it is one of the most painfully embarrassing things you will ever see.
It was created for the Gridiron Dinner in 1995.
The New York Times reported:
‘Hillary Gump' a Hit at Washington's Gridiron Club Dinner With a little help from Hollywood, Hillary Rodham Clinton has been transformed into “Hillary Gump,” a slow-talking Southerner who strikes up a conversation on a park bench outside the White House. “The White House is just like a box of chocolates,” she says in a line from the parody of the hit movie, “pretty on the outside and full of nuts inside.” Even though she was halfway around the world on a diplomatic mission in South Asia, Mrs. Clinton's five-minute videotaped spoof of “Forrest Gump” stole the show on Saturday at the Gridiron Club's annual white-tie dinner. President Clinton played a cameo role: When the First Lady offers him a chocolate, he takes the box and gives her one candy — then asks if she has some french fries to go with it.
Watch the video:
It turns out stupid really is as stupid does.
(Image:Source)
Starting at the same price, there's a 10 to 1 gap in investment performance
By Christopher Monckton of Brenchley
… Don't put your pension into Greens. “Greens” are what the City boys in red suspenders with East End accents you could cut with a machete and Porsches you could scratch with a convenient latch-key call renewable-energy stocks. See the chart:
As Bjørn Lomborg points out in a recent devastating graph, if you had been scared enough by the hockey-stick fable in the IPCC's 2001 Third Assessment Report to invest $100 in Greens in 2002, you would now be the proud owner of $28, or quite a bit less than that after inflation.
But if you had followed Monckton's Rule of Merry and Profitable Investment – listen very carefully to what the Government tells you, do the exact opposite, wait a decade or so, then collect in spades – you would have invested your $100 in oil and gas stocks. And you would now have a billfold crammed with $238, or 1000% more than the hapless investor in Greens.
These are remarkable figures. Oil and gas corporations have had to face ever higher taxes and ever tighter regulations in the name of Saving The Planet. Greens have been subsidized to levels so absurd they're beyond Communist. Even with the millstone of taxation, regulation and ministerial hate-speech, oil and gas stocks have done well. Even with frequent epinephrine overdoses of taxpayer subsidy and paeans of official praise, Greens – as the red-suspenders brigade would put it – are down the toilet.
That is a remarkable contrast. Not the least reason for it is that all forms of so-called “renewable” energy are monstrously, irremediably inefficient. Currently, my favorite example is the sappy UK Government's subsidies to new electric autos.
Typical gasoline-powered auto engines are approximately 27% efficient. Typical fossil-fueled generating stations are 50% efficient, transmission to end user is 67% efficient, battery charging is 90% efficient and the auto's electric motor is 90% efficient, so that the fuel efficiency of an electric auto is – er – also 27%. However, the electric auto requires 30% more power per mile traveled to move the mass of its batteries.
CO2 emissions from domestic transport account for 24% of UK CO2 emissions, and cars, vans, and taxis represent 90% of road transport. Assuming 80% of fuel use is by these autos, they account for 19.2% of UK CO2 emissions. Conversion to electric power, 61% of which is generated by fossil fuels in the UK, would remit 39% of 19.2%, or 7.5%, of UK CO2 emissions.
However, the battery-weight penalty would be 30% of 19.2% of 61%, or 3.5%, of UK CO2 emissions. So the net saving from converting all UK cars, vans, and taxis to electricity would be just 4% of UK CO2 emissions, which are 1.72% of global CO2 emissions. Thus converting all UK autos to electricity would abate 0.07% of global CO2 emissions.
But at what cost?
The cost to the UK taxpayer of subsidizing the 30,000 electric cars, vans, and taxis bought in 2012 was a flat-rate subsidy of $8333 (£5000) for each vehicle and a further subsidy of about $350 (£210) in vehicle excise tax remitted, a total of $260.5 million. On that basis, the cost of subsidizing all 2,250,000 new autos sold each year would be $19.54 bn. Though the longevity of electric autos is 50% greater than that of internal-combustion autos, batteries must be completely replaced every few years at great cost, canceling the longevity advantage.
The considerable cost of using renewable energy to bring down the UK's fossil-fueled generation fraction from the global mean 67% to 61% is not taken into account, though, strictly speaking, an appropriate share of the very large subsidy cost of renewable electricity generation should be assigned to electric vehicles.
By contrast, what is the cost of doing nothing?
The Stern Report on the economics of climate change says 3 Cº global warming this century would cost 0-3% of global GDP. We're not going to get 3 Cº warming, or anything like it, so make that, say, 1% of GDP.
But the cost of making global warming go away by methods whose unit cost per Celsius degree of global warming abated is equivalent to that of the UK Government's mad subsidy for electric autos works out at 74% of global GDP. So it is 74 times more expensive to act today than to adapt the day after tomorrow. Oops!
In fact, the cost-benefit ratio may be even worse than this. Now that both RSS and UAH have reported their satellite-derived monthly temperature anomalies for February 2014, the monthly Global Warming Prediction Index can be determined, based on the simple mean of the two datasets since January 2005.
The IPCC's Fifth Assessment Report last year backdated the models' projections to 2005, and reduced the central estimate of the next 30 years' global warming by almost half from the equivalent of 2.3 Cº per century in the pre-final draft to the equivalent of 1.3 Cº per century in the final draft.
Even this much-reduced projection continues inexorably to diverge from the unexciting reality that global temperature has stabilized.
The brainier and more honest advocates of the official story-line know that events have rendered their demands for near-zero CO2 emissions no longer tenable.
Yet they continue to make their strident demands that the West should, in effect, shut itself down. They do so for the following interesting reason. They know that the high-sensitivity theory they said they were more sure about than anything else is nonsense. They know the world will warm by perhaps 1 Cº this century as a result of our activities, and that is all, and that is not a problem.
They also know that within not more than seven years the mean of all five global-temperature datasets may well show no global warming – at all – for 20 years. They know that if CO2 concentration continues to rise at anything like its present rate it will become obvious to all that they were spectacularly, egregiously, humiliatingly in error.
They have concluded, unsurprisingly but furtively, that their only way out is to insist that the science is even more settled than ever and that CO2 emissions must be cut even faster than before.
Then, when global temperature fails to rise as they now know it will fail to rise, they can say that the Pause has happened because CO2 emissions have been stabilized by the policies they so profitably demanded, rather than because the Pause would have happened anyway.
Indeed, one or two of the more flagrantly dishonest global warming crooks are already beginning to claim that the Pause is their doing. One has only to look at the ever-rising gray CO2 curve on the graph to see there is no truth in that.
However, the day of judgment is at hand. A fraud case is being quietly, painstakingly assembled, spanning three continents. When the last pieces of evidence have been carefully collected, half a dozen people will face trial for the serious, imprisonable offense of fraud by misrepresentation.
When that day comes, watch the rats who have over-promoted this profoundly damaging scare scurrying for cover in case they are next. Then, and only then, the scare will be over.
[ALL: Be aware that replies WILL ALMOST CERTAINLY go into the “Review” bin for specific moderator review IF they contain the word “fraud” … (or meet certain other criteria.)
Since, on this thread, it is VERY LIKELY that the “fraud” word will be used or referenced in many replies, EXPECT DELAYS for your replies until they are accepted. Mod Team]
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
The 92-year-old should be forced to have a brain scan and prove he is fit to run his media empire, documents say, but lawyers reject the accusations as ‘baseless'
Sumner Redstone, the 92-year-old executive chairman of Viacom and CBS, is a “living ghost” and prone to uncontrollable crying fits, according to a lawsuit which questions his ability to run the media companies.
The lawsuit filed by Manuela Herzer, one of the billionaire media mogul's former girlfriends, asks for Redstone to be submitted to a brain scan and demands that he receive a mental examination to determine whether he can still make decisions for himself.
Her claims, however, were disputed by lawyers for Redstone, who say he was evaluated by a doctor on Monday and found to be in good spirits and able to make decisions.
Television moguls jostle to take control of the global audience Read more
Redstone's physical and mental health have been the subject of intense debate and speculation, in part because he has been noticeably absent from his companies' earnings calls this year and has not attended the annual meetings.
Redstone, who coined the phrase “content is king”, controls about 80% of the voting shares in his multi-billion dollar media empire which owns Paramount movie studios and cable channels such as MTV, Comedy Centrl and Nickelodeon.
Herzer, 51, claims in the court documents that Redstone was hospitalised three times in mid-2014, twice for aspiration and pneumonia. This left him with a feeding tube, catheter and the need to have saliva and phlegm suctioned from his throat multiple times day and night.
He can “barely vocalize” and is “emotionally distraught” at his inability to eat or drink, the documents claim.
His signature is like a straight line, “appearing as if someone moved the paper under his pen”.
Herzer had been chosen by Redstone to make healthcare decisions for him in case he was not able to, according to the lawsuit filed at Los Angeles county superior court. But Redstone executed a new agreement on 16 October to remove Herzer as his healthcare agent.
When his then girlfriend of five years, Sydney Holland, left him in August 2015, it sent Redstone on a “precipitous deterioration” of his mental and physical health, the filing says.
“After Ms Holland left, Mr Redstone became a living ghost,” the lawsuit alleges.
But Redstone's attorney, Gabrielle Vidal, told Reuters the lawsuit was baseless and that Herzer had taken the action so that she would be in a better position to dispute Redstone's will when he died.
“It is a meritless action, riddled with lies, and a despicable invasion of his privacy. It proves only that Ms Herzer will stop at nothing to pursue her personal financial agenda,” Vidal said. “Herzer's claim that she filed this lawsuit out of concern for Mr Redstone is preposterous.”
His doctor, Richard Gold, visited him on Monday, the lawyers said, when Redstone “seemed to be his usual self”. While Gold called Redstone's speech “substantially impaired”, he said his patient was able to make his own medical decisions.
After his death, Redstone's ownership interest in the companies will be overseen by a group of seven trustees, including his daughter Shari Redstone and Viacom chief executive Philippe Dauman.
The filings also claim that Shari and her father are estranged.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas chairs a Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) executive committee meeting in the West Bank city of Ramallah, May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Mohamad Torokman
RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Saturday retracted his allegation that Israeli rabbis had called for the poisoning of Palestinian water, a remark that had drawn strong condemnation from Israel's prime minister.
“After it became evident that the alleged statements by a rabbi on poisoning Palestinian wells, reported by various media outlets, are baseless, President Abbas has affirmed that he didn't intend to harm Judaism or to offend Jewish people around the world,” part of a statement by Abbas's office said.
The Western-backed Palestinian leader made the remarks in a speech to the European parliament in Brussels on Thursday, as he condemned Israeli actions against Palestinians amid stalled peace talks, which collapsed in 2014..
Abbas's speech received a standing ovation from European lawmakers, but his allegation about the water poisoning drew strong condemnation from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who termed it a “blood libel.”
For Jews, allegations of water poisoning strike a bitter chord. In the 14th century, as plague swept across Europe, false accusations that Jews were responsible for the disease by deliberately poisoning wells, led to massacres of Jewish communities.
Thrifty librarian Robert Morin made headlines after he donated his $4 million estate to his alma mater and employer, the University of New Hampshire. Now, the university faces criticism for deciding to use $1 million of his donation to buy an electronic football scoreboard.
Critics say that it is a misuse of money that could be better used for academic or library development purposes. A UNH official says that the plans for the donation respect Mr. Morin's wishes.
“Unrestricted gifts give the university the ability to use the funds for our highest priorities and emerging opportunities," said UNH vice president of advancement Deborah Dutton in a press release. "This is an extraordinary gift that comes at a critical time for launching a number of initiatives that are only able to move forward because of his generosity.”
Of the $4 million he donated, Morin only specified that $100,000 go to the University's library, his employer for nearly 50 years. That money will be used to grant scholarships to library work-study students, renovate a multimedia room in the library, and allow librarians to continue their education.
A further $2.5 million will go towards the creation of a career center for students, and the remaining $400,000 is yet to be put to use.
"As an alumnus, Bob would be pleased to know that a majority of his estate, $2.5 million, will help to launch an expanded and centrally located career center for our students and alumni," said UNH President Mark Huddleston in a press release. "We are committed to providing the resources needed to ensure every student achieves professional success and Bob's gift will play a major role in that effort.”
The university also noted that Morin had spent a substantial amount of the last year or more of his life watching UNH's football team on television and learning the players' names.
Still, critics of the school's decision to buy a scoreboard, say it furthers the institutional sin of spending more money on athletics than academics.
They say that while Morin may have enjoyed watching sports, he had dedicated his life to academics and librarianship - this was a man who had read every single book (besides children's books and cook books) published between 1930 and 1938. He was working towards 1940 before he passed on.
“The university clearly seems to think that it makes sense for the sports department to receive ten times the amount that Morin's own department is receiving, even after spending $25 million on a stadium renovation,” UNH graduate Claire Cortese wrote in a blog post. “The school also just recently spent almost $2 million on a new student athlete center, and $4.5 million to build a new outdoor pool.”
It is often difficult to disentangle the factors that draw students to one university over another. For some students, academics reign supreme. For others, a thriving football team is a prerequisite for an engaging college atmosphere. But only at a two dozen schools around the country, do athletics programs take in more money than they draw out of university coffers, according the the NCAA.
Yet while studies show that at most schools, athletics do not take in nearly enough to offset spending, many students aren't going to libraries for their books. Just nine percent of students using university libraries for their books now, according to a study by Project Information Literacy. Most students now use the facilities as a quiet spot for online research and to print out papers.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The UNH scoreboard controversy prompted a wide array of spending suggestions. For example, Ms. Cortese suggests that the $1 million could have been better spent on scholarships for students, research grants, and student meal plans. Others wrote on the school's Facebook page that they money could have gone towards procuring more computers for the library.
Although university officials are not sure yet whether or not Morin will be commemorated by name on the scoreboard or the career center, school officials say that there will be a bench near to the library dedicated to his memory.
Description:
The Tanzania Human Development Report (THDR) 2017 “Social Policy in the Context of Economic Transformation in Tanzania” builds on the ideas put forward by THDR 2014. In recent years, Tanzania's approach to economic development has placed renewed emphasis upon the importance of economic transformation in driving poverty reduction and prosperity. The term “economic transformation” refers to a structural change in the economy, characterized by a lesser contribution to GDP from the agricultural sector and greater contributions from the industrial and service sectors, and accompanied by a demographic transition from high birth and death rates to low birth and death rates. In light of the importance of economic transformation accorded in Tanzania, THDR 2014 addressed the theme “Economic Transformation for Human Development”. A major premise of THDR 2014 was that for economic transformation to work for human development, the transformation process must go hand-in-hand with the creation of decent jobs, income growth and social provisioning. THDR 2017 therefore aims to build on the previous report by analyzing the space of social policy and social provisioning in Tanzania's ongoing process of economic transformation. The report comprises four chapters and a statistical annex. The first chapter provides a snapshot of the status and progress of human development in Tanzania. The second chapter discusses the space of social policy in economic transformation. The third chapter offers a historical perspective on the integration of social and economic policies in Tanzania's policy landscape since the country's independence. The fourth chapter then assesses the challenges that need to be confronted and opportunities to be tapped by Tanzania's Government to make social policy not only an end but a means for achieving sustained economic transformation with human development. The statistical annex provides a rich overview of key indicators/indices of social, economic and human development.
Stanley Ntagali, the Archbishop of Uganda, has disclosed that he will not attend the next meeting of Anglican leaders citing the gradual acceptance of same-sex marriage by the church.
The 62-year-old who also doubles as Bishop of the Ugandan capital, Kampala, in an interview with the BBC said he was not prepared to engage with people who took ‘an unbiblical view of marriage.'
He made the comments after joining the global leader of the church, Justin Welby – Archbishop of Canterbury – to visit refugee camps in the country's north. Welby is on an African tour that saw him visit Sudan where he declared the 39th province of the church in Khartoum.
The next meeting of the church's global leadership is slated for October this year in England but Ntagali says he will not take part – a decision supported fully by senior clergy of the local church.
The Archbishop made an early exit from the last leaders meeting held in January 2016, citing the same issue as reason for his action. Two of the church's main branches have elected to support same-sex marriage in the recent past – the Scottish and Canadian Episcopal Churches.
Ugandan laws and the crackdown on same-sex relationships
Last year alone, Ugandan security forces cracked down on gay rights activists. First in August as police raided a night club where a gay pride event was underway and arrested at least 15 people, accusing them of staging an illegal gathering and promoting homosexuality.
A month later, a planned gay parade was stopped by police. Authorities argued that such gatherings were illegal under Uganda's penal code.
The armed policemen blocked over 100 LGBT people from staging the annual event at two separate locations outside the capital, Kampala. Patrons were ordered into the vehicles and driven to Kampala for questioning. They were later set free without any charges.
In 2009, a Ugandan lawmaker introduced a bill that prescribed the death penalty for some homosexual acts, saying he wanted to protect Ugandan children.
The proposed bill prompted international condemnation. A less severe version of the bill passed by lawmakers was rejected by a Ugandan court as unconstitutional.
Image: Canadian Film Centre/Flickr
A major report on the state of Canadian science research and funding is calling for gender targets and quotas to help address the lack of diversity that still pervades the academic fields of science, technology, engineering and math, collectively known as STEM. It's also tackling the long-simmering problem of young researchers in Canada, who've felt shut out of federal funding schemes—problems the report authors see as critically entwined.
Now that the recommendations have been made, the ball is in the government's court. It's up to Justin Trudeau and his team to decide how to address them.
It's no secret that there are fewer women than men in the sciences, although that's gradually changing. The Fundamental Science Review—more commonly called the Naylor report after its author, former University of Toronto president David Naylor—was commissioned to seek feedback from Canadian researchers on how to optimize the way they do their work.
Among its recommendations are policies that would incorporate gender equity quotas, alongside ways to encourage more of the 1.5 million Canadians with Indigenous roots into academia. The federal science review calls for a $1.3 billion boost for science funding.
As for its focus on diversity specifically, "there's certainly a lot of good will about an increase of diversity in the community," Anne Wilson, professor at Laurier University and member of the review's advisory council, told me at the announcement. "So, it's not like we're pushing against a brick wall of people who really don't want to see that happen. A lot of the ways in which it hasn't occurred yet are kind of unintentional."
As an example, both the Canadian Research Chairs (or CRCs) and the Canadian Excellence Research Chairs (CERCs), programs that attract top talent to Canada through research funding, have "inexplicable discrepancies," according to the report. As of right now, 26 of the active 27 CERCs are men and 30 percent of CRCs are women, up from 14 percent in its early years.
The plight of young researchers in Canada, who felt shut out of research funding bodies in favour of their more established peers, has been under the microscope lately too, and the report treats these issues as connected. "Gender gaps are a particular concern, as is the plight of early career researchers (ECRs)," the Naylor report reads. "Given demographic trends, enhancing the opportunities for ECRs will also improve the prospects for women and other underrepresented groups, including racialized groups."
Read More: No Country for Young Scientists
The authors think that a change in how gender and diversity is handled in the academic community would result in more early career researchers (who are often young and unestablished, making their positions more precarious) sticking it out in their chosen fields. The report also acknowledges the need for balance between older generations of scientists and newer cohorts, because there's no longer a mandatory age of retirement.
The report's main recommendation was the creation of a National Advisory Council on Research and Innovation. It would serve as a federal review of all science-related efforts in Canada. With a more centralized approach, deliberate actions could be taken to reduce the imbalance of genders and under-represented members of society, including Indigenous people.
Kathleen Walsh, interim executive director of the nonprofit Evidence For Democracy, is encouraged by the fact that diversity has been prioritized. "I don't believe we've seen a call for hard equity targets and quotas before," Walsh told me over the phone. "And certainly, it's timely as this government seems to be very committed to gender equality."
The NDP's science critic, Burnaby South MP Kennedy Stewart, questioned whether Trudeau had "the guts" to follow through on the report's recommendations for gender quotas.
All these discussed points are still suggestions, it's important to remember. There was no sign of the Minister of Science, Kirsty Duncan, at the announcement event, and beyond a release expressing excitement at the long-awaited publication of the Naylor report, no commitments were made by the government to turn any of this into actual policy.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
The winter is kind this morning on the vast, mournful emptiness of the steppe.
The sun rises into a cloudless sky over a dry, frozen earth.
Crunching into the frost, a Ukrainian soldier approaches for our passports at a checkpoint. “You are from Europe, then?”
But it is far more statement than question.
“You tell them we need arms – or you will have world war three here. Believe me, Putin will not stop.”
Read more: Ukraine: Minsk is not what matters
If reports from the Ukrainian military are credible, Putin is indeed not stopping. Fifty tanks and 40 missile systems crossed from Russia into east Ukraine overnight, even as the Minsk talks were grinding along.
The Ukrainians say they entered Russia via the Izvaryne border crossing into the separatist Luhansk region.
“The enemy continues to strengthen its forces in the most dangerous areas, especially north east Luhansk in the direction of Debaltseve,” spokesman Andriy Lysenko said in his daily briefing yesterday.
Amnesty International says it remains deeply concerned for civilians trapped by the fighting in and around Debaltseve, with both sides now given till midnight Saturday to grab any land they can by any means necessary, under the proposed Minsk peace deal.
And after that, who knows? But the situation is certainly very much more complex than the simplistic Big Bad Putin mantra so often heard in the west.
Putin is undoubtedly long on aggression, short on nuance. But he is playing to a receptive audience at home in all this, and his argument that Nato – a hostile force – has unreasonably expanded eastward to threaten Russia, certainly bears scrutiny.
Put that against the eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions of Ukraine, where so many people are ethnic Russians, and you begin to see why the notion that this is simply a Moscow land-grab is one-dimensional.
Equally, Putin's tactics become increasingly ludicrous. On the one hand, the denials that any Russian forces are in Ukraine, on the other the manifest presence of Russian-speaking, well-equipped, disciplined soldiers with modern tanks and sophisticated missile systems, is all dismissed by Moscow as “mere volunteers”.
Follow @alextomo on Twitter
A powdered form of alcohol called Palcohol is now approved for sale in the United States, but how safe is this product?
Some health experts say they are concerned that powered alcohol could be abused by minors, or could be more easily hidden and consumed in places where people are not allowed to have alcohol. But others argue that there is no reason the drug would be more hazardous than liquid alcohol.
On Tuesday, the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau approved Palcohol, a powdered alcohol that people can drink by mixing the product with water, according to the company.
So far, the company has approval to sell four flavors: vodka, rum, cosmopolitan and Powderita (a margarita flavor),according to the Associated Press. When a packet of Palcohol is mixed with 6 ounces (177 milliliters) of water, the resulting drink has the same alcohol content as a standard mixed drink, the company says.
Palcohol's maker expects to begin selling the product this summer. [The Drug Talk: 7 New Tips for Today's Parents]
However, a number of states are taking steps to ban the product, including Colorado, New York and Rhode Island. It is already banned in South Carolina, Louisiana and Vermont, according to the Wall Street Journal. And powered alcohol cannot be sold in Massachusetts, because the state defines an alcoholic beverage as a liquid, according to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Alcohol Beverages Control Commission.
Lawmakers are expressing concern that Palcohol could be more easily transported than liquid alcohol, and thus sneaked into places where alcohol is not allowed. "There are very serious concerns about the illegal use of powdered alcohol by young people, possibly even bringing it into schools or other events and locations that prohibit alcohol consumption," New York State Senator Joseph Griffo, said in a statement last year. There are also concerns about the health risks of people snorting the powered alcohol, Griffo said.
But a packet of Palcohol is much harder to conceal" than liquid alcohol, the company making Palcohol says on its website. A packet of the substance measures 4 inches by 6 inches (10.2 centimeters by 15.2 cm), which is five times bigger than a 50-milliliter (1.7 ounces) bottle of liquid alcohol. "Alcohol in any format is subject to abuse if someone is determined to do so," the website says.
In addition, people would likely not want to snort the powder because it would burn, and it would take about an hour to snort enough of the powder to be equivalent to one shot of vodka, the website says.
And Palcohol will be subject to the same rules as liquid alcohol, so people will need to be age 21 or older to buy it, the company says.
However, experts remain concerned about the potential for teens to misuse the product. "Youths are going to be very vulnerable to this," said Dr. Scott Krakower, assistant unit chief of psychiatry at Zucker Hillside Hospital in New York. The flavored powders may appeal to young people, Krakower said.
And because the product is a powder that people can mix into a drink themselves, teens may ingest higher amounts of the powered alcohol, or they may mix it with other powered drugs, which could be hazardous, Krakower told Live Science.
And because Palcohol is a powder, "people will snort it," even if the company argues that there are downsides to doing so, Krakower said.
Henry Spiller, director of the Central Ohio Poison Center at Nationwide Children's Hospital, said he is concerned that parents might not lock up the packets as they would bottle of alcohol. "We see a million children poisoned a year just from stuff around the house," Spiller told Live Science. "We're afraid these packages may be on the kitchen counter, somewhere available like that."
If a young child got a hold of a packet of powered alcohol, he or she might consume as much as a shot of alcohol, Spiller said. However, the child would likely not consume more than that, because the experience would not be pleasant.
The powder would create a burning sensation, and would form a gel-like substance when it came in contact with the moisture of the mouth. "It gets gummy and nasty pretty quickly, and the child will be very unhappy, but they would have already ingested the alcohol while all this is happening," Spiller said.
But Brandon Korman, chief of neuropsychology at Miami Children's Hospital, said that at this point, there is not enough evidence to say that powered alcohol is any more of a concern than liquid alcohol.
"Alcohol by itself definitely has its own share of traps and hazards," Korman said. But "I don't see this yet as any more or less dangerous" than liquid alcohol, Korman said.
He added that it is the responsibility of parents to keep powered alcohol, "like any other dangerous substance, out of the reach and away and access of children."
Although there might be some people who abuse the product, this does not mean it should be banned, Korman argued. "People are going to find ways to abuse pretty much anything," Korman said.
Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
From time to time I find myself in various meetings with state transportation officials or proponents of Greenlight Pinellas or some other group involved in traffic issues throughout our fair hamlet, and invariably one thought keeps creeping into my head as I listen to all these grand visions for wider lanes, choo-choos chugging hither and yon, and even driverless cars eventually dominating the roadways.
As wonderful and Jetson-like as all these scenarios are, it has occurred to me that by the time any of these ideas actually comes to fruition, I will likely be dead. Except for one. If all goes according to plan, it is actually, remotely possible that by the time I am about to enter full-blown dotage, it might be possible to get from one side of Tampa Bay to the other by ferry.
A few days ago the U.S. Department of Transportation approved a $4.8 million grant for Hillsborough Area Regional Transit to begin developing ferry routes connecting southern Hillsborough County, downtown Tampa, MacDill Air Force Base and downtown St. Petersburg.
The ferry has been the longtime dream of former Hillsborough County Commissioner Ed Turanchik, which replaced his longtime dream to create a mass transit system, which replaced his longtime dream to attract the Summer Olympics to Tampa Bay. This suggests that Turanchik is either a visionary or he simply sleeps a great deal.
Nevertheless, a few months ago Turanchik began promoting the idea of a ferry service. He might be the first contemporary public figure to have finally noticed there was this big body of water between Tampa and St. Petersburg that might well accommodate moving people around on a boat, instead of expanding I-275 to 36 lanes.
The total cost of getting the ferries up and sailing is estimated to be $24 million, so the federal contribution is certainly a nice chunk of startup change. Hillsborough County still needs to come up with the rest of the money and indeed, if the SS Kriseman ever actually makes it to St. Petersburg as a port of call, it's likely Pinellas County would have to kick in a few dollars to help the project along.
Since the Tampa Bay area is the last remaining major urban area in the country without a mass transit system, it also only makes perverse sense that this region would also be among the last not to take advantage of the water as a commuter platform. Other cities — New York, Seattle, Portland — all make use of ferries.
As one who spends hours a day driving on — or better yet, sitting on — I-275 to get back and forth to work, at this point I would look favorably on a giant zip-line to get across Tampa Bay if it would reduce my commute time, which is about the same exciting length as My Dinner With Andre only without the action sequences.
And here's the best news. Organizers say the ferry could be up and running by October 2016, about the same time I become eligible for Social Security. Around here, that qualifies as progress at a breakneck pace.
Image caption The iPad 2 went on sale in China last month
A teenager in China has sold one of his kidneys in order to buy an iPad 2, Chinese media report.
The 17-year-old, identified only as Little Zheng, told a local TV station he had arranged the sale of the kidney over the internet.
The story only came to light after the teenager's mother became suspicious.
The case highlights China's black market in organ trafficking. A scarcity of organ donors has led to a flourishing trade.
Deep red scar
It all started when the high school student saw an online advert offering money to organ donors.
Illegal agents organised a trip to the hospital and paid him $3,392 (£2,077) after the operation.
With the cash the student bought an iPad 2, as well as a laptop.
When his mother noticed the computers and the deep red scar on his body, which was caused by the surgery, Little Zheng confessed.
In 2007, Chinese authorities banned organ trafficking and have introduced a voluntary donor scheme to try to combat the trade.
We are in a time where technology and social media's run our life. Everyone is all about getting the latest and greatest social media app. There are so many apps out there to update our friends, family members, acquaintances, and strangers on.
Being able to tell or show them what you just ate, your current location, what you are doing, who is with you and so many other things. We share the latest drama or gossip, funny videos and articles with and without controversy. Nowadays, there is not really anything we do not share.
How many times do you look around and see kids always with a device of some sort; whether it is a tablet, iPad, iPhone, etc. at the age of 8 or possibly even younger?
When kids have those devices, it allows them to use and have a social media account. When you think about whom kids or people in general and others follow on social media, who normally does everyone follow?
Everyone follows their friends, acquaintances, family members, and most likely their favorite athletes or people he or she looks up to. Those athletes could be either local or professional athletes. People are so willing to put things on their social media's and open up online; now it is just a matter of what is getting put online.
The thing that seems to be a trend is to tweet, Instagram, Facebook, Snap Chat, or whatever the newest and latest form of social media is out there, about what you are doing in the gym to get better.
My question is why do athletes feel the need to post about it while it is "happening"?
Why can't athletes just get in the gym or go to the field without having to tell people about it? Now this is not to be mistaken for posting about it after the workout has been completed or someone else taking a picture/video for you.
I am talking about the ones that are getting shots up and posting videos with the shooting gun in the background or filming the shooting gun firing at them and shooting. Now how in the world are you getting better holding your phone in one hand and shooting 15 footers with the other?
That does not seem like a way to get better or even become game-like. You not only get better on the court but off the court. The weight room is a vital tool for athletes to use and take advantage in. Many times you will see people using their phones or taking pictures of themselves in the mirrors with weights in the background, or in their hands.
Taking a "selfie" while working out is just telling people that you care about the wrong things. I'm sure you look adorable in your workout clothes and your muscles look really good in the lighting; however, I do not think people really care to see what the inside of the locker room or bathroom looks like.
Put the phone down or in your pocket so your music can still play (if that is what you do) and just get better. Not for other people; for yourself and your team.
I am in total support of athletes putting in work on their respective surfaces, but I just do not understand having to tell other people about it. Whatever happened to good old fashion work, where no social media was involved, and you just did the work? I love the quote by one of the greatest coaches John Wooden, "The true test of a man's character is what he does when no one is watching".
If you are getting better for yourself, you do not need anyone watching, or you do not need to tell people about it. If you are one of those players putting in the work and NOT telling everyone about it, good for you! Let your game do the talking and showing. If you show up improved, then no one will have to ask you about what you have been up to; he or she will just know.
SpongeBob seen as threat to children in Kazakhstan
Officials at the education department of Kazakhstan crack down on a famous cartoon character. The head of the Committee for the Protection of Children's Rights of the Ministry of Education and Science of Kazakhstan, Zabira Orazalieva, stated that cartoon character SpongeBob sets a bad example to children of Kazakhstan, local media said.
"In the cartoon series "SpongeBob SquarePants", SpongeBob beats his neighbor, acts like a hooligan and feels happy about it. This disruptive behavior produces an impression on children. Children consider SpongeBob's behavior fun and they try to bring it to their everyday life afterwards," the official said.
Orazalieva stressed out that parents need to control the time that children spend watching TV. The cartoons, which let children realize that one can mock and humiliate other people and receive no punishment for that, must be restricted for viewing, the official said.
In April, Saudi Arabia issued its largest ever Sharia-compliant bond on the Irish Stock Exchange. The $9 billion Islamic bond, or Sukuk, was wildly oversubscribed, attracting more than $33 billion in orders.
But just what is Islamic finance, what is a Sukuk and why are they proving so attractive to investors outside the Islamic world?
Image: Gulf News
What is it?
The most obvious difference when compared with Western banks is that Islamic finance is forbidden to charge interest.Under Sharia law, money is only a way of defining the value of something and has no value in itself. Therefore, money isn't allowed to generate more money by being put into a bank account or lent to someone else.
Instead, banks make their money by sharing the risk of their investments with investors, operating on a profit-loss basis.
So rather than making money by offering loans or mortgages and charging an interest rate on them, a sharia-compliant bank would use its depositors' money to acquire assets, and then share any profits made on those assets with the depositors.
Have you read? Could Islamic finance help solve development challenges?
Because the bank is sharing the risk of investments with its depositors, high degrees of uncertainty – known as ghara – are not allowed. All possible risks must be identified to investors, and all relevant information disclosed.
Another condition of Islamic finance is that these investments must be made in things that exist in the real world, such as properties or businesses – although the businesses must not be associated with gambling, alcohol or tobacco.
These investments must be made on an ownership basis, to avoid the risk of future unavailability.
What is a Sukuk?
A Sukuk is a sharia-compliant bond. Whereas Western bonds offer to pay bondholders a rate of interest over a set period of time, Sukuks offer a fixed rate of profit.
Saudi Arabia's record-breaking Sukuk was split into two tranches: a five-year bond paying investors 2.89%, and a 10-year bond paying a profit rate of 3.63%.
Sukuks come in a variety of forms, with Al-Ijara being one of the most common structures.
The Al-ljara structure is essentially Islamic finance's version of a lease. Under an Al-ljara Sukuk, ownership of the asset is transferred to the bondholder and the asset are leased back to the issuer, with the bondholder charging a “rent” for use of the asset during the time period of the bond. At the end of the time-period, when the bond reaches maturity, ownership of the asset transfers back to the issuer.
It was the Al-ljara structure of Sukuk that the UK government chose to use when it became the first government of a country outside of the Islamic world to issue a Sharia-compliant sovereign bond in 2014.
The £200 million Sukuk was underpinned by three UK government properties.
During the five-year period of the bond, bondholders effectively take ownership of the properties and charge the UK government rent for using the properties. This rent translates into a 2.036% fixed rate of profit for bondholders.
When the bond matures in 2019, ownership of the properties will pass back to the UK government.
Why are they so popular?
Despite being sized at just £200 million, the UK government Sukuk in 2014 attracted orders totalling £2.3 billion.
In part this popularity forms part of a wider trend across the capital markets, where investors unsure of global growth have flocked to the relative stability of bond investments. Sovereign bonds are proving particularly popular, with a German bond auction in 2016 attracting so much demand that it paid a negative yield. Investors were willing to lose money, to pay for the privilege of German stability in an uncertain world.
The growth in Sukuks' popularity can also be traced back to the global financial crisis in 2008.
Kamal Munir, associate professor of strategy and policy at Cambridge University's Judge Business School, writes that Islamic finance's emphasis on equity and investment in the real economy provides “a stable and productive banking sector”.
“Rather than providing a lucrative financial alternative to investing in the real economy, Islamic banking complements and strengthens the latter,” Munir says. “It ensures that financial capital does not lead to artificially bloated asset prices. Instead, it is made to work in the real economy, on real projects.”
Outspoken. Opinionated. Political and a great American.
Donald Trump? No, rather another person who has graced the WWWF/WWE ring, takes pride in his country — and has run for office — former champion Bob Backlund.
His political beliefs and staunch opinions came to the front toward the end of his wrestling career, when he went from Bob Backlund to Mr. Backlund. A character that wasn't as much heel as it was himself.
Article continues below ...
"It was a good thing for me to do because it brought me out of my shyness," Backlund said last week by phone from Connecticut as his autobiography "Backlund: From All-American Boy to Professional Wrestling's World Champion" was to be released. "Everybody said that I couldn't do a promo. When I was Bob Backlund, because Vince wanted me to do an All-American Boy promo, and I don't know if they were good or not but that's what they were. Some people in the business made fun of me because of those promos. I was just doing my job."
That job changed drastically with the heel turn.
As Mr. Backlund, I truly believed in what I was saying. I believed in every word that I said. I believed that society had fallen off a cliff morally compared to the '80s. Bob Backlund
"When I became Mr. Backlund, those laughs were silenced because people found out that I could do a promo," said Backlund, who reigned from 1978-83. "As Mr. Backlund, I truly believed in what I was saying. I believed in every word that I said. I believed that society had fallen off a cliff morally compared to the '80s.
"I believed that people should be held responsible for their own actions. And I believed that hard work and dedication paid off. I also felt that it was all right to have people have to recite the Presidents of the United States to me because it would encourage them to study and to remember important things."
The in-ring character soon became Backlund's persona.
"I was intense because I believed every word that came out of my mouth" Backlund, 66, said. "It may have come out in a weird way but I was honestly trying to help society.
Mr. Backlund
"When I got out of my hometown of Glastonbury, Connecticut, I became ‘Mr. Backlund' and if someone did not call me Mr. Backlund I just kept walking. I demanded respect because I believe that in life that respect is so important, especially for kids to respect others. That's why I say "Sir" a lot because I believe it's important to respect your fellow man. And when you give respect you might get it back."
Backlund deserved more respect from some within the wrestling business than he received. Some at WWE felt he had little charisma and was miscast. Some of his peers were jealous of Backlund's near six-year run as the "leading man" — aka the top babyface — in the most lucrative pro wrestling territory in the world, now known as World Wrestling Entertainment.
Immense pressure came with being the "top guy," when it came to selling tickets to live events and generating profits for one's company in the days before pay per view and mass merchandising.
"Sometimes when a guy is on top he isn't given the credit when the houses are good. When the houses aren't good the top guy gets all the blame," Backlund said. "I think Bruno Sammartino put it the best when he said if the top guy gets the blame when the houses are down then he should get the credit when the houses (ticket sales) are up. Bruno also said if Bob Backlund hadn't been drawing he wouldn't have been there. When Vince Sr. told me how long I was going to have the title, if I hadn't sold tickets I would have gone to him and said that I don't deserve this (the title belt) and given it back to him."
As for losing the WWWF title, which he did to the Iron Sheik in 1983, Backlund has no regrets but wishes it could have been handled differently.
<
"I wish I had been better informed on how things were going to end but Vince Sr. was battling cancer and the communication wasn't as good for me as when he was there," he remembered. "No one came to me and explained what was going to happen in just a few words. I just did not know what was happening whereas before I always knew what was happening with every promoter that I had worked for.
"But overall I have no regrets."
The number of times an individual has been "world champion"' is often used in storylines. For my money, the number of title reigns a wrestler has pales in comparison to the number of years a talent carries the title. Bruno Sammartino held the WWWF Championship for an amazing eight years during his first reign; Backlund held the coveted title almost six years, feats that will likely never be approached again.
Backlund wrestled the best wrestlers in the world, many with unique styles, guys of all sizes and skill sets, but there is one name active today who has certainly caught the attention of the former All-American defensive end and national wrestling champion at North Dakota State University — titles that Backlund won within an amazing five-week span — and that's fellow Minnesotan Brock Lesnar.
"Geez, he's a great performer and I would have loved to have gotten in the ring and do a battle with him some way or another," Backlund said almost with glee. "He's an amazing person and he's got a look that is a gift from God. The power that he has, the strength that he has and his facial expressions, he's really a natural for the business. A match with him would have been pretty awesome."
"I would have loved to have seen who would have been able to pick up who in a short arm scissors during our match," Backlund added with a legit competitive tone in his voice. "I would have loved to have wrestled Brock to just see how strong that he really is. He's at the top of the list of the men that I never got to wrestle."
Another icon Backlund reveres is the legendary Danny Hodge.
"Well, I met Danny Hodge when I first got started down in Oklahoma. … You can't really put anyone ahead of him. He had that grip strength and hand power that he could make most men submit by simply grabbing them around the wrist. He was unbelievable."
With Backlund, as opposed to the Mr. Backlund persona, it all comes back to the good.
"I read a book in 2005 called ‘Think and Grow Rich' that changed my life," he said "In my book, I list my 18 principles to success which are the keys to my life. I hope that my book helps people get geared for the future and the future is where it's at. I truly want to help people live happier lives, especially young people."
To book Bob Backlund go to www.bookprowrestlers.com. To purchase his book, click here.
Jim Ross on Twitter @JRsBBQ, listen to him on the Ross Report Podcast, and see him live at RINGSIDE: An Evening with Jim Ross. JR's products are also available online at wweshop.com,americansoda.co.uk and beyondtheropes.co.uk
(Image by polimerican) Details DMCA
- Advertisement -
Don't look to Barry Goldwater or Milton Friedman, even Ronald Reagan, to explain why addled fundamentalists, like zombies surfacing from the 1925 Scopes Monkey Trial, disparage learning, expertise, and reason. Every pitch-fork mob figures what it doesn't know will hurt them -- and the more foreign and un-American, the greater the threat to closed minds in diminished worlds.
After all, Tea Party gangs can't intimidate the "despotic" Federal Reserve like it does Obama or Congress. Hear the whispers? What sort of alien name is Bernanke, anyway? When disturbed and confused by complex reality, authoritarian personalities just say no -- then amp up the bullying mean-spiritedness.
- Advertisement -
Trust Groucho the great philosopher of "Horse Feathers" to nail today's destructive negative feedback loop (singing):
Whatever it is, I'm against it. No matter what it is or who commenced it, I'm against it.
- Advertisement -
Your proposition may be good, But let's have one thing understood, Whatever it is, I'm against it.
And even when you've changed it or condensed it, I'm against it.
While logicians posit "you can't prove a negative," don't tell Rick Perry or Michele Bachmann -- whose campaigns of fury are one long negative feedback loop. Can derange "nattering nabobs of negativism" (per Spiro Agnew) actually win a national primary by having no ideas, just being "hysterical hypochondriacs of history"? Against this TP crusade to dismantle the last century, the White House Weakling comes across as pitchman for positivism, a Pollyanna stuck arguing "things can't get worse" (into double-dip recession).
Yes, they can. And will, with our leaders. Whatever -- here's the deck-clearing negation nutcases are selling, a heaven on earth for the braying Bachmann-Perry clan:
- Advertisement -
No tax increases, no regulations, no income tax, no Federal Reserve, No abortions, nor labor, gay, minority, women's nor civil rights.
No separation of church-state, no immigration, No Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, No unemployment insurance or retraining funds, No federal aid to education, research, or health care.
In short, the government roughly in effect soon after God -- or was it Columbus, no, Vikings -- discovered America, when nothing but native arrows to impede unregulated, predatory expansions. Beyond Bachmann, Perry makes clear exactly what his pious flock favors -- America as exceptional Christian Nation, God's imperial fortress armed to the teeth to battle incalculable enemies until the Rapture blasts secular liberalism, Muslims, Jews, evolution and climate change .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
Valve's announced Steam Family Sharing, a new feature that allows friends and family members to share their library of games among each other on Steam. It'll launch in “limited beta” capacity next week. Those interested can apply for inclusion in the beta by hitting up Valve's site.
Those that enable Family Sharing can authorize access to their library on up to 10 devices. According to the FAQ, which we've republished below, some titles that rely on third-party authentication schemes such as a “third-party key, account, or subscription” may not be eligible. Additionally, any one game title can only be played from a single device at a time, presumably to prevent abuse.
Once games are shared across accounts, accessing them is completely transparent — it's as if you own the title. You'll be able to earn Steam achievements and have your own personal cloud space for saves.
I want to try this! How can I join the Family Sharing Beta?
To express interest in beta participation, join the Family Sharing Group on the Steam community. The Family Sharing beta will begin in about a week, when a thousand Steam accounts from this group will be granted access to share their Steam libraries. You'll know you've been selected when you receive an email from Steam inviting you to try out the new feature.
How do I enable Family Sharing on my computer?
Family Sharing is enabled in one of two ways: You can either locally enable sharing in Account Settings, with Family Sharing & Devices, or remotely respond to a user's Steam request to share your previously installed games via email.
Is there a limit to the number of devices I can authorize sharing my Library?
Yes. A Steam account may authorize Family Sharing on up to 10 devices at a given time.
Can I share specific games, or do I have to share my whole library?
Libraries are shared and borrowed in their entirety.
Can all Steam games be shared with friends and family?
No, due to technical limitations, some Steam games may be unavailable for sharing. For example, titles that require an additional third-party key, account, or subscription in order to play cannot be shared among friends and family.
Can a friend and I share a library and both play at the same time?
No, a shared library may only be accessed by one user at a time.
When I authorize a device to lend my library to others, do I limit my own ability to access and play my games?
As the lender, you may always access and play your games at any time. If you decide to start playing when a friend is already playing one of your games, he/she will be given a few minutes to either purchase the game or quit playing.
Sometimes the games I've borrowed are unavailable for me to play. Why?
Borrowed games are only available on computers that have been authorized by the lender. A borrowed game will not be available on a computer running an OS unsupported by that game. Borrowed games may also be unavailable if the lender's library is currently in use on another computer.
Who owns the DLC and in-game content associated with a borrowed title?
A borrower will have access to the lender's DLC, but borrowers may not purchase DLC for a base game they don't own. Any player may purchase, trade, earn, or otherwise acquire in-game content while playing a game, but in-game items cannot be shared between accounts. These items remain associated with the account that purchased or acquired them, whether borrowing or lending the base game.
Can region-restricted content be shared across regions?
No, any region restrictions will remain in place when borrowing or lending content.
Will I be punished for any cheating or fraud conducted by other users while playing my games?
Your Family Sharing privileges may be revoked if your library is used by borrowers to conduct cheating or fraud. We recommend you only authorize familiar computers you know to be secure.
Every three years, the American Public Transportation Association holds an event it calls the APTA EXPO. For its 2026 EXPO, the trade group for the "bus, rapid transit and commuter rail systems industry" had put Dallas on its list of possible destinations, according to city officials, who estimated the event would generate more than $40 million in economic activity.
Then the "bathroom bill" began moving forward in the Texas Legislature. That prompted the association to warn the Dallas Convention and Visitors Bureau that it may be out of the running for an event nine years in the future.
“We are looking at several cities for our EXPO and Dallas is one city under consideration," Lenay Gore, the association's senior director of meetings and trade shows, told the Tribune. "If the law passes, we would not consider Texas for any future meetings.”
The group is just one of dozens of trade organizations, businesses and sports associations that have reached out to officials in Texas cities in recent months as the "bathroom bill" has drawn national attention. Tourism officials in the state's four biggest cities — Austin, Dallas, Houston and San Antonio — expect to lose at least $407 million in economic activity from missing out on potential upcoming events if the bill becomes law.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Beyond that, scores more event planners are likely to bypass Texas entirely in the future, they say.
“If this bill passes, by the time Texas feels any economic impact, it will be too late to react,” said Mike Waterman, president of the Greater Houston Convention Visitors Bureau. “You may not see a significant economic impact in 2017 or even 2018,” Waterman said. “But in 2019 you will see some and 2021, 2022 and 2023 could be potentially catastrophic.”
Senate Bill 6 — a legislative priority of Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick — would regulate bathroom use in public schools and government buildings on the basis of “biological sex,” prohibiting most transgender people from using bathrooms that align with their gender identity. The legislation would also nix local anti-discrimination laws meant to allow transgender residents to use public bathrooms that match their gender identity.
Along with concerns about discrimination, the bill has also prompted concerns about its economic impact. North Carolina saw the cancellation of national events worth millions following its passage of a similar law. A recent survey of 212 meeting planners published in Meetings & Conventions magazine revealed that about half said that laws harming the rights of LGBTQ individuals would affect their site selection decisions.
Patrick has said the bill is addressing an important public safety issue.
“The bill is about public safety and the privacy of teenagers who don't want to shower together in the 10th grade," Patrick said.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
He and other supporters have argued that predictions of a potential negative economic impact if the bill becomes law have been wildly exaggerated.
“There is no evidence whatsoever that the passage of Senate Bill 6 would have any economic impact in Texas,” Patrick said in February, after a PolitiFact Texas report identified flaws in an economic study used by the Texas Association of Business to raise concerns about the bill.
SB 6 passed the Senate last week but faces an uncertain future in the House. Gov. Greg Abbott has not yet taken a position on the bill but has said it addresses legitimate concerns.
The Tribune reached out to tourism officials in the state's seven largest cities about the bill's potential impact.
Dallas may be poised to take the hardest hit of the state's largest cities, at least initially. Along with the American Public Transportation Association, three other groups have warned they may cancel upcoming events in the city over “bathroom bill” related-concerns, resulting in a $157 million loss to local coffers, according to city officials.
Phillip Jones, president of Visit Dallas, said another 20 organizations that might hold events in the city in the future have contacted local officials privately with concerns. All told, Dallas stands to lose at least another billion dollars in revenue from major events, especially if the city fails to secure an All-Star or Final Four game, he said.
Waterman said Houston hopes to build off the momentum of a “fairly epic year,” in which the city hosted a Final Four tournament, the Copa America soccer tournament and the Super Bowl.
“We feel SB 6 would deflate this momentum,” Waterman said.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
So far, 14 groups have expressed concerns to Houston officials, he said. The city stands to lose $100 million if the bathroom bill passes, he said.
Waterman acknowledged that language in the current bill allows private entities to regulate bathrooms during events however they choose to do so, but he said meeting planners would rather avoid the hassle.
"Most planners understand the concept, but the challenge is whether five or 50 or 500 attendees get wind of a potentially discriminatory bill, and then reach out to the meeting planner and say, 'We don't want to go to Texas,'" he said.
Waterman also said these meeting planners would have to educate their attendees about the facts of the bill and “candidly, it's work most planners don't want to have to do.”
Tom Noonan, president of the Austin visitors bureau, worries about the impact the legislation would have on the city's brand as the "Live Music Capital of the World." He said officials with two of Austin's most high-profile music events – South by Southwest and the Austin City Limits festival – have expressed concerns about artists saying they won't come and perform in Texas in the future.
So far, over 140 members of the entertainment industry have vowed to not return to Texas if SB 6 passes, Noonan noted.
“At the end of the day, I think this is bad business for the state of Texas,” Noonan said. “It's an answer looking for a problem.”
Other major Texas cities are also worried about the bathroom bill.
Robert Jameson, president of the Fort Worth visitors bureau, said he worries about the city's 20 pending proposals for NCAA collegiate championship competitions from 2018-2021 if Abbott signs SB 6. Although the the college sports governing authority has not reached out to his office directly, Jameson noted that the NCAA moved several championship games out of North Carolina in response to a similar bill.
In Arlington, where both the Dallas Cowboys and the Texas Rangers play, officials with the Convention & Visitor's Bureau are concerned how the bill's passage could impact Arlington's brand as a major sports city. Asked by the Tribune about whether the bureau was worried about the impact to the city if SB 6 becomes law, the bureau responded with an emailed statement that pointed to several major events the city has hosted in the past with national sports associations such as the NCAA and NFL that have been outspoken on their opposition to the bathroom bill.
Officials with El Paso and Corpus Christi did not respond to requests for comment.
Read related coverage from the Tribune.
The Texas Senate approved the "bathroom bill" on a 21-10 vote, after several hours of debate, last Tuesday.
The controversial legislation has made it to the House but chamber leaders are hinting that it may never reach the floor for a vote
Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick has slammed what he called a "bogus" report from the Texas Association of Business on the potential economic impact of the bill on Texas.
Disclosure: The Texas Association of Business, Austin City Limits Live and the Greater Houston Convention Visitors Bureau have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune. A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors can be viewed here.
The History Channel's miniseries depicting stories from the bible raked in huge ratings, and that's really no surprise considering that 75% of the US population identifies as Christian.
One of the stand-outs of the series, besides of course Satan resembling Obama, was the very attractive actor portraying Jesus. Where did Diogo Morgado come from?
The Bible creators Mark Burnett of Survivor and Roma Downey of Touched by an Angel found Diogo after one of their directors remembered him from another Bible-inspired project that was never released. The 33-year-old Portuguese soap star and model played Joseph in that project, but they knew they'd found their Jesus.
In an interview with The New York Post opened up about preparing for the role. He visited Jerusalem and spent time at the Wailing Wall, but ultimately determined that “You can't prepare. You aim and you pray for the best.”
As soon as he graced the screen Twitter found their chosen moniker for Diogo: #hotjesus. He's taking the overwhelming compliments about his looks with a healthy dose of humility, which of course, makes him more attractive.
When asked about his new moniker on Extra he replied “I think its good. It's nice to hear, but I'm an actor, this is what I've done for as long as I remember. A good compliment would be, ‘Look Diogo, you did a good job,' but I'm happy with the rest of it.'”
video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player
According to the show's executive producer Roma Downey by Sunday night's finale over 100 million people were estimated to have seen all five episodes of the show. Click here to buy the series.
Are you ready for Diogo to land another role?
Earlier this year we told you about a thrilling new adventure coming to Star Tours – The Adventures Continue at Disneyland park and Disney's Hollywood Studios that will place guests in the middle of an epic battle. The action takes place on the planet of Crait, which we got our first glimpse of in the teaser trailer of Star Wars: The Last Jedi earlier this year.
Today we're pleased to share that this exciting new sequence, inspired by the latest film in the Star Wars saga, will debut at Disneyland park and Disney's Hollywood Studios on November 17, at Disneyland Paris November 22, and, as previously announced, at Tokyo Disneyland December 15!
View the latest trailer below, and be sure to check back here for updates on all-things Star Wars at Disney Parks!
Are you telling the truth about your health?
“I haven't been sick in five years, unlike my meat-eating friends.”
Have you said something like this? You may have, and you may have meant well when you said it. But today I'd like to discuss how saying such things has the potential to do harm to the movement.
As veganism has crossed into mainstream consciousness, it's done so as a health topic. “Eat vegan to lose weight, to feel better, to be a vibrant green goddess.” Because of this, non-vegans have the expectation that vegans never get sick, and vegans perpetuate that expectation. It's as if having a cold or a stomach bug is scandalous: “See? Veganism isn't healthy. Why should I stop eating animals?” “You look pale. You're obviously not getting enough iron. I'm gonna stick with my steak.”
Of course it's important that we take care of ourselves. That goes for everyone, no matter what lifestyle they ascribe to. But because such a large part of being vegan is entwined with what we eat, we are somehow held more accountable.
It's the end of February, and let me confess to you: I have been sick a couple of times this year already. Not drop-dead, down-on-the-ground sick, but headaches, and cloudiness, and yes, it's been pointed out that I look even paler than usual (but in my defense, it's been snowy and freezing for what seems like forever). This has nothing to do with veganism and everything to do with the fact that my immunity tends to be lower during winter – along with my willpower to get to the gym, eat healthy foods, and stay active. I assure you that eating a hamburger or drinking a glass of cow's milk would not cure my winter ills.
And it goes beyond just a run-of-the-mill cold. Studies show that a plant-based diet significantly reduces a person's risk of major health issues such as heart disease, diabetes, and perhaps even cancer. This is great news! But it's not an absolute. Reducing risk does not mean “to zero.” You will meet vegans who have heart disease. You will meet vegans who have cancer. This does not mean that veganism is at fault. You will also meet vegans with chronic illnesses: autoimmune diseases, arthritis, asthma, recurring migraines… the list goes on. Does a healthy, plant-based diet boost your chances of lesser recurrences of flare-ups? Yes. But again, nothing is a cure-all 100% of the time. Much as with the ethical arguments surrounding it, veganism does not mean perfection in this case.
There's also a myth that all vegans are thin. As Dwight Schrute would say, false. Vegans come in all shapes and sizes. Some of us are thin, but some of us are heavier. Our weight should not be a measuring stick for whether we're “succeeding” at being vegan, and if we don't correct the assumption that weight loss is a given, we're going to get the same arguments about veganism not being worth it. After all, people are doing just fine on Atkins and the Paleo diet.
Remember, veganism is a philosophy that is about how we treat and use animals. In today's world, you can avoid animal products and still have poor eating habits. Hell, you can exclusively eat potato chips and drink soda and still be vegan. Eating junk or eating whole foods is a choice we all have to make. Any benefit to one's health is just that: a benefit. Just as downing a multivitamin with a glass of water every morning doesn't make you illness-proof, eating plants doesn't guarantee you'll be a picture of health one hundred percent of the time. You may get the flu. You may gain ten pounds. You may have thyroid disease and you may someday get cancer.
So, the next time you want to brag about your health at the expense of the meat-eaters around you, please think carefully about how you are presenting that argument. If you want to change the world for animals, then focus on the animals. While our health has its highs and lows, and while the environment is influenced by endless factors (though, yes, animal agriculture is the biggest), there is one constant in the case for veganism: animals are being exploited every day, and they need our help. That is an absolute where your health, your weight, and your chance of disease isn't.
Sen. Elizabeth took aim at Judge Neil Gorsuch in an op-ed piece published in The Boston Globe Monday, saying the Supreme Court nominee's record shows he won't defend ‘equal justice' for every American citizen.
In a piece headlined “Neil Gorsuch does not belong on the Supreme Court,” the Massachusetts Democrat said anyone “who believes in a neutral Supreme Court guided by equal justice” should oppose his nomination. Gorsuch is President Donald Trump's pick to fill Antonin Scalia's seat on the high court.
Gorsuch has taken positions that are even more extreme than his extremely conservative colleagues. When it comes to the rules that protect public health and safety, Gorsuch is more radical than Scalia was. Gorsuch believes that courts should not be required to defer to expert agency interpretations of their governing laws. If he had his way, he'd make it even easier for corporations to challenge health and safety rules that prevent them from polluting our air and water, poisoning our food, undermining public safety, or cheating people out of their hard-earned savings.
Gorsuch's Senate confirmation hearings were set to begin on Monday. Warren said while Gorsuch has an “impressive legal pedigree” and has charm and intelligence, “this is not a Miss Congeniality pageant.” She wrote:
This is a vote for a justice who will sit on the highest court in our nation for the next generation and decide cases that will touch every human being in this country. Cases about a woman's right to choose, voting rights, LGBTQ rights, secret spending in our political system, and freedom of speech and religion. The next Supreme Court justice will help determine whether our courts will serve the interests of all of us or bend to the will of the powerful moneyed few who helped place them on the court.
Advertisement
This isn't the first time Warren has made her opposition to Gorsuch clear. Within 90 minutes of his nomination announcement in January, both Sen. Ed Markey and Warren issued statements saying they would oppose his appointment to the Supreme Court.
Read Warren's full opinion at the Globe.
American wrestling icon Jimmy “Mouth of the South” Hart and English bare-knuckle boxer turned WWE nemesis Wade “Bad News” Barrett visited the Current's newsroom at American River College during a media circuit Wednesday for the upcoming “WrestleMania 31.”
Speaking with the 70-year-old Hart is a lot like trying to push a 18-wheeler truck backwards up a hill. Try as you might, you're not getting anywhere you want to go.
When asked about the recent passing of James Hellwig, also known as the “Ultimate Warrior,” Hart recalled seeing Hellwig the day before his heart attack, and said “he looked great,” a statement contrary to numerous reports that Hellwig appeared very unhealthy.
The event Hart recalled seeing Hellwig at was a Monday Night RAW broadcast, where Hellwig said the now ominous words, “Every man's heart one day beats its final beat. His lungs breathe a final breath.”
Much has been said and documented about rampant drug abuse in the wrestling business, including performance enhancing drugs, recreational drugs and painkillers, whether they were being used to help recovery or mask pain so the show could go on.
Hart was dismissive about the topic.
“I've never smoked marijuana, taken a drug … or even had coffee. That's the way I chose to live my life. Back in the old Memphis days, people would have a beer or two, but that's about it,” said Hart.
Barrett brought up the WWE's wellness policy when referring to drug and steroid use.
“The Wellness Policy often gets overlooked – I get random drug tests about four or five times a year. Every active talent on the roster all get tested for drugs and stuff like that. If you take an average cross-section of the wrestling population, say, 100, we are all passing the tests,” said Barrett.
Under the WWE's policy on drug testing, it is stated that performers will have no less than two hours notice prior to testing.
Barrett, who this year had surgery on his shoulder after separating it during a match, has had three surgeries since joining the WWE in 2007, and said any pressure to come back quicker than recommended comes from himself, and not the organization.
“I've never had a problem getting the best medical treatment the moment I had an issue,” said Barrett.
Hart was also similarly complimentary of the WWE's current protocols and treatment of performers..
Tickets for Wrestlemania 31 are available for purchase Saturday through Ticketmaster.
Friday there will be a free pre-sale party at Levi's Stadium. Fans in attendance will be able to get autographs, photos and participate in Q&A sessions.
Fans will also have the opportunity to purchase Wrestlemania tickets at the party before they go on sale to the general public.
Additional reporting by Cameron Weaver.
Conventional question: did the government's quick intervention on Wall Street last year save us from another Great Depression? Alternative question, one that I prefer: Did government intervention make matters worse? As facts about the crisis roll in, more people are beginning to answer the second question in the affirmative.
First, consider the once controversial view that the crisis was largely caused by the Fed's holding interest rates too low for too long after the 2001 recession. This view is now so widely held that the editorial pages of both the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal agree on its validity. The low interest rates fueled the housing boom, encouraging adjustable-rate mortgages and other risk-taking searches for yield, which ultimately ended with the bust, defaults and toxic assets on banks' balance sheets. This government intervention, in which the Fed deviated from a policy that had worked well for most of the 1980s and 1990s, turned out to be very harmful.
Next, consider the view that the crisis was prolonged by a misdiagnosis that led to more interventions. When the crisis first flared up, government officials argued that high interest rates in the money markets were due to a shortage of liquidity rather than to risk on the banks' balance sheets. That this was a misdiagnosis is now obvious; the weakness of banks' balance sheets is apparent to everyone. Yet the misdiagnosis led to several harmful interventions, including a sharp increase in Fed liquidity and a sudden cut in interest rates, which depreciated the dollar and led to sky-high gasoline prices and a drop in purchases of automobiles and other durables in the summer of 2008.
Now, with the recent one-year anniversary of the Lehman bankruptcy, people are discussing why the financial crisis worsened so much in the panic last fall. Many still say that the big government mistake was not stopping the failure of Lehman. I do not think the evidence supports that view. Of course the losses for Lehman's creditors and the run on certain money market funds were a jolt to the market. But far worse was the chaotic intervention by the government in the following weeks, including the Treasury Department's not very credible description of how it would remove toxic assets from banks' balance sheets, the huge amount of money it asked for with only two and a half pages of legislation and the scare stories it let loose about another Great Depression if the legislation was not passed. That the financial Armageddon stories were told to members of Congress behind closed doors and then leaked out gradually added to the fears, uncertainty and panic.
The S&P 500 was at 1252 on Sept. 12, the Friday before the Lehman bankruptcy. It initially fell with the bankruptcy news, but at the Sept. 19 close it had recovered to 1255. It was not until the following week and the frightening rollout of the toxic assets rescue plan that stock prices began to tank. They continued to sink until Oct. 10, when the S&P 500 hit 899 and the government finally clarified what the bailout money would be used for (equity injections). The same patterns are found in stock markets in Europe, Asia and Latin America.
The government interventions during this time of panic were part of a pattern of ad hoc responses starting with the Bear Stearns bailout. No guidance was given following Bear Stearns about the circumstances under which another firm, such as Lehman, would be rescued. Indeed, Timothy Geithner, who led the initial bailout as president of the New York Fed, suggested that more bailouts should be expected. So when the decision was made--without a good legal or economic reason--not to save Lehman, no one was prepared. But the problem was not the lack of intervention so much as the unpredictable, unprincipled pattern of intervention that had been followed for months, a pattern the toxic asset rescue plan revealed for the whole world to see.
This view of how government intervention led to the panic of 2008 is still controversial. Time will tell whether it will be as widely held as the previously controversial view that government interventions caused and prolonged the crisis. But as I see the facts, they are leading in that direction.
John B. Taylor, a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and professor of economics at Stanford University, is the author of Getting Off Track: How Government Actions and Interventions Caused, Prolonged, and Worsened the Financial Crisis (Hoover Press, 2009).
Special Offer: Free Trial Issue of Forbes
Allow me to introduce my swift fox Zootopian OC,, along withfrom's story The Savage Dark . She's just such an adorable ball of excitement isn't she? There is actually a fun story behind this picture, but y'all will have to wait to hear it another time.Art by- A massive thanks to him for this.---This OC actually was created about 15 years ago and was just tweaked name slightly for Zootopian conversion.For those that don't know, swift foxes only grow about as big as a large domestic cat. That makes their Zootopian size pretty much halfway between Judy/Nick. (William here could rest his chin on Judy's head if both stand up straight, and Nick could rest his chin on William's.) If you like dogs and cats, swift foxes are a bit like having both in one. Awesome little critters, go look them up!Some pictures I've taken of swift foxes:And yes, I actually own that shirt. The back, for those interested, says: Feed the Habit.EDIT: For those that want to own the shirt as well, here you go ---William F'Talis (c) me.Beth Hopps (c) Kulkum.Zootopia and its characters (c) Disney.
(Image: Brian Snyder/Reuters)
The first tests of a “factorisation factory” have beaten the record for breaking gigantic numbers down into their prime-number building blocks. It might one day force firms to strengthen their online encryption.
All non-prime numbers can be made by multiplying prime numbers together. Cryptographic algorithms use the fact that reversing-engineering this multiplication, or factorising, is very difficult for large numbers. New factorising methods are tested on huge “RSA numbers”, each of which is the product of multiplying two prime numbers, known only to encryption firm RSA Security.
Factoring a single RSA number is a massive effort, says Arjen Lenstra of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, so he and colleagues have developed a factorisation factory that can tackle multiple target numbers at once. The technique, first proposed in the 1990s, saves effort by pre-computing a massive table of equations that apply to all the target numbers, then doing additional computation for each one.
Advertisement
“You can obtain great savings per number to be factored once you have done this very large pre-computation,” says Lenstra.
Testing the technique on RSA numbers is currently too hard, so Lenstra turned to Mersenne numbers, which are always in the form 2n-1, where n is any number. These aren't important for cryptography but provide a useful test of the idea because their form makes them somewhat easier to factor.
2000 years' work
The team started attacking 17 of these numbers in 2010. Now they have factored 10, after the equivalent of 2000 years' computation on a high-end PC – about 50 per cent faster than doing them one at a time. The highest number factored was 21193-1, a record. That number is roughly the same size as the 1024-bit RSA numbers used in encryption today – 1024 being their length in binary code – although RSA numbers are much harder than Mersenne numbers to crack.
The previous record was a 768-bit number which Lenstra's team and others factored in 2010. Much smaller 512-bit numbers used to be the encryption standard but in 1990 Lenstra helped crack a 512-bit number in a similar form to the Mersenne numbers. Nine years later he went on to break an RSA number of the same size, which contributed to the industry upgrading to 1024-bit. This new work could push things again, Lenstra says, but adds that there's no need to worry about your online security yet.
Greg Childers of California State University in Fullerton agrees but says it could lead to future advances. “It is not the significant breakthrough that we are looking for, but in a field that has seen little movement in the past couple of decades even small advances are worthy of excitement.”
Reference: Cryptology ePrint Archive, eprint.iacr.org/2014/653
Former Southampton man, Luke Shaw, looks the starter at left back. At right back, Antonio Valencia is likely to start on Saturday, but may soon be replaced new singing from Torino, Matteo Darmian. With two holding midfielders this season to provide cover, the fullbacks will have more freedom to go forward. This is particularly important on the right side, as Mata tends to drift to his more natural position in the center of the pitch. Both Darmain and Valencia have significant experience playing wide in the midfield and should take well to this system.
Newcomers Bastian Schweinsteiger and Morgan Schneiderlin, as well Michael Carrick, will most often occupy the two defensive midfield roles. While the Carrick-Schneiderlin-Schweinsteiger partnership will provide defensive cover, expect composure and quality in build-up play as well, as Carrick's pass accuracy last season was 89.6% while Schneiderlin's stood at 89.3%. This put them at 7th and 13th in the Premier League, respectively. Schweinsteiger's 87.7% pass accuracy last season put him at 10th in the Bundesliga. Not too shabby for the core of the midfield. United as a whole led the Premier League in both possession (61.2%) and pass accuracy (85.1%) in 2014/15 and we are likely to see this possession dominance continue.
At left wing, expect the return of Ashley Young, who averaged 1.9 accurate crosses per 90 last season, the 11th most out of all Premier League players with more than 10 appearances. Juan Mata will likely occupy the right wing. The Spaniard only averaged 0.9 accurate crosses per 90 minutes in 2014/15, but will often have wide support from Valencia or Darmian when he drifts inward.
The No. 10 will be occupied by none other than former left winger at PSV, Memphis Depay. The Dutchman led the Eredivisie with 22 goals last season, and added five assists as well, but he is still somewhat of an unknown quantity in his current role.
new clips
NOTE
: This will
not
play in your DVD player; it contains data files which are readable on your computer via a program like VLC.
NOTE:
Four to six (4-6) weeks for shipping.
The Mal Malloy Compilation DVD - over 2.5 GBs of the notorious "Easter Egg" videos in their original format - which in some cases is 720 p HD - and someat her curvier size.In the US, shipping will take between 3-5 days to arrive from the date of shipping (you'll receive an email notification when your order ships). Internationally, however, it will take longer. As an amends to those overseas who have to endure the extra wait, Mal included a couple bonus clips that are not on the US Version. Mal kindly requests that those who chose to purchase the DVD keep it in their private stash and not post the clips on Youtube, Daily Motion, etc. Paypal is the only method of payment, and shipping will be via USPS Priority Mail, both internationally and in the US.This is awhich will include a password and link to the video in the image to the left, which is previously unseen.
Apart from the braggadocio and self aggrandizement we've come to expect, Trump's latest boast about the classified intel he shared with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov reaches into a national security danger zone. Of course, as the Washington Post report notes, a President has the authority to declassify information. But the implications of this latest round of communication calls into question the larger issue of the working culture that flourishes under a leader like Trump.
Although he's never been professionally diagnosed as such, psychologist Dan McAdams did a thoughtful and lengthy exposition of Trump's personality for The Atlantic that suggests he's a narcissist. Such a personality is characterized, in part, by bragging (something Trump excels at).
In the workplace, corporate narcissism comes with an array of pros and cons. The upshot of narcissism can be a leader that's viewed as visionary and charismatic. As Michael Maccoby observed in Harvard Business Review, “Today's CEOs–superstars such as Bill Gates, Andy Grove, Steve Jobs, Jeff Bezos, and Jack Welch–hire their own publicists, write books, grant spontaneous interviews, and actively promote their personal philosophies.”
Yet as Maccoby notes, Freud shone a light on a narcissist's dark side. Narcissists tend to emotionally isolated, highly distrustful, and rage against perceived threats. Achievements can feed feelings of grandiosity. (see this, or this, or this, or many of Trump's other tweets).
Working For A Narcissist
Of course, a lack of trust in your boss isn't exclusive to those working for Trump. The majority of the 33,000 people surveyed in Edelman's “Trust Barometer” believe that their CEO was exhibiting unethical behavior. We've seen how leadership at Wells Fargo, Volkswagen, Uber, and others have all contributed to breeding corporate cultures that condoned unethical behaviors.
On the one hand, Trump's administration is breeding a culture of leakers that surpasses anything we've seen during a presidential administration. As Jonah Goldberg, senior editor for the National Review, writes in the Chicago Tribune:
“After every meeting, participants race to their phones to put their anonymous spin on what happened. The reports read like parody. The Washington Post's in-depth story on the Comey firing was based on the private accounts of more than 30 officials at the White House, the Justice Department, the FBI and on Capitol Hill, as well as Trump confidants and other senior Republicans.”
Goldberg chalks up part of the volume of leaks to the fact that not many who are working in the White House now have any prior experience working there which he says contributes to a “shocking lack of internal discipline and clear lines of authority.” Others may be doing it to save their credibility and careers if the whole administration takes a fall.
At the Hotline, we know that domestic violence can affect anyone – including men. According to the CDC, one in seven men age 18+ in the U.S. has been the victim of severe physical violence by an intimate partner in his lifetime. One in 10 men has experienced rape, physical violence, and/or stalking by an intimate partner. In 2013, 13% of documented contacts to the Hotline identified themselves as male victims. Although they make up a smaller percentage of callers to the Hotline, there are likely many more men who do not report or seek help for their abuse, for a variety of reasons:
Men are socialized not to express their feelings or see themselves as victims.
Our culture still clings to narrow definitions of gender (although there are signs that this is slowly shifting). Young boys are taught not to express their emotions, to “suck it up” and “be a man.” Tony Porter calls this the “man box” in his well-known TED talk. This can be extremely detrimental to boys as they age, especially if they find themselves in an abusive relationship. Men may feel discouraged to talk about what's going on in their personal lives, or they feel like no one will believe them. They may not even realize that they are being abused, or they might assume they should just deal with the abuse on their own.
Pervading beliefs or stereotypes about men being abusers, women being victims.
The majority of domestic violence stories covered by the media are about male perpetrators and female victims who are typically in heterosexual relationships. While we certainly don't want to minimize this violence, focusing on only one type of situation renders invisible the many scenarios that do not fit this definition, including abusive relationships among homosexual, bisexual, and trans* men. This might make many victims feel like they don't have the space or the support to speak out about their own experiences and seek help.
The abuse of men is often treated as less serious, or a “joke.”
We've seen this in action recently with the elevator footage of Solange Knowles attacking Jay-Z. When a man is abused, many people don't take it as seriously (in part due to the previous two reasons we've mentioned). The truth is, abuse is not a joke, in any situation, between any two people. All victims deserve support and resources to help them feel safe.
Many believe there are no resources or support available for male victims.
It can seem like the majority of shelters and services for domestic violence victims are women-focused. However, services for male victims do exist. Most federal funding sources require that domestic violence services be provided to all victims of abuse. Our advocates can provide information, assist with safety planning, and/or find local resources, if available. They can also help brainstorm alternative options if local programs are not meeting the requirements for male victims, including whom a caller may be able to contact if they believe they have experienced discrimination.
No matter what your situation is, the Hotline is here to help, confidentially and without judgment. Please give us a call anytime, or chat online with us 24/7/365.
A Few Resources for Men:
As part of her continued efforts to support growth of the local food economy and in honor of Rhode Island's fishing heritage, Governor Gina M. Raimondo today declared March 21 – 27, 2016 Quahog Week in Rhode Island. Raimondo and First Gentleman Andy Moffit joined state and food-industry leaders at a special celebration to mark the quahog fishery's importance to the state's history, culture, and economy and to encourage its year-round use.
“I have such fond childhood memories of watching the fishing boats come in at the Port of Galilee,” said Raimondo. “These are memories I share in common with many Rhode Islanders. We love our seafood, and as a state, Narragansett Bay is an integral part of our social and economic fabric. It drives our tourism industry, inspires quality of life, supports working families, and promotes growth of our green economy. Quahog Week is an opportunity to celebrate the many riches of the Bay and one of our favorite local clams. And it is equally an opportunity for Rhode Islanders to indulge in our state's thriving local food scene and support our restaurants, fishermen, and many food-based businesses.”
Increasingly, Rhode Island's local food sector is cited as an area of economic strength ripe for innovation; local seafood is poised to spur the next wave of food-based economic growth. Last year, nearly 100 million pounds of seafood arrived to a Rhode Island port – with an ex-vessel value over $75 million. And more than 27 million quahogs were harvested from Narragansett Bay and Rhode Island coastal waters. Quahogs have long been a local favorite, with dishes from stuffies to chowder making popular summer fare, and quahogging continues to be a beloved pastime and family tradition.
“To most people they're clams, but to us they're quahogs. We take great pride in our seafood and summers, and quahogs are a big part of that. Clamcakes, chowder, stuffies, and raw. Rhode Island wouldn't be Rhode Island without them. I commend the Governor and First Gentlemen — along with our shellfish, environmental, and culinary communities — for bringing vision, energy, and momentum to this effort. Ultimately, this is about bringing people together, whether it's clamming themselves or enjoying fresh, local quahogs deliciously prepared at one of these participating restaurants. I hope this becomes a new, tasty tradition for families to enjoy,” said U.S. Senator Jack Reed, a member of the Appropriations Committee, who, over the years has netted over $3.6 million in federal funding to hatch and support the Rhode Island Aquaculture Initiative and has also delivered federal funds to help Rhode Island fishermen strengthen marketing efforts.
“There is tremendous energy and excitement right now in local Rhode Island food, which is among the best in the world” said First Gentleman Andy Moffit. “By working together to foster innovation and growth in local food, we can strengthen our economy and address the public health and food security issues that plague many communities. Having access to healthy, locally sourced food is critical for all Rhode Islanders; the vibrancy of our local waters and commercial fisheries are important parts of the equation.”
Throughout Quahog Week, 16 restaurants across the state – from Westerly to Newport to Providence – will offer special menu selections that feature the native Rhode Island clam. Dishes range from traditional preparations to the adventurous. Several events are also planned for the week, including a book talk with Sarah Schumann, author of Rhode Island's Shellfish Heritage, cooking classes featuring local seafood, and a wrap party on Easter night.
“Whether we're dining waterside in one of our coastal communities or in the heart of our capital, fresh, local seafood is a popular feature on the menu,” said DEM Director Janet Coit. “It is part of our identity as a state, and nothing is more Rhode Island than the quahog. I hope people come out for Quahog Week to enjoy the many amazing dishes being offered by our partner restaurants – from a crispy quahog fritter to a refreshing top-neck ceviche. And I encourage everyone to try something new. We are fortunate in Rhode Island to have an abundant, diverse seafood industry and excellent eateries. Let's get out there and enjoy them!”
Participating Restaurants
Basta – Cranston
Birch – Providence
Castle Hill Inn – Newport
DiMare Seafood Market & Bistro – East Greenwich
Ella's Fine Food & Drink – Westerly
Fluke – Newport
George's of Galilee – Pt Judith
Hemenway's – Providence
Matunuck Oyster Bar – South Kingstown
The Mooring – Newport
Oberlin – Providence
Providence Oyster Bar – Providence
Rosmarin – Providence
Tarragon – Providence
22 Bowen's – Newport
Vinya Tapas – Providence
Scheduled Events
School of Fish Cooking Classes Hope & Main – Warren Monday, March 21, 6-8PM More Information
Discussion: The Past, Present and Future of Rhode Island's Quahog Industry Aldrich House – Providence Wednesday, March 23, 5:30-7:30PM More Information
Quahog Week ‘Ender Party Tarragon Bar – Providence Sunday, March 27, 6-8PM More Information
Quahog Week partners include Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management (DEM), Discover Newport, Narragansett Bay Lobsters, Rhode Island Shellfishermen's Association, Edible Rhody, Save The Bay, Ocean State Oyster Festival, Rhode Island Sea Grant, University of Rhode Island Coastal Resource Center, University of Rhode Island Coastal Institute, Rhode Island Commerce Corporation, and the Narragansett Indian Tribe.
We promised news this week of another WWE DVD for 2016, and here it is!
WrestlingDVDNetwork.com can exclusively reveal that WWE has a Scott Hall DVD tentatively scheduled for 2016, joining other biography releases next year including Eric Bischoff.
As of now it's planned to be a full, 3 disc DVDs and 2 disc Blu-ray set and feature a documentary on Scott Hall, who last year was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame as Razor Ramon.
Stick with WDN for more details as and when they become known.
Another Superstar-themed set we recently revealed for 2016 was the Dudley Boyz!
The DVD and Blu-ray release is going ahead, tentatively scheduled for April. The company has already begun filming it, as confirmed this week by the Dudley Boyz themselves on Twitter.
WWEShop.com is running another MASSIVE 40% OFF WWE DVD and Blu-ray sale today through the coming weekend — with at least 60 different titles included!
This time promo codes are also working alongside most of the sale prices:
WWEAFFDVD1 – a further 20% off most titles
DVDWWE5 – $5 off your order if over $30
WWESAVE10 – $10 off your order if over $70
WWEAFF15 – $15 off your order if over $100
WWEAFF25 – $25 off your order if over $150
Go here to WWEShop.com and find the DVDs and Blu-rays marked with red price tags.
Using the codes on top makes for some can't-miss prices! Get deals like these…
I'm sore all over. My Achilles heel is swollen up like a golf ball. My left knee aches. My shoulders have more knots in them than a sailor can tie -- all from training intensely for my Aikido test next Saturday.
It's for my first Kyu, the test before the Shodan or black best test.
When I tell people that I train in Aikido (Japanese martial arts), they typically get a look of admiration in their eyes, like I'm Xena, the warrior, even when I tell them it's nothing to be impressed about. If you saw me throw a 200-pound guy you would NOT, I repeat NOT, be impressed.
Because... I'm not flowing, graceful, relaxed, coordinated or elegant. To the contrary, I'm stiff, tense, foot-awkward and have poor timing. I still cry after many a class with frustration.
Sometimes, in the middle of class, I panic, and think I can't do it. My sensei always seems to catch me when that look crosses my face, and he says, "Susan, you can do it." Or "have courage." Or "be brave." Which then triggers tears that I hold back, because it's not considered Budo, or martial, to cry on the mat, and I'll be damned if I'm going to break that man-code.
The other day, I trained with a black belt after hours who hit my jo (long wooden staff) with so much force it smacked me on the side of my head so hard that I was stunned. Once I recovered my senses, I rushed to the girls' dressing room to get some ice from the freezer and felt the tears coming -- more shock than pain. But all my training helped me ground and center myself so I could just focus on the task and not the pain. After a few minutes of icing we continued to train.
Why do I keep doing it? It's a case of love/hate.
Yesterday my teacher, Hans Goto Sensei said we train preparing ourselves for the unusual, to face things bravely and to see clearly.
Those are a few of the reasons I continue to train. And...
I strive to be elegant and skilled, to master not just my mind and body, but my emotions, fears and feelings. In so many ways I'm really far away from any kind of self-mastery right now.
Case in point: I just did a run through for "the test" on Sunday and the two black belts I was training with said I was timid. This pains me. I'm not a timid person. I've run my own business for over 23 years and have taught thousands of people, everyone from CEOs to celebrity chefs, rock stars to reality TV contestants, entrepreneurs, authors, speakers, coaches and consultants, to speak up and not to take guff from anyone and to prepare for media interviews for Oprah, 60 Minutes, The Today Show, Howard Stern, Bill O'Reilly, NPR etc. -- tough shows with little room for error or timidity.
My motto is "Speak your mind. Stand your ground. Sing your song."
I live by it. Or rather, I'm living into it. But for whatever reason, I haven't been able to translate those skills that I use in business onto the mat.
When I told my sweetie, Will, that I was called "timid" he said, "You're not a timid person. Timid is a character thing. You're just a little hesitant when it comes to Aikido. Hesitancy can be overcome with practice."
This gave me heart.
Because I have a second motto I live by: Keep training.
It's not easy being bad at something. But it's how we all start. And sometimes the awkwardness and ineptitude doesn't dissipate for quite a while.
Whether it's creating a blog post or doing a coaching call or creating a website or speaking in front of a group or singing to a crowd or writing a book or doing a sketch or cooking a cake or flying a plane or raising a child or starting a relationship, beginnings can be awkward, uncomfortable, frustrating and fearful.
Eventually, it gets easier. Sometimes, like in my case with Aikido, microscopically.
Seriously, it's been five years already.
Though now most of the time I don't get super nervous and trembley going to classes, I still get pangs of angst. But it's nothing like the first year where anxiety made my stomach lurch just thinking about training. And every night I'd go through a tedious negotiation with myself in my head for hours about whether to train or not. I've wasted so much time flipping back and forth in that limbo.
Then, if I decided to go, I'd be on the mat sitting seiza (proper Japanese sitting position on your knees), watching intensely as Sensei demonstrated a technique several times from different angles, slowly, precisely, smoothly. By the time we paired off to train I'd have forgotten how to start, or where to move my feet, overwhelmed by all the steps.
No matter how much I paid attention or strategized -- watching on the feet first only for example -- it wouldn't stick.
Now, while I often still have to think about which foot to move first, some if it has become automatic. Not a lot, but enough to stave off all despair of becoming proficient.
One last thing, the most important, actually. Even through the frustration and pain and anxiety, Aikido makes me feel alive like nothing else. No matter how crabby or worried I am when I step onto the mat, I leave feeling uplifted and joyful. Crazy, but true. My teacher, Hans Goto Sensei is so skilled, patient, good-natured and joyful himself, he transmits that directly, to all of us, in every class. In him, I see what is possible.
And I see what is possible in you too. I want to give a shout out to those of you who are doing the hard things, day after day, month after month, year after year. Because it gets better, even if it's microscopically. Even if it's painful, angst ridden and agonizingly slow. And you get better too. This I know for sure.
If you want to shortcut the learning curve, and any awkwardness or angst, to get publicity and grow your business and your reputation (and perhaps a jolt of joy) and then join us for this free training. RSVP here.
For more from Susan Harrow go here.
Break out the bug spray, Ottawa. After this spring's historic flooding, the city could be plagued with an explosion of mosquitoes.
"Mosquitoes need standing pools of water. If you have a very moist spring like this you'll have a good crop," said Jeff Dawson, associate professor of biology at Carleton University.
We're going to have a huge bumper crop of mosquitoes this year. - Mark Ardis, GDG Environnement
"The mosquitoes are going to be pretty bad," agreed Mark Ardis, scientific adviser with GDG Environnement, the company that manages the city's only mosquito control program, in Kanata North.
Some species of mosquito eggs can survive up to 15 years without water, and this spring's flooding could awaken those dormant swarms, Ardis said.
"We're going to have a huge bumper crop of mosquitoes this year."
Larvicide showing results
GDG Environnement scientific adviser Mark Ardis says there was a 92% reduction in mosquitoes in Kanata North in 2016, thanks to the application of a larvicide in the area. (Jean Delisle/CBC) Ardis's company runs mosquito control programs in over 40 municipalities across Canada, and is in its second year overseeing the program in Kanata North, an area with lots of natural wetlands.​
The area's councillor, Marianne Wilkinson, said the program has been a success.
"They did a test just outside the treated area with a 24-hour trap. They got 2,000 mosquitoes in that trap. Then they did it right in the middle of the wetlands. They got 64."
The mosquito control program costs Kanata North homeowners an extra $20 a year on top of their municipal taxes. Wilkinson said some residents aren't happy with the fee, but others are so delighted they'd pay three times the price.
"The comments I've had from people — 'The first time I've been able to eat outside in 12 years,' this kind of thing — really makes a difference to the quality of life you have in the community," Wilkinson said.
Food chain not affected
Mosquito inspector and biologist Daniel Whitty checks one of the traps within the Kanata North nuisance mosquito control program zone. (Jean Delisle/CBC) The Kanata North nuisance mosquito control program works by killing the larvae before they develop. A naturally occurring liquid larvicide called BTI is sprayed over pools of standing water, but it only harms the larvae of mosquitoes and blackflies. It is harmless to humans and other wildlife.
Ardis said the reduction in the mosquito population has no impact on animals further up the food chain, such as birds and bats.
"Mosquitoes only comprise about three per cent of [those animals'] diet during peak mosquito season, so they're not that important in the food web," Ardis said.
The University of Ottawa is monitoring the impact of the larvicide on other insects over the course of three years.
The city of Ottawa is also testing for West Nile virus in the mosquito population. During the 2016 season the city detected a total of 14 West Nile-positive mosquito pools.
There were two cases of humans contracting the virus.
Permits for the larvicide take six weeks to process, so Ardis said it's now too late for other wards in the city to join the program this spring.
Raids in rural Michigan expose the extremes of rightwing groups such as the Hutaree militia, for which the Republicans will not accept responsibility
It was a sign of the arrival of a new age of paranoia in the murky basement of American political life. Last week an astonishing operation by the FBI and police broke up a rightwing anti-government Christian militia group, seemingly intent on sparking a revolution.
If that sounds far-fetched, don't be fooled. The anger that defines the feelings of a large swath of the American electorate in an age of bank bailouts, economic crises and Republican scare-mongering over "creeping socialism" has found fertile soil.
The extreme dangers were amply illustrated by exposure of the Hutaree militia, based in the small towns and deep woods of rural Michigan. According to the indictment against them, they had been plotting for two years to kill police officers. Their plans apparently involved an assassination, followed by a bomb attack on the funeral procession. Their sick hopes were to spark a nationwide anti-government uprising.
It was a stark warning that the threat of terrorism from America's rightwing subcultures is as dangerous as that from Islamic extremists.
Washington Post writer Eugene Robinson wondered if Americans were now living through a mirror-image of the 1960s. Then it was the extreme left that boiled with rage and plotted to overthrow the government via groups such as the Weathermen. "The danger of political violence in this country comes overwhelmingly from one direction – the right, not the left," Robinson wrote.
Not that the leading conservative lights of the Republican party and the Tea Party movement would agree – or take any responsibility. They continue to warn of the creeping role of government in the economy, dub Barack Obama a socialist (or a fascist) and speculate about the possibility of him being born abroad or a closet Muslim.
The Constitution itself, they warn, is under threat. Nowhere are such thoughts more dangerously spread than by rightwing media pundits such as Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh. Indeed, Beck plans to write a novel espousing many of his political beliefs. His setting, according to the Philadelphia Daily News, is an America in turmoil where a citizens' group, called the Founders Keepers, ends up fighting a civil war.
Beck, and his equally alarmist fellow travellers, should be careful what they wish for. As the Hutaree were keen to show, some people are willing to take them at their word.
A Post By: Christina N Dickson
When you think of composition in photography, what are the first things that comes to mind? Rule of thirds. Fill the Frame. Leading lines. Depth. Repetition. If you are really educated, you may also think of perspective, angles, and color.
The world of artistic composition actually includes quite a bit more than you may think. Don't worry, it doesn't have to be complicated. Just like with the basic rules of composition, you can train your eye to identify the other principles of composition, making your photos more dynamic than you thought possible.
Learning advanced composition is simpler than you may think. You only need to focus on one word: Geometry.
Yes. That course that you took in High School actually can have great influence in your photographic composition. In fact, many artists can subconsciously identify the shapes through a viewfinder, but they wouldn't necessarily realize it unless pointed out by someone else. I'll prove it to you:
Rectangles:
Using rectangles is a close likeness to Rule of Thirds. However, rather than keeping each section of your frame equal, you can use rectangles of varying sizes to place your subject. In this image the rectangles make up the bottom half of the frame, and the left side of the frame, isolating the light pol as the subject.
Circles:
I love using circles in photographs. You can capture a certain energy with the motion of a circular line, and also lead your eye through the frame. You can use full circles, or half circles to compose with those curves. The use of circles in this shot draws you into the depth of the scene, allowing you to take in the water and reflection, and the backdrop of the mountains.
Triangles:
Triangles are perhaps the easiest shape to find when composing your images. Go back and look through your photos, and see if you can consistently find triangles. These angles naturally create a depth of composition and interest to your photographs. The separate areas along the fence create a natural flow for your eye to come to the mountain – and even that is in the shape of a triangle.
Polygons:
While you may not look through your viewfinder and say to yourself “I should use a polygon for this image”, you may be surprised by how the use of those shapes help your photographs make sense visually. In this image the Polygon is created by flowers in the foreground – and also a contrast between the light and dark areas.
Squares:
Squares make excellent frames, and also provide incredible interest with repetition. With this image, the square is in the very middle of the frame, created by the chairs and my subject. Squares are also a part of the background with the books and bookshelves.
Arches:
Arches have the similar natural motion of circles, but these may be more a part of the background than a complete shape in itself. The heart shape of the hands in the background create 3 arches – which also frame the flower itself.
Parallel Lines & Converging Lines:
It can be very difficult to use lines well. But not only is it possible, when used, these parallel and converging lines can be quite effective for composing background elements. In this shot there are both. The lines pews mirroring one another, and the direction of the pews leading you in toward the subject.
Space: Relationship and Balance
Having a solid understanding of space will add additional strength and storytelling to your photos. As you see with this image – which is compositionally quite simple – there is more established by how close the viewer is to bench, and then how much space and emptiness there is behind. These elements can lead the viewer to create a story from their own experience or emotions.
Spend a bit of time taking one element at a time, and practicing your compositional techniques. You may not master the advanced principles right away, but you certainly will enjoy the challenge!
PARIS– Wild Bunch, one of France's leading film companies, is reacting to the Charlie Hebdo rampage with the roll out of Chris Morris' though-provoking comedy “Four Lions” for free on its digital platform FilmoTV.
Co-produced by Wild Bunch, the movie is a farce tackling modern jihadism in the comedic mode. It turns on four men living in the U.K. who are on a doomed mission to become soldiers.
Wild bunch describes “Four Lions” as “neither pro nor anti religious.” “It plunges us beyond seeing these young men as unfathomably alien. It undermines the folly of just wishing them away or, even worse, alienating the entire culture from which they emerge. The jokes fly out of the characters' conflicts, excesses and mistakes,” reads the film presentation on the company's website.
The initiative to bring out the movie for free on FilmoTV reflects Maraval's vow to keep fighting for freedom of expression in the aftermath of satirical mag Charlie Hebdo's mass shooting which killed 12 people, including 8 journalists.
“It is the role of cinema to enable the light to shine through terror. We will continue (to fight for the freedom of expression) through films with more passion than ever. When people tried to prevent us from making (Abel Ferarra's ‘Welcome to New York'), it gave us a tremendous energy, which I want to put into every project,”
The BAFTA-winning movie was produced by Film4 and Warp Films.
The highly anticipated season two of this stylised drama returns this week and the first episode deals with the consequences of the brutal shootout between Rabbit's Ukrainian gang and the Banshee Sheriff's Department, Carrie, Job and Sugar. One of my favourite actors, Zeljko Ivanek (Oz, Damages, True Blood), joins the cast as chain-smoking FBI Special Agent Jim Racine who has been hot on the heels of Rabbit and his organisation for the last 15 years. He arrives in town in order to interrogate most of the people involved in the iron works skirmish; essentially to dole out punishment, but he also has a more personal agenda which he shares with one of them. Well, I say share, some might say attempted blackmail…
Considering that the above takes up a large chunk of the story it's surprising that so much else happens in the episode too. Proctor gets busy trying to persuade Rebecca that she will be an asset to him and that returning to her old life would be a mistake. He also gets busy getting it on with another woman, though part of me thinks that in some creepy way this is also part of the same plan for keeping Rebecca under his care too. There's something a little bit disturbing about their relationship that flared up last season, and I can see it going the same way this year maybe.
About the Author - Sandi
Sandi is part of the Senior Staff at SpoilerTV having been a contributor from back in the Lost days of DarkUFO, and who now writes previews for Banshee, The Musketeers, Atlantis, and other BBC shows. She also enjoys watching and commenting on other shows such as Sons of Anarchy, Hannibal, Game of Thrones and Elementary. All Reviews)
Recent Reviews & Articles
The armoured truck robbery that was staked out last year finally takes place once order is restored after the FBI investigation, and apart from some brief flashbacks from last season this is the main violence in the episode. Yep, I'm afraid that this one is rather short on the graphic violence (and sex too actually) but there are some superb high speed stunts for the adrenaline junkies and a motorbike chase/shootout which ends with a line made famous by a certain Colonel John Smith.As for Carrie's family, Gordon is unwilling to forgive her for deceiving him for so long he will not let her see the children at all, and he is also becoming more suspicious of Hood thanks to Racine's interference. Deva seems to doing what comes naturally to her parents and starts shop lifting and then lying as a way to get out of a tricky situation, much to the shock of those around her. Yet for all this dysfunctionality they are able to hide this from each other when together as a family; Deva is still the caring sister who looks after her sick brother and Gordon is home every night making the family meal. This show, at its heart, is still about a small town with very big secrets!airs on the 10th January at 10:00-11:00 p.m. ET/PT on Cinemax, below are some teasers to see you through until then. Don't forget to come back to vote in the poll on the site after it airs to let us know what you thought of the episode.
Arctic Ice Hits Annual Max and it's 6th Lowest on Record
By Andrew Freedman and Michael D. Lemonick
The skin of sea ice that covers the Arctic Ocean has reached its maximum extent for 2013, the National Snow and Ice Data Center announced Monday, and the annual melt season has begun. As of March 15, ice covered 5.84 million square miles of ocean, the sixth-lowest since satellite observations began in the 1970's, and 283,000 square miles lower than the 1979-2000 average. Reflecting the influence of global warming, the 10 lowest sea ice maximums have all occurred over the past 10 years.
Animation of the ice fracture using satellite AVHRR data.
Credit: Arctic Sea Ice blog via NSIDC.
Last summer's ice minimum, moreover, was the lowest on record, with 2007 coming in a distant second. Taken together, it's one more sign that the planet is warming under the influence of heat-trapping greenhouse gases.
The Arctic is warming especially quickly, however, thanks to a sort of vicious cycle that operates between ice, ocean and sunlight. When the sea is covered with bright, reflective ice, incoming sunlight bounces back into space. When the darker water underneath is exposed, some of the Sun's energy is absorbed, heating the seawater. That warms the air in turn, increasing the melting and exposing even more dark seawater to the incoming sunlight, and so on.
This feedback cycle, known as Arctic amplification, triggered by warming temperatures, has been reducing ice cover more or less steadily for the past 40 years, at least. This sea ice decline may be impacting areas well outside the Arctic Circle, by setting in motion a chain of events that lead to altered weather patterns in the Northern Hemisphere, favoring some types of extreme weather events.
The ice returns every winter — and in fact, this winter's ice growth has been greater than ice experts have seen. But that's only because last summer's meltback was so drastic, leaving more open water to freeze. And unlike the thick, multi-year ice that once covered much of the Arctic, this new, seasonal ice cover is very thin, making it prone to rapid melting as the Sun emerges after the months-long winter night.
The thin sea ice is also more prone to cracking when under strain from strong winds or currents. In late February and early March, large fractures were observed in the sea ice cover off the north coast of Canada and Alaska, an event that experts called unusual given the area that was affected.
“That entire region is largely covered by seasonal ice, not multiyear ice, and that's a real different ice pack than what we used to have,” said Walt Meier, a research scientist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colo.
Meier said that thin sea ice is now covering the North Pole itself, which is typically capped by thick ice that survives multiple melt seasons. This is only the second time in the 35-year satellite record that this has happened. The first time was in 2008, following the previous record-low ice extent.
“The amount of hard, thick ice has just collapsed. There are now just remnants of it,” said retired Rear Adm. David Titley, an expert in Arctic climate policy, during a conference call with reporters. “So far, we see no evidence that it's coming back.”
In recent years, sea ice volume, which includes a measure of ice thickness, has been declining at an even faster rate than sea ice extent.
Average surface temperature anomalies during March 2013. It illustrates the influence of the very strong high pressure area over Greenland, with above average air temperatures there (orange and red) and colder than average conditions in the U.S. and Eurasia.
Click on the image to enlarge.
Credit: Weatherbell.com.
Titley said the Arctic does not exist in a “vacuum,” and that changes in the Far North will affect countries far to the south. For example, some studies have shown that a warming Arctic has already had a ripple effect on the world's weather, contributing to outbreaks of cold and stormy weather in parts of Eurasia and the Eastern U.S. in recent winters.
The snowstorms that have affected the U.S. and Europe this March may be an example of a growing Arctic influence in midlatitude weather. March has been an unusually cold and snowy month across a wide swath of the U.S. and Europe, thanks in part to a slow-moving, sprawling area of High pressure above Greenland. While surface air temperatures have been running well above average in Greenland and northeastern Canada, cold Arctic air has surged into the mid-latitudes, effectively delaying spring's arrival by several weeks in the Midwest and East Coast.
This type of weather pattern, with a sharp and persistent deviation in the west-to-east flow of air that steers weather systems across the Northern Hemisphere, may be an indication that Arctic warming is already altering the weather in the mid-latitudes, said Steven Vavrus, a senior scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Along with Jennifer Francis, a professor at Rutgers University, Vavrus is one of the principal proponents of the hypothesis that rapid Arctic warming is paradoxically causing colder and snowier winters in the mid-latitudes, along with increased bouts of other extreme weather events. Other researchers have expressed different views about how Arctic climate change is affecting the global climate system.
Vavrus said it's not yet clear if the recent unusual weather pattern can be attributed to the loss of summer sea ice. “One thing that I think is useful is we can use examples like this winter . . . to look at how the climate system behaves,” he said.
Ultimately, scientists believe, the Arctic Ocean could be largely ice-free for much of the summer, a phenomenon that could happen as early as a decade or two from now. That could be good news for shipping companies, which are already looking to save money by taking an Arctic shortcut from Asia to Europe and back; NOAA, meanwhile, is revising its charts of Alaskan waters to help ships and boats navigate newly ice-free waters.
While that may be good for commerce, the heat-absorbing open water in an ice-free Arctic is likely to keep warming the region, leading to changes on land as well. The most worrisome: if the permanently frozen soil, or permafrost, in northern Alaska, Siberia and Canada thaws substantially, it could release massive amounts of carbon that has been deep-frozen for tens of thousands of years, adding an extra burst of heat-trapping greenhouse gases to the atmosphere and turbo-charging the rate of global warming.
As for what the 2013 winter ice maximum means for this summer's ice minimum, it's hard to make a prediction. Sea ice extent declined to the 9th-lowest on record in 2012, and the all-time summer low followed six months later. This year's maximum is lower — but the vagaries of prevailing winds and ocean currents don't mean we'll necessarily end the summer with less ice than we did last year. It's always possible that summer melting will be more moderate than it was in 2012 — after all, it took 5 years after the previous record, set in 2007, for the ice to hit a new low.
But it's equally possible that Arctic sea ice will shatter last summer's record. And if it doesn't happen this year, it will come soon enough.
Editor's Note: This article has been updated to correct an error in the original story. In 2012, the maximum Arctic sea ice extent was the 9th-lowest on record, not the largest amount on record as originally stated.
Related Content
It's Official: Arctic Sea Ice Shatters Record Low
Arctic Sea Ice Sets Record Low, and it's Not Over Yet
Accelerated Warming Driving Arctic Into New Volatile State
Study Shows A Future In Trans-Arctic Shipping
Climate Change Places Unique Demands on US Naval Forces
NOAA to Map Alaska's Increasingly Ice-Free Arctic Waters
Nearing a Tipping Point on Melting Permafrost?
Warming Arctic May Be Causing Cooler Winters in Eastern U.S.
Americans largely oppose any U.S. intervention in Syria's civil war, according to a new HuffPost/YouGov poll, with only a quarter saying they support air strikes there.
The new poll, conducted after U.S. officials claimed Syria's government killed thousands of civilians with chemical weapons, shows 25 percent of Americans now support air strikes to aid rebels in Syria, while 41 percent said they are opposed. Another 34 percent said that they're not sure.
Support for air strikes has risen since two previous HuffPost/YouGov polls. A poll conducted in April found found that 16 percent of Americans supported air strikes. A poll in June found 19 percent supported air strikes.
A U.S. air attack against Syria appears more likely after Secretary of State John Kerry said Monday that the U.S. believes a chemical weapons attack in Damascus last week was carried out by the Syrian government. NBC News reported Wednesday that one senior U.S. official expects a strike "within days."
The 59 percent of respondents who said they believe Syria has used chemical weapons against rebels there were about evenly divided on whether the U.S. should conduct air strikes, with 37 percent in support and 38 percent opposed. Twenty-six percent were unsure. The June HuffPost/YouGov poll found that a plurality of those who believed Syria has used chemical weapons were opposed to air strikes, 49 percent to 29 percent.
Respondents to the latest poll were divided over whether the U.S. has a responsibility to prevent the Syrian government from using chemical weapons. Thirty-one percent said it does, 38 percent said it does not, and 31 percent said that they were unsure.
Two other options for intervening in the Syrian conflict were even less popular than air strikes. Sending U.S, troops to aid the rebels was opposed by a 65 percent to 11 percent majority of respondents, while providing weapons to rebels was opposed by a 49 percent to 13 percent plurality.
The White House said in June that it would begin sending arms to some rebel groups.
Other recent polls have also shown little American appetite for intervention. A recent Ipsos-Reuters poll found a 60 percent to 9 percent majority of Americans saying that the U.S. should not intervene in the conflict, although that poll did not test support for specific ways of intervening. In that poll, a 46 percent to 25 percent plurality of respondents said that the U.S. shouldn't intervene, even if the Syrian government has used chemical weapons.
The HuffPost/YouGov poll was conducted Aug. 26 and Aug. 27 among 1,000 adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population. Factors considered include age, race, gender, education, employment, income, marital status, number of children, voter registration, time and location of Internet access, interest in politics, religion and church attendance.
Image caption The horror sequel tells of a deranged man who conducts bizarre human experiments
A horror film denied a rating for posing a "real risk of harm" has been granted a certificate by the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC).
The Human Centipede 2 had been denied a rating but has now been rated 18 after its distributor agreed to 32 cuts.
BBFC president Sir Quentin Thomas said many would find it "difficult" to watch but that the cut film could "properly be classified at the adult level".
Two minutes and 37 seconds have been removed ahead of its DVD release.
The BBFC said the cuts "address all the concerns raised when the board refused a classification" in June.
Those concerns, it went on, included those "relating to sexual violence, graphic gore and the possibility of breach of the law relating to obscenity".
One of the BBFC's vice-presidents, Gerard Lemos, felt the film remained unclassifiable and abstained from the board's collective decision.
'Slight disappointment'
A sequel to 2009's The Human Centipede, it tells of a man who, inspired by the first film, attempts to replicate its bizarre people-grafting experiments.
Eureka Entertainment, the film's UK distributor, said they were "really pleased" that an agreement had been reached but felt "slight disappointment" that cuts had been required.
However, continued its sales director Ian Sadler: "We feel that the storyline has not been compromised and the level of horror has been sustained."
A total of 11 films have been banned in Britain since the BBFC - formerly the British Board of Film Censors - was set up in 1912.
Grotesque, a 2009 Japanese horror film, was the last film to be refused a classification in the UK.
By
Welsh Love Spoons have long been a favorite carving theme for wood carvers. Tradition says that this original art style for wood carving came from the seamen of the British Isles that brought small pieces of wood and a carving knife with them on their ocean voyages to fill the long hours. Many of the designs and patterns were symbolic of the sailor's love of home and family, but they also used some of our favorite whittling trick carvings as the ball and chain or ball in the cage.
Today any relief carving pattern can become the design for the handle of your Welsh Love Spoon. For my sample I chose a simple grape design with a double stem that wraps around the spoon handle. With another upcoming stormy weekend it seems like a perfect time to share my carving and pattern for you to enjoy.
For your Free Welsh Love Spoon Pattern Pack by Lora Irish, please visit our wood carving, & pyrography patterns website,
Art Designs Studio.
To learn more about Welsh Love Spoon carving, please visit Lora S. Irish's free online tutorials.
Welsh Love Spoons Tutorial:
Welsh Love Spoons Introduction
Basic Cutting Techniques
Open Linked Chain
Ball and Cage
Get breaking news and SI's biggest stories instantly. Download the new Sports Illustrated app (iOS or Android) and personalize your experience by following your favorite teams and SI writers.
Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James has no doubt that Stephen Curry deserves to be the first unanimous MVP in NBA history, he said after practice Wednesday.
“You look at Steph's numbers, I mean, he averaged 30 [points], he led the league in steals, he was 90, 50, 40, and [the Warriors] won 73 wins,” James said. “I don't think you really have any debate over that, really, when it comes to that award.”
Curry being given every first-place vote for the MVP cemented his regular season as arguably the greatest in NBA history. James is one of two players, along with Shaquille O'Neal, to fall just one vote short of earning the unanimous MVP, doing so in 2013.
• MORE NBA: The five most incredible feats from Curry's MVP season
Curry finished the season as the league-leader in scoring (30.1 points per game), and set the single-season record for made three pointers (402). He joined his coach, Steve Kerr, as only the second player to shoot better than 50 percent from the field, 40 percent from three and 90 percent from the free-throw line in a season.
LeBron James on Steph Curry, the NBA's unanimous MVP. #Cavs pic.twitter.com/rlpjQXOuqB — Hayden Grove (@H_Grove) May 11, 2016
Curry and the Warriors hold a 3–1 lead in their series against the Portland Trail Blazers, while James and the Cavaliers have already advanced to the Eastern Conference finals.
There are few vocations that can engender burnout like the pastorate. The demands on a pastor's time, emotions, and energy can be overwhelming. When I was a pastor, I often felt at least the symptoms of burnout.
I recently spoke with 17 pastors who had experienced burnout, or who felt they came precariously close to burnout. The good news about these pastors is that they moved out of burnout; and now they are re-engaging in exciting and visionary ministries.
So I asked them the obvious question. What did you do to reverse the dark spiral of burnout? The question was open-ended, so they could respond with as many answers as they desired. When it was all said and done, I tabulated twelve different responses from the 17 pastors. Obviously, many of them gave similar answers.
Here are the twelve responses ranked in order of frequency. Each answer has a representative quote from one of the pastors.
Spent more time in prayer and the Word. “Slowly over time, I spent less and less time in the Bible and in prayer. I succumbed to the tyranny of the urgent. When I committed to reversing that pattern, my life and leadership began to renew.” Dreamed again. “When I first arrived at this church, I had great visions and excitement. But I got caught up in negativity and trivial things, and I lost my vision. But recently I asked God to restore my dream and vision for my church, and He's already answering that prayer.” Stopped comparing. “One of the most freeing things of my ministry was to stop comparing myself to other pastors, and my church to other churches. I finally got it that God doesn't love pastors of larger churches more than He loves me.” Developed relationships with non-Christians. “I got so busy doing church that I started neglecting engaging people in the world. Now I make certain that I'm in some type of ongoing relationship with a non-Christian.” Moved my focus from the negative to the positive. “I don't know why I let the critics dominate my time and thoughts. When I stopped letting them control me, and when I started spending more time with positive and great people in the church, my entire emotional state improved dramatically.” Learned to have fun. “I realized that there is a difference between taking my ministry seriously and taking myself too seriously. I have learned to lighten up and laugh more. As a result, I find myself rejoicing in the Lord more.” Ended draining relationships. “There was this church member that made an appointment with me almost every week. He was so negative and so draining of my emotional energy. I knew he had his own emotional problems, but I knew I wasn't equipped to deal with them. When I finally got the courage to end our counseling relationship and refer him to a professional, I felt like a weight had been lifted off me.” Expressed gratitude regularly. “One of the ways I dealt with my impending burnout was to commit to handwrite five letters of gratitude a week. It was amazing to see how my vision began to restore when I took the focus off me and expressed gratitude to others.” Spent more time doing things that energized me. “I tend to be a prideful person, so I don't like to admit that I am not very good at something. Well, I'm a poor administrator, so administrative work drains me. When I finally got the courage to admit I wasn't very good at it, I had a lay volunteer step right in and take much of the work off me. He told me that everyone knew I was a lousy administrator, and that he was thankful I finally admitted it. I am now spending time doing those things that I enjoy and give me energy.” Got in better physical shape. “In my busyness, I started eating more, exercising less, and sleeping fitfully. I stayed tired and depressed. But when I got into an exercise routine and ate better, my whole outlook changed.” Made a commitment to have a greater servant spirit. “I had trouble admitting that I had an ego problem. I always wanted things my way. God got to me and showed me that my calling in life is to serve others. It is absolutely amazing to see my leadership passion restored as I put myself last to the needs of others.” Began to pray for my community. “Burnout can be the result of looking inwardly too much. I asked God to give me a greater vision for our church's community. Shortly after I prayed that prayer, I became burdened for the elementary school near our church. Now I'm praying for specific direction to serve the school. I know God will answer that prayer as well.”
How about you? Have you experienced burnout or near burnout in ministry? What steps did you take? Do you identify with these twelve steps taken by other pastors?
WAS-PHI grades: Strong games overall from both Cousins, Wentz
By Josh Liskiewitz • Dec 11, 2016
Washington Redskins 27, Philadelphia Eagles 22
Here are the top-graded players and biggest storylines from Washington's Week 14 NFC East win over Philadelphia.
Quarterback grade: Kirk Cousins, 80.0
Cousins excels again on deep passes
This was another strong performance for Kirk Cousins, again bolstered by his impressive deep passing. Cousins completed four of six deep shots (throws that traveled at least 20 yards through the air) for 149 yards and two scores. Where he did struggle was under pressure, as he completed just one of four pass attempts while pressured and had a QB rating of 41.7.
Top offensive grades:
LT Trent Williams, 80.9
WR Pierre Garçon, 80.1
QB Kirk Cousins, 80.0
WR DeSean Jackson, 78.9
RB Rob Kelley, 71.5
Washington skill players continue to excel
The pass catchers of the Redskins continue to play extremely well, led by WRs Pierre Garçon and DeSean Jackson on Sunday. The duo caught eight of 10 targets thrown their way for 171 yards and two scores, while the rest of the offensive roster caught just six balls. RB Rob Kelley's 63 yards on 16 attempts is unimpressive on the surface, but he earned 52 of his yards after contact and forced five missed tackles.
Top defensive grades:
ED Trent Murphy, 86.3
ED Ryan Kerrigan, 83.9
S Deshazor Everett, 83.7
DI Ricky Jean-Francois, 80.4
CB Josh Norman, 80.1
Edge rushers harass Wentz all day
For the game, Washington posted 24 total QB pressures, and it was the play outside that led the way. OLBs Ryan Kerrigan and Trent Murphy collectively posted 12 pressures, while ILB Mason Foster added two sacks, a hurry and five defensive stops.
Quarterback grade: Carson Wentz, 81.7
Some mistakes, but overall solid day from rookie Carson Wentz
While he made his share of mistakes, the rookie Wentz had a generally strong performance. On passes that traveled at least 10 yards through the air, he connected on nine of 13 throws for 133 yards and a touchdown. Wentz's struggles under pressure made the difference in this game, as he completed just seven of 14 throws under pressure for 77 yards and took four sacks.
Top offensive grades:
TE Trey Burton, 82.2
TE Zach Ertz, 81.8
QB Carson Wentz, 81.7
OG Isaac Seumalo, 78.9
OT Jason Peters, 75.3
Tough all-around day for Ryan Mathews
While Mathews averaged 4.0 yards per carry on 15 attempts, he failed to break any tackles and managed just 18 of his 60 yards after initial contact. He also struggled in pass protection, as he gave up a sack and two hurries. Pass-blocking was a struggle throughout the game for the Eagles, as the offense was collectively charged with three sacks, three hits, and 11 hurries.
Top defensive grades:
S Malcolm Jenkins, 80.7
DI Fletcher Cox, 80.6
CB Leodis McKelvin, 77.2
ED Brandon Graham, 76.3
LB Nigel Bradham, 74.8
Big day from Fletcher Cox aside, Eagles unable to generate consistent pressure
Cox was his usual unstoppable self, as he posted two sacks and three hurries for the game. However, he provides the majority of the pressure on the day, as the rest of the Eagles' defense posted just five total pressures. CB Leodis McKelvin had a wildly variant day, as he returned an interception for a touchdown and batted down another, but also gave up five receptions for 119 yards, including DeSean Jackson's 80-yard touchdown.
PFF Game-Ball Winner: Kirk Cousins, QB, Redskins
PFF's player grading process includes multiple reviews, which may change the grade initially published in order to increase its accuracy. Learn more about how we grade and access grades for every player through each week of the NFL season by subscribing to Player Grades.
(CNN) Several types of Nature Made vitamins are being recalled due to possible salmonella or Staphylococcus aureus contamination, according to a Tuesday announcement from Pharmavite LLC.
The following products are being recalled:
Nature Made Super B Complex w/C & Folic Acid tablets, lot numbers 1173779, 1170987, 1204735, 1173146, 1204001
Pharmavite issued a recall for several types of Nature Made vitamins.
Consumers can find the lot numbers on the back panel next to the expiration date.
"The recall was initiated after it was discovered that salmonella and/or Staphylococcus aureus testing were not completed properly on these specific batch lots," a Pharmavite press release said.
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
Symptoms of salmonella illness, including diarrhea, fever and abdominal cramps, may begin 12 to 72 hours after a person is exposed to the bacteria. Illness can last four to seven days and most people recover on their own. Salmonella causes an estimated 1 million cases of illness every year in the United States.
The presence of Staph aureus toxin in food may lead to food poisoning, according to Pharmavite, and the most common symptoms are nausea, vomiting, retching, abdominal cramping and prostration.
Additional Nature Made products are being recalled because "there was a process breakdown that doesn't allow us to rule out the presence of other microorganisms, such as yeast," according to an email from the company. The recalled products are:
Nature Made Adult Gummies Hair, Skin, Nails, lot numbers 1198437 and 1198438
Nature Made vitamin D 1000 IU tablets, lot numbers 1147550, 1174782, 1176755, 1140172, 1175637, 1176756, 1147978, 1147557
Consumers are advised to stop using the affected Nature Made products and return them to stores for full refunds. Pharmavite is asking retailers and distributors to remove the impacted products from store shelves immediately.
The Apple logo is illuminated in red at the Apple Store on 5th Avenue to mark World AIDS Day, in the Manhattan borough of New York December 1, 2014. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
BOSTON (Reuters) - Apple Inc has pushed out its first-ever automated security update to Macintosh computers to help defend against newly identified bugs that security researchers have warned could enable hackers to gain remote control of machines.
The company pushed out the software on Monday to fix critical security vulnerabilities in a component of its OS X operating system called the network time protocol, or NTP, according to Apple spokesman Bill Evans.NTP is used for synchronizing clocks on computer systems.
The bugs were made public in security bulletins on Friday by the Department of Homeland Security and the Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute. Carnegie Mellon identified dozens of technology companies, including Apple, whose products might be vulnerable.
When Apple has released previous security patches, it has done so through its regular software update system, which typically requires user intervention.
The company decided to deliver the NTP bug fixes with its technology for automatically pushing out security updates, which Apple introduced two years ago but had never previously used, because it wanted to protect customers as quickly as possible due to the severity of the vulnerabilities, Evans said.
“The update is seamless,” he said. “It doesn't even require a restart.”
Apple does not know of any cases where vulnerable Mac computers were targeted by hackers looking to exploit the bugs, he added.
stampede +
In pics: Stampede at Varanasi's Rajghat Bridge 1 7 In pics: Stampede at Varanasi's Rajghat Bridge At least 24 people were killed and 50 others injured in a stampede at Rajghat bridge between Varanasi and Chandauli. In pics: Stampede at Varanasi's Rajghat Bridge The incident took place when thousands of followers of religious leader Jai Gurudev were on their way to Domri village on the banks of Ganga to take part in the two-day camp, police said. In pics: Stampede at Varanasi's Rajghat Bridge People from different places participated in the procession moving towards Domari village to join the assembly. The entire route witnesses a massive traffic jam due to the huge gathering of people. In pics: Stampede at Varanasi's Rajghat Bridge The stamped occurred when people were moving downward from the Rajghat bridge causing deaths of men and women. Five of the injured are stated to be in a serious condition. In pics: Stampede at Varanasi's Rajghat Bridge About one lakh devotees took part in the procession despite the fact that permission was sought for a gathering of only 3,000 people. In pics: Stampede at Varanasi's Rajghat Bridge PM Narendra Modi & UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav announced ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh each to the family members of those killed in the stampede and compensation of Rs 50,000 for the wounded. In pics: Stampede at Varanasi's Rajghat Bridge A government spokesman in Lucknow said that the situation in Chandauli is being monitored and all necessary measures were being taken. CM Akhilesh Yadav has ordered a probe into the matter.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi +
Deeply saddened by the loss of lives in the stampede in Varanasi. Condolences to the bereaved families. Prayers with those injured. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) 1476526874000
I have spoken to officials & asked them to ensure all possible help to those affected due to the stampede in Varanasi. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) 1476526918000
CHANDAULI/NEW DELHI: At least 24 people were killed in aat Rajghat bridge on the border of Varanasi and Chandauli where a large number of people had gathered for a religious event on Saturday afternoon.The incident took place when thousands of followers of religious leader Jai Gurudev were on their way to Domri village on the banks of the Ganga to take part in the two-day camp, police said.READ ALSO:About one lakh devotees took part in the procession despite the fact that permission was sought for a gathering of only 3,000 people.People from different places participated in the procession moving towards Domari village to join the assembly. The entire route witnesses a massive traffic jam due to the huge gathering of people. The stamped occurred when people were moving downward from the Rajghat bridge causing deaths of men and women.One person died due to suffocation on the bridge because of the surging crowd on the narrow Ganga bridge leading to rumours which resulted in the stampede, ADG law and order Daljit Chaudhary said.Spokesman of Jai Gurudev Sansthan Raj Bahadur said the devotees were proceeding towards the camp, but police started sending them back though they kept on thronging the bridge.This led to rumours that the bridge ahead has collapsed leading to stampede, Raj Bahadur said, alleging there was a serious lapse on the part of the administration., who is also the MP from Varanasi, expressed anguish over the incident and asked senior officials to take stock of the situation. He also announced a solatium of Rs 2 lakh each to the families of the deceased and Rs 50,000 to those injured."Deeply saddened by the loss of lives in the stampede in Varanasi . Condolences to the bereaved families. Prayers with those injured," the PM tweeted."I have spoken to officials and asked them to ensure all possible help to those affected due to the stampede in Varanasi," he said in another tweet.Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav announced an ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakhs each to next of kin of those killed and free treatment to the injured, who have been admitted to different hospitals in Varanasi and Chandauli, IG (Law and Order) Hariom Sharma said.Senior police and administration officials of Varansi and Chandauli have rushed to the spot to carry out relief and rescue operations.Sharma said an inquiry will be instituted to ascertain if any lapses led to the incident.Home Secretary S K Raghuvanshi and ADG (Law and Order) Daljit Chaudhary have rushed to monitor the rescue work, officials said in Lucknow.
Brent Barry, TNT's analyst for Thursday's Bulls-Knicks game, views Phil Jackson's latest experiment a lost cause and advocates Carmelo Anthony waive his no-trade clause to join a winner.
In a scathing review of the 17-21 Knicks, Barry also trashed starting center Joakim Noah, who will face his former team Thursday. Barry said he believes Noah no longer is in the right offensive system to hide his flaws nor has the lateral quickness to be the defender he once was.
Barry, making his comments hours before Derrick Rose failed to show up for Monday's blowout loss to New Orleans, contended he never saw Jackson's summer moves amounting to much, calling the mix of players “a weird recipe of player talent trying to mesh together.''
Now that talent is in dysfunction following Rose's decision not to tell the Knicks he was leaving to be with his mother in Chicago. Anthony picked up his third ejection of the season — plainly frustrated at the state of Jackson's mess with the club in a 1-8 free fall.
Hence, Barry, who will work Thursday's game with Marv Albert, said he believes Anthony should search for an escape hatch and exit a club he called “a '64 Volkswagen, it just keeps sputtering along.”
“It's his sixth season in New York and last summer's idea to appease not being in a rebuild but resurrecting Noah and Rose and putting more talent around Melo in order to be competitive, that hasn't played out,'' Barry told The Post. “What is the most important thing to you as a player? You don't have to prove anything more as a player — you've shown how great a scorer you are, how capable you are of being a pro and playing through injuries, dealing with scrutiny and handling it incredibly well. At what point do you really want to win? That bumps up to his argument of wanting to win in New York but that might not be the reality of your situation.
“If you would waive the no trade and make yourself available, you could go somewhere and impact how the last few years of your career goes in terms of winning basketball.”
A two-time NBA champion with the Spurs, Barry said he never understood the Noah signing for four years, $72 million.
“I was a little bit shocked,'' Barry said. “Who else was bidding for Noah's services? Maybe Washington. It was an interesting gamble in the sense the last couple of years he had not been healthy.”
Barry said Noah fit in well in an “intricately woven'' system in Chicago that allowed the offensively limited center to handle the ball, take advantage of his passing skill that “allowed him to flourish.'' He hasn't fit into Jeff Hornacek's offense, according to Barry.
“Going to a new system and new coach who doesn't know him that well, it's hard to understand how Hornacek would pull three-seasons-ago performances out of Joakim,'' Barry said. “He was relied on with the ball to do a lot of things for Chicago. He's already got Melo, Kristaps [Porzingis], along with Derrick.''
It's Noah's defense, however, that has slipped the most, said Barry, and he thinks backup Kyle O'Quinn should start over the 2014 Defensive Player of the Year. O'Quinn is 4-0 as starter when Noah is out.
“I look at the ‘13-14 season in Chicago, he almost played 3,000 minutes that year, the year before that, 2,500 minutes in a very rugged physical style,'' Barry said. “I don't know how the recovery from injuries has gone but certainly he has not looked like the player he was. But it's not a matter of looking. What drove Joakim was his energy level and spark he played with. On any given night, he musters that up, but it's not the level of fire we saw consistently in Chicago.
“I'm not saying he's not playing with passion but physically there are limitations. He's not impacting the game, doesn't have the ability or energy to move laterally or go vertical. He's never been a good shot-blocker but a position defender and that's a huge damaging impact on the backline of a very porous defense.
“It would be good to start games with somebody who has the ability to cover some ground with mobility and tell Jo to come off the bench and formulate something with Brandon Jennings and Kuz [Mindaugas Kuzminskas]. But it could be a tough sell.''
So are the Knicks' playoff chances.
Kalamazoo city hall, kalamazoo city commission, generic city hall, kalamazoo administration, city of kalamazoo
Kalamazoo City Hall was photographed In Kalamazoo, Mich., Thursday, Dec. 8, 2016. (Bryan Bennett | MLive.com)
(Bryan Bennett)
KALAMAZOO, MI -- During a Monday business meeting, several Kalamazoo City Commissioners took time to express reservations with President Donald Trump's 2018 budget proposal.
The city read proclamation recognizing the 15th year of "March for Meals Month," an annual campaign to bring awareness to Meals on Wheels programs across the country. In 1972, President Richard Nixon amended the Older Americans act to establish the program, which brings hot meals to seniors 60 years and older.
Five ways Donald Trump's budget proposal could impact Michigan Trump's plan still needs to clear Congress, but here are specific ways the proposal could impact Michigan residents.
Critics of Trump's preliminary budget proposal seeking $54 billion in cuts to federal spending, some to programs that provide a portion of funding to Meals on Wheels, used the potential effect on the senior program as an example of the budget's failings.
Though it is not a federal program, a statement issued by Meals on Wheels on March 16 said the nationwide network receives 35 percent of its total funding for the provision of home-delivered meals from the federal government. Funding is administered through the Older Americans Act, under the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
The impact on these funds has not yet been announced, the statement reads, however a $15.1 billion, 17.9 percent, cut is proposed for the Department of Health and Human Services.
Trump budget eliminates Great Lakes cleanup funds Republicans & Democrats criticize program cut.
After the proclamation, Mayor Bobby Hopewell brought up the possibility of cuts to the national program's funding source. Kalamazoo and Calhoun counties' program is already at capacity, with a waiting list of 250 people.
"Commissioners, if I'm not mistaken I think Meals on Wheels is one of those programs that our president is considering cutting," Hopewell said. "Just thought I would make mention of that."
During time set aside at the end of each meeting for commissioners to freely discuss non-agenda items, several spoke to concerns about other programs which could lose funding under Trump's budget.
However, they also noted that discretionary spending limits are set by Congress, which typically makes changes to the president's proposal each year.
"This is a proposed budget, this is not the budget," Hopewell said. "Not many presidents get their absolute budget, but the potential is there because this is a very odd time in our nation. If you don't let your voice be heard you are allowing this to happen."
Department of Housing and Urban Development
Commissioner Jack Urban was concerned with the elimination of $3 billion in Community Development Block Grants, which he said affects "a large potion" of the city's neighborhood outreach.
According to the "America First" budget blueprint, the federal government has spent more than $150 billion on this block grant since its inception in 1974. The blueprint states the program "is not well-targeted to the poorest populations and has not demonstrated results."
"I just want us as a commission to be thinking what can we do to discourage the president or our representatives from doing something that drastic and be thinking what we would do as a city to make whole whatever funding shortfalls occur on account of that," Urban said.
He said thanks to Kalamazoo's active philanthropic community, local resources could be found to compensate for the cut, but he hoped it won't come to that.
Department of Education
Trump's budget proposal also seeks to eliminate the 21st Century Community Learning Centers program, which supports before and after-school programs as well as summer programs, resulting in savings of $1.2 billion.
"The programs lacks strong evidence of meeting its objectives, such as improving student achievement," the document states.
Commissioner Shannon Sykes briefly spoke to the need for after-school programming.
"As someone who works in youth development, I cannot stress how detrimental that would be to our young people," Sykes said. "Kalamazoo is the city of the Promise, one of the biggest things we care about is the education of our young people. We are robbing them of any real opportunity to advance if we are taking away their after-school programming."
American Health Care Act
Commissioner Erin Knott, in anticipation of the House's upcoming Thursday vote on the American Health Care Act, announced a rally scheduled from 5 to 6 p.m. on Wednesday March 22 outside Rep. Fred Upton's Kalamazoo office.
"I'm not a big proponent of rallying but I am a a proponent that this proposal is detrimental not only to the state of Michigan, but residents here in Kalamazoo County," Knott said. "I encourage anyone watching to contact Congressman Upton and tell him to vote no."
Vice Mayor Cooney, who also encouraged residents to attend the rally, said the AHCA would cause 6,000 residents in the city of Kalamazoo to lose their health care.
The vote would land exactly seven years since the day President Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law on March 23, 2010.
"These are proposals and these are going to decide what kind of country are we and what kind of people are we," Cooney said. "We have a responsibility to let our elected officials in Washington know how we feel about these things. We have to take a stand."
Commissioners David Anderson and Matt Milcarek did not comment on Trump's budget proposal.
Hopewell ended the evening by telling residents that if they feel that these decisions are wrong, they should tell their family and friends and encourage them to take action.
Existor Profile Joined July 2010 Russian Federation 4282 Posts Last Edited: 2014-11-12 20:03:43 #1
Right-click to save
HD-sized PNG - download
Size: 4898 x 1774
Right-click to save
HD-sized PNG - download
Size: 4898 x 1774 Size: 4898 x 1774Size: 4898 x 1774
Hey TL.net community, I want to share with you some simple stuff - Legacy of the Void logo in high definition, taken from press-page, and official font, which was used in title.
http://blizzard.gamespress.com/en/StarCraft-II-Wings-of-Liberty
Download Press page with all the game materials. Here you can find some renders of LotV units in high resolution, their descriptions, also some info about LotV developers, hi-res screenshots and some artworks. Hey TL.net community, I want to share with you some simple stuff - Legacy of the Void logo in high definition, taken from press-page, and official font, which was used in title.
By Kathy Patalsky
Published 07/05/2015
This from scratch vegan cookies and cream ice cream is super healthy, yet still satisfies your classic cookies and cream craving. Ingredients Chocolate Sandwich Cookies:
3/4 cup flour (any variety)
1/4 cup cocoa powder
3 Tbsp coconut sugar
3 Tbsp vegan butter, melted
1 1/2 Tbsp water
Peanut Butter Filling for cookies:
2 Tbsp melted peanut butter
sweeten to taste (I used Medjool date paste - sugar could also be used)
Simple Banana Ice Cream:
3 frozen bananas (extra ripe when frozen)
1 cup frozen watermelon (or another frozen banana)
1/2 - 1 cup non-dairy milk (OR vegan creamer or coconut milk for richer ice cream)
optional: a few drops of vanilla extract or a vanilla bean pod for extra vanilla flavor Instructions Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease or line a baking sheet with parchment paper or non-stick liner. ASLO: Place a metal bread pan in the freezer at least 20 minutes before beginning he recipe. Add cocoa powder and flour to a large mixing bowl. Fold in the melted vegan butter, water and coconut sugar. Fold until a dough forms. Place dough in the freezer for 5-10 minutes to chill. Roll out cookie dough once it has chilled a bit. Roll to 1/8" thickness, or as desired. Bake cookies for ten minutes. Allow to cool fully before using in ice cream recipe. Cookies can quickly be chilled by placing the the freezer. Whip together the peanut butter filling. For extra thick filling, try using Medjool dates as the sweetener instead of a classic vegan sugar or liquid sweetener like maple syrup. Spread the peanut butter between two chilled cookies to create the sandwich cookies. Note: You could just use the chocolate cookies as is, with no filling. Add all vegan ice cream ingredients to a Vitamix or another high speed blender. Start out with just 1/2 cup liquid and add more than needed to blend. Blend until creamy smooth. Just before you end blending, add 1-2 cookies to the ice cream and allow them to blend into the ice cream to make tiny black specks. Quickly pour ice cream our into the chilled bread pan. Crumble about 3 or 4 cookies over top and fold them gently into the ice cream. Crumble a few more cookies on top. Place ice cream back in the freezer. Timing here is tricky. You want to chill the soft serve blender ice cream just enough so that it gently scoops into a cone, but not too long so that it gets hard and loses its silky texture. For me, about ten minutes usually does the trick. Scoop ice cream onto ice cream cones and garnish with whole cookies. Yield: 2 servings + extra cookies
Prep Time: 00 hrs. 20 mins.
Cook time: 00 hrs. 10 mins.
Total time: 30 mins.
Tags: ice cream , vegan , cookies and cream , dessert , cookies , chocolate , banana , blender , vitamix , diy , recipe Published
My favorite ice cream flavor ever:. This crumbly, softened dark black chocolate cookies crumbling their way through luscious, silky vanilla ice cream, white and black-speckled. Bits of rich cookie against the pure white vanilla simplicity. Flavors reminiscent of dunking a chocolate sandwich cooking in a chilled glass of (non-dairy) milk.There are a few C&C vegan ice creams in stores, but sometimes I find the store bought offerings to be a bit too sweet, sugar-infused and too dense in calories for me to really enjoy whenever I want.Enter this. Velvety vegan blender ice cream is the base, and my homemade chocolate sandwich cookies dance between the fluffy white ripples of frozen bliss. Scoop this cold creation onto a vegan ice cream cone and dessert bliss is yours... This recipe is not meant to be a classic representation of Cookies and Cream. That would require the cookies to be much sweeter, and the ice cream to be much higher in fat and sugar as well. But this vegan version I came up with really satisfied MY craving, so I hope it does for you as well.I decided to add a peanut butter accent to this recipe by filling the cookies with sweet peanut butter as the filling, instead of vanilla. However, you could try a filling with cocoa butter or cashew cream for a more classic white filling, but I really loved the peanut butter accent here.I made these cookies twice. Once with oat flour (gf) and once with wheat flour. Both versions were delicious, but the oat flour had a bit more of a nutty, oat-y, earthy flavor - more texture.If you are really craving a sweeter chocolate cookie, you can add in a few more teaspoons of sugar without compromising the overall consistency.Be sure to use unsweetened, vegan cocoa powder. Higher quality cocoa (or cacao) powder produces richer, more flavorful chocolate cookies.Roll out + cut cookies..The ice cream. Super simple, healthy and delicious.PB -filled sandwich cookies.Soft serve mixed with cookies.Ready to go.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Scottish National Party MP John Nicolson writes for PinkNews after his bill to pardon men with historical gay sex offences was blocked by the government in favour of a rival Lib Dem proposal.
Last Friday, Westminster was at its best and worst as MPs debated my Stonewall sponsored ‘Turing Bill' to pardon gay men found guilty of historic crimes no longer on the statute book.
I'd been drawn first in the Private Members' ballot, and had chosen a piece of legislation I knew could win all party support. In fact, I'd been approached by Tory whips earlier this summer, and in a scene straight from ‘House of Cards' was told that if I chose this bill they'd support me “with no tricks and no games.”
The Tories under Cameron had long been keen to repackage the party as friendly towards gay rights.
I'll return to events last Friday in a moment, but first let me say why I wanted to pass the Turing Bill.
When I was born in the 1960s two men who were in love could be sent to prison for what they chose to do in the privacy of their own home. It's hard now to fathom the mindset of those who defended such gross intrusion into the lives and rights of others.
Small wonder that it was hard to come out as gay. Who'd want to be gay in a country where you'd to hide who you were, and lie if you wanted to keep your job. It was, after all, legal to sack someone simply because you'd discovered he was gay.
You could refuse to rent a house to a gay person. You could arrest a gay couple if they shared a hotel room. And perhaps most horrifyingly of all, because of the discriminatory age of consent you could arrest a 21 year old for sleeping with his 20 year old boyfriend.
He could be tried, convicted, and sentenced for underage sex.
As a young journalist I made a film about how the law discriminated against gay men. I interviewed military personnel with exemplary records who'd been followed home by the military police, determined to investigate a tip off about a same-sex partner. If caught they'd be dismissed.
I interviewed gay men who'd been entrapped by ‘pretty policemen', a practice defended by Chief Constable Anderton of Greater Manchester, beloved of the tabloids as ‘God's Copper.'
He'd send out attractive young police officers to give gay men the eye. If the gay man responded, he'd be arrested, and his life ruined.
Gay men weren't protected by law. They were under sustained attack by the law.
I never forgot the men in that documentary and the ruined lives. So when I was chosen top of the Private Members' ballot I saw a golden opportunity to do some good by addressing the injustices of the past.
My Turing Bill – named after the war time codebreaking hero subsequently arrested for homosexuality and chemically castrated – was sponsored by Tory, Labour, and SNP MPs. It proposed a pardon for any gay man convicted of a crime which is no longer a crime.
It would confer no immediate advantage except this; it would, I hoped, bring closure to those men who'd had to endure, perhaps for decades, unfair criminal convictions.
So back to the debate last Friday. We heard some wonderful speeches from the SNP benches. But it was never my intention to make the issue party political, and I was delighted to see Labour and Tory MPs rise to speak.
The Conservative MP Iain Stewart talked about how tough it was to come out as a boy in Glasgow. And his colleague Nigel Adams said he was voting for my bill to atone for his vote against gay marriage. He gracefully apologised to family, friends, and constituents.
And then the Government minister Sam Gyimah rose to his feet at 2pm.
He knew if he talked for thirty minutes he would filibuster the bill, and it would be dead. And that was what he did, as the House booed with disgust.
One Conservative MP told his front bench he thought them “slippery and discourteous.” Another said ministers' behaviour “brought the House into disrepute.”
Mr Gyimah has been engaged in a furious press spin operation since Friday.
His most audacious claim seems to be that my Stonewall bill wasn't really the Turing Bill at all.
He says that an amendment accepted in the Lords on the Policing and Crime Bill to pardon the dead was the Turing Bill delivered. A bit like the Chinese claiming theirs is the real Panchen Lama, it's excruciating to watch the unconvincing contortions.
Then there is his claim that my bill would have ‘unintended consequences' allowing paedophiles to exploit the pardon passed by Parliament.
Let me knock that one on the head. The first clause of my Bill offered pardons ONLY for those found guilty of a crime no longer on the statute book. Since paedophilia remains a crime, paedophilic offences would not, by definition be covered by my bill.
I'm glad that the Government has promised that they will pardon the dead. But for me the living are infinitely more important.
We failed the living last Friday – men who wanted nothing other than an acknowledgement they'd done no wrong.
John Nicolson is the Member of Parliament for East Dunbartonshire
After years of languishing, virtual reality is suddenly all around us. High-quality consumer headsets are finally available for purchase, and there are a handful of phone-powered mobile VR options as well. Each platform comes with a way to download high-quality content like video games, short films, and other immersive experiences. One thing that's still lacking, though, is an easy and affordable way to live stream footage to all these headsets.
The Orah 4i could change that. It's a small and simple 4K camera rig that's being made by a company called VideoStitch, which has made stitching software for live-streamed 360-degree video for about four years. VideoStitch spent that time selling this software to companies that were ahead of the curve when it comes to live-streaming 360-degree video. But Dan Doornink, VideoStitch's vice president of strategic partnerships, says that the team kept seeing these companies run into a few major problems.
VideoStitch sees a gap in the VR camera market
One is that camera rigs that are currently capable of live-streaming are unwieldy, usually consisting of at least six GoPros. They're able to capture high-quality footage, but the hacked-together assembly is often accompanied by a mess of wires, all of which could get tangled, come unplugged, or fail. They also need to be hooked into a powerful computer to manage all the data, leading to complicated setups with little mobility.
There are a few purpose-built rigs on the market (like the JauntVR camera our team used to film our interview with Michelle Obama), but those are unreasonably expensive for anyone without a professional budget. Meanwhile, the low-end of the 360-degree camera market is growing thanks to companies like Samsung and Ricoh (and, soon, Nikon and GoPro), but those cameras don't offer live-streaming and shoot poor quality footage when compared to higher-end camera rigs.
So the VideoStitch team decided to plug this gap in the market by building their own solution. The result is the Orah 4i, a tiny four-camera rig that is cheaper and simpler to operate than anything offered by VideoStitch's competition.
The Orah 4i camera rig is pretty unremarkable to look at, which is a good thing — you don't want your subjects to be distracted by the camera when you're filming immersive content. VideoStitch's rig is much less intimidating and intrusive than the big, bulky ones made by high-end VR capture companies. Four f2.0 fisheye lenses poke out of the dark gray aluminum housing, and a standard tripod mount can be found on the bottom. Open up that housing and you wouldn't find much there either. Each of those lenses is attached to a Sony Exmor image sensor, and there are two Ambarella video chips, and four "ambisonic" microphones for recording 360-degree audio.
The Orah 4i is very inconspicuous
Adding to the camera's inconspicuous nature is the fact that it only needs one cord to operate. VideoStitch has placed all the processing components (an Intel CPU, Nvidia GPU, and a 120GB SSD) in what the company calls a "stitching box," which the Orah 4i connects to via an Ethernet cable. That cable transmits data and provides power to the camera, and the box can either sit under the tripod or be placed as far away as necessary, provided you have an Ethernet cord that's long enough.
The stitching box needs to be plugged in for the rig to work, but the overall package is still much simpler than just about anything else you could buy or rent at the moment. Doornink says you could even plug the stitching box into a small battery if you want the Orah 4i to be truly mobile.
Doornink and VideoStitch CEO Nicolas Burtey came to The Verge's office last week to give me a demo of the Orah 4i. In the time it took Doornink to introduce himself and explain the camera, Burtey had already set everything up. The duo were even carrying all the necessary equipment in just a few small backpacks. I strapped on the Gear VR that Burtey handed to me, and the camera was already streaming footage to the headset. And that footage looked excellent, despite that I was watching it on an older Galaxy Note 4 version of the Gear VR and that the camera was filming in the awful overhead lighting of one of our meeting rooms.
Most importantly, the video quality is solid
Burtey also let me watch a stream from a camera that was set up in VideoStitch's San Francisco office. It wasn't quite as clear as the footage from the camera that was set up a few feet from me, but it still looked as good (or better) than any other live-streamed 360-degree footage that I've seen. I wasn't able to identify any stitching lines in either video, too, which is no surprise given the company's history.
The simplicity and quality of the Orah 4i would be useless if the price wasn't competitive, but for the rest of April, VideoStitch is selling the whole setup for $1,800. Doornink says the price will gradually increase over the summer until the rig starts shipping in August. At that point, the final retail price will be $3,600. That's not necessarily cheap, but contrasted with the sticker price of most professional rigs (which run in the tens, or even hundreds of thousands of dollars) and it seems especially affordable.
Besides, Burtey and Doornink say, the Orah 4i isn't meant to replace those professional camera rigs. They hope that the price and simplicity will appeal to prosumers — small production houses or content studios, educational institutions, or even journalists. And if that winds up being the case, VideoStitch might just help to live-stream catch up to the rest of the VR industry.
The patterns and silhouettes of classically military apparel has proven to be a continual source of inspiration for East Coast-based label Profound Aesthetic since the brand's earliest stages. Whether it translates to the workwear-like bombers of its Fall 2014 collection to its most recent pre-Spring 2016 offerings grounded by a pocket-laden overcoat in a muted camo-print, the label continues to find new ways of incorporating familiar elements in a form that feels inherently fresh. And according to the just-released lookbook for its pre-Fall 2016 collection, Profound Aesthetic has proven that it is still finding new ways to mine this source material.
This is of course most clearly felt in the double-layered, heavy-duty trench coat in a traditional camo print. It is accentuated with a hood, a front-buttoned closure, and a variety of army patches stitched onto the sleeves and front of the coat. While the collection's color palette is predominantly neutral, the brand has continued to explore a piece or two in a vivid dark salmon color first hinted at in its preceding spring line.
Elsewhere in this season's offerings, one can find standout items like a pigment-dyed hoodie adorned with arm hem zips, a slick, lightweight jacked adorned with parachute-like buckles and straps, and a flight jacket with patches depicting Japanese characters and samurai iconography.
Profound Aesthetic's pre-Fall 2016 collection is available now on the brand's online store.
For the latest in collections for the upcoming fall season, check out this eclectic new array of apparel from Dutch label Scotch & Soda.
Subscribe
Less About Thinking: DYAD and the Metaphysics of Gaming
It is indeed the unique gaming experience when one achieves a moment of stasis, a state of equilibrium caused by opposing equal forces. In the case of Dyad, those forces – the player/agent and the game – relate mutually to internalize something which is wholly external or other.
Created by Shawn McGrath (RSBLSB Games), Dyad is an abstract, elemental combination tube racer, first-person shooter and puzzle game which comes together to create an engaging – nay, visceral – gaming experience. McGrath designed Dyad to be a learning experience wherein the player/agent develops the mechanical nuances of the game in order to more effectively communicate with it and ultimately with oneself. From this the metagame emerges. Dyad begins simply yet becomes more and more complex, demanding an increasing level of concentration so that the play becomes wholly automatic. As McGrath asserts, the game “juxtaposes the concept of flow or meditation on top of what you are doing and it becomes a commentary on your state of mind when you enter a meditative state [emphasis added].”
The notion of juxtaposition on top as opposed to against is crucial in that it implies a transcendental pairing of the player/agent and the game, forging a dialogue between the two which leads to a semblance of meditative stasis. Dyad is “less about thinking and more about…a motoric [sic.] type of play.”
Aesthetically Dyad is hypnotically nebular, blending a phantasmagoria of colors which lure the player/agent into the desired motoric state, in effect isolating the body from the equation. One becomes very much like the Cartesian ball of wax, yet once the corporeal is shed, instead of discovering the intellect, it is a moment of pure balance that is achieved as the agent and the game play into one another.
In demoing the game, McGrath unveiled The Machine [see video below], a motorized simulator made of scrap metal, wood, a projector and powered by a windshield wiper motor from a freightliner truck. Thoroughly stripped down yet surprisingly fluid, The Machine allowed players to take that necessary one step closer to the game and gain a true sense of what McGrath intended in regard to the relationship between the player and Dyad.
Yet PAX East was not the only place where one could play Dyad to its full potential. Schematics and source codes for The Machine will be available online in the coming weeks, well before the game's intended summer release on the Playstation Network.
~
Peter occasionally says something relevant on Twitter. Metatweets welcome @PeterLangCrime
Two articles in the Sunday New York Times, appearing side-by-side, together told the fundamental truth that our current discussion of economic policy ignores: Generating greater economic growth and ensuring that middle-class wages grow with productivity are essential for restoring shared prosperity and achieving our budget goals.
Steven Greenhouse's piece, “Our Economic Pickle,” states:
“Federal income tax rates will rise for the wealthiest Americans, and certain tax loopholes might get closed this year. But these developments, and whatever else happens in Washington in the coming debt-ceiling debate, are unlikely to do much to alter one major factor contributing to income inequality: stagnant wages.”
The article notes, “Wages have fallen to a record low as a share of America's gross domestic product” and quotes Harvard's Larry Katz appropriately summarizing the situation: “What we're seeing now is very disquieting.”
This is not totally new, as shown by the data from The State of Working America that Greenhouse cites: “From 1973 to 2011, worker productivity grew 80 percent, while median hourly compensation, after inflation, grew by just one-eighth that amount.”
These have been disappointing decades for the vast majority, and over the last 10 years, even college graduates have not seen any improvements in real wages and benefits. Employers have the upper hand in dealings with almost every segment of the workforce. This is no way to run an economy and we need to refocus economic policy on generating good jobs and economic security for workers at every skill and education level, starting with: a much higher minimum wage; taking necessary actions to dramatically lower unemployment; restoring the right to collective bargaining; and generally establishing labor standards so that competition between employers does not take the form of who can beggar their workforce the most.
Annie Lowrey's accompanying piece, “The Low Politics of Low Growth,” is a perfect complement and rightly points out:
“… growth has broadly disappeared from the fiscal discussion that continues to occupy Congress and the White House, a discussion that has focused obsessively on deficits and debts, spending and taxes and fairness. But growth will be one of the most crucial determinants of whether the country can find its way back to fiscal health in the long run.”
The article notes, “The deal just struck by Congress to remove the worst of the blow from the so-called fiscal cliff will nevertheless give the economy a cold chill of austerity this year,” lowering growth from “3 percent to 2 percent or even lower” because of the end of the payroll tax holiday and spending cuts. That is, economic policy is moving us in the wrong direction.
Some economists argue that we should undertake a plan of long-term deficit reduction coupled with short-term job creation measures. The problem with this is that the chorus of people advocating for a long-term deficit plan NOW, NOW, NOW, drowns out the more urgent need for job creation. And, many of those who do argue for this combination seem unduly silent and passive about the short-term needs, almost as if they are covering their, well, whatevers.
We are having the wrong conversation. Let's focus on jobs and restoring wage growth.
March 26, 2015 (KHARTOUM) – The Sudanese army said on Thursday that its troops are heading to unspecified areas in Saudi Arabia to participate in the Saudi-led military action against Shiite Houthi militants allied with Iran, who have taken control of Yemen since September 2014.
People react as they search for survivors under the rubble of houses destroyed by an air strike near Sanaa Airport March 26, 2015. (REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah)
In the air assault codenamed "Operation Decisive Storm," Saudi Arabia deployed some 100 fighter jets, 150,000 soldiers and other navy units, Saudi-owned al-Arabiya TV reported.
Al-Arabiya said that aircraft from the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait, Jordan, Morocco, Sudan and Egypt were involved though it was not clear which carried out actual strikes.
Starting before dawn, Saudi warplanes pounded an air base, military bases and anti-aircraft positions in the capital of Sana'a and flattened a number of homes near the airport, killing at least 18 civilians, including six children according to Associated Press (AP). Another round followed in the evening, again rocking the city.
Sudan's defence minister Abdel-Rahim Mohamed Hussein said at a press conference in Khartoum today that his country will send ground and air forces to participate in “Operation Decisive Strom”.
“We began the mechanical movement towards military operations area alongside the Saudi forces”, he added without offering details on the composition of the force or the types of jets used.
In response to a question on the possible negative effects of this participation on Sudan's relations with Iran, Hussein asserted that “security of Saudi Arabia is a red line for us”.
Sudanese army spokesperson Colonel al-Sawarmi Khaled Sa'ad said in a separate statement that this move comes within the framework of intimate ties between with Saudi Arabia and to protect the Two Holy Mosques.
Col. Sa'ad said that the “Arab-Muslim people of Sudan will not remain idle while Muslim's Qibla [sacred direction] and the land of revelation is facing danger” emphasizing that this reflects the Sudanese nation's desire to protect the Islamic holy places.
The statement disclosed that Sudan's defence minister discussed on Thursday morning with the Saudi military attaché to Khartoum Ibrahim Osman al-Omair, arrangements pertaining to the participation of the Sudanese troops in the campaign.
He added that Sudan's top military official defence minister also had a telephone conversation on Wednesday evening with the Saudi chief of staff, Abdel-Rahman Bin Salih al-Banian, in the same regard.
“The armed forces began to move towards the military operations zones”, the spokesperson said.
Earlier today, Sudan's foreign minister Ali Karti had confirmed Sudan's military participation in the coalition led by the Saudi Arabia against the Shiite Houthi militants in Yemen.
Sudan's decision is based on its commitment to the security of the region and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Karti told the official news agency (SUNA).
Karti added that Khartoum's decision to join the coalition was triggered by "Sudan's proximity to Saudi Arabia, the historical close ties (between the two countries) and the danger that threatens all of the region and Saudi Arabia specifically".
The minister further said that the purpose is to defend the security of Saudi Arabia, Sudan's security and the security of the region in general.
Saudi Arabia's state news agency (SPA) had said that Sudan, Jordan, Morocco, Egypt and Pakistan are prepared to participate in a potential ground offensive in Yemen.
The assault will come from Saudi Arabia and by landings on Yemen's coasts along the Red and Arabian seas, according to three Egyptian military and security officials who spoke to AP.
Three to five Egyptian troop carriers are stationed offshore, they said, although the number of troops was not specified, and the timing of the operation was not given.
The aim is not to occupy Yemen but to weaken the Houthis and their allies until they enter negotiations for power-sharing, the officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk about the plans with the press.
On Wednesday the Sudanese president Omer Hassan al-Bashir concluded a one-day state visit to Saudi Arabia today in which he met with King Salman Bin Abdel Aziz and his son Mohamed who is the kingdom's defence minister.
The trip represents a thaw in relations between the two countries which has been tense in recent years because of Khartoum's close ties with Iran.
In the past there were also reports that Sudan has been providing weapons to Houthi rebels on behalf of Iran.
Iran denounced the Saudi-led air campaign, saying it "considers this action a dangerous step”.
The Saudi ambassador in Washington Adel al-Jubeir said at a news conference in Washington on Thursday that Iran has been a major backer of the Houthis, with Revolutionary Guard officers and operatives from the Iran-backed Lebanese militia Hezbollah on the ground advising the rebels.
Saudi Arabia and fellow Sunni-led allies in the Gulf and the Middle East view the Houthi takeover as an attempt by Iran to establish a proxy on the kingdom's southern border. Iran and the Houthis deny that Tehran arms the rebel movement, though it says it provides diplomatic and humanitarian support.
(ST)
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's been a summer like no other at Anfield. Liverpool waved goodbye to one of the greatest talents ever to pull on the shirt and embarked on the biggest spending spree in the club's history.
Yet despite that eye-catching figure of £100milllion being shelled out on eight new signings, context is vital. The Reds have significantly strengthened their squad with a net spend of just £20million. Considering the huge influx of TV money and the financial rewards of returning to the Champions League, Liverpool certainly haven't over-stretched themselves.
It's been a calm and measured approach to life without Luis Suarez and the cash is there for Brendan Rodgers to secure the striker he requires if the right deal can be done between now and September 1.
Liverpool's transfer business has been impressive and the man responsible for all those negotiations has kept a very low profile. Ian Ayre has come in for plenty of stick from Liverpool fans in recent years but even his harshest critics would have to admit he's played a blinder this summer.
The image of Ayre among a section of the club's supporters has always been at odds with how he's viewed by owners Fenway Sports Group.
Fans blamed him in previous windows when Liverpool tried and failed to land the likes of Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Diego Costa, Willian, Mohamed Salah and Yevhen Konoplyanka. Some suggested he was out of his depth.
Yet he wasn't operating with a blank cheque book like at Chelsea or Manchester City. He was working on orders from FSG, who demanded value and that the club lived within its means.
Ayre, who was appointed as commercial director by Tom Hicks and George Gillett in 2007, was someone else's man when John W Henry and Tom Werner bought Liverpool in October 2010. Yet rather than show him the door, two very shrewd and successful businessmen made him manage director the following year. Another promotion followed two months ago with his appointment as chief executive. His stock in Boston has never been higher.
Liverpool didn't even announce his recent change of job title as Ayre, who has rarely given interviews over the past 12 months, was keen for it to go under the radar. His work since then has done the talking for him.
Once Barcelona made their move for Suarez, Ayre ensured it was dealt with quickly and decisively, knowing a drawn-out saga could have severely hampered Liverpool's preparations for the new season.
The Catalans were told that they could forget about trying to get him on the cheap and that Suarez would only move if the release clause was met. Crucially, Ayre had protected the club's investment last December when he convinced Suarez to pen a new contract.
The deals to bring players to Anfield this summer haven't been straightforward but Liverpool have got their men. The pursuit of Adam Lallana, Dejan Lovren and Alberto Moreno took months as their clubs demanded higher fees. Irate fans demanded that Ayre just splashed the extra millions but instead he stood his ground. Both Southampton and Sevilla eventually back-tracked and accepted offers they had initially spurned.
Landing Lazar Markovic from Benfica was complex as he was part-owned by an investment fund, while the Reds had to move fast to take advantage of a clause in Emre Can's contract which enabled a foreign club to get him for £10million before Bayern Munich could exercise their buyback option.
Ayre, who enjoys a close relationship with Rodgers, is the crucial link between the manager, the recruitment team and the American owners. The lifelong Kopite has played a vital role in ensuring Liverpool are ready for the big kick-off.
Sturridge has to dig deep as Anfield's main man
There is plenty of responsibility resting on Daniel Sturridge's shoulders going into the new season.
The England striker, who will make his 50th appearance for Liverpool in tomorrow's season opener against Southampton at Anfield, will be the focal point of the Reds' attack.
His record suggests he can handle the increased expectation levels. Only George Allan with 41 goals in the late 19th century has been more prolific in his first half century of games for the club.
Sturridge has netted 35 times following his £12million move from Chelsea and considering the number of occasions he's been asked to operate from a wider role that's a remarkable tally. Yet for Sturridge to truly take on the mantle from Luis Suarez this season Liverpool need him to push himself to the limit over the next nine months.
There were times last season when Sturridge missed training and matches with minor knocks, while Suarez always insisted on being patched up and sent back out for duty.
With the added demands of Champions League football this term, feeling 100% every single time you step out on to the pitch simply isn't realistic.
● If Steven Gerrard scores from the spot tomorrow he will become the highest scorer of penalties in Liverpool's history. The Reds skipper is currently level with Jan Molby on 42.
Teixeira needs to impress with Sami
Liverpool starlet Joao Carlos Teixeira must grab his chance to impress at Brighton after linking up with Kop legend Sami Hyypia.
It's a great move for the Portuguese attacking midfielder, who needs to play regular first-team football after the relative comfort of life in the Reds' under-21s.
Teixeira, who made his Reds debut at Fulham in February, is a genuine talent. But at the age of 21 the clock is ticking if he's going to make it at Anfield. The hope is that a spell in the Championship will be the making of him.
Kelly sees lighter side of Pulis exit
Martin Kelly saw the funny side of a dramatic start to life at Crystal Palace. Within hours of the 24-year-old completing his £1.5million move from Liverpool, Tony Pulis parted company with the Eagles after falling out with co-chairman Steve Parish over transfer policy.
Caretaker manager Keith Millen said: “I was in the car park when Martin pulled up – he got out and said, 'I didn't think I trained that badly yesterday'. I had a chat with him in the office because it was important he understood it was a club decision to bring him here.”
Government areas in Kabul and several other key locations in Afghanistan rocked by gunfire and explosions
In a brazen demonstration of its ability to hit some of the best defended targets in Kabul, the Taliban mounted its largest ever co-ordinated attack in 11 years of resistance to Afghanistan's post-2001 rulers.
Dozens of fighters launched gun, rocket and suicide attacks on embassies, Nato bases, parliament and government buildings in the capital, as well as Nato targets in three eastern provinces, in what a spokesman called a "spring offensive" to demonstrate its strength. Five hours later, as dusk fell, gun battles were still raging in Kabul. The British embassy was among the targets, but insurgents succeeded only in damaging a gate.
Nato forces quickly dismissed the attacks as "largely ineffective" and emphasised that it was Afghan army forces, not Nato units, that dealt with the onslaught. Afghan units had sustained "light casualties while killing or capturing many of the suicide attackers in a matter of hours." Witnesses reported seeing some bodies in the street, but there was no official word on any deaths. The Taliban said that the attacks, which were two months in the planning, served to show the insurgency "can attack anywhere we want". The attacks resembled an audacious assault in September when gunmen stormed an abandoned, half-built tower from where they fired rockets at the US embassy, prompting a 20-hour siege by Afghan special forces.
This time the scale of the attack in the capital alone was even greater. At least seven sites across the heavily guarded city were targeted, raising worrying questions about the organisation's continued potency despite intense US efforts to degrade them on the battlefield.
In the south-west of Kabul insurgents managed to climb a five-storey building site from where they fired on the Afghan parliament, the commerce ministry and the Russian embassy. Some members of parliament, which is full of battle-hardened former mujahideen commanders who fought a guerrilla campaign against Soviet occupying forces in the 1980s, grabbed weapons and joined parliamentary guards to try to repel the attack.
Pamir Patang, chief of staff at the neighbouring commerce ministry, said that the military attache at the nearby Russian embassy had reported that Russian soldiers inside the compound returned fire on the multistory building site from which they were being attacked, in what could be the first time Russians have been engaged in combat in Afghanistan since 1989.
A high profile Afghan MP, Wazhma Frogh, who was caught up in the attacks near the British embassy gave a scathing verdict on the response of police: "I was nearly shot in the back as I was walking down the street, not by a terrorist but by the Afghan police who were just shooting at everything," she said. "They had no idea where they were firing."
The attacks, Frogh said, cast doubt on Nato's transition plan, which aims to hand over full responsibility for security to the Afghan government by the end of 2014.
"This shows just how ridiculous the transition policy is. I've never seen a street battle before, but what I saw today was the fragility of these police officers. It really shows how poor police training has been.
"At the same time the insurgency has been so smart," she added. "They have become so sophisticated and well trained. They can attack major buildings if they want and our intelligence agencies have no idea."
But Gen John Allen, commander of the International Security Assistance Force, said he was "enormously proud" of the response mounted by Afghan security forces. He added: "No one is underestimating the seriousness of the attacks, and we'll work hard to determine the circumstances that led to today's events."
In the past such elaborate attacks on the Afghan capital have been blamed on the Haqqani network, a group allied to the Taliban with a proven ability to mount complex, headline grabbing operations.
Even as the attacks continued, Afghan analysts pointed the finger of blame at Pakistan's military spy agency, Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), which has been linked to previous Haqqani attacks.
Patang said it was too early to say with any certainty whether the ISI was to blame. "However, what we can say for sure is that so many simultaneous attacks in different places around the country can only be sponsored violence. This is an insurgency that can only be supported by a professional intelligence agency."
Pakistan's foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar expressed her country's "deep concern" at reports of the attacks in Afghanistan. "Pakistan strongly condemns terrorism in all forms and has consistently encouraged dialogue to resolve issues in Afghanistan," she said.
Directly to the south of Kabul, in Logar province, a group of suicide bombers managed to enter the offices of the provincial governor and the police chief.
In the east, two suicide bombers blew themselves up outside Jalalabad's airport, wounding several people.
And in Gardez, in the eastern province of Paktia, several gunmen attacked a police training centre.
As the Afghan capital erupted in gunfire, the streets of the central shopping district, Shar-e-Naw, emptied as shop owners closed down and went home.
However, many Kabul residents have become remarkably desensitised to outbreaks of violence.
"All the internationals got up and left, but the Afghans just stayed to finish their meals," said businessman Khaleeq Ahmad who was having lunch on the top floor restaurant of one Kabul's most exclusive hotels when gunfire broke out all around the city. "Afghans are pretty resilient. They have seen so many things they just don't care," he said.
Nonetheless, he said many Kabul residents will be shocked by the scale of violence after a lull in Taliban activity of seven months, which by Kabul standards is a long time.
"Of course it will scare people for a while," he said. "But everyone has kind of got used to it. It doesn't stop their daily lives."
Total Eclipse is a 1995 film directed by Agnieszka Holland, based on a 1967 play by Christopher Hampton, who also wrote the screenplay. Based on letters and poems, it presents a historically accurate account of the passionate and violent relationship between the two 19th-century French poets Paul Verlaine (David Thewlis) and Arthur Rimbaud (Leonardo DiCaprio), at a time of soaring creativity for both men.
Plot [ edit ]
The older Paul Verlaine meets Arthur Rimbaud's sister, Isabelle, in a café in Paris. Isabelle and her mother want Verlaine to hand over any copies he may still have of Rimbaud's poems so that they can burn them; they fear the lewdness of his writings. Verlaine reflects on the wild relationship he had had with Rimbaud, beginning when the teenaged Rimbaud had sent his poetry to Verlaine from his home in the provinces in 1871. Verlaine, instantly fascinated, impulsively invites him to his rich father-in-law's home in Paris, where he lives with his young, pregnant wife. The wild, eccentric Rimbaud displays no sense of manners or decency whatsoever, scandalising Verlaine's pretentious, bourgeois in-laws.
Verlaine is seduced by the 16-year-old Rimbaud's physical body as well as by the unique originality of his mind. The staid respectability of married, heterosexual life and easy, middle class surroundings had been stifling Verlaine's admittedly sybaritic literary talent. His taking up with Rimbaud is as much a rebellion and a liberation as it is a giving in to self-indulgence and masochism. Rimbaud acts as sadistically to Verlaine as does Verlaine to his young wife, whom he eventually deserts. A violent, itinerant relationship ensues between the two poets, the sad climax of which arrives in Brussels when a drunken and enraged Verlaine shoots and wounds Rimbaud and is sentenced a fine and two years in prison for sodomy and grievous bodily harm.
In prison, Verlaine converts to Christianity, to his erstwhile lover's disgust. Upon release he meets Rimbaud in Germany, vainly and mistakenly seeking to revive the relationship. The two men part, never to meet again. Bitterly renouncing literature in any form, Rimbaud travels the world alone, finally settling in Abyssinia (modern day Ethiopia) to run a "trading post". There he has a mistress and possibly a young boy-lover. A tumour in his right knee forces him back to France where his leg is amputated. Nevertheless, the cancer spreads and he dies at the age of 37. When he dies, the image of one of his most famous poems, Le Dormeur du val, appears.
During her conversation with Verlaine, Isabelle Rimbaud asserts that her brother had accepted confession from a priest right before he died, showing Christian penitence, which is why only the censored versions of his poetry should survive. Verlaine pretends to agree but tears up her card after she leaves. Later, Verlaine, drinking absinthe (to which he has become addicted), sees a vision of the sixteen-year-old Rimbaud, returned from some transcendent realm to express the love and respect Verlaine has thus posthumously earned. The film ends with the young Rimbaud walking alone on a mountain range, Verlaine proclaiming that they were both happy together, and Rimbaud claiming to have finally found eternity.
Cast [ edit ]
Critical response [ edit ]
Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a 25% "rotten" score with critics (four of the sixteen reviews being positive) against a 61% score with audiences.[3]
DVD [ edit ]
In 1999, a DVD edition of the film was released. It features both a widescreen and fullscreen version of the film on the same disc as well as the film trailer.
See also [ edit ]
We've forgotten what belongs on Page One.
Dr. Kermit Gosnell in March 2010 (Photo11: Yong Kim, AP) Story Highlights Butchering babies that were already born and were older than the state's 24-week limit for abortions is the story.
That one is murder and the other is a legal procedure is morally irreconcilable.
This is not about being "pro-choice" or "pro-life." It is about basic human rights.
Infant beheadings. Severed baby feet in jars. A child screaming after it was delivered alive during an abortion procedure. Haven't heard about these sickening accusations?
It's not your fault. Since the murder trial of Pennsylvania abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell began March 18, there has been precious little coverage of the case that should be on every news show and front page. The revolting revelations of Gosnell's former staff, who have been testifying to what they witnessed and did during late-term abortions, should shock anyone with a heart.
NBC-10 Philadelphia reported that, Stephen Massof, a former Gosnell worker, "described how he snipped the spinal cords of babies, calling it, 'literally a beheading. It is separating the brain from the body." One former worker, Adrienne Moton, testified that Gosnell taught her his "snipping" technique to use on infants born alive.
Massof, who, like other witnesses, has himself pleaded guilty to serious crimes, testified "It would rain fetuses. Fetuses and blood all over the place." Here is the headline the Associated Press put on a story about his testimony that he saw 100 babies born and then snipped: "Staffer describes chaos at PA abortion clinic."
"Chaos" isn't really the story here. Butchering babies that were already born and were older than the state's 24-week limit for abortions is the story. There is a reason the late Democratic senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan called this procedure infanticide.
Planned Parenthood recently claimed that the possibility of infants surviving late-term abortions was "highly unusual." The Gosnell case suggests otherwise.
Regardless of such quibbles, about whether Gosnell was killing the infants one second after they left the womb instead of partially inside or completely inside the womb — as in a routine late-term abortion — is merely a matter of geography. That one is murder and the other is a legal procedure is morally irreconcilable.
A Lexis-Nexis search shows none of the news shows on the three major national television networks has mentioned the Gosnell trial in the last three months. The exception is when Wall Street Journal columnist Peggy Noonan hijacked a segment on Meet the Press meant to foment outrage over an anti-abortion rights law in some backward red state.
The Washington Post has not published original reporting on this during the trial and The New York Times saw fit to run one original story on A-17 on the trial's first day. They've been silent ever since, despite headline-worthy testimony.
OUR VIEW: If Plan B goes OTC, common sense suffers
OPPOSING VIEW: 'Plan B' contraception ruling correct
COLUMN: No woman should have to wait for Plan B
Let me state the obvious. This should be front page news. When Rush Limbaugh attacked Sandra Fluke, there was non-stop media hysteria. The venerable NBC Nightly News' Brian Williams intoned, "A firestorm of outrage from women after a crude tirade from Rush Limbaugh," as he teased a segment on the brouhaha. Yet, accusations of babies having their heads severed — a major human rights story if there ever was one — doesn't make the cut.
You don't have to oppose abortion rights to find late-term abortion abhorrent or to find the Gosnell trial eminently newsworthy. This is not about being "pro-choice" or "pro-life." It's about basic human rights.
The deafening silence of too much of the media, once a force for justice in America, is a disgrace.
Kirsten Powers is a member of USA TODAY's Board of Contributors, a Fox News political analyst and columnist for The Daily Beast.
In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/XE6HK7
This much was clear as investigators began to probe the loss of the SpaceX Falcon 9/Dragon resupply mission loss: The U.S. is at least temporarily without a means of launching astronauts and cargo to the six-person International Space Station, placing a growing burden on Russia to do what it can to keep the outpost minimally equipped and staffed.
So far, tensions between Washington and Moscow over Russia's intrusion into Ukraine have not seeped into the deceptively tenuous U.S.-led day-to-day operations of the 15-nation station program.
However, Russia, too, is recovering from the failed April 28 launch of its Progress M-27M/59 ISS cargo mission. Russia's federal space agency, Roscosmos, hopes to turn the loss around on July 3 with the launching of the Progress M-28M/60 cargo mission, but is slated to use the same Soyuz 2/1a launch vehicle that contributed to an out of control third-stage separation and subsequent uncontrolled re-entry with the loss of more than three tons of fuel, food, clothing, spare parts and other supplies.
That compounded the re-supply difficulties triggered by the Oct. 28 launch explosion of Orbital ATK's third Antares/Cygnus mission as it lifted off from Wallops Island, Va., with 4,800 pounds of supplies and science experiments, some of which were re-gathered and aboard the Falcon9/Dragon.
“We are disappointed in the loss of the latest SpaceX cargo resupply mission to the International Space Station,” Administrator Charles Bolden stated Sunday. “However, the astronauts are safe aboard the station and have sufficient supplies for the next several months. We will work closely with SpaceX to understand what happened, fix the problem and return to flight. The commercial cargo program was designed to accommodate loss of cargo vehicles. “A Progress vehicle is ready to launch July 3, followed in August by a Japanese HTV flight. Orbital ATK, our other commercial cargo partner, is moving ahead with plans for its next launch later this year. “
Down to two Russian and one American crew member as a consequence of the Progress M-27M loss, the ISS is provisioned through October, less than the normal six-month supply cushion that NASA's Mike Suffredini, the ISS program manager, and his Mission Management Team prefer. Their expectation was that the lost Dragon CRS-7 mission, one of eight U. S. Russian and Japanese cargo flights planned for the remainder of this year, would restore the six-month cushion by the start of 2016.
"We're getting close to six months," Suffredini told a June 26 pre-launch news briefing. "It's not a hard requirement. We are trying to get there while still carrying the spare parts we need and of course all the research we need. But I think by the end of the year, we will be closer to where we would like to be, which is closer to about five to six months. We will try to stay there and gradually get ourselves all the way back up to six months."
Also lost aboard the Dragon CRS-7 was the first of two NASA/Boeing-developed International Docking Adaptors that were to fly to the station in 2015. NASA intended to install the IDA-1 with spacewalks late this summer to establish the first ISS docking port for its Commercial Crew Program Boeing CST-100 and SpaceX crewed Dragon vehicles by the end of 2015.
While NASA did not provide a cost estimate for the IDA-1, it is part of a $100 million development effort to equip the station with two docking ports for Boeing and SpaceX commercial crew vehicles.
The installation of IDA-1 on an external station docking port once used by NASA's retired space shuttle fleet was initially planned for late July. The installation was delayed by the Progress M-27M launch failure. Preparations to restore the ISS to six crew, including a second NASA astronaut for the spacewalk, were put on hold until July 22 so that the Russians could demonstrate a recovery from the failed launch before they placed U.S. Japanese and Russian astronauts on a normally reliable FG version of the Soyuz rocket.
Delivery of the second IDA was tentatively planned for the ninth Falcon 9/Dragon CRS mission planned for a Dec. 9 liftoff.
The loss of the first IDA compounds already mounting problems for NASA's Commercial Crew Program, which is seeking $1.24 billion in its 2016 budget to keep efforts in place to resume U.S. launchings of astronauts to the station by the end of 2017. House and Senate appropriators are providing hundreds of millions of dollars below the figure that NASA administrator Charles Bolden has warned is mandatory if the commercial crew initiative is to meet its target.
NASA's station-resupply strategy began to unravel on Oct. 28, as Orbital ATK's (then Orbital Sciences) third NASA contracted Antares/Cygnus re-supply mission exploded seconds after liftoff from Wallops Island, Va.,
An investigation into the cause of the mishap continues, though participants point to a failure of a turbopump in a Russian supplied first stage rocket engine.
Currently, Orbital ATK is prepping for the launching of its next ISS cargo mission in mid-November, using a United Launch Alliance Atlas V launch vehicle as a substitute for the Antares. Orbital intends to resume launchings at Wallops with a re-engined Antares next year.
The European Space Agency's reliable and capable ISS Automated Transfer Vehicle resupply missions came to an end in February after five flights. ESA has moved from ISS re-supply activities to partner with NASA for the development of a service module for the unpiloted Space Launch System/Orion Exploration Mission test flight planned for 2018.
Meanwhile, the space agency is in the process of re-competing its U. S. ISS commercial resupply needs in order to support an extension of station operations from 2020 to 2024.
SpaceX and Orbital led the way with contracts awarded in late 2008, $1.6 billion to SpaceX for at least 12 missions, $1.9 billion to Orbital ATK for at least eight flights.
Runglish, Rusinglish, Ruglish or Russlish (Russian: русинглиш / рунглиш, rusinglish / runglish), is a Russian–English macaronic language.
The term "runglish" was popularized in 2000 as a name for one of the languages aboard the International Space Station. Cosmonaut Sergei Krikalyov said: "We say jokingly that we communicate in 'Runglish,' a mixture of Russian and English languages, so that when we are short of words in one language we can use the other, because all the crew members speak both languages well." NASA has since begun listing Runglish as one of the on-board languages.[1] Although less widespread than other pidgins and creoles, such as Tok Pisin, Runglish is spoken in a number of English-Russian communities, most notably the Russian-speaking community of Brighton Beach in Brooklyn, New York.[2]
In literature [ edit ]
Some notable novels have foreshadowed the development of Runglish. A small subplot in Arthur C. Clarke's novel 2010: Odyssey Two concerned the crew of a Russo-American spaceship, who attempted to break down boredom with a Stamp Out Russlish!! campaign. As the story went, both crews were fully fluent in each other's languages, to the point that they found themselves crossing over languages in mid-conversation, or even simply speaking the other language even when there was no-one who had it as their native tongue present. Anthony Burgess' novel A Clockwork Orange has a famous form of Runglish called Nadsat. (See: Concordance: A Clockwork Orange) Less famously (but also in science fiction), Robert Heinlein's novel ‘'The Moon is a Harsh Mistress'' is written in the heavily Russian-influenced English (much Russian vocabulary, some Russian grammar) of a joint Australian/Russian penal colony on the Moon.
Official resistance [ edit ]
The Russian government declared 2007 to be the "Year of the Russian Language". It has been claimed that this was in part to give support to what is seen as proper Russian against such influences as the spread of English and Runglish.[3] Yuri Prokhorov, the head of the Russian State Institute of Foreign Languages, stated that "Young people always develop fashionable ways of communicating. (But) it is Russian words used incorrectly that damages the purity of the language, not the introduction of foreign words."[3]
Examples [ edit ]
Appointments: Аппойнтменты ( Appoyntmenty ) [2]
) Iced Coffee: Айсд кофе ( Aisd kofe ) [2]
) Would you like that sliced or in one piece?: Вам наслайсовать или писом? ( Vam naslaysovat' ili pisom? ) [4]
) Driving upstate on the highways: Драйвуем в апстейт по хайвеям ( Drayvuyem v apsteyt po khayveyam ) [5]
) Sliced Cheese: Наслайсаный чиз ( Naslaysaniy chiz ) [5]
) To merge branches: Смержить бранчи ( Smerzhit' branchi ) [2]
) To manage: Сменеджить ( Smenedzhit' )
) I sent you message with attached request: Я засендил тебе месседж с приаттаченым реквестом (Ya zasendil tebe messedzh s priattachenym rekvestom)
About
Re-Launch Coming Soon...
Please sign up to get notified of our upcoming Re-Launch (and get some amazing early bird offers and free upgrades!!!)
Rolling Dice Has Never Felt So Good
The first thing you'll notice when you roll a pair of SnapDice in our tray is the satisfying "SNAP" sound of the steel dice tumbling across the exotic hardwood surface and snapping into place over the magnets. This is unlike any dice tray you've ever tried. It is an experience you don't want to miss.
See the Snap in Action
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Watch Real People React
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Here is how people responded the first time they threw the steel dice into our SnapDice tray:
“Woah…woah…woah…okay, that's cool. I like that!”
“Oh, that's really fun! ”
“That's pretty cool…That's SUPER cool!”
“That's way cool!”
“Oh, wow! That's really cool!”
“What!?!”
Pledge Calculator
Click Here to go to our Pledge Calculator
Precision Machined, Perfectly Balanced
The 14mm steel dice are absolutely beautiful. They are precision machined, then nickel plated with sharply contrasting pips. The steel gives them a solid feel in your hand. But, they aren't just beautiful to look at and great to hold. SnapDice are carefully engineered to keep the center of gravity within .001mm of center. The pips are each machined at different depths so that the result is a perfectly balanced dice with completely random rolling results. For those of you who are self proclaimed nerds, below is the math behind this to ensure the center of gravity is in the dead center of the dice:
Precision Machined, Perfectly Balanced Steel Dice
D = X - sqrt((Q^2 - 2*Q*X)*Z*N + X^2*N^2)/N where X is half of the dice width, D is the depth of the dependent holes (which are to be optimized), Q is the independent hole depth, Z is the number of independent holes on the dice & N the number of dependent holes on the dice.
2D Spec Sheet Drawings
Wood Choices
Choose from 8 unique wood types for your SnapDice rolling tray:
Level 1 Wood Choice
Level 2 Wood Choices
Level 3 Wood Choices
Level 4 Wood Choice
Level 5 Wood Choice
Dice Colors
Each SnapDice rolling tray comes with 2 precision machined steel dice. You can choose the color as antique silver or antique gold. Additional dice may also be purchased with your tray (see the Pledge Calculator).
Antique Silver
Antique Gold
Polyhedral Sets
We are also offering full polyhedral sets in antique bronze or antique silver. A complete polyhedral set include 7 dice: D4, D6, D8, D10, D10%, D12 & D20.
Our polyhedral dice are probably the most satisfying polyhedrals you've ever tossed. These dice use numerals rather than pips. Because of the numerals, they are not perfectly balanced like SnapDice D6, but they are pretty amazing dice in their own right. The solid roll of the steel and the snap to the board are enough to turn heads at your next game. Click on any of these CAD pictures below to see a full 3D view of each of the dice.
D4
D4: http://bit.ly/SnapDiceD4
D6
D6: http://bit.ly/SnapDiceD6
D8
D8: http://bit.ly/SnapDiceD8
D10
D10: http://bit.ly/SnapDiceD10
D10 Percentage
D10 Percentage: http://bit.ly/SnapDiceD10Percentage
D12
D12: http://bit.ly/SnapDiceD12
D20
D20: http://bit.ly/SnapDiceD20
Dice Cups & Pouches
Want a premium leather dice rolling cup with the SnapDice logo? Or how about a soft leather drawstring dice pouch with the SnapDice logo debossed into the leather? Each dice pouch can comfortably hold 6 dice. You can add these to your pledge total (see the Pledge Calculator).
Premium Leather Dice Rolling Cup
Soft Leather Dice Bag
Wood Inlay or Dovetail Upgrades
Want to make your tray stand out even more? You can add a beautiful real wood inlay or a custom dovetail to the outside of your tray. The intricacy of the design of these add a nice contrast and will set apart your tray as unique. You can add this upgrade option to your pledge (see the Pledge Calculator).
Large Stripe Inlay
Small Checkered Inlay
Small Stripe Inlay
Large Double Dovetail
Small Triple Dovetail
Tray Sizes
The standard SnapDice tray is 7 inches wide by 10 inches long. You can upgrade the size of your SnapDice tray to 8 inches x 12 inches ($20) or to a full 12 inch by 12 inch square ($60). The 12 x 12 tray comes with a turntable so it can remain stationary on the table and be rotated and accessed by all players easily.
Other Dice
You can use your acrylic dice or other metal dice (no sharp edges) with your SnapDice tray. Wile these dice won't stick to the magnets, they will still look great being rolled in your exotic wood tray! For example, use Halfsies dice or other acrylic dice:
Halfsies Dice from gatekeeper Games in a SnapDice Tray
Shipping Information
We have partnered with GoSend to help our international supporters! GoSend allows those backing from outside of the US to have more control over their shipping and to save money and hassle with customs/VAT/duty. When the campaign is over, if you are an international backer, we will help you setup a free GoSend account. GoSend will give you a US based mailbox locker where you can have your SnapDice reward mailed (plus you can use this same locker for any purchases you make...other Kickstarter projects, other online purchases, etc.
We will ship your reward to your GoSend locker. Then, you will have the ability to bundle that reward with any other items you have purchased and are in your locker and save on the shipping. Plus, GoSend will prepay all the duties and VAT charges so that you don't have to hassle with those when your package is delivered.
We are happy to answer questions you have about GoSend or you can contact them directly at pledgesupport@gosend.com. They are available to answer any questions related to the SnapDice campaign.
Our Kickstarter video was produced by 12 Acre Films: www.12acrefilms.com
A Japanese royal - who served World War Two and criticised the brutality of troops fighting in his older brother's name - has been laid to rest after his death at the age of 100.
Prince Mikasa, the youngest brother of Japan's wartime ruler Emperor Hirohito, was the uncle of current monarch Emperor Akihito.
Today solemn ceremonies were held in memory of a man who challenged the notion that his brother was divine, and called for his abdication after Japan's war defeat.
Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito, second from left, Crown Princess Masako, left, and other royal family attend the funeral service for Prince Mikasa
The royal, pictured with Princess Yuriko in 1941 (left) and last year (right) was 100 when he died
A car carrying the casket of the late Prince Mikasa, uncle of the current Emperor Akihito, arrives at the funeral
Prince Mikasa, the oldest monarch in Japanese history, was famously appalled by the atrocities he witnessed, and vocally criticised Japan's aggression during the war.
Although the conflict was presented to citizens as a sacred war, the royal came to question this. He wrote a scathing report about the brutality he witnessed, revealing chemical warfare experiments had been carried out on prisoners of war in Manchuria, and claimed this was fuelling Chinese resistance.
The document was kept secret by military chiefs, and the public only became aware of it 50 years later.
Akihito's heir, Crown Prince Naruhito and his wife, Crown Princess Masako, were in attendance along with dignitaries including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and US ambassador to Japan, Caroline Kennedy were among those who attended the funeral
Japan's Princess Mako (right) and Princess Kako (left) attend the funeral of Prince Mikasa, at the Toshimagaoka cemetery in Tokyo
Mikasa, the fourth son of the Emperor Taisho and Empress Teimei, also alleged that an attempt had been made to poison a League of Nations delegation which was investigating a bombing by Tokyo.
In a 1994 interview with the Yomiuri newspaper, Mikasa said: 'I was really shocked when an officer told me that the best way to train new soldiers was to use living prisoners of war for bayonet practice because it gave them will power.'
Following the war, Mikasa called for his brother to abdicate, supported by imperial princes at a privy council meeting.
Japan's Princess Yuriko, wife of late Prince Mikasa, is seen after praying at the altar during his funeral
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe bows before praying at the altar during the funeral service
He said his brother should take responsibility for what had happened. But Hirohito refused, and continued to rule until his death in 1989.
Mikasa considered renouncing his own title, but opted against such an extreme measure.
A critic of the pomp and ceremony that surrounded the royal court, he travelled by train to the Japanese Society for Middle Eastern Studies, which he founded, and ate his lunch around the students.
Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito (centre) and Crown Princess Masako bow during the funeral service for late Prince Mikasa
He preferred to be addressed as 'Mikasa-san' like ordinary Japanese people.
His death comes amid renewed attention to the future of a monarchy whose past traditionalists say stretches back 2,600 years and whose future currently rests with one 10-year-old boy. Women cannot ascend to the throne.
A Shinto priest in white robes walked slowly ahead of the hearse at Tokyo's Toshimagaoka cemetery under bright blue skies to the sound of 'shakuhachi' flute music. Mikasa's 93-year-old widow, Princess Yuriko, followed in a wheelchair.
The late prince and wife Princess Yuriko pictured during a Canadian tour
The prince was a fierce critic of Japan's brutality during World War Two, and called for his brother to abdicate following the country's defeat
Akihito's heir, Crown Prince Naruhito and his wife, Crown Princess Masako, were in attendance along with dignitaries including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and US ambassador to Japan, Caroline Kennedy.
In line with tradition, Akihito and Empress Michiko did not attend.
After a reading by a priest, chief mourners laid offerings of ritual greenery at an alter after which others approached and bowed to pay their respects.
Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito, third from left, Crown Princess Masako, second from left, Prince Akishino, left, and other royal family bow during the funeral service
Akihito, 82, hinted in August that he wanted to abdicate - a step unprecedented in modern Japan and not possible under current law.
The remaining four male heirs include 10-year-old Prince Hisahito, the emperor's only grandson, raising concerns about the monarchy's future unless reforms to allow women to inherit and pass on the throne are enacted.
'I hope the passing of Prince Mikasa will become an opportunity to think a bit more about all these issues regarding the imperial family and succession,' said Naotaka Kimizuka, a specialist in European monarchies at Kanto Gakuin University.
The three older heirs are Akihito's 80-year-old brother and his two middle-aged sons including Naruhito.
Mikasa's body will be cremated and interred at the cemetery later in the day, public broadcaster NHK said.
Philip Guo (Slate) argues that his being an Asian young man led him to “fit society's image of a young programmer,” and therefore got him cut various kinds of slack while he was a beginner and not very good. Maybe that's right; I'm sure people do view others through these sorts of stereotypes to some extent, and that can sometimes be helpful and sometimes be harmful. But his first item on the list of what people never said to him seems not connected to the cause:
As an Asian male student at MIT, I fit society's image of a young programmer. Thus, throughout college, nobody ever said to me (as they said to some other CS students I knew): “Well, you only got into MIT because you're an Asian boy.”
I would think that people didn't say that isn't because he “fit society's image of a young programmer” — it's because no-one thinks that MIT gives a preference to Asians. But many universities, including MIT, have preferences for black and Hispanic students. I recall attending a debate at UCLA Law School when I was a student (around 1990) at which the professor supporting race-based preferences said that, in the absence of such programs, there would be virtually no blacks at the institution. Other defenders of race-based preferences say similar things (see, e.g., here).
You might think that, on balance, race-based preferences are a good idea. But it's hard to deny that, when the preferences exist — and when they're so substantial that they mean that a large part, maybe over half, of the students of a particular group will be let in even though they're below the bar for other groups — people will suspect that you got into a school because you're a member of that group. That's not because of “society's image of a young programmer”; it's because of the preference programs that many institutions proudly trumpet.
Two years ago, DICE released the first game in the new era of Star Wars Battlefront that was a generally well-received offering, except for one caveat.
The final game didn't feel finished. Fans felt like they were being prodded to shell out for the incredibly expensive season pass which eventually dumped far more content into the game, but effectively doubled its price to make it feel “complete.”
Initially, it seemed like EA and DICE were adapting to that feedback. One of the key components of the reveal of Star Wars Battlefront 2 was that they were addressing two complaints about the game. The first was that it had a built-in single player campaign this time, the second was that all future playable content, maps, missions and heroes, would be free.
The compromise was that the game was moving to a loot box model instead. I won't go into that for the millionth time, but the end result is what is easily one of the worst implementations of loot boxes in any AAA game, selling huge power boosts and integrating random drops into the core of the progression system.
But the bad news might not stop there. In a blog post detailing upcoming content release plans for the game, that free content that was promised, there was a worrying caveat:
“Your favorite stormtrooper-turned-hero Finn joins the fight for the Resistance and Captain Phasma steps on to the Battlefront for the First Order. They can be purchased with in-game Credits from that week.”
So, while Finn and Phasma are joining the game free from a paid DLC pack, they'll have to be purchased with in-game Credits.
The problem is the implication of this. Recently, early access Battlefront 2 players have been doing the math about the current heroes in the game that you need to unlock with Credits. While the game offers a selection you can use from the outside, adding new heroes like Vader or Luke to your roster currently costs 60,000 Credits each.
To put that in context, at 11 minutes per game and about 275 Credits earned a match, that works out to forty hours of game time to unlock one hero. And that means you can't spend your Credits on anything else including loot boxes.
The concern now is that these new heroes will also be introduced at similarly steep prices. Even cut to 20 or 10 hours worth of Credits, it still doesn't feel like what fans signed up for when DICE advertised “free future content.”
Either it costs you an astonishing amount of time when you just want to try out the new hero added to the game, or you can also see how this is a possible monetization scheme itself. You will shell out money for the loot boxes you're not buying as you save for heroes in order to keep up. Or you buy loot boxes and hope to get Credits that way from dupes. Either way, spending money is involved.
Unlike the fact that loot boxes are inextricably linked to progress and there's no way to fix that whole mess of a system, it seems possible that this hero issue might be able to be nipped in the bud before it's live in a few weeks.
One theory is that the only reason that additional heroes cost this much right now is that DICE doesn't want early access people grinding for them and having them once “normal” players start playing. That the prices might be reduced at launch.
But even then, they would have to come down a lot for that to help, and locking new heroes behind any kind of Credit grinding just feels weird. Like some sort of MOBA model in a game that isn't designed that way at all. Free DLC shouldn't mean free* DLC when you already have a hugely expansive loot box model in place.
Again, DICE has responded to feedback before, so it's possible that when this goes live this will be significantly altered or eliminated, but it seems important to talk about now, ahead of time, so hopefully it can be cleared up for fixed before launch.
Update: Here's a video showing Luke available for 10,000 credits. It's from a week ago so it's not clear if it's an old build with lower prices before they were raised, or a new build when prices will change. That would still be roughly 6-7 hours of Credit accumulation. I'm still not sure about the idea that prices were raised for this early test alone. If they didn't want people to have these characters early, just disable them, but if people did spend 40 hours to grind for one and suddenly the price drops on launch, that doesn't seem good either.
Update 2: Ah, this video also has this caveat: "During the review event EA had lowered the prices to allow reviewers the chance to play with most of the heroes. The in-game cost is not representative of the final game cost."
Update 3: EA has weighed in on this, saying the 60K number was based on data from the beta, among other things. They leave the door open to changing it, but it's clear this wasn't an Early Access-only thing, and the heroes may launch at this price.
"The intent is to provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment for unlocking different heroes. As for cost, we selected initial values based upon data from the Open Beta and other adjustments made to milestone rewards before launch. Among other things, we're looking at average per-player credit earn rates on a daily basis, and we'll be making constant adjustments to ensure that players have challenges that are compelling, rewarding, and of course attainable via gameplay. We appreciate the candid feedback, and the passion the community has put forth around the current topics here on Reddit, our forums and across numerous social media outlets. Our team will continue to make changes and monitor community feedback and update everyone as soon and as often as we can."
Fundamentally, I find this response lacking. Saying these prices are in place to promote "a sense of pride and accomplishment feels disingenuous, as it really seems more about introducing another grind that players can play to lessen. It may take continued pressure to change this price as EA listens to "feedback." Also interesting it's the EA community team addressing this, not anyone from DICE itself.
Follow me on Twitter and on Facebook. Pick up my sci-fi novel series, The Earthborn Trilogy, which is now in print, online and on audiobook.
Former White House press secretary Josh Earnest said on Sunday that it “may come as some surprise” to President Donald Trump that the president of the United States cannot in fact “unilaterally order” the surveillance of a U.S. citizen.
“This may come as some surprise to the current occupant of the Oval Office, but the president of the United States does not have the authority to unilaterally order the wiretapping of an American citizen,” Earnest said on ABC's “This Week.”
“If the FBI decided to use their wiretapping authority in the context of a counterintelligence or criminal investigation, it would require FBI investigators, officials of the Department of Justice, going to a federal judge and making a case and demonstrating probable cause to use that authority to conduct the investigation,” he said. “That is a fact.”
.@joshearnest: This may “come as some surprise” to Pres. Trump, but a president can't “unilaterally order the wiretapping” of a US citizen. pic.twitter.com/LdSc8VuliE — This Week (@ThisWeekABC) March 5, 2017
On Saturday, Trump claimed that President Barack Obama was “wire tapping” his phones at Trump Tower ahead of the 2016 election. He offered no evidence to support those allegations.
A spokesperson for Obama rejected that claim later the same day.
“A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis said in a statement. “Neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen.”
Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Sunday that to his knowledge there was no FISA court order to implement surveillance on Trump Tower.
The White House nevertheless called on Sunday for Congress to investigate Trump's allegations as part of its probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
“President Donald J. Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity, the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in a statement.
Main opposition CHP's Baykal operating ‘like a virus,' Erdoğan says
ANKARA
President Erdoğan has slammed former Republican People's Party (CHP) leader Deniz Baykal for proposing former President Abdullah Gül as the presidential candidate of the “no” campaigners, calling the veteran CHP lawmaker a “virus.”“It is completely a virus operation; it is an action to create trouble. Mr. Baykal should quit playing these games and mind his own business,” Erdoğan said on May 3.His comments came after Baykal proposed that Gül, who is a prominent founding member of the AKP and also served as a prime minister and minister in several AKP governments, be a presidential candidate for the “no” campaigns.Gül offered little to no support for the “yes” side ahead of the April 16 referendum to enhance Erdoğan's powers, leading many to speculate that he secretly voted “no.”Urging current CHP leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu to commence a process to determine a presidential candidate for the CHP, Baykal said during an interview on May 1 that the party should focus on “finding a candidate who would represent the 49 percent of the voters who said ‘no' to the constitutional amendments.”The suggestion also stirred a debate within the opposition party, where Kılıçdaroğlu accused Baykal and dissident voices of harming the democratic movement.“The 49 percent is not the CHP's vote, it is all democratic segments. We will never allow an inner-party fight. We will discard the ones who have made a fight,” Kılıçdaroğlu said, slamming Baykal and the figures who commenced a discussion on a presidential candidate from the CHP on May 2.Erdoğan also criticized Kılıçdaroğlu after the comments. “He [Kılıçdaroğlu] revealed what he represents clearly. He said that he cannot tolerate dissident voices. Contrarian voices always exist everywhere. What really matters is to be able to tolerate them,” Erdoğan said.“These comments do not concern us. We will look after our own business,” Erdoğan said.Erdoğan also criticized Kılıçdaroğlu for arguing against a partisan presidency, saying the criticisms contradict the opposition party's political history.“My recommendation is that he should learn political history, especially the history of his party,” Erdoğan said, referring to the one-party regime in Turkey where CHP leaders served as presidents.Kılıçdaroğlu criticized Erdoğan's return to the ruling Justice and Development Party (CHP) for “ending the period of an impartial presidency.”“A leader of a political party cannot be the president of 80 million [Turkish citizens]. That era is over. A leader of a party is only a president of those who voted for that party. He is respected in this manner,” Kılıçdaroğlu said May 2.Likening the partisan presidency to a referee in a sports event, Kılıçdaroğlu said a “supporter cannot be a referee.”Slamming Kılıçdaroğlu's words, Erdoğan said the constitutional provision that barred presidents from having a party tie was a mistake.“Whoever prepared that constitution and inserted that provision that states that presidents should resign from their party committed political murder,” he said.“Now they are likening it to a referee in a sports event. The referee has a team in his heart. What official record can change that fact? The important thing is to manage the duty justly: to conduct the match justly and administer the country justly,” Erdoğan said.
As if the headline number weren't bad enough, David P. Goldman points out that things were much worse:
A far more disturbing number (in Table A-1 of today's BLS release) shows that "persons not in the labor force" increased by about 840,000 between November and December, from 83,022 to 83,865. That's seasonally-adjusted; unadjusted, the number is closer to a million. Correspondingly, the total size of the civilian labor force fell from 153,720 to 153,059 between November and December.
What happened to the million Americans who went missing from the BLS definition of the labor force in the single month of December? They are the "long-term discouraged" or whatever, those whose prospects of finding a job are so poor that they have stopped looking.
Read the whole post -- >
Scene: The starship Enterprise. Captain Picard says, “Computer! Locate Commander LaForge.” The computer replies with the commander's location.
It seems like the simplest thing in the world. Say something, and it happens. Well we're nearly there. Vlingo's been doing voice to text on every other system for a little while now and have done a decent job. Well now they're here on Android. You can speak into any text field and it types what you say.
I know that some of you are thinking, “My Android phone already lets me talk wherever I can type.”, and “Didn't you guys cover something similar before?” You would be right! But this is not simply a speech to text app. It's so much more than that.
From Vlingo's site:
“Vlingo for Android combines fast and accurate voice to text technology with the intelligence to listen to what you say, and quickly connect you with people, businesses and activities so that you can get things done while on the go.”
“Android users get additional convenience with the Vlingo Widget, which allows users to Tap & Speak directly from their phone's homes screen to provide fast and easy access to everything Vlingo provides”
From testing this app for a couple of hours, I can tell you that it really performs. In fact, I am so impressed about it, that I'm writing an article in its honor. Where this app really starts to shine, in my opinion, is it's InCar feature. InCar lets you basically control your phone, Captain Picard style. All you do is say, “Hey Vlingo” and it acknowledges you with a beep. Then you can say things like:
“Text George-Michael; Have you seen Gob?”
“Email Michelle; Can we do dinner at 8? Running late.”
“Update Facebook; I'm so ready for a vacation!”
“Find restaurants”
“Twitter status; Digging the new Kings of Leon”
“Get directions to the Smithsonian”
“Call taxi”
“Open calendar”
“Hotel near Radio City Music Hall”
“Why do some sunsets look red?”
It has a Safe Reader feature so that when you get a text, it alerts you, and reads it to you, keeping your eyes where they belong, on the road! Believe it or not it works pretty well. The InCar feature is still in beta, and for good reason. It doesn't always pick up when you say “Hey Vlingo”. It does for a while, and then stops. No matter really because I can just press the large Tap and Speak button and it immediately asks me what I want to do. It made me long for a Star Trek theme so I could say, “Computer, Lay in a course for home!” The app is free on the Android Market!
SCIENCE, CULTURED
Is the Science Glass Half Full, or Half Empty?
NSF's Science and Engineering Indicators 2010
SOURCE: iStockphoto
Roughly every two years, the National Science Foundation's National Science Board releases the much awaited Science and Engineering Indicators report, a kind of temperature-taking for science in America that compiles all the latest evidence on science funding, student trends, the science workforce, and much else. Within this data dump, the heavily read Chapter 7 always addresses a subject that has been dear to me, and to the many pieces I've written for Science Progress: What are the latest findings on the relationship between science and the U.S. public, not only in terms of knowledge, but also engagement?
In my view, the picture here remains pretty dismal. But perhaps out of academic evenhandedness (and also in part by avoiding at least two very problematic areas), NSF paints a more mixed picture.
On the positive side, for instance, the report consistently shows that Americans are not so scientifically benighted as one might think, at least in comparison with the rest of the world. We go to science museums more frequently. We claim a higher level of interest in “new scientific discoveries” than citizens in South Korea, China, and many parts of Europe. And in terms of sheer factual knowledge, we perform pretty much on par with Europe, and ahead of other countries like Japan, China, and Russia.
Through such international comparisons, the latest NSF report suggests that if your preferred standard for judging a nation's engagement with science is to see how it stacks up next to other comparable (e.g., developed) countries, then the United States really doesn't fare so poorly. Furthermore, NSF emphasizes that Americans profess to have very positive views about science. They overwhelmingly think science makes our lives better and that it deserves federal funding. And they have an apparently abiding trust in the leaders of the scientific community.
All of which is certainly to the good. And yet the image of an America little informed about science, and little engaged with it, still shines through in the latest report.
As Science and Engineering Indicators 2010 itself admits, seeing how the country fares on science in comparison with other nations isn't the only possible means of judgment. If one's standard is more ambitious—emphasizing, in the latest report's words, “what a technologically advanced society requires (either today or in the future) to compete in the world economy and enable its citizens to better take advantage of science progress in their own lives”—then it is very hard to feel good about the current state of affairs in the United States.
For instance, just 13 percent of the public now claims to follow science and technology news “very closely,” and this number has been on a downward trend for the past decade, ending with the current low. So while Americans may profess great admiration for science in the abstract, they hardly feel compelled to pay it much attention.
Similarly, there has been little apparent improvement over time in Americans' basic ability to answer factual questions about science correctly. Moreover, the vast majority of our citizens have scant familiarity with key emerging scientific fields that will dramatically shape the future, such as nanotechnology and biotechnology—and it is important to note that these are the only such fields that the NSF report focuses in on. Ask Americans about other coming scientific technologies or quandaries—say, geoengineering, or synthetic biology—and I imagine the responses would be even more dismal.
And then there are the egregiously politicized issues, like climate change or the teaching of evolution, where the gulf between the scientific community and the public is unbelievably vast. For instance, according to a 2009 Pew study, 84 percent of U.S. scientists think the earth is getting warmer due to human activities, versus 49 percent of the public.
Rather surprisingly, Chapter 7 of the latest Science and Engineering Indicators report doesn't discuss evolution. Neither does it address another increasingly critical topic, and another central area of breakdown between science and U.S. society: vaccination. Americans are currently in the extremely dangerous throes of vaccine retreat, a growing movement that is based on little more than scientific misinformation.
The latest Science and Engineering Indicators report performs a great service—it gives us all the best data, and it frames it in such a way as to keep us honest. Not everything is rotten when it comes to the state of science in America, and we should remember that. But at the same time, there is much, much to worry about. One year ago, President Obama pledged to restore science to its “rightful place” in American life, and the administration has done much to achieve this goal—but as the latest figures show, none of us has any excuse to feel satisfied or complacent.
Chris Mooney is the author of several books, including The Republican War on Science and Unscientific America: How Scientific Illiteracy Threatens Our Future, co-authored by Sheril Kirshenbaum. He and Kirshenbaum blog at “The Intersection.”
By clicking and submitting a comment I acknowledge the Science Progress Privacy Policy and agree to the Science Progress Terms of Use. I understand that my comments are also being governed by Facebook's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
The police claim that CCTV footage from 5 locations related to the Chandigarh stalking case has gone missing, says a report by a leading news portal. CCTV footage could be a vital piece of evidence in the case.
On August 4th a woman had called up the police and complained that two youth were chasing her. The main accused in the case turned out to Bharatiya Janata Party's Haryana Chief's son while the woman who was being stalked was a senior state IAS officer's daughter.
Also See: Tortured for giving birth to twin girls 29-year-old commits suicide
The woman later thanked the police stating she would have been raped and murdered if her father was not a senior bureaucrat.
"I was coming back to my home when they started stalking me. They tried to threaten me by trying to stop my car. Suddenly, they came in front of my car and blocked the way. I reversed my car immediately and called the police. Police heard whole the matter and assured me of providing the help. Soon the police came and arrested the accused. I am very thankful to Chandigarh Police who came to my rescue on time," the victim, who is the daughter of an IAS officer, said.
"I'm lucky, it seems, to not be the daughter of a common man, because what chance would they have against such VIPs? I'm also lucky, because I'm not lying raped and murdered in a ditch somewhere," the woman wrote in a Facebook her post, pointing that the two men she accused of perturbing her "are from influential families with political connections".
While the charges against the BJP leader's son was confirmed by the police, Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said it was not right to punish Subhash Barala for his son Vikas's crime.
"I came to know about this incident. Chandigarh Police has filed the complaint and I believe they will take appropriate action. This matter is not related with Subhash Barala but with an individual. So action would be taken against his son," Khattar told media.
Also See: Aadhaar data theft accused techie says he stole data for the 'high of hacking'
The son of Haryana BJP chief Subhash Barala has been arrested along with another person for allegedly stalking a senior state IAS officer's daughter, police said on Saturday.
Vikas Barala was arrested by the police along with his accomplice, Ashish, from the Housing Board light early on Saturday. Police said that both accused were drunk when they were stalking the victim.
Police officials told IANS that Vikas and Ashish were granted bail as the sections imposed against them were bailable.
She said she was driving alone from Sector 8 in Chandigarh towards Panchkula around 12.15 a.m. (on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday) when the two youth started following her. She said that the SUV pulled up close to her car several times and even tried to block her way to force her to other routes.
She claimed that at one point, the SUV blocked her way and one youth jumped out of it and started walking towards her vehicle. While she reversed at full speed and tried to evade them, they continued to follow her.
The victim then called up the Police Control Room and gave the number details of the SUV. Police intercepted the car at the boundary of Chandigarh and Panchkula (which is in Haryana).
Deputy Superintendent of Police, East, Satish Kumar said that the youth were arrested and booked under section 354 D (for stalking a woman) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Section 341 IPC (wrongful restraint) was later added against the accused.
"We have arrested both the accused. We got their medical examination done and it was confirmed that they were under the influence of liquor," Kumar told media. He confirmed that one of the suspects was related to a senior BJP leader of Haryana. Both the accused are law students.
Police sources told IANS that the Chandigarh Police was under pressure from political leaders in Haryana and the Central government to dilute the case against Vikas and his friend.
Subhash Barala is a sitting legislator of Haryana's ruling BJP from Tohana assembly seat and a powerful Jat leader.
To-do Mejora means “it gets better”—and it's this message that the Chile-based nonprofit has worked tirelessly to advocate for. In the wake of continual LGBT discrimination around the world, Fundación To-do Mejora strives to support the LGBT adolescents who face discrimination, including those considering committing suicide. Chile has one of the highest levels of suicide and school violence in Latin America. It's projected that if nothing is done, in four years, one adolescent in Chile will end his or her life nearly each day—an astounding metric that Fundación To-do Mejora hopes to change.1,2
Continuing with our series about impactful organizations using Google for Nonprofits tools, this week we're highlighting how Fundación To-do Mejora uses technology to spread its message and creates a safe space for these teenagers to find refuge in times of need.
Showing up when searching for help—Google Ad Grants
By implementing a strategic campaign using Google Ad Grants, the nonprofit targeted Google searches common to suicidal thoughts such as “I want to commit suicide”, “Who should I call if I want to kill myself?”, or “Help me, I want to die”. When a local person searches this on Google, Fundación To-do Mejora's ads show up to intervene with supportive messages, and provide links to resources to find help. One 19-year-old girl who found support from these ads said, "Amidst my depression, I Googled how to commit suicide. Your foundation, 'To-do Mejora,' popped up in my search results. It made me smile and reminded me the reason to go on.”
These ads have allowed Fundación To-do Mejora to save lives and navigate people to their website where they can find resources and support. As a result, website traffic increased by 20% in one year alone, which means the organization found a way to reach more people in need. This increase also prompted Fundación To-do Mejora to expand their suicide hotline support to 30 hours/week up from 7 hours/week.
Spreading the word—YouTube
To further increase visibility, Fundación To-do Mejora created a YouTube channel where adolescents share their personal stories, which have helped create a community of support, coupled with the call-to-action overlays inspiring others to follow suit, take initiative, and send donations. In their most popular video, with over 62,000 views, Demi Lovato speaks out against homophobic and transgender bullying and encourages victims to reach out for help.
As Canada's video game industry continues to grow, new research suggests Canadian talent may not be able to keep pace with demand for experienced workers, leading to attractive opportunities here for foreign workers.
Thirteen per cent of the industry's work force now comes from abroad, with most foreign hires originating from the United States, United Kingdom and Western Europe.
According to a new report commissioned by the Entertainment Software Association Canada (ESAC), that trend will likely continue in coming years. ESAC anticipates more than 1,400 senior and intermediate level jobs will be created in technical and creative roles over the next one to two years.
The video game sector's contribution to Canada's GDP grew to $3 billion in 2015, a 31 per cent increase since 2013, with 472 active studios creating 20,400 full-time jobs — a 24 per cent gain in people directly employed by the industry, which develops such games as the Assassin's Creed series, the Need for Speed titles, Club Penguin and the FIFA World Cup series.
Jayson Hilchie, ESAC president and CEO, says the industry's reliance on out-of-country talent is a potential benefit to Canada.
“A third of these temporary foreign workers end up becoming permanent Canadian residents,” he said, adding that a further eight per cent go on to become citizens. “So we're actually creating new Canadians, per se. As far as I'm concerned, that's a really positive stat.”
The report also suggests the average salary for a video game worker in British Columbia is more than $18,000 higher than in Quebec, the country's leading game-making province.
Despite ranking second in number of studios and full-time jobs, video game industry professionals in B.C. can expect to earn on average $84,400. This compares to an average salary of $66,200 per year in Quebec, the country's biggest player in the industry with nearly 11,000 full-time employees, all but four per cent of whom work at major studios such as Ubisoft Montreal and EA Montreal.
Full-time workers in Ontario — which, despite benefitting from the biggest jump in full-time employees (up 26 per cent to about 2,500) since 2013, continues to rank third in terms of studio and job counts — earn an average of about $70,100, roughly in line with the national mean, which sits at $71,300.
“I think what you're seeing here is a massive difference in the cost of living in British Columbia,” Hilchie said. “Employers are simply forced to pay more given that the cost of housing and other things in British Columbia are quite high.”
Despite an apparent discrepancy in pay across the country, the report, prepared by Canadian research firm Nordicity, tells the story of a booming industry that shows no sign of slowing.
The Canadian game industry completed a total of 1,280 projects in 2014, an increase of more than 40 per cent over 2013.
The majority of these games fall into the action/adventure genre, with the bulk of the rest evenly split between puzzle, family, strategy and role-playing.
After years of hectic growth mobile game development is slowing. Whereas 85 per cent of companies reported working on mobile games in 2013, only 70 per cent were working on them in 2015. This stat can likely be at least partially attributed to the difficulty mobile game developers face in getting their games noticed on app stores overloaded with thousands of titles.
Companies working on PC and Mac projects, meanwhile, are up a handful of points to 70 per cent, as are those working on games and services for consoles, at 50 per cent.
The ESAC report also suggests an industry growing in diversity, with fledgling studios shooting off like tree branches in different directions and maturing in their own niches. Two thirds of all Canadian studios have been in business less than six years, and half of those have been around less than three years.
What's more, a greater number of smaller firms are now apparently better established than they were in 2013. The majority of Canada's 472 studios now employ between five and 99 people, whereas the majority of studios in 2013 were considered “micro,” employing fewer than five people.
However, Canadian game studios continue to stagnate when it comes to bringing women into their ranks. Technology-focused companies — traditionally dominated by men — have struggled to make their workplaces more attractive for women, but it doesn't seem to be doing much good within the Canadian video game industry.
In 2015 only 16 per cent of all workers at Canadian studios were women — a number virtually unchanged since 2013. Most of these women weren't in technical or creative roles, but rather marketing and communications or operations and administration positions.
“Part of the challenge, and part of what we as an industry need to do, is figure out how to get more women interested in technology, math, science and computer science,” Hilchie said.
“Then we can get them moving into these areas in post-secondary schools. The tech industry as a whole can't expect to attract large numbers of women if they aren't coming out of these schools.”
Transsexuals experience themselves as being of the opposite sex, despite having the biological characteristics of one sex. A crucial question resulting from a previous brain study in male-to-female transsexuals was whether the reported difference according to gender identity in the central part of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis (BSTc) was based on a neuronal difference in the BSTc itself or just a reflection of a difference in vasoactive intestinal polypeptide innervation from the amygdala, which was used as a marker. Therefore, we determined in 42 subjects the number of somatostatin-expressing neurons in the BSTc in relation to sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, and past or present hormonal status. Regardless of sexual orientation, men had almost twice as many somatostatin neurons as women (P < 0.006). The number of neurons in the BSTc of male-to-female transsexuals was similar to that of the females (P = 0.83). In contrast, the neuron number of a female-to-male transsexual was found to be in the male range. Hormone treatment or sex hormone level variations in adulthood did not seem to have influenced BSTc neuron numbers. The present findings of somatostatin neuronal sex differences in the BSTc and its sex reversal in the transsexual brain clearly support the paradigm that in transsexuals sexual differentiation of the brain and genitals may go into opposite directions and point to a neurobiological basis of gender identity disorder.
Last year, the NFL Honors made their debut on the Saturday night preceding the Super Bowl. As a vehicle to distract from the stench of the Pro Bowl, the only football activity that was taking place during the two-week downtime between the Conference Championship games and the Super Bowl, it was a smash hit. This year's event will be exciting for a number of reasons: Alec Baldwin is hosting again, Roger Goodell will appear before a crowd in New Orleans, and we have a number of award races that have some genuine intrigue behind them.
So, today I'm putting my Super Bowl analysis to the side for the afternoon and putting together my ballot for the NFL Honors. Sure, the Associated Press and the NFL might not actually have asked me for my opinions, but I'm still going to throw in my two cents. I'll skip the Salute to Service and High School Coach of the Year Awards, controversial as they might be, and start with the truly obvious pick for Play of the Year that probably doesn't have a prayer of winning.
Play of the Year
Golden Tate's “Fail Mary” touchdown against the Packers, Week 3
The NFL wants to relive that moment like you want to relive your first breakup on a loop, but no single play from the 2012 season will live on longer in the memories of NFL fans than Tate's infamous non-catch against the Packers on Monday Night Football. You remember the repercussions, as it brought the replacement official issue to a head and forced the league to abandon its negotiating stance. It ended up affecting the playoff picture, too; the Packers could have locked up home-field advantage in Week 17 if that loss had been turned into a win, while the 49ers could have rested their players in Week 16 without having to worry about the Seahawks catching them.
If the NFL really didn't want to commemorate the most embarrassing play of the season, the biggest and most memorable play of the year would probably be Joe Flacco's touchdown pass to Jacoby Jones that extended the Broncos-Ravens playoff game while eventually pushing the Ravens past Denver and New England into the Super Bowl.
And on the flip side, if you wanted to create an award for Worst Play of the Year, you would probably opt for the infamous “butt fumble” by Mark Sanchez. That is, of course, the one where Sanchez tries to hand the ball off to a back who isn't in the backfield, sprints toward the line of scrimmage, and is separated from the football when he smacks his head against the ass of Jets guard Brandon Moore. The Patriots then returned the fumble for a touchdown. A pick-12 might serve as the worst quantitative play of the year, but it's hard to top the butt fumble for sheer agonizing stupidity.
Comeback Player of the Year
Peyton Manning and Adrian Peterson
I don't think these two guys should share the MVP award or Offensive Player of the Year, but in terms of the effort exerted for them to come back from devastating injuries, I don't think there's anything wrong with splitting the vote here. More on them later, as you might expect.
Head Coach of the Year
Jim Harbaugh
I wrote about Harbaugh's brilliance and how he deserves Coach of the Year for a second consecutive season in last week's Thank You for Not Coaching awards. I don't need to rehash those nice things again here, but suffice it to say that my feelings haven't changed after seeing him organize the media day team photo.
Bruce Arians is probably going to win this award because he filled in for his stricken colleague, Chuck Pagano, and went 11-5 after the Colts were 2-14 a year ago. I don't think Arians did a bad job, by any means, but the change in Indianapolis's record drastically overstates their actual level of improvement. They're a team that rode a hot stretch of close wins against mostly terrible teams into the playoffs.
You know who was the last guy to make a similar sort of leap with a similar sort of lucky run against an easy schedule? Tony Sparano with the Dolphins in 2008, when he took a 1-15 team to 11-5 by getting a massive upgrade at quarterback and going 7-1 in games decided by a touchdown or less against one of the five easiest schedules in football. Does anybody look back on the Tony Sparano era in Miami and think that he was a great coach? I think we'll look back on Arians's season at the helm in Indianapolis the same way in a few years, even as he has moved on to Arizona.
Defensive Rookie of the Year
Luke Kuechly
I think the race for DROY boils down to a two-man battle between Kuechly, who became the leader on an improving Carolina defense, and Packers cornerback Casey Hayward. (Vikings safety Harrison Smith and Buccaneers linebacker Lavonte David trail in third and fourth, respectively.) When Kuechly and Hayward were playing at their peak levels, I think Hayward was better. He looked like a franchise cornerback at times for the Packers, and while six interceptions as a rookie will always get attention, Hayward stepped in on a veteran defense that had cornerbacks who were either injured (Sam Shields, semi-corner Charles Woodson) or not living up to expectations (Tramon Williams) and produced like the unit's best defender at times.
So why do I put Kuechly over Hayward? Because Kuechly's volume of work surpasses that of Hayward. As a part-time starter in Green Bay, Hayward only saw 683 defensive snaps this year, 63 percent of Green Bay's total. Kuechly, meanwhile, was on the field for 921 defensive snaps, which is 88 percent of Carolina's total. The Boston College product started the year as an outside linebacker, but when the team gave up on an ailing Jon Beason and sent him to IR, Kuechly moved into the middle and became the force of nature his college tape hinted toward. Carolina's run defense improved from 18th in DVOA in the first half to seventh in the second half, and Kuechly was a big reason why. He was the one who had the green dot on his helmet, aligning the defense and running things on his side of the ball. Carolina depended on him in a way that Green Bay didn't depend upon Hayward. To me, that's enough to make him DROY.
Offensive Rookie of the Year
Robert Griffin III
Let's assume a three-man race between Wilson, Andrew Luck, and Robert Griffin, and break down each of the “matchups” between the players.
Griffin vs. Luck: Griffin wins because Luck's biggest calling card as a rookie — his win-loss record on a team that was a loser last year — is just about matched by Griffin. Luck's rate stats (completion percentage, yards per attempt, and interception rate) are far inferior to Griffin's, but Luck threw 627 passes to Griffin's 393. Volume matters. On the other hand, Griffin also ran twice as frequently as Luck did and averaged far more yards per carry, which makes up for some of the passing gap. Luck also played with Reggie Wayne, while the best Griffin got was a limited-by-injury Pierre Garcon. It's closer than the numbers indicate, but Griffin was the better player this year.
Wilson vs. Luck: Wilson's numbers make him a slightly inferior candidate to Griffin, whose statistics he emulates in almost every way — down to the same number of pass attempts and completion percentages within 1.5 percentage points of one another — but Wilson threw interceptions on 2.5 percent of his passes, which was twice Griffin's total and much closer to Luck's 2.9 percent figure. Wilson also unquestionably had the best defense to work with of the three, even as he looked like the best player in the bunch by the time the season ended (and then during the playoffs). I'd give this very slightly to Wilson.
Griffin vs. Wilson: No, really, look at how freakishly close these numbers are:
Player GS Cmp Att Cmp% Yds TD INT Yds/Att Robert Griffin III 15 258 393 65.6 3,200 20 5 8.1 Russell Wilson 16 252 393 64.1 3,118 26 10 7.9
Griffin takes this one because of what he offered outside the passing numbers. He was a better runner, more efficient and effective from week to week than Wilson. Both players had great running games to work alongside, but you would choose Wilson's bevy of receiving options over Griffin's if you had a chance. Wilson also got superior field position from his elite defense, while Griffin got by with an inconsistent group on the other side of the ball. Griffin missed about a game and a half of snaps due to injury, but the slight volume argument isn't enough to overcome Griffin's higher level of play across the entire season.
Defensive Player of the Year
J.J. Watt
What Watt did as a 3-4 defensive end is virtually unprecedented since the NFL began to adopt that 3-4 front. For a player at a position and in a role where pass-rushing skills are considered a bonus, 20.5 sacks is stunning. Watt knocked down 16 passes and created 23 stuffs in the backfield for a loss, each of which ranks among the league leaders. It was one of the most impressive seasons you'll ever see an interior lineman have, as Watt single-handedly kept a defense that experienced quite a few disappointing seasons from 2011 breakout players (Johnathan Joseph, Brooks Reed, Connor Barwin, the injured Brian Cushing) in the top six in terms of DVOA.
The only player on Watt's level as a defender this year was Geno Atkins of the Bengals.
Offensive Player of the Year
Peyton Manning
Most Valuable Player
Adrian Peterson
Since naming one spoils the other under the bizarre unwritten rule that the MVP can't also win Player of the Year on his side of the ball, let's do them both. It seems pretty clear that Manning and Peterson will split these two awards, but the actual split is still up for debate.
If you read my work here at Grantland, you know that I'm extremely skeptical of the true value of running backs. I think their value has been grossly inflated by a league that still holds on to old ideals about the value of the guy holding the ball as opposed to the guys blocking for him and a culture of fantasy football that treats otherwise-average players as gods because they get sent in at the right time to run the ball three feet forward. In a vacuum, I would almost always choose a quarterback over a similarly regarded running back; not only would I prefer the fifth-best quarterback to the fifth-best running back, I'd probably take the 10th-best quarterback over the fifth-best running back, and you could probably talk me into taking the 15th-best quarterback over that fifth-best halfback.
What Peyton Manning did this year was truly impressive. He came back from a year off and looked better than he had before leaving. He dramatically improved the Denver offense and helped push two young receivers into superstardom. Whatever disappointing work he did in the playoffs shouldn't matter for this MVP award.
At the end of the day, though, Manning had a very good season for a quarterback, one that left him as the best quarterback in a year in which no passer had a truly stunning season. Adrian Peterson, on the other hand, had a transcendent statistical outlier of a season. He put on the sort of performance in terms of combined volume and efficiency that we should expect to see once every 30 or 40 years from a running back. He did that with a middling quarterback, an inexperienced offensive line, and no wide receivers of any note for half a campaign. Peterson raised his game against a tougher schedule during the second half, and played his best football when his team desperately needed it at the end of the season.
Peyton Manning was the best. Adrian Peterson made us reexamine our definitions of what the best could actually be. For that, he's the rare running back who deserves to be NFL MVP.
President Obama's decision to send U.S. troops into Syria is reigniting the debate in Congress over long-stalled legislation authorizing the war.
The administration announced Friday that it would send approximately 50 special operations troops into Syria in an advisory role, putting U.S. boots on the ground in the country for the first time since the country's civil war began.
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats pounced on the decision, suggesting that it underscores the need for Congress to take up and pass an authorization for use of force (AUMF), which could also place boundaries on military operations against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
"Regardless of my views, the War Powers Resolution requires Congress to debate and authorize the escalation of U.S. military involvement in Syria," Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) said, calling the administration's decision to send troops into the country a "mistake."
An AUMF proposal that the administration submitted to lawmakers earlier this year sparked concerns from both parties over language banning any "enduring offensive ground combat operations." While Republicans feared the language could tie the hands of the military, Democrats worried it would be vague enough to create legal backing for an open-ended ground war.
“The bottom line is that it is well past time for Congress to do our constitutional duty and debate an authorization for the war against ISIL in Iraq and Syria," he added, using an alternative acronym for ISIS. "I hope that in the shadow of this new escalation, Congress will do its job and debate and pass an authorization to give legal standing to the administration's fight against ISIL.”
"Well there are a lot of folks … who don't think we can pull together an authorization across the very big differences," he told MSNBC on Friday.
Kaine reiterated his position Friday, saying that "it is time for Congress to do its most solemn job, to debate and declare war."
The Virginia Democrat told The Hill earlier this month that while his colleagues on the Foreign Relations Committee increasingly acknowledged that legislation needed to be passed, there were few signs of action.
Underscoring the political differences, Republicans largely focused on the need for a strategy from Obama in the wake of Friday's announcement.
In the House, lawmakers defeated a push by Rep. Jim McGovern (D-Mass.) earlier this year that would have required removal of troops from Iraq and Syria within 30 days. The move was part of an effort by McGovern to either remove troops or force Congress to pass legislation authorizing the war.
McGovern said Friday that Americans want to know that Washington has "a clear plan to bring this conflict to a peaceful end," adding that "this starts with Congress doing its job and voting on an AUMF."
Prompted by a comment in this Google+ post I had a look at what is actually listed in [HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Borland|Codegear|Embarcadero\BDS|Delphi\#.0\Known IDE Packages] and found some interesting entries:
In Delphi 6 and 7 there is direct60.bpl and direct70.bpl which can probably simply be removed nowadays. The server used by “Delphi Direct” which was the equivalent of the current “Welcome Page” no longer exists. Removing this package results in the Environment Options dialog having one less tab:
I never understood the purpose of Delphi Direct. Even back in the 1990ies there wasn't any interesting content delivered to it. In my opinion it was totally wasted by Borland.
Then there is delphiclxide60.bpl and delphiclxide70.bpl. These packages apparently contain the designer for CLX applications (anybody remember theses?). When removed, there are still some CLX items in the File->New->Other menu and these can still be used, but you will no longer be able to visually design these forms and dialogs. Also the File->New->CLX Application entry will be gone. In Delphi 6 this results in some designtime packages not being able to load, in Delphi 7 it doesn't but that might just be because I removed them earlier.
Since I doubt that anybody is still developing CLX applications, it's probably safe to remove these entries as well.
Moving on to the “modern” IDE, which was introduced with Delphi 8 (which I don't own, so I'll look at Delphi 2005 instead):
The startpageide90.bpl package is the equivalent of Delphi Direct mentioned above. It is still there in Delphi 10.1 Berlin as startpageide230.bpl. It has been suggested to remove this package because it is hardly useful. I haven't done that because my delphi7help4bds expert uses it to display HTML content.
There is caliberide90.bpl or Borland.Caliber.IDE100.bpl as it is called in Delphi 2006. After removing it in Delphi 2006 I found nothing missing. Caliber apparently is a requirement management tool now owned by MicroFocus (who acquired Borland after they spun off their development tools as CodeGear). I'm not sure what exactly it does or did in Delphi 2005 and 2006 but it is no longer there in Delphi 2007 and later. The same applies to TGIDE90.BPL which is the “Together IDE integration”. It's the UML modelling tool Borland acquired in 2003.
Another interesting entry is historyide90.bpl. It apparently implements the history tab (at the bottom of the editor, to the right of the Code and Design tabs).
It's still there in Delphi 10.1 Berlin.
Some other observation: Starting with Delphi 2006 the key “Known IDE Packages” has subkeys, one of them is “Delphi”, others, that were in use at some time are:
CSharp
DelphiDotNet
CBuilder
There might have been others but I recently stopped installing anything but the Delphi personality even though my (employer's) subscription is on Rad Studio just in case.
I'll stop here with listing those packages. Just some comment about enabling and disabling them:
Apparently they don't get loaded if the entry does not have a value. Some of the packages have a value of (Untitled) which apparently means “nobody bothered to give them a name but we need a value so we added something generic”. If you remove this value (set it to an empty string) the package will no longer be loaded. But it's probably not a good idea to disable them by removing the value. I did my tests by creating a new “unused” subkey and moving these packages there, including the description.
I'll probably write another post on this topic at a later time. I'm also thinking about writing a tool to disable/enable entries in Known IDE Packages.
Protestors hold banners during an Amnesty International protest in Parliament Square to urge the British government to do more to help Syrian refugees, London, July 11. (Frank Augstein/AP)
Of the 4 million Syrians who have fled their country since the war began, including hundreds of thousands who have poured into Europe, the number who have been resettled in Britain could fit on a single London Underground train — with plenty of seats to spare.
Just 216 Syrian refugees have qualified for the government's official relocation program, according to data released last week. (Tube trains seat about 300.) British Prime Minister David Cameron has reassured his anxious public that the total number won't rise above 1,000.
As Germany prepares for an expected onslaught of 800,000 asylum applications just this year, the contrast between the two biggest powers in Europe couldn't be sharper. On a continent that is supposed to be bound together by a common set of rules and values, the impact of this summer's migrant crisis is being felt disproportionately by a handful of countries while others, such as Britain, have resisted efforts to more equitably share the burden.
[As tragedies shock Europe, a bigger refugee crisis looms in the Middle East]
Britain's approach helps explain why efforts to forge a unified European asylum policy have failed, and it could become a major obstacle to agreement when top officials gather for an emergency meeting later this month.
1 of 69 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Migrants' desperate quest to cross into Europe View Photos Over 332,000 migrants have reached Europe so far this year. Caption More than 332,000 people have reached the continent this year. Sept. 20, 2015 Migrants desperately try to board a train heading for Zagreb from Tovarnik station in Tovarnik,Croatia. Croatia continues to send buses and trains north to its border with Hungary. Jeff J. Mitchell/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Although Britain is hardly the only European country that has bucked calls for a more cohesive strategy — many Eastern European governments have been similarly opposed — experts say the island nation's stance is surprising given its robust economy and its historical role in welcoming refugees.
“This really is a departure from what the U.K. has done in the past,” said Neil Quilliam, an analyst at the London-based think tank Chatham House who has called for Britain to resettle 10,000 Syrians.
But Quilliam said the more miserly policy reflects the political atmosphere in a country where the tabloid press routinely characterizes refugees as an invading army attempting to storm the Cliffs of Dover; the Daily Mail recently wondered why the government could stop Hitler but not “a few thousand exhausted migrants.”
Britain's leaders have contributed to the mood, with Cameron referring to the migrants as “a swarm” and Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond warning of “marauding” Africans who threaten Europe's “standard of living.”
“There's a state of panic in Britain over the issue of migration,” said Franck Duvell, a senior researcher at the University of Oxford's Center on Migration, Policy and Society. “And it's being fed by high levels of misinformation.”
New arrivals to the U.K. are unquestionably rising. Britain last week recorded its highest-ever net migration total – 330,000 more people came to Britain than left over the previous year.
But nearly half of those arriving come from other parts of Europe. Refugees from conflict zones in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia account for only a small proportion of the total.
In addition to the 216 Syrian refugees resettled to Britain under the government's Vulnerable Persons Relocation program, nearly 5,000 others have received asylum after traveling to Britain on their own. (The United States, a country five times the size of Britain, has resettled about 1,500 Syrian refugees, with plans to accept more next year.)
[Read the Post's coverage on the global surge in migration]
Those numbers all pale in comparison with the figures in Germany and Sweden, which between them have received almost half of the nearly 350,000 asylum applications filed by Syrians in Europe since the war began, according to U.N. figures.
The disparity is only likely to grow after Germany said last week that the government would no longer observe a long-standing policy, known as the Dublin Regulation, which dictates that refugees should seek asylum in the first European Union country in which they set foot. Instead, Syrians will be free to settle in Germany.
The decision was applauded by human rights advocates as a critical step that will eliminate hurdles for legitimate refugees and help to ease the burden on countries along the continent's southern periphery, where most migrants arrive.
“It's an example of real political leadership,” said Anna Musgrave, advocacy manager at the London-based Refugee Council.
But it is highly unlikely to be replicated here. Instead, the British government has moved in the opposite direction, resisting calls to expand its resettlement program, cutting the number of visas given to people from war-battered countries and spending millions on enhanced security at Calais, the French port where thousands of migrants have gathered to try to stow away on British-bound trucks.
“They're making it as difficult as possible for people to arrive here,” said Greg Ó Ceallaigh, an immigration lawyer.
Those who do make it to Britain face a tough battle to stay. The government, he said, has repeatedly tried to send clients from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan back to countries such as Bulgaria and Italy, where deplorable conditions for migrants await.
Defending policies
British officials have defended the government's policies, noting that Britain gives more aid to victims of the Syrian conflict than any other European country. Officials also say that helping refugees in neighboring countries such as Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan is a more efficient use of public funds than resettling them in Britain.
But analysts say the country's restrictive policies toward refugees are largely due to domestic politics.
The British public, Duvell said, has been “traumatized” by the influx of immigrants from Eastern Europe over the past decade, and the government is under pressure to reduce the overall flows. But under the continent's free-movement principles, Britain can't keep Europeans out of Britain. So it's trying to cut the numbers in any way it can, and that has translated into tough restrictions on would-be refugees.
The hostility among Brits toward new arrivals is evident in the pretty seaside town of Whitstable, where government plans to open a new center for under-age asylum seekers has sparked demonstrations. Local residents have raised concerns about the center's proximity to a nearby school and nursery, and the impact young migrants could have on the town's tourist trade.
[A Syrian family's desperate journey to seek safety in Austria]
“They are going to be hanging around on street corners, in doorways around town,” said Philippa Axford, a 55-year-old pub owner who said she recently had CCTV cameras installed because she was concerned about crime emanating from the migrant center. “It's going to put people off coming to Whitstable.”
Axford said she believed the refugees are coming to Britain to exploit the country's generous welfare system: “There are lots of other places in between they could have stopped. They can get money for doing nothing here.”
But experts say that refugees are drawn to Britain because its relatively healthy economy gives them a better chance to work – and because, in some cases, they have no choice.
Ammar, a 28-year-old Syrian refugee, said he was studying in Britain in 2012 when he realized the country's spiraling conflict would make it impossible for him to return home.
“There was nowhere else to go,” said Ammar, who declined to give his last name because he worried about the repercussions for relatives in Syria.
Having received asylum, he is now pursuing a doctorate in chemistry and is grateful for the opportunities that Britain has given him. But he said he wishes the U.K. would offer those chances to others desperate to escape the violence.
“It's a human catastrophe,” he said. “More is better.”
Adam reported from London and Whitstable.
Read more
Hungary halts rail traffic in bid to stop migrants
Migrants' deaths bring scrutiny to European handling of refugees
Discovery of more than 70 bodies in truck highlights European migrant crisis
“You can't stand in the way, because there are other delivery methods that are effective,” said State Senator Diane J. Savino, a Democrat who represents parts of Staten Island and Brooklyn and who is the sponsor of that chamber's bill. Ms. Savino added that the governor “gave a lot of that we wanted.”
The Assembly has passed bills in support of medical marijuana five times, most recently in May, only to see the measures die in the Senate, where Republicans were cool to the idea.
In recent weeks, however, several Republicans joined Democrats in voicing support for Ms. Savino's bill.
The Senate Republican leader, Dean G. Skelos, said the bill would be voted on and passed on Friday.
On Thursday, parents and other supporters — including some with children in wheelchairs, and others visibly with degenerative conditions — pleaded for the bill's passage. “Please pass this act,” said one parent, Tim Emerson, whose 7-year-old daughter, Julia, has epilepsy. “Please help our kids.”
Despite acknowledging its emotional pull, Mr. Cuomo said that he was wary of allowing marijuana to become too widely or too easily available. In recent days he said he feared that it was “a gateway drug,” and observed that the state was already dealing with a resurgence of heroin use.
On Thursday, however, Mr. Cuomo seemed to hold out the possibility that adjustments could be made by the Health Department in the future to allow for changing circumstances, including an increased need for the drug.
“It's a knob: You can turn it up, you can turn it down,” he said, by tinkering with the number of dispensaries or diseases for which treatment with marijuana is permitted.
What's new in this version
New in v3.9.8: Fixed issue with window resizing. New in v3.9.6: Fixed issue with using /server command with certain parameters. Eased nickname validation rules. New in v3.9.4: Server logging fixes. Xbox support on hiatus. New in v3.9.3: Changes to improve initialization speed on Xbox. New in v3.9.1: Fix for saving some Notification Settings. New in v3.9.0: New scripting engine with dramatic improvements in speed for Auto Actions and Addins. Aligned mIRC message colors with the mIRC spec. Added support for the mIRC text format reset code. Fixed inconsistent timestamp handling. Fixed right-clicking names in channels to work across different client window locations and sizes. Fixed for Hide Nick Changes being backwards in functionality. Fixed URL linking to work with colons. New in v3.8.11: Fixed issue with max buffer size. New in v3.8.10: Fixed text sizing on phones. New in v3.8.9: Fix for linking to URLs that contain ampersands. Fix for seeing loading splash screen when re-opening the client certain ways. Fix for improperly formatted /me messages. New messages on blank channels start displaying from the bottom again. New in v3.8.8: Added support for entering mult-line text in channels and PMs. The client can now detect when it is no longer the window in focus.
(Wraps consumer confidence, Focus survey, adds context)
São Paulo, Jan 26 (Reuters) - The outlook for Brazil's economic health this year has worsened considerably, according to data released on Monday, as analysts weigh the impact of painful fiscal measures and consumers become increasingly worried about the future.
Economists sharply raised their forecasts for Brazil's 2015 inflation rate while slashing their economic growth estimate for the year, a weekly central bank poll showed on Monday.
The median forecast of about 100 market economists shows 2015 ending with inflation at 6.99 percent, up from 6.53 percent a month ago. Brazil's government targets a rate of 4.5 percent, with a tolerance margin of two percentage points.
Meanwhile, the median estimate for economic growth this year dropped to 0.13 percent from 0.38 percent in the previous week's survey and 0.55 percent a month earlier.
To ward off a potential credit downgrade, the government has pledged to cut spending, which should weigh heavily on economic growth in 2015.
The central bank raised its benchmark Selic interest rate for the third straight time last week and left the door open for another 50 basis points at its next meeting.
Still, any slowing of inflation should be limited due to a string of recently announced tax increases and steep hikes in electricity and transportation prices.
Weak consumption is one of the most evident signs of Brazil's recent malaise. Household spending, which boomed during most of the past decade as millions of Brazilians joined the middle class, has stagnated over the past year as the broader economy ground to a halt.
Consumer confidence plunged in January to its lowest since the data series began in September 2005, according to a private survey also released on Monday.
The Getulio Vargas Foundation, or FGV, said its confidence index fell to 89.8 in January from 108.9 a year ago.
The index had remained above 100 for nearly six years until dropping to 95.3 in November.
The results “reflect increased worry about the job market and inflation,” said FGV economist Tabi Sant. (Reporting by Asher Levine; Editing by Toby Chopra and Lisa Von Ahn)
Many currently are unfamiliar with 93 Brand Jiu Jisu. The small Jiu Jitsu company based in the United States is becoming a leader in creating premium gear with artistic flair. Artist collaborations with Gawakoto and Meerkatsu have created a strong underground following and continued growing customer base. Though they are without an official store, there products can be found on Martial Arts Supplies.
Recent 93 Brand Jiu Jitsu launched their Citizen Fight Shorts. I instally hopped on the deal when it was offered on BJJHQ, and I was not disappointed in the least.
When first opening the package I could feel the quality in which these shorts were produced.
Features:
100% Polyester
Stretch Fabric
Internal Drawstring
Gripping Waistband
Partially Elastic Waistband
Sublimated Graphics
Side Split Seams Reinforced
Lightweight Stretch Panel over Crotch Gusset
Slim Profile
Velcro Secured Waist
Every Day Usage
Now, when they first arrived I put them on and wore them around the house while I finished off the errands. They were tremendously comfortable and breathable. Some shorts start can overheat if they are more designed like board shorts such as TapOut. But these felt great, the material is soft and has free range of motion. The two Velcro fortifying systems made the shorts feel extremely secure. After some basic calisthenics and stretching to test durability; it was off to training to conduct the real test.
Live Training
Even today some shorts still don't use sublimated designs. These shorts crack and lose logos after a few rolls or going through the washer and dryer. So to know that all the designs were sublimated increased my confidence in the durability of the shorts. My confidence was not misplaced. These shorts preformed exquisitely. They did not inhibit any of my movements and continued to have a free range of motion. They didn't ride up or slip down due the gripping waistband, didn't overheat, and showed no signs of defect with the materials. The material that connects the panels over the crotch is fantastic as it is fast drying and extremely flexible. Concerns My first concern was about the fitting and the elastic waistband. I'm not a huge fan of elastic waistbands but most only for the look of it when the shorts bunch up. These shorts do not do that for the most part and stretch to fit comfortably around the waist with a hint of secured tightness. The fit was amazing! I have been losing weight consistently over the years but have large hips. So my size is always depending on the style of garment. I wear 34, 33, and 32 inched waist for my shorts and pants. I bought a 32 inch as 34 would have been too big. The concern about the elastic waistband was crushed again as it made these shorts fit snug and comfortable for those of athletic prowess. Conclusion
Overall these shorts are a must-buy! I have recommended 93 Brand Jiu Jitsu gear to my friends and training partners as the quality of their equipment is top of the line. My favorite brands of grappling shorts are No-Gi, Sprawl, and Clinch Gear; I feel those brands represent the best quality shorts on the market. There is no over emphasis on the design which is a positive in my opinion. Quality should always come first and these shorts deliver. I put these in my Top Five Grappling Shorts. If you're interested in the shorts they can still be purchased of Martial Arts Supplies
Advertisements
The United States is an Orwellian nightmare, and I don't mean because of the NSA. Over decades, we've destroyed the difference between the words “government” and “state.” This linguistic trick has made it impossible to truly understand what either of those words mean, or to realistically challenge the status quo.
The history of what's now called “Libertarianism” in the US is rich with language-twisting and thought-constraining propaganda. The term “libertarian” itself is even a corruption of its original meaning. It had been used since 1858 as a synonym for “anarchist” — that is, belonging to the socialist, left-wing, anti-private-property anarchist movement dating as far back as Proudhon. This changed around the 1970s, as the right-libertarian founding father Murray Rothbard boasted in 1979:
One gratifying aspect of our rise to some prominence is that, for the first time in my memory, we, “our side,” had captured a crucial word from the enemy…”Libertari­ans”…had long been simply a polite word for left-wing anarchists, that is for anti-private property anarchists, either of the communist or syndicalist variety. But now we had taken it over…
This was the point at which capital-L “Libertarianism,” the right-wing aligned ideology of extremist individualism, antisocial paranoia, and a religious devotion to the gods of the market, came into its own.
Rothbard went on to say that this was more proper, because “we were proponents of individual liberty” and not the anarchists. To further make this point inarguable, the US Libertarian Party founder David Nolan created his famous chart:
The chart was sold as a more nuanced alternative to the one-dimensional political spectrum, because this one had two spectra: how much personal freedom you advocate, and how much economic freedom you advocate. The “left” were branded as advocates of personal freedom and not economic freedom, the “right” as advocates of economic but not personal freedom, but only the Libertarian Party advocated maximum personal and economic freedom.
The implication, of course, is that if you disagree with the Libertarian Party, you must hate freedom.
Nolan followed in Rothbard's crusade against traditional libertarian socialism: there's simply no place for it on his chart. Though classical anarchists identified with the left-wing of their time, it's reductionist to say that libertarian socialism is opposed to “economic freedom.” But it certainly disagrees with the Libertarian Party definition of “economic freedom,” which is the freedom to own property and be an asshole about it. Alas, the chart's accompanying “world's smallest political quiz” takes the existence of private property, corporations, employment, and current social structures as a given. Anyone thinking outside of that paradigm is given a choice to advocate “freedom” and be branded a neo-Libertarian, or be against “freedom” and be branded a liberal.
It wasn't enough to say that critics of Libertarianism were against freedom. As Libertarianism bled out from its fringe party and flowed into the mainstream right-wing of the Republican Party, rhetoric against the idea of “government” shot up. No longer content to criticize “the state” like the anarchists and libertarian socialists of old, the Libertarian right wanted to get “the government” out of their lives. First laws, rules, and regulations, but soon anything that even sounded like it could be somebody telling you what to do, all became “big government.”
Even as David Nolan and the Libertarian Party advocated for their own form of “self-government,” the idea got away from them and mutated into the monstrosity it is today.
To criticize “the state,” meaning an entity which has a monopoly on the legitimate use of violence in an area, is now interchangeable in the United States with criticizing “government.” Even when you drop the “the,” and refer to the abstract idea of “government,” the right-wing Libertarian way of thinking prevents any opinion but universal distrust and disgust.
In the US, “the state” and “government” have been newspeaked into the same word. We can't have a reasonable discussion about how people can achieve self-government anymore, because right-wing Libertarianism has made the idea of governing anything taboo. If you're for government, you're an authoritarian socialist, and you can't be a libertarian. If you're against war and the police, you also have to be against food stamps and social justice. If you start talking about governance without the state, nobody can wrap their heads around what you're saying. Make any reference to “the state” and people wonder if you're talking about Louisiana or California. Because those are states, right?
Anyone who's truly studied or paid attention to how communities operate in a stateless society knows that government is happening. Rules, codes, and standards of behavior — even if they're unwritten — get enforced all the time in any situation where human beings come together. People enforce “vernacular law,” as David Bollier calls it. This is because government isn't an institution, an organization, an entity, or any kind of single, concrete thing. It's a process. It's something we do, like science, dancing, magic, justice, warfare, or art. “The government” should rarely even be a grammatically correct combination of words.
Discussing that concept — the idea of people governing themselves, without the iron fist of the state — is essential for any realistic plan to achieve real, actual liberty for all of humanity. This was the ground first tread by the anarchists and libertarian socialists of the 19th century, and that tradition is being continued today by commons scholars, the alter-globalization movement, Pirate Parties, indigenous resistance movements, radical democrats, and more. The idea of self-governance is still marginalized and has an uphill battle around the world, but in the United States, we barely even have the language left to express it.
British police have released this very disturbing video, reportedly captured by a nearby closed-circuit camera, of a man attacking a 16-year-old girl for what authorities say is no discernible reason.
Crime is a major political issue in London, though a United Nations report found that it was one of the safest capital cities in the world. "Nevertheless, crime remains a concern for many Londoners and a key battleground in the mayoral election," the BBC explained earlier this year. Incumbent Boris Johnson won reelection a month later, but crime has often remained in the city's media spotlight.
This latest incident seems to hit on the city's anxieties that they're not as safe as they might feel. After all, what could be safer than a young woman walking down the street in the middle of the day, and what could be more random and senseless than this attack? That may explain the local media's captivation with the story.
The Daily Mail called the assailant the "most brutal thug in Britain," which maybe says as much about the United Kingdom's relatively safety as it does about the brutality of this attacker. The three adjectives that the tabloid Daily Mirror managed to squeeze into their lead sentence say it all: "shocking," "vile," and "innocently." London 24, in its interview with the victim, plays up her ominous quote: "I hope I am his last victim."
About
TRENDSETTING BAGS ANSWER EVERY NEED
Schitbag™ by LeSchitte is an exceptional line of designer bags whose beauty matches their astounding functionality. The Original Schitbag™ is the ultimate hands-free waist or hip bag for people of all walks of life. Whether you're a fashionista, new parent, or traveler on the go; whether you're riding a motorcycle, bicycle, or on horseback; whether you're going dancing or just to the grocery store, you can bring everything you need in this sleek, compact bag. The Schitbag™ goes securely around your waist or hip and looks great with everything.
For the first time, a hands-free, shoulder-free belt bag has such impeccable style and unmistakable quality that it transforms any ensemble into high fashion. Form, function and fashion merge in The Original Schitbag™.
Reward #4: The Original Schitbag one-belted version
In contrast to the bulging “fanny pack” of the 1980s, The Original Schitbag™ is a sleek packet that lies flat against the body, allowing you to move in comfort and grace. Worn on a belt around the waist or hips, The Original Schitbag™ contours to the curves of your body, becoming a natural asset instead of an appendage.
Reward #4: The Original Schitbag one-belted version in Leather
Reward #4: The Original Schitbag in suede
Reward #2: The Original Schitbag in Canvas
Reward #5: The Original Schitbag Two Belted Versions in Leather.
Reward #3: The Original Schitbag in Canvas Two-Belted Version
OUR GOAL: TO MAKE SCHITBAG™ ACCESSIBLE TO EVERYONE
We believe The Original Schitbag™ represents an improvement in lifestyle and is a fashion innovation that should be accessible to everyone.
From models to students to moms--everyone who has tried the Schitbag™ now swears by it! People love having it handy at the waist or hip and not having to rummage through a cluttered purse several times a day. They know their "stuff" is neatly tucked into dedicated compartments, where it is easily accessible. And doctors recommend this comfortable bag because there's no strain on the shoulders or neck.
We believe everyone should have at least one Schitbag™,
WHERE WE STAND NOW
Utilizing a factory renowned for its craftsmanship, we perfected The Original Schitbag™ in a small test run. Then we developed other highly evolved designs: a distinctive Messenger Bag, a Cross-Body U-Shape Bag, and a classic Tote, all designed to make life easier and look great.
Because the fashion industry works six months to one year in advance of each season, we are prepared to place a production order for our Fall 2013 line. However, the order must be prepaid and takes approximately four and one-half months to manufacture. We are asking friends of Kickstarter to help us finance this production run by pledging any amount they can in the hopes of reaching our $30,000 goal.
OUR REWARDS
We are excited to offer the creative reward packages we've put together, including a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to model a Schitbag™ on the Times Square Billboard in New York, signed and numbered bags, a sprinkling of our caps and scarves, and the chance to name a Schitbag™ style after yourself or someone you love. One of our reward packages can be a delightful self-indulgence or a spectacular gift.
WE ARE OFFERING ALL OUR BAGS AS REWARDS FOR YOU.
All our bags feature:
- The finest materials and craftsmanship
- Exclusive high-fashion image plus streamlined function
- Organized compartments for quick access to the tools of life
- Impeccable detail, including topstitching, contrast piping, frayed edges.
We invite you to combine any of our Rewards, or select from our creative packages, featuring unique modeling and once-in-a-lifetime gifting opportunities. For you, for your loved ones, for all--The Original Schitbag™.
Reward #3: 18"x11.5" Messenger Bag in sturdy 100% cotton canvas transports laptop, books, and work/school "stuff" in style. Front flap reinforced wtih reflective silver lining; lots of slots; fully lined; cross-body web belt
Reward #3: Tote Bag with handy compartments in durable 100% cotton canvas. Exclusive silver piping and frayed edges. Stands upright on silver reflective base with metal "feet." Strong handles reinforced with silver
Reward #3: 9-1/2"x10" Cross-Body U-Shape bag is chic for all ages. Heavy-duty 100% cotton canvas. Inside front and exterior flaps have reflective silver lining to match piping, hardware, and logo. Frayed edges; web cross-body strap; fully lined.
Reward #1: Schithead is the ultimate head trip. For men and women. Made of heavy brushed cotton, 6 panels. Adjustable Baseball style and Stretch Flat Bill variations.
Reward #1: Signature Scarves: 100% Silk--8"x54" or 50% Wool/50% Silk--10"x64". All scarves have hand-rolled side edges and frayed ends.
Our ultimate Reward #10: A once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to model a Schitbag on the Times Square Billboard in New York
If you have any questions, please let us know. We will answer you promptly. Please be sure to check out our FAQ section, where we provide many more details about the bags.
For more product photos and updates on our progress, please visit us on Facebook - Facebook.com/Schittewear or via Twitter - twitter.com/schittewear.
Our team:
Sherry – inventor, lead designer, entrepreneur, all-around everything-that-needs-to-be-done person.
Carol – artist and co-designer, fashion consultant.
Amy – copywriter.
James – MBA intern and total support in so many areas, including helping to put the Kickstarter project together from concept to finished project. We cannot thank him enough.
Ellen – BFF.
Teri - Social Graces
Patsy - top dog, as seen in the video.
We want to thank our team for helping us take Schitbag™ to this point. Extra special thanks go to James for his tireless efforts in helping to put this Kickstarter project together.
AND SPECIAL THANKS TO KICKSTARTERS AND ALL OF YOU FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION AND SUPPORT.
MONTREAL As Pauline Marois launches her bid for a governing majority one might well ask what could possibly go wrong for the Parti Québécois between now and the April 7 Quebec election?
PQ Leader Pauline Marois can be expected to offer noncommittal statements on the issue of sovereignty during the election campaign. ( Jacques Boissinot / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
According to a Léger Marketing poll published by QMI a few hours before Wednesday's election call, the PQ has a 22-point head start on the second-place Liberals among the francophone voters who will determine which party forms the next government. The controversial secularism charter that has become the government's signature project is backed by a majority of voters. In the lead-up to the call the premier has used every lever of power to shore up her advantage, with key regions of the province showered with good-news government announcements.
Article Continued Below
In the past two elections Marois faced off against former premier Jean Charest — a politician widely considered one of Canada's most formidable campaigners. This election will play out on a more level field. The Liberals' Philippe Couillard, is a rookie leader who could have used more time to master his front line role. Former PQ minister François Legault's Coalition Avenir Quebec has shed more than a third of its support since the 2012 election. All of the above has many Quebec watchers bracing for a repeat Quebec/Canada confrontation.
In the Conservative backrooms on Parliament Hill for instance the unity alert level has quietly been raised from green to amber. That contingency planning is in order.
Article Continued Below
There have been two PQ governing cycles since 1976 and both featured a referendum on Quebec's political future. Marois may be set to spend the campaign offering noncommittal statements on the issue. The opening speech of her campaign did not even feature the word sovereignty. But for sovereigntist baby-boomers like herself, time is running out to see the dream of Quebec's independence come through. If she does win a majority next month, her base will expect nothing less than an all-out government effort to secure the winning conditions for another referendum. But while it is tempting to treat the outcome of the April 7 vote as a foregone conclusion, anyone who has followed Quebec politics since the 1995 referendum should be wary of fast-forwarding to another showdown before the election campaign has even begun. Over the past decade voters in this country have regularly turned pre-election polls on their heads. The Bloc Québécois started the 2011 federal campaign in as solid a position as the PQ is today. Yet, by voting day, it had traded its place with the fourth-ranked NDP. The NDP sweep was not the first sign that a sizeable contingent Quebec voters was seeking to break out of the sovereigntist/federalist box. Since the last referendum, the PQ has managed to win a majority only once — under Lucien Bouchard in 1998 — and the party still came second to the Liberals in the popular vote. Over that period two parties — the CAQ on the right and Québec Solidaire on the left — have eaten away at the PQ's electoral base. Marois'mission in this campaign is to bring lapsed party supporters back to the fold. But polls suggest that a strong majority of Quebecers — more than 60 per cent — remain averse to a return to referendum politics. The more the April 7 ballot box question is tilted toward sovereignty versus federalism, the more those voters might think twice about voting for the PQ. Marois is hoping to counter the widespread aversion to a referendum with the secularism charter. But while the plan is popular with voters it ranks well below the top tier of priorities. According to a CBC-EKOS poll published earlier this week, only 5 per cent of Quebecers see the charter as a priority; the proportion of those who picked sovereignty was even lower. By comparison the economy was the choice of 42 per cent, easily outranking every other issue on the Quebec radar. If the PQ — with so many strong cards in hand — cannot secure a majority on April 7, it may be plunged back into the kind of existential crisis that almost shattered the party and Marois' leadership in opposition. But if she wins her election gamble the only federalist boots left on the ground in francophone Quebec next month could be federal ones. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Her column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
Without asking for permission, Facebook has changed users' listed email address to one ending in "@facebook.com."
The changed was discovered Saturday, and has resulted in either users having their @facebook.com address being listed or simply having all of their other addresses be hidden, as happened in my case.
The @facebook.com email service was announced in 2010, but it hasn't really gained traction as a replacement to other email service. It makes sense for the social network to want to promote its own service, but the way it's gone about it is sure to upset some people.
ROUNDUP: The freshest Facebook features
To change back your email address, go to your profile, click "Update info," scroll down to "Contact Info" and click "Edit." Select with whom you want to share each individual email address and to the right of that choose whether you want your email displayed on your timeline or not.
Note: By submitting this form, you agree to Third Door Media's terms . We respect your privacy .
Sign up for our NEW daily brief, your #1 source for need-to-know search marketing news.
Welcome back to my eight-part series providing growth hacks to search marketers. I began by sharing growth hacks for protecting your valuable branded keywords in PPC, including teaming up with affiliates and knocking out unwanted competitors with search engine complaints.
Next, I discussed how to use competitive data to boost paid market share. This included identifying top keywords to monitor, gathering quantitative and qualitative results on competitors and analyzing macro-level topics such as geotargeting and affiliates.
Now let's focus on organic. I'll assume you're already experienced with SEO best practices. But you might not know how to fine-tune your SEO efforts using competitive insights and keyword monitoring. You can achieve big gains in market share for your websites by monitoring keywords.
The five market share growth hacks below comes from what I've learned from The Search Monitor (disclosure: my employer), which monitors millions of organic listings at the local and international level.
Let's dive in!
Hack #1: Improve page share
Page share means the number of listings where your URL is indexed out of the total listings that appear. For example, if you are indexed on three search results in the top 10, then you have a 30 percent page share.
To improve your page share, perform these steps:
Measure your own page share. Measure your competitor's page share by doing a competitive audit on three to five competitors using a tool that monitors rank and the number of listings on your organic keywords. Identify the list of keywords where your competitors have a higher page share than you do, as this indicates that the competitors have more visibility and more clicks.
This creates a list of keywords to prioritize.
From this list, carve off the group of keywords where the impression volume is the highest and evaluate using your usual SEO best practices on how to improve your rank and number of listings on these keywords. To get a fast result, make sure that these keywords are part of your paid campaigns to boost rank instantly. This buys you time while you're working on SEO.
Hack #2: Optimize for SERP sections
The organic SERP (search engine results page) has become a collage of different sections appearing dynamically based on keyword searches (often referred to as “blended results” or “Universal Search“). If your goal is to appear at the top of the page, but you are optimizing for a section that is below the fold for a particular keyword, then your goal is not achievable.
Your objective should be to optimize your share for the sections that are most relevant for your business and that have the highest page rank. For example, the map is the first section for some searches, while the main organic is the first section for others.
Here's a quick overview of some of the important organic sections:
Organic listings
Images
Videos
Local (map)
News
Books
Hotels
Knowledge Graph Profiles
First, identify the page layouts for your target keywords. You can do this manually or by using a monitoring tool that breaks down the layout styles for you.
Second, review your rank and position in the page sections that appear closest to the top.
For example, if video results are important for your business, are you appearing there? Or, if the local/map section appears first for your target keywords, are you present there? Local listings are especially important for brick-and-mortar businesses.
After you self-diagnose, prioritize a keyword list for which you're absent from your desired section, or you appear below key competitors. Share this list with your SEO team to increase your site's relevance for these sections.
Hack #3: Indexed content
Another hack to improve your organic presence is to study the type of content that is boosting your competition's rankings.
Here's the data you need for this exercise:
Content listings that are indexed by Google.
Keywords where each piece of content has ranking (to calculate impressions).
Impressions for each piece of content (impressions = the total impressions or search volume for all keywords where the piece of content is ranking).
Sort your data by number of impressions. Then, review your competitor's content with the greatest impressions or search volume to determine what you can adapt for yourself.
Now, let's focus on the specific copy in these competitive listings. Your goal is to use this intel to make your own listing copy more competitive. The formula here is pretty straightforward:
Look at the headline and description being pulled into the listing by the engines. Summarize the different messaging and offers they use. Adjust your on-page SEO to display competitive listing copy.
Hack #4: Organic reputation
This hack focuses on a crucial element of organic listings for many businesses: reviews and ratings. These appear as a star rating (out of five) and number of Google reviews in the local/map section or right-side info panel.
If these apply to your business, it's crucial to understand how your reviews and ratings appear, as well as how they compare to those of your competitors. You also need to learn how they change over time compared to your competitors.
Gather the review and rating data that the engines display on your organic listings, then work to improve your scores by encouraging your satisfied users to submit ratings and reviews. If you have multiple locations and need to prioritize, focus on the listings with a low number of reviews and with lower review scores than your competitors, as positive reviews will have a bigger impact on listing with fewer ratings.
Hack #5: Local
It's important to remember that your organic market share can — and often does — differ by the location of the searcher.
My last hack for improving organic share is aimed at business with a local focus, whether it be brick-and-mortar stores or just businesses who have different offerings by geography. Examples include auto dealerships, insurance offices, banks, delivery companies, and of course, retail chains.
Start by building a list of your priority geographies and learning the impressions, rank and overall market share for each location as compared to your competitors. Prioritize locations that are most important to your business and where you're the weakest versus competitors. The fix here might be as simple as intelligently adding these location names to your web pages and off-site content.
Final thoughts
The five growth hacks presented here will help you appear more often, and higher up, in the desired sections of the organic SERP. They all start with knowing which competitors appear above you, where, how often and how they do it. Only then can you tweak your on-page and off-page SEO tactics, and reallocate resources, to increase your organic market share.
Stay tuned for my next article, as I combine my growth hacks for paid and organic into a cohesive strategy aimed at dominating the full-page results.
Opinions expressed in this article are those of the guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here.
U.S. Army soldiers assigned to 5-25 Field Artillery, Battery C, 2nd Platoon fires a Howitzer M-777 A2 in support of Iraqi Security Forces near Al Qaim, Iraq, Nov. 07, 2017.
WASHINGTON — The U. S. military has more than 44,000 troops across the globe that the Pentagon claims it cannot track, according to a recent report.
“We are not at a point where we can give numbers other than those officially stated,” said Army Col. Rob Manning, a Pentagon spokesman.
The report — compiled by the Defense Manpower Data Center under the Office of the Secretary of Defense — shows more than 44,000 personnel in a category labeled “Unknown.”
Active-duty military personnel number slightly more than 1.3 million in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps and Air Force, and hundreds of thousands more civilian personnel fall under Defense departments. That number does not include Reserve and National Guard formations that might be active at any particular time.
The United States has military personnel in nearly every country in the world, ranging from two liaison officers in Fiji to tens of thousands from all of the service branches in Japan and Germany, according to the report.
Manning said during a press briefing Wednesday that troop numbers in Syria are about four times higher than reported by the Pentagon, with 2,000 present in the country. He also clarified that there are 5,200 in Iraq, up from about 5,000 reported earlier.
“We seek to balance informing the American public with the imperative of operational security and denying the enemy any advantage,” Manning said at the briefing.
The Pentagon's previous number of troops in Syria was 503. Though the additional 1,500 acknowledged Wednesday is small compared to the size of DOD manpower -- over 246,000 in California alone according to the data center -- such discrepancies could help explain why 44,000 are unaccounted for.
'No easy way'
The data center is charged with accounting for troops and civilian personnel that fall under the Defense Department. The numbers are updated quarterly on the center's website, www.DMDC.osd.mil.
“Our commitment is to be as transparent as we can, within the constraints of operation security,” Manning said. The Pentagon acknowledged in a statement that it has no good way to track how many servicemembers are stationed overseas, where they are and when they were there.
“There is no one personnel system in the [Defense Department] that tracks the daily location of all DoD personnel. There is no easy way to track all deployments, training exercises, TDY (being attached to another unit for training or specific missions, typically for less than six months) or temporary assignments,” according to the statement. “If you take the total numbers assigned in the United States and assigned overseas, and add the ‘Unknown,' you get the total force numbers for each service.”
However, another Pentagon spokesman questions the value of the data center numbers.
“Those numbers are not meant to represent an accurate accounting of troops currently deployed to any location,” said Eric Pahon. “They should not be relied upon for a current picture for what is going on.”
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis ordered a review of how personnel are counted in Afghanistan and elsewhere.
“There's a very strange accounting procedure I inherited ... What I'm probably going to end up doing is out putting everyone into one thing and saying, ‘Here's how many are really there now,' '' Mattis said during a news conference in August.
Complicated numbers
The murkiness of the posted numbers of personnel in locations across the world follows a congressional outcry over lack of knowledge of how many soldiers are stationed in Niger, where four Special Forces soldiers were killed Oct. 4 in an attack by militants thought to be associated with radical Islamists.
Prominent members of Congress, including Sen. Lindsey Graham, R.-S.C., claimed they had no idea that so many soldiers -- about 800, according to Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff -- were deployed to Niger. The United States has maintained troops there since 2013 and has been involved on and off in the country for decades, Dunford said.
Pentagon officials say “accounting procedures” make knowing actual end strength difficult to determine.
Troop numbers in Afghanistan peaked in 2010 with more than a 100,000 troops deployed as part of former President Barack Obama's “surge” strategy to counter a patchwork of Taliban and other insurgent groups. Those numbers have been drastically reduced; the data center report states there are 16,500 DOD personnel in Afghanistan, including civilians.
The use of contractors in place of regular troops also complicates the issue. They do not typically fall under the total number of deployed personnel to war zones, and often take the place of normal unit personnel such as mechanics and truck drivers, as Afghanistan commanding officer Army Gen. John Nicholson told Congress earlier this year.
The United States maintains 23,659 contractors in Afghanistan and 4,609 in Iraq, according to a fourth-quarter 2017 report from the Defense Department. Many of them are local residents and foreign nationals hired to provide basic services at U.S. bases, but they also include many skilled workers, pilots, technicians and private security forces, according to the report.
The percentage of Defense Department personnel deployed to combat zones is small by Post-9/11 standards of hundreds of thousands of troops in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere. But smaller numbers of “train-and-equip” specialists such as Special Forces and contractors are becoming ubiquitous in many countries in Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia, according to the data center report.
Obama set caps on numbers of troops near the end of his presidency, and deployed numbers dropped significantly. But President Donald Trump has given authorization for combatant commanders in theaters to have more discretion over how many troops are required.
“The delegation of this authority does not in itself change the force levels for Afghanistan,” Mattis said in a statement after Trump's directives. “Rather, it ensures the Department of Defense can facilitate our missions and align our commitment to the rapidly evolving security situation, giving our troops greater latitude to provide air power and other vital support.”
carlson.stephen@stripes.com
Twitter: @swcarlson1
“Escaping the past
By embracing the future.”
I, as I'm sure like many others, really got into Haken last year with the release of The Mountain and then made my way through Visions and Aquarius – two albums which I actually prefer to The Mountain (which isn't to say it isn't mind-blowing). I absolutely love Haken and was ridiculously excited when I heard they were releasing more music, even just a 3-track EP. Three tracks which in this case roughly equate to 34 minutes of music. My anticipation was high, and as it turns out, completely justified.
‘Darkest Light' starts this EP like a aural punch to the face – Haken aren't wasting any time and they're not messing around. It is clear from the first few bars that the song is going to be quite dark, which makes sense as the songs from Restoration are based on songs from their early demo Enter The 5th Dimension, easily the darkest of their work. ‘Darkest Light' begins in exactly the same way as ‘Blind' from Enter The 5th Dimension and follows a similar pattern for a time, but it is so clear how much they have matured as a band. The musicianship on ‘Darkest Light' is phenomenal, and while it is probably my least favourite track on the EP, it is an instantly satisfying, complex track that feels much shorter than its 6:44 running time.
If all the crazy, discordant, prog metal madness appeared in ‘Darkest Light', which I feel is remeniscent of ‘Portals' from Visions, ‘Earthlings' satisfies the mellower (I use this word lightly) and more atmospheric side to Haken, as seen on tracks such as ‘Deathless' and ‘Because It's There'. The song starts slowly, a complete contrast to the previous one, with a clean, slightly evil sounding guitar arpeggio. Ross Jennings enters, subdued, and really shows off his (and the rest of the band's) versatility, which is made yet clearer on the next track. The track is reserved and quite long, but never feels as if it's dragging. There are nifty robotic vocals, and Richard Henshall and Charlie Griffiths (guitars) make great use of their instruments, while never being over the top. There is no huge payoff to the song, but it doesn't need one. It fits the tone of the EP perfectly and is a great addition to their repertoire.
Now the track any self-respecting Haken fan has been dreaming about since the announcement – ‘Crystallised'. Oh boy, it's a good one. I felt like the very beginning drew on Visions; quiet, atmospheric sounds then suddenly the band explodes in with a soaring intro riff. Then, as suddenly as they came in, the tone changes completely. There's no overture, it's straight into the verse. It reminds me of Dream Theater's ‘Breaking All Illusions': after the epic “searching out / reaching in…” there is suddenly a ‘pixie dance' section. I love it, and I love Haken's adaption of the technique. The lyrics in the chorus also feel reminiscent of Visions: “Someone's calling me / echoes of a childhood memory”.
A classic Haken instrumental section follows a short bridge which makes use of the electronic ‘broken' drums used on ‘Because It's There' to great effect. There's an incredible keyboard solo and tricky off-beat rhythm guitar parts. They definitely have a distinct sound although it's clear who their inspirations are – I think every band should aspire to this. Another Haken staple follows – the a cappella section. This is where the song really starts to get amazing. The folky, almost mediaeval style guitar part after this is my favourite moment on the whole EP. It's just damn cool, there isn't really a more eloquent way to put it, and fits perfectly. The vocal harmonies continue as the music comes in and the theme is repeated, but not overdone. At the risk of comparing to Dream Theater too much, I instantly thought of the little guitar lick in ‘Octavarium' at around 17:40 (just off the top of my head). The theme continues on into some “las”, which may sound cheesy on paper but trust me – you'll love it. Ross Jennings is a stunning vocalist and really stands out in this section.
Who would Haken be, though, if they didn't snap you straight out of that into another amazing, discordant instrumental section? This time every musician gets to stretch their legs and show off their amazing prowess, particularly new bassist Connor Green. I love that Haken can go from deathly serious in a song like ‘Earthlings' to adding humour into a huge instrumental, flitting seamlessly between styles.
I always anticipate the ending of a huge prog song such as this, and let me tell you, I was not disappointed. It's an absolutely perfect ending; the lyrics are amazing.
“The moon will rise
The night will fall
I hold your hand
But you let go.
The sun will shine
The snow will thaw
All things must pass
Into the unknown.”
Beautiful and so god damn epic. ‘Crystallised' is easily on a par with ‘Celestial Elixir' and ‘Visions' and it is clear that Haken have so much more to give. Bring on album number four!
9/10
Advertisements
Ed Laukes spoke with AN at the 2017 Texas State Fair's opening weekend about Toyota's lack of fresh truck-based vehicles at the truck-centric event. When asked if it was time for Toyota to update its aging platforms, Laukes said, “One hundred percent. We are working on that right now.” Toyota's stagnate models are further highlighted by the constant change and updates happening with Ford , General Motors, and Ram's products. Toyota's renewed focus on trucks can likely be attributed to both the truck and SUV segment's explosion in popularity and Toyota America's recent move of its headquarters from California to Texas. Texas is well known for its love of trucks. Some say Texas sets the tone for a pickup's success in the rest of the U.S. Now with its new multi-million dollar HQ outside Dallas and its Tundra and Tacoma assembly plant in San Antonio, it's highly likely Toyota will wholeheartedly dawn its cowboy boots and Stetson hat.
It's no secret Toyota has several aging SUVs and a pickup that desperately need attention. The full-size Tundra was last touched – and mildly at that – in 2014 and the 4Runner isn't much further ahead. The three-row Sequoia is the segment's oldest contender, dating back a full decade to 2008. Small changes are coming for the 2018 Sequoia, but it won't be enough to catapult this body-on-frame SUV to the top of the pack. Thankfully, Toyota knows this, and as the automaker's vice president of marketing told Automotive News, things are soon changing.
Why it Matters
Trucks are a big deal in the U.S., that can almost go without saying. The pickup and SUV/crossover markets are growing more each month, stealing sales away from sedans and other low-riding segments. But as brands like General Motors enjoys big sales thanks to its diverse SUV and pickup lineup, Toyota is currently relying on its sedans and mild-mannered crossovers to bring in profits. The one exception is the Tacoma, which continues to lead the mid-size pickup category month after month. But don't get the idea Toyota is suffering. Ed Laukes points out the RAV4 is selling like mad, having moved just less than 43,000 units in September alone! That's about 10,000 units shy of surpassing the Tundra's sales-to-date for 2017. The Tundra isn't a bust, though. It has averaged yearly sales between 115,000 and 118,000 since its refresh in 2014.
Nevertheless, a new Tundra, 4Runner and Sequoia are needed if Toyota wants more market share in each of those segments. And with Laukes' confirmation that the automaker is working on major updates for the trio, we can bet things are going to get even more competitive. Let's have a look at these three and see where Toyota could take them in the near future.
The Tundra nameplate has been around since 2000. The first generation Tundra did well for itself, but its not-quite-full-size stature meant many customers didn't cross-shop the Tundra against segment stalwarts like the Chevy Silverado, Ford F-150, and Ram 1500. Toyota fixed that in 2007 when it introduced a completely new Tundra. The second-generation truck was much larger and featured more creature comforts. An all-new 5.7-liter V-8 brought respectable power that competed well against GM, Ford, and Ram's V-8 offerings.
Toyota refreshed the Tundra for the 2014 model year, giving it a more angular, chiseled body and a new dashboard design
Toyota refreshed the Tundra for the 2014 model year, giving it a more angular, chiseled body and a new dashboard design. The underpinnings remained mostly unchanged, with a few enhancements to the 4.0-liter V-6 for more power. The 4.6-liter and 5.7-liter V-8s remained unchanged. The Tundra TRD Pro debuted for 2015, bringing a healthy dose of off-road chops, making it one of the best off-roading pickups in the industry, short of the Ford F-150 Raptor and Ram Power Wagon.
While the 2014 update was very welcomed, it did not address the Tundra's towing or payload capacity. It's currently rated to pull a maximum of 10,100 pounds, which trails every half-ton truck but the Nissan Titan. Fuel efficiency was also glazed over, with the 4.6-liter V-8 getting only 19 mpg on the highway and the 5.7-liter only mustering up 17 mpg on the highway. Considering the Ram 1500 EcoDiesel can get 29 mpg on the highway, the Ford F-150 2.7-liter EcoBoost can get 26 mpg highway, and the Chevy Silverado 4.3-liter V-6 can get 24 mpg highway, the Tundra simply falls flat.
Thankfully, Laukes thinks there is definitely a way to improve. In that interview with Automotive News, he said, “There's absolutely no reason we couldn't have a hybrid truck. All those options, we're exploring. When you're trying to raise you CAFE limits for the entire brand, there's no option that isn't on the table.”
In the Tundra's next generation, we can expect an all-new V-6 and a heavily revised V-8, both paired with an eight- or 10-speed automatic transmission
In the Tundra's next generation, we can expect an all-new V-6 and a heavily revised V-8, both paired with an eight- or 10-speed automatic transmission. We'd bet on a fully boxed frame (a response to customer and media input), improved in-dash technology, and some healthy improvements to active and passive safety systems. An aluminum body is likely too much for Toyota to pull off, but not a hybrid powertrain. A gasoline-electric system could boost the Tundra into a leading pot in the segment and will compete directly with Ford's upcoming hybrid F-150. The full-size truck market will definitely be an interesting place over the next few years.
The 4Runner name is one of the most iconic in the SUV segment and continues to be a hot seller, despite the current model's age. The fifth-generation 4Runner debuted for the 2010 model year and has steadily increased its sales year-over-year, moving from 46,531 sold in 2010 to 111,970 in 2016. Much of the 4Runner's success can likely be attributed to its lack of competition in its segment. The Jeep Wrangler and 4Runner are the sole mid-size SUVs that ride on a ladder frame and offer respectable off-road capability. Sitting atop the 4Runner's trim lines is the very-capable TRD Pro. Like the TRD Pro trim on the Tundra, the 4Runner's version brings upgraded suspension parts, beefier underbody skid plates, meatier tires, swanky electronic traction aids, and some unique bodywork.
Yet despite its impressive capabilities and sales growth, the 4Runner continues to use an old 4.0-liter V-6 with underwhelming power and fuel economy
Yet despite its impressive capabilities and sales growth, the 4Runner continues to use an old 4.0-liter V-6 with underwhelming power and fuel economy. It also has an interior that could use some love. Toyota would be smart to offer its new 3.5-liter V-6 found in the Tacoma, along with a hybrid system as an option. The one thing we hope Toyota never changes about the 4Runner, however, is its rugged body-on-frame design.
The Sequoia debuted in 2001 and was based on the first-generation Tundra. The introduction of the second-generation Tundra in 2007 saw the Sequoia get the same updates, too, for the 2008 model year. For whatever reason, Toyota didn't see fit to update the Sequoia after the Tundra's refresh in 2014. That means this three-row, body-on-frame SUV is still the same as it was in 2008. Toyota is rectifying that for 2018 with the addition of its active safety system (Toyota Safety Sense), slightly revised styling up front, an interior that looks similar to the 2014+ Tundra, and the addition of a TRD Sport trim. In 2013, the Sequoia has lost its 4.6-liter V-8, leaving the 5.7-liter V-8 as the only engine and six-speed automatic transmission. Like the Tundra, the V-8 makes 381 horsepower and 401 pound-feet of torque.
Despite the SUV segment being on fire, the Sequoia has never sold well
Despite the SUV segment being on fire, the Sequoia has never sold well. The second-generation's first year, 2008, was its best at 30,693 examples sold. In 2016, Toyota only managed to move 12,771 Sequoias in the U.S. Compare that to the Chevrolet Tahoe's 2016 sales of 103,306 or the Ford Expedition at 59,835. It's clear Toyota has some catching up to do. Granted, Toyota does have the Land Cruiser, but it has been continually updated through the years and competes in the premium SUV segment with vehicles like the Range Rover and Mercedes GL-Class. In fact, 2018 has a significant update for the Land Cruiser. But unlike the Sequoia, Land Cruiser can attribute its continual modernization to its global availability. It obviously has a larger customer base to keep happy.
As for what a future Sequoia might look like, expect to see the same upgrades and changes found on the next-generation Tundra
As for what a future Sequoia might look like, expect to see the same upgrades and changes found on the next-generation Tundra. While that's a no-brainer, Toyota would be wise to further help the Sequoia with a more luxury-minded suspension and interior over the Tundra, with the full-size, body-on-frame SUV segment trending toward the premium side.
Conclusion
Toyota has a lot of ground to make up with its Tundra, 4Runner, and Sequoia. There's no doubt all three need some attention. Now that Toyota America is based in the truck-loving state of Texas, things are likely to improve. But not just on the short-term, either. Baring an economic disaster or rise in fuel prices, trucks and SUVs will continue to grow in popularity. Toyota will have to keep its products on a shorter life cycle (definitely less than a decade!) and continually upgrade and refresh its lineup every three to four years. It's done a great job at this within is car and crossover categories, so it just takes the added investment to do the same with its body-on-frame products.
What do you think? Should Toyota renew its focus on trucks and SUVs? What changes would you want in the Tundra, 4Runer, and Sequoia? Let us know in the comments below.
References
Read our full review on the 2017 Toyota Tundra.
Read our full speculative review on the next generation Toyota Tundra.
Read our full review on the 2017 Toyota 4Runner.
Read our full review on the 2017 Toyota Sequoia.
Source: Automotive News
Continued from Page 1
We finally got it together and realized we needed to do it together.
I watch guys from other bands try and go out and do solo projects and they do what they do whether it's to satisfy their egos or whatever but people don't want to see that. They want to see where you came from. They want to see what you're part of; they want to see the whole pie. With this band, the whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
Rock Cellar Magazine: Joe Perry has his own hot sauce brand and you're joining in as an entrepreneur with you own coffee brand, “Rockin and Roastin.”
Joey Kramer: To begin with, I'm not the kind of celebrity that just sits back on my laurels and uses my name for products and waits to have money come pouring in. Just like the band, the coffee is not about the money.
I enjoy bringing great things to people and although I have a great platform being in the band, that gets me going and gets people's ear tuned to what I'm saying and what it is about.
But the fact remains that it's really good coffee. There are three different kinds of coffee; there's Guatemalan, Sumatran and Ethiopian. I chose those three because those are my favorite countries to have coffee. Those are the three that I chose. They're roasted to my specs and I go in and I cut the coffee. I designed the bag; my wife thought of the name. I'm hands-on with it all the time and it's really my baby.
It's like the band; it's a labor of love. It's not so much about the money as it is about bringing a great product to people and I'll never let people down as far as the quality of what it is that I'm doing. I am who I am and I represent who I represent and it can't be shit. And if it was, people would find that out right away.
But I'm getting great feedback about my coffee and people are loving it. The company's doing really well and I'm as happy as I can be about it.
Rock Cellar Magazine: The band has expressed displeasure with your debut album produced by Adrian Barber.
Joey Kramer: If there's one that I would love to do in regards to Aerosmith it would be to go back and remix the first album. I know from my point of view that there's a lot of stuff on there that you can't really hear. I have pleasant memories of recording that album; we had a good time. That album was recorded in three weeks. We set up our gear in the studio, which was a studio where they made commercials; it wasn't really a recording studio.
So they set up our gear and put microphones in front of the amps and my drums and we played and that's what that record is.
Rock Cellar Magazine: With the follow-up album, Get Your Wings, the personality of the band really started to shine through, especially with producer Jack Douglas behind the board.
Joey Kramer: Having Jack come into the mix and became part of it was a big thing for us because he came from working with Bob Ezrin, who worked with Alice Cooper. The production on those Alice Cooper records was better than the band itself. Get Your Wings has one of my favorite all-time songs on it which is Lord of the Thighs.
With that record, it was the first time that we sat down with a producer and rephrased the songs and carved them out into what they were gonna be and then went into the studio and recorded them in an orderly fashion. That was all due to Jack.
Rock Cellar Magazine: Do you view that album as a breakthrough as it shows off various sides of the band with rockers like S.O.S. (Too Bad) and consummate ballads like Seasons of Wither?
Joey Kramer: Yeah, interestingly enough it showed off the various sides of what we could do to other people who were the ones who saw the potential and the talent that we had. But I don't think that we had seen it yet. I think we were still so busy doing what we were doing and so busy being a band and being as good as we could be, we always had the attitude of, okay, this is good, how can we make it better? We've always been that way.
Rock Cellar Magazine: You co-wrote Pandora's Box, which appears on that album.
Joey Kramer: I showed Steven the original lick on an old guitar that I found and he liked it. So I passed him the ball and he pretty much ran with it and that's how it came about.
Rock Cellar Magazine: When did you realize Aerosmith has broken through and no dead-end jobs would be on the horizon for the band?
Joey Kramer: (laughs) I don't think I ever consciously had that thought but I guess when Toys in the Attic came out, which was our third record. When that album came out is when Dream On became a big hit, which was a song off of the first record.
Then after Dream On was a hit came Walk this Way which was off the Toys in the Attic album. When that album hit, it hit pretty hard and it was kind of obvious as to what was going on and that we had broken through in a big way.
Rock Cellar Magazine: Speaking of Walk this Way, did you recognize its potential right away or was it just another good song you cut for Toys in the Attic?
Joey Kramer: We worked hard to nail down everything musically. That song took shape in a recording studio out in Framingham, Massachusetts owned by a recording artist named Sandy Pratt. We were there with Jack (Douglas) and came together there. It came along fairly quickly.
There were two or three days we worked on that song. We didn't know it would be a big hit. We were just trying to do the best that we could. The good thing about Jack, who I can't say enough good things about is as far as he was concerned, there was no such thing as a bad idea. He was always willing to try anything and everything that anyone came up with. I can't say everybody in the band was as willing to do that as he was, but that was Jack.
Even when we did our last album, Music From Anther Dimension, his attitude was the same, which was there's not a bad idea. One of the nights we all went to the movies with Jack and saw Young Frankenstein. When the character played by Marty Feldman went “Walk this way”, Jack just fucking popped up and went, “That's it, that's the number of the song!”
Rock Cellar Magazine: For many Rocks is the band's pinnacle as a recording act, why is that such a significant album in the group's catalog?
Joey Kramer: Well, first of all, what makes Rocks such a great album is the songs; songs like Nobody's Fault. There were songs on there where the band borderlined on being heavy and that was one of them. The only band that I consider in my opinion to be heavy is (Led) Zeppelin. They were one of our mentors. I think the songwriting, the singing and the playing on Rocks is probably the best that we were at the time.
Rock Cellar Magazine: 1977's Draw the Line album found the band falling apart at the seams.
Joey Kramer: That album happened at a time where we were all living together in a place up in the country called the Cenacle. We had turned the Record Plant mobile studio inside out and brought it into the living room of this place. Everybody was in a different room while we were recording; Tom was in the living room, Brad was in one of the bathrooms. It used to be a nunnery and I was on the pulpit with all the pews taken out of the church.
The echo in the room was really nice and natural. So we were isolated playing down the tracks.
What really isolated us as a band at the time was we were making too much money and there was way too many drugs in our lives and we didn't have any guidance. To me, that was the main problem of this band in its entirety over the years.
There's never been any real guidance as to what direction we're going in, what to invest your money in, how to live your life. We're musicians; we're not businessmen. That's why you trust a manager or whoever it is that's in charge. But we've been screwed all the way up and down the line forever.
Rock Cellar Magazine: You've famously said your twitch is a result of your creative battles with Steven.
Joey Kramer: (laughs)
Rock Cellar Magazine: Being that Steven's a frustrated drummer and works you extra hard, has he helped make you better drummer?
Joey Kramer: Oh absolutely! Steven's a perfectionist and he and I have a very volatile relationship. We love each other very much and when we get along, we really get along and when we fight, it's just like brothers. Just like the five of us are.
He kind of put me onto a little bit of a style. When we first started 40 years ago, the problem was I had the chops that he didn't have but he had the direction and he had the knowledge of being a songwriter and what was needed for that. So he's the one that turned me onto that and I took the ball and ran with it until it got to the point where everybody said, “Okay Joey, you've got to do a drum solo now.”
I didn't want to do that. The first night that I did a drum solo was in 1976 at Pontiac Stadium in Michigan in front of 80,000 people. When I got the reaction back from the fans when I did that, that's what drove me to doing a drum solo every night for the next 30 years.
Rock Cellar Magazine: Aerosmith stood apart from other like minded hard rock bands by not drawing just from hard rock and blues but healthy doses of funk and soul. Explain how that sensibility lent a more expansive dimension to your sound.
Joey Kramer: I really appreciate you appreciating that (laughs) ‘cause not a lot of people do. I came from a rhythm and blues background. I played with some singing groups which were like a Temptations sort of set up with five guys out in front singing and I was in the backup band. Those guys used to bring me to the Apollo to see James Brown and to the Sugar Shack in Boston to see the O'Jays and the Temptations.
They used to tell me, “Sit and watch the drummer” and the drummers would accentuate the choreography that the singers were doing. And so I sued to go to rehearsals with just the singers and they showed me what it was that they wanted. Once I learned how to play like that, it was an approach where you're playing for what the song is all about as opposed what a lot of guys do, which is just play drums.
I am a street player; I have no formal teaching or learning and I picked everything up by myself. But what I do with my playing is about emotion and coming from the heart. That's pretty much how I approach everything in life but especially my playing because that's what I love the most. That's pretty much how it came to be.
Rock Cellar Magazine: Aerosmith appeared in the Sgt. Pepper film, were there moments when you were doing that film where you went, “Holy shit, what the hell are we doing here?!”
Joey Kramer: It was an okay experience. To tell you the truth, I don't have that much of a memory of it. The ‘70s are pretty vague for me. (laughs)
Rock Cellar Magazine: Do you ever see photos of yourself with a celebrity back in the ‘70s and have no recollection that you met that person?
Joey Kramer: Oh yeah. I have those pictures and they're good reminders because they keep you humble and they keep you in line.
Rock Cellar Magazine: Once you achieved success with Aerosmith, was it better, different, worse than you imagined?
Joey Kramer: That's a very interesting question. I can only sit and in retrospect look at it now and talk to you. At the time, that it as happening we were so busy and involved and wrapped up in actually doing it and being what we were that we never took any time to stand back and go, “Oh look at this, looks all our success, this is really cool.” We were just so busy in making Aerosmith as good as it could be that we never did that.
Now that I'm older, I can take a step back and look at what I'm doing. I don't ever take our success for granted anymore. I'm very grateful and I'm very thankful for my career and for the length of time that we've been able to do it, for the fans that have stuck with us and to my partners in the group.
We've been through some fucking serious shit and the fact that we're still together with the original guys in the band is really something.
Rock Cellar Magazine: Explain how that same flush for first major success became toxic and worked to destroy the band.
Joey Kramer: Yeah, that's true. I attribute that to the fact that we had no one guiding us. We did whatever the fuck we pleased. The money would come in and it would go to us and that was it.
I can remember in the early ‘70s having my own apartment and getting checks for two and three hundred thousands dollars at a time. I would ask my father, “What do I do with this money?” and he told me, “Put it in the bank.” So it got to the point where I had about two dozen savings accounts that were completely full because you couldn't put any more than forty or fifty grand in each one. There was no guidance and no one there telling us what to do. Success overwhelmed us. We didn't know what we were doing then.
All we wanted to do was play and it's no different today – only now you have families and wives and responsibilities so you have to. I learned the greatest lesson in the last two and half years since I've had my coffee company. I learned how to be a businessman from my two partners, one was an attorney and one was an executive at HP. I've learned more from them in the last two years about being a businessman than I ever have before.
But you have to do it; if you don't do it you get screwed because they're all snakes.
Rock Cellar Magazine: Once your bank account started having a few extra zeroes added to your balance statement, what's the first major thing you bought?
Joey Kramer: (laughs) Cars. I've always been a car guy since I was a kid. To this day, I love automobiles. That's the biggest weakness I have in my life which is buying cars. The first expensive car I bought was in 1974, I bought a 1971 Corvette. As chance had it, Joe happened to buy the same car so we had twin Corvettes. Then right after that, the first brand-new car I bought was a 1975 Corvette. I went into the dealership and paid cash for it. I laid out eighty one $100 bills and drove the car away.
Pages: 1 2
+ 21
Architects Urbane
Location West Java, Indonesia
Category Temple
Principal Architect M. Ridwan Kamil
Project Team Fahry Adhitya
Client PT. Belaputera Intiland
Area 8000.0 m2
Project Year 2010
Photographs Emilio Photoimagination
Text description provided by the architects. A mosque is a place of worship for Muslims—a place to kneel, stoop one's head and pray solemnly. Oftentimes, it is also used to carry out various other religious activities.
The first thing that might catch one's attention about this mosque in Kota Baru Parahyangan (KBP) is the absence of a dome, which is almost always a quintessential characteristic of mosques. However, the architects have informed that the dome is not a cultural/religious identity, hence not a necessity when it comes to designing an Islamic place of worship.
The architecture of the KBP mosque is unique in that it uses stacked stones as the main façade to create tectonic effect, while embedding Islamic text/calligraphy on the façade as a graphic element and reminder prayer.
The primary shape of the mosque takes the form of a square, which seems the most efficient since Muslims pray in straight rows facing a specific direction or the Qiblah.The structural columns are arranged in such way that the façade seems like it is not supported by any frame. This shape also alludes to Ka'bah, the most important structure in the Islamic world, to which all Muslims' prayers are directed.
The tall pole-like structure next to the square building form is called the minaret, an important element for mosque. It was used in the past for someone to call out to all Muslims to prayer on top of the minaret whenever prayer time has come. Today, the minaret still serves the same function, except loudspeakers a-- used instead. In a way, the minaret has become an icon of mosques; anyone searching for a mosque can one from afar.
With a capacity to accommodate approximately 1,000 people, the mosque is also designed to 'blend in' with nature. The stacked stones allow for natural ventilation without the need for air-conditioning. Surrounded by water, the ambient temperature around the mosque will be lower during the hot season. Once inside, the people are able to look out and appreciate the external scenery.
BOSTON — A spilled drink in a Boston nightclub led former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez to kill two people in a drive-by shooting because he felt he'd been disrespected, prosecutors said Wednesday.
“I think I got one in the head and one in the chest,” Hernandez said to a friend as they fled the intersection where the victims were shot in their car, prosecutors said at the former gridiron star's arraignment.
Hernandez, already charged with killing another man last year, pleaded not guilty Wednesday to seven charges — including two counts of first-degree murder — in the 2012 shooting that killed Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado. A third man was wounded.
In the months before the killings, Suffolk County First Assistant District Attorney Patrick Haggan told the court Hernandez had become increasingly convinced that people “had been testing, trying or otherwise disrespecting him when he frequented nightclubs in the area.”
The night de Abreu and Furtado were killed, Haggan said Hernandez and a friend drove from Connecticut to a Boston nightclub called Cure. They were standing at the edge of the dance floor when de Abreu accidentally bumped into Hernandez, smiled at him and did not apologize, according to prosecutors. Haggan said de Abreu and his friends did not appear to recognize Hernandez and had no idea he was upset.
Hernandez became increasingly agitated and told his friend that de Abreu had deliberately bumped into him and “was trying him,” Haggan said.
Surveillance video outside the club shows Hernandez pacing back and forth on the sidewalk as his friend tried to calm him down, Haggan said. Hernandez and his friend then crossed the street to another nightclub, where Hernandez thought he saw de Abreu and his friends come in, according to Haggan.
Hernandez then told his friend he believed he was “being targeted and being disrespected,” Haggan said. In fact, de Abreu and his friends had not left the other club.
Haggan said Hernandez later drove around with his friend until he saw de Abreu, Furtado and others going to their car, then followed them and pulled up alongside their car at a red light.
“At this time, the victims were completely unaware there was any problem with the defendant,” Haggan said.
Hernandez leaned out the driver's side, said “Yo, what's up now,” followed by a racial slur, then fired at least five shots into the car, killing de Abreu and Furtado, and injuring a man sitting in the back seat, Haggan said.
Hernandez's attorney, Charles Rankin, objected, saying the prosecutor's account of the shooting was an attempt to poison the jury pool. Clerk Magistrate Gary Wilson dismissed the objection, saying it is standard procedure for prosecutors to describe evidence during arraignments in murder cases.
Family members of the victims filled four rows in the courtroom. One woman sobbed loudly as Hernandez entered his not guilty pleas.
De Abreu and Furtado were close friends who attended school and served in the military together in Cape Verde before coming to the United States, according to the attorney who represents their families in a $6 million civil suit against Hernandez.
The two men were shot about six weeks before Hernandez signed a five-year, $40 million contract with the Patriots. He went on to catch 51 passes and score five touchdowns that season, his last in the NFL.
Hernandez, 24, was released by the Patriots last summer after he was charged in the June 17 killing of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd, who was dating a sister of Hernandez's fiancee. Lloyd's body was found in an industrial area near Hernandez's home in North Attleborough.
Hernandez's lawyers have said he is looking forward to proving his innocence.
Suffolk District Attorney Daniel Conley would not comment when reporters asked if Lloyd's killing was linked to the earlier killings of de Abreu and Furtado. He said Lloyd was not the friend who was with Hernandez the night the two men were killed.
Hernandez will continue to be held without bail. He is due back in court June 24 for a scheduling hearing.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Most of you might already have heard of pseudo classes in CSS, might as well about the :not() negation pseudo class as well. It does what it sounds like it does, selects an element, which is not represented by it's argument. It's important to notice that it can only take a simple selector.
Keep in mind, that there might be better and shorter solutions to most of these examples below. This is a demonstration of possibilities, far from the optimal solutions.
A simple CSS example
Let's have 5 paragraphs, each one marked with a class .first, .second, etc…
<p class='first dude'>First Paragraph<p> <p class='second wheres'>Second Paragraph</p> <p class='third my'>Third Paragraph</p> <p class='fourth car'>Fourth Paragraph</p> <p class='fifth huh'>Fifth Paragraph</p>
To select any paragraph besides the first, we can construct the following rule:
[css] p:not(.first) {/* Do what you gotta do here */[/css]
Here, let us color every paragraph red, that is not the .first:
See the Pen rlbKh by Ernest Marcinko (@wpdreams) on CodePen.
Combining selectors within :not() in CSS
Now let's try to select everything besides the first and the fourth paragraph. As someone trained in jQuery, I would do the following:
[css] p:not(.first, .fourth) {/* Nah, this is not going to work.. */[/css]
Yet, this is not going to work, as it was stated before, the :not() pseudo selector only accepts a simple selector. However there is a very simple workaround:
[css] /* Select paragraphs which has not the classes first or fourth */p:not(.first):not(.fourth) {/* Hell yea! */[/css]
Let us test this:
See the Pen HCbtv by Ernest Marcinko (@wpdreams) on CodePen.
Pseudo in pseudo?
Yes. It is possible to use pseudo class selectors except the :not() selector itself.
[css] /* Selects everything except the 3rd and the last item */p:not(:nth-child(3)):not(:first-child) {color: red;[/css]
demonstrated:
See the Pen EgfDc by Ernest Marcinko (@wpdreams) on CodePen.
jQuery and :not()
The fundamental differences between how jQuery and CSS3 handles the :not() selectors are:
Use of comma separated selector list: [javascript]$(‘p:not(.first, .second)')[/javascript]
Use of compound selectors: [javascript]$(‘p:not(.first.second.third)')[/javascript]
Use of combinators: [javascript]$(‘p:not(p+p)')[/javascript]
Thus jQuery gives you more freedom in terms of selecting elements using the :not() pseudo class, but it can become very confusing at the same time. The examples below will work with jQuery but won't work in CSS.
See the Pen txnlv by Ernest Marcinko (@wpdreams) on CodePen.
If you take a closer look at the examples above, you will notice that the logic is unnecessary complex.
I suggest to stick with the regular CSS usage of the :not() pseudo class. I believe there are only a very few cases where one can't avoid the usage of it. jQuery gives the comfort to use more complex selections with the :not() pseudo class, yet it's overuse might indicate a call for re-factoring your application – at least that's my experience.
Hideaki Akaiwa (born c. 1968 in Ishinomaki, Miyagi prefecture, Japan) is recognized as a hero for his actions in the aftermath of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
Akaiwa was at work when the tsunami struck at 2:46 p.m. on March 11, and rushed home to find his neighborhood flooded with up to 10 feet of water.[1] Akaiwa retrieved a wetsuit, waded his way through the debris and underwater hazards, and reached his house, from which he rescued his wife of two decades on March 12, the following day.[2]
With his mother still unaccounted for, Akaiwa repeatedly searched for her at City Hall and nearby evacuation centers. He waded through neck-deep water, searching the neighborhood where she had last been seen. Finally, on March 15, he found her on the second floor of a flooded house where she had been waiting for help for four days.
After rescuing his wife and mother he continued to look for more survivors a week after the massive earthquake and tsunami hit Ishinomaki, for which he was a subject of international press attention[1][2][3] and was profiled at the popular website "Badass of the Week" on March 18, 2011.[4]
References [ edit ]
(Washington Post illustration; iStock)
The people who are paid to watch America's children tend to live in poverty. Nearly half receive some kind of government assistance: food stamps, welfare money, Medicaid. Their median hourly wage is $9.77 — about $3 below the average janitor's.
In a new report, researchers at the University of California at Berkeley warn that child care is too vital to the country's future to offer such meager wages. Those tasked with supporting kids, they explain, are shaping much of tomorrow's workforce.
“Economic insecurity, linked to low wages, remains endemic among those who care for and educate young children from birth to elementary school,” the authors wrote. “This condition has endured despite a much-altered landscape in which developmental scientists, economists, and business and labor leaders have widely recognized the importance of early care and education in shaping children's development, promoting the health of families, and building a strong economy.”
In the United States, roughly 2 million adults make a living by caring for and educating more than 12 million children, infants to 5-year-olds. Last year, 46 percent of child-care workers were part of families enrolled in at least one public safety net program, compared with 26 percent of those in the broader workforce. Low pay contributes to a revolving door of staffers. The average annual turnover rate among early childhood education staffers, for example, hovers around 30 percent.
[The states where parents spend the most on child care]
Wages remain paltry even among the college-educated workforce. Early childhood education is the college major that yields the lowest lifetime pay.
Marcy Whitebook, director of Berkeley's Center for the Study of Child Care Employment, who co-wrote the report, said these economic conditions aren't ideal for toddlers who require both environmental stability and the constant attention of their caregivers. Plus, highly skilled workers might turn down a day-care job for brighter financial opportunities elsewhere.
The National Institute of Child Health and Human Development labels the majority of America's day-care programs “fair” or “poor.” Just 10 percent, the organization said, offer high-quality care.
“We're entrusting children to people who are really struggling to feed their own families,” Whitebook said. “They're managing all this stress, which is distracting to all the important work they have to do.”
Not that financial stress always translates to poor workplace performance. But study after study has found that anxiety about money can cloud thoughts, thwart concentration and zap energy.
The danger can be more subtle than, say, failing to remove a choking hazard from a playroom. If a distracted worker doesn't interact with a baby for an hour or two, it's unlikely that time alone will damage the child's health. Repeated periods of no contact, however, could have adverse effects in the long term.
Neuroscientists say the foundation of our attention span, memory and impulse control is largely laid before age 3. Jack Shonkoff, director of Harvard University's Center on the Developing Child, wrote in a 2000 study that early interactions build the way we come to think and react. If babies' environment is volatile or “unresponsive” — meaning no one is touching or talking to them for long periods — stress hormones surge, disrupting the mental growth process. They're more likely to experience anxiety or depression as an adult. They're less likely to stay in school or out of jail.
“Children in settings with high turnover,” Whitebook said, “you see the impact on them, in terms of language and social development.”
The economics of child care in the United States remain broken, she said. Parents are spending mortgage-like sums to get their toddler a spot at a local day care, even if its quality is unclear. Providers aren't profiting much, thanks largely to regulations that exist to keep kids safe.
The report's recommendation: States should pour more money into child care, since the market alone isn't boosting worker wages. Public money for centers, for example, can give owners the power to raise pay, attracting more skilled and less distracted employees.
More on Wonkblog:
The $90 billion question: Do we need government-supplied daycare?
The staggering cost of day care when you make only the minimum wage
The enormous ambition of Hillary Clinton's child-care plan
The Fundraiser of January 21 was a great sucess. Thank you to everyone who attended. Thank you for opening your hearts and wallets and helping us raise so much money. (read more)
Remember, if you missed the Fundraiser, you may still help Save Legare Farms by making a donation one of the three ways listed below.
Donate to Save Legare Farms.
SLF has an account at Wells Fargo Bank.
Checks can be mailed to 2620 Hanscombe Pt. Rd. Johns Island, SC 29455
Update: Although the lawsuit has been settled, Legare Farms still faces an uncertain future. (read more)
After nearly 300 years of farming Legare Farms on JohnsIsland may be in peril. Not for the reasons you might think, not because of a crop loss, or an unexpected disease of the farm's livestock or bad weather but because city people want to live in the country. It sounds idealistic in concept but sometimes country ways and city people just don't mix.
Thomas Legare Jr, Helen Legare-Floyd and Linda Legare Berry are the ninth generation of Legares to farm on Johns Island; the Legares started farming there in 1725. The property in question came to the Legare family in the 1830's from Thomas Hanscombe. Thomas Hanscombe gave the property for the Johns Island Presbyterian Church which was built in 1719. In the early 1980's the Legare siblings' great Aunt gifted her portion of the farm to their father Thomas Legare Sr. with the exception of 4 one acre lots that she gifted to her other nephews and niece. She believed all family members should own a piece of their heritage even though Thomas Sr. was the only one farming. Three of these lots have now been sold out of the family and here in lies the problem. The Legare property is a peninsular with water on 3 sides and the lots are at the very tip of the peninsular making it necessary for the lot owners to cross not only the Legare's farm but also the Jenkins family's farm to reach their property.
Billy and Beth Hughes purchased one of the water front lots with a house from Bill Thames in May of 2005. Everything seemed great for 4 and ½ years. The Hughes and Legares were friendly, attending parties at each others homes and the children played together. Dr. Beth Hughes was so well liked by the Legares that each of them made her their family doctor as well as their mother's who was suffering with Alzheimers. In the fall of 2009 the Legares were notified by a letter from Dr. Hughes that she could no longer be their doctor. When they inquired why, Dr. Hughes stated that she had been advised to terminate them as patients because of the lawsuit. (Dr. Hughes' practice is owned by Roper/StFrancis hospitals). A lawsuit was news to the Legare family; they had had no complaints or crosswords with the Hughes and were surprised to learn there was a problem.
The lawsuit has 2 basic points although there are many points to the lawsuit. The first being the definition of R/W. The Hughes lawyer translates the R/W on the Hughes plat to mean RoadWay however in all legal documents including CharlestonCounty's R/W means Right of Way. A Right of Way gives the Hughes the right to cross the Legares' property to reach their property. It does not require the Legares to provide a RoadWay must less a well maintained roadway as the lawsuit is requesting. Unimproved dirt roads are part of living in the country. If you are going to live in the country be prepared to maintain your own dirt road at your own expense say the Legares.
The second part of the lawsuit pertains directly to the Legares farming operation. The Legares raise beef cattle as well as other livestock. There have been beef cattle on their property since the 1830's and a livestock gate at the entrance to the property. The gate and the cattle were there in 2005 when the Hughes purchased their property. Nothing changed between 2005 and 2009 when the lawsuit was filed. Now according to the Hughes attorney Joe Qualey, Dr. Hughes is afraid to get out of her car at night to open and shut the gate when passing through the Legares' property. Mr. Qualey states that it is dangerous for Dr. Hughes to drive down this isolated road at night with cows. It makes you wonder why the Hughes didn't consider this before purchasing the property or better yet why it wasn't a problem for over 4 years before the lawsuit was filed. The lawsuit asks for the Legares to remove the livestock gate from their property and fence both sides of the roadway to keep the cows out of the road. The road is over a mile long and cuts the 300 acre farm in half. It would require over 10,000 feet of fence at a cost of at the very least $50,000. The Legares say there is no way they could afford to do this. The farming operation affords the 3 siblings a wonderful way of life but very little monetarily. The farm is just scraping by as it is. The Legares say that if they were to lose any part of the lawsuit that the farm would have to be sold.
So here is where a simple lawsuit affects all of us not just the Legares and the Hughes but each of us. This is not the only lawsuit being filed in the United States by city folks moving to the country. It was so much of a concern that the SC General Assembly passed a right to farm act in 2006. We all must be concerned over the outcome of this lawsuit and all the others against farmers unless we are willing to eat food grown in India, Vietnam, or Mexico. If we allow these lawsuits to bankrupt our local farmers then we will have no choice but to eat foreign food. It's not about wealthy doctors who want to live on the water but about the future of American agriculture. Is this what we want for the future of our local agriculture as well as American agriculture?
While many might wonder if Blizzard's upcoming codenamed "Titan" MMO will be able to run parallel with World of Warcraft without taking the latter game's audience, Blizzard cofounder and EVP of product development Frank Pearce told Gamasutra he has set his sights on the near-term.
Asked if Titan might cannibalize WoW's players, Pearce replied, "It's hard to say. I think even a shorter-term concern is whether or not we might see cannibalization of WoW players from Diablo III when we launch it, because it's a similar type of experience. Not exactly similar, but it's that RPG feel."
"For us, I think it's really important that we recognize that somewhere, sometime it's likely that someone is going to cannibalize World of Warcraft players," said Pearce.
"So it's better we cannibalize them ourselves than let someone else do that, because if we cannibalize them ourselves, they're still a Blizzard customer," he said. Diablo III currently has no announced release date.
Even with stiff competition and the dominant WoW looming over the MMO market, Pearce also argued against the idea that there's no more room for other companies to see big success in the sector.
"Whether it's a Blizzard game or another great MMO, I think there's plenty of space in the market for great MMOs to share customers," Pearce added.
"We have players that burn through content in weeks or months that takes us two years to create. There are so many people looking to play these experiences so passionately, so many hours a week, I think there's plenty of space for the industry to grow."
Pearce said he remembers when The Sims began to take off about a decade ago, and after its success, people thought that market was saturated. But over a decade later, The Sims has been a regular top 10-selling PC game. His point was that few developers tried to capitalize on the popularity of the genre because they were intimated by the success of one franchise.
"If people are looking at something like that and saying there's no space, then I don't know what to say," said a shrugging Pearce. "If you make a great game experience that's really awesome, there's always more room in that market."
"Deliberate" Talent Transfer To Project "Titan"
As Blizzard transferred its most veteran WoW developers to the new project Titan, other experienced WoW developers at the studio have taken the reins of the MMORPG over the last couple of years.
That hand-off hasn't been taken lightly by Blizzard. "It's been a very deliberate process," said Pearce. "Whether someone's leaving for another team or moving onto other opportunities outside of Blizzard, it's important for us to have a solid succession plan in place."
A solid succession plan is not only used for transferring team members to new projects, but also to make sure employees don't get burnt out on a single Blizzard game, said Pearce.
"World of Warcraft has been in development in some shape or form dating back to 1999, 2000, somewhere around there," he explained. "That's more than 10 years, and as cool as it is to be working on World of Warcraft, and as great as I think that would be for anyone to have an opportunity to contribute to something as successful as that, to do it for 10 years is potentially asking too much of someone."
"So we need to be very conscious of the fact that at some point, people that have been on the project for a long time are going to need a change of scenery, to do something new and fresh," Pearce continued. "And so we're very conscious of succession planning and making sure we have mechanisms in place for knowledge transfer to make sure that when someone moves on, someone else will be there to fill those shoes."
Pearce said long periods of time working on a game can have varying amounts of fatigue on workers at Blizzard. He said many of the people working on WoW still have a passion for playing the game, and that passion transfers over to their work for the title. On the other hand, if developers are losing interest in playing the MMORPG, fatigue shows up in their work life.
"If we can keep people on the team that are really enthusiastic about playing the game, that energizes the other people around them that maybe aren't necessarily playing the game," said Pearce.
WASHINGTON -- As governor of Texas, Rick Perry has pursued a controversial agenda that would gut Texas' vaunted public university system in favor of something that more closely resembles a business.
As the Washington Post reported on Thursday, professors have been ranked according to how profitable they were to the university. Previous reports suggested Perry wanted to treat students as "customers" and tie teacher bonuses to anonymous student evaluations.
One reason that might explain his hostility toward the system: He didn't do very well in it. A source in Texas passed The Huffington Post Perry's transcripts from his years at Texas A&M University. The future politician did not distinguish himself much in the classroom. While he later became a student leader, he had to get out of academic probation to do so. He rarely earned anything above a C in his courses -- earning a C in U.S. History, a D in Shakespeare, and a D in the principles of economics. Perry got a C in gym.
Perry also did poorly on classes within his animal science major. In fall semester 1970, he received a D in veterinary anatomy, a F in a second course on organic chemistry and a C in animal breeding. He did get an A in world military systems and “Improv. of Learning” -- his only two As while at A&M.
"A&M wasn't exactly Harvard on the Brazos River," recalled a Perry classmate in an interview with The Huffington Post. "This was not the brightest guy around. We always kind of laughed. He was always kind of a joke."
A spokesperson for the governor recently told the Texas Tribune that the university "helped shape who he is today." The governor's office did not return a request for comment from The Huffington Post.
On the Peanut Punch:How did you come up with your method of knocking the ball out?
“Just thinking outside the box. I don't like to think of myself as a big guy. I don't possess that hard hitting capability like Luke [Kuechly] or Thomas Davis or some of those guys. I'm not really good at separating the man from the ball, so I figure why not punch it out? I just try to do something different and unconventional.”
Is it a five-finger punch, full fist?
“I don't know how many fights you've been in. I don't know how many people punch like this (holding out three fingers). You can't punch with a finger. It's not good if you've been in any fights. You've just got to make a fist and punch it. Sometimes you get lucky, and the ball comes out.”
Is there always a vulnerable spot on the ball?
“Yeah, I don't believe in the pressure points. I feel like that's a bunch of BS, I feel like I can get it out every time. That's my mindset, I don't care if you have two hands, one hand [on the ball], I'm going to get it out. It might not come out all the time, but I think like that.”
Have you missed and punched an arm or other body parts?
“Yeah, I've punched arms. I've punched helmets when guys get real low, and they try to cover up the ball. It's all a part of the process. It's like a boxer, where they might throw 700 punches and only land 400 of them. I know the more punches I throw, the more likely the ball will come out.”
How many teammates have started to use it?
“I think a lot of them are. Our DBs and linebackers are starting to strip the ball more. I think it's carrying on. It's not me; it's them doing it. I just tried it once, and they saw it and said ‘Wow, it's that easy', and then they tried it and they're getting it out, too.”
On Luke Kuechly compared to Brian Urlacher?
“The same, if not better. Brian obviously was really great in his prime. Father Time catches up to us all. Right now, Luke is very young and very active, very explosive, very fast; he's got a lot of power and speed. He reminds me a lot of Brian back in the '03-'06 era.”
On the Panthers' defense:
“The secondary and the front four are a marriage, a husband and wife. We go hand-in-hand. If my front four is terrible, then I have to cover longer, and the quarterback has more time to throw the ball or has more time to sit in that pocket. On the back end, if the DBs are terrible, it's not giving our line enough time to get to the quarterback. The better the front four, the better the back four. We go hand-in-hand like a marriage. Sometimes when we cover longer, we give them a little more time to get to that quarterback and get that sack. Sometimes when I make a mistake, and I need our D-line to get pressure or get that sack, they get it.”
On gelling with new team:
“TD gave me a hand signal and I had absolutely no clue what it was. He went like this (waves hands like two guns being fired), and I looked at him like it was a foreign language. I was like, ‘What the hell is this?' Why are you shooting me, bang, bang.?' Then afterward we talked, and he was like ‘I'm going to give you this signal', and I was like all right. It's training camp; that is what this time is for … Once the season gets here, and someone does this (gun shot signal) then I know exactly what he's doing, what we're doing together.”
On his constant coaching of teammates:
“I don't want to be here if I'm keeping secrets. We're not here, and I'm not here just to try to better myself. I'm here to try to help better this team … If me giving this guy a tip can help him make us better in a game, well hey, I did my part, and he did his part for listening. That made us better. It made our team better.”
[vc_raw_html]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[/vc_raw_html]
Eurogamer has news that THQ's MMO project, Warhammer 40,000: Dark Millennium Online, has been refocused as a single-player and multi-player online game. The game had previously been rumoured to be cancelled. THQ boss Brian Ferrell said: “Based on changing market dynamics and the additional investment required to complete the game as an MMO, we believe the right direction for us is to shift the title from an MMO to a premium experience with single and multiplayer gameplay, robust digital content and community features.” Around 120 people across the Relic and Vigil studios have been laid off as a result of the change, which is depressing news. Hopefully we'll firm up exactly what sort of game we're left soon. A 40k RPG with online bits? Could be… And that would be okay by me.
Q. This introduces the accounting rules for Bitcointalk public companies
Such accounting rules are proper and necessary, because Bitcointalk investing is fundamentally and structurally different from investing.
Since no revenue is to be expected, we consider most accounting standards to be useless. Some unique properties, which will follow, make them inappropriate anyway.
This accounting scheme is intended to be:
Unclear Convoluted Ambiguous
W. The accounting system
1. The accounting period has to be creative. Reports can be announced any time and should not be released at said times. Failing that will show that the CEO is not busy enough with things.
2. The statement should include the perspective of the CEO on at least one unrelated matter.
3. The statement can include numbers; either totals or expenses, however they should not include both. A mention that some numbers might be outdated should always be present.
4. Ideally, the statement should not be in a standard format, especially not tabular. To achieve that goal, it could be told as a story. The CEO is encouraged to mention a personal matter; for example mention a visit to the vet for the family dog.
The assets account plan may consist of accounts:
One account type may be the proceedings of the multiple IPO s. It is however dangerous as shareholders might expect funds that were not used to be returned.
A more common account type is losses due to external but unfortunate and unforeseeable events. Due to the ever changing nature of Bitcoin drama, there are no guidelines, but a 2013 example would be Transaction Malleability, BitFunder, Mt.Gox or Heartbleed.
Listing expenses is discouraged as it might help the competition spy on the business plan (which was judiciously kept secret).
The liabilities account plan consists of no accounts:
Being involved with the Amazing Company is considered a privilege.
E. Using the accounting system for judging corporations.
It is considered a bad practice to use the accounting system to judge investments. Emotions, feelings, hope and current involvement with said corporation should be used instead.
R. Miscellanea
You can review an example of this system at work here.
Give them credit for a valiant effort, but the Cavaliers most definitely made a mistake when they tried to hustle the ultimate hustler in Celtics president Danny Ainge.
Under the guise of concerns over a lingering hip injury to Isaiah Thomas, the Cavs clearly tried to extort more out of the Celtics and/or see if another team would step up to the plate with an offer that put the C's in second place and stuck holding the bag.
And why wouldn't the Cavs try to do that?
For one, you would be telling your biggest rival to go screw after they just raved about the player they believed they were acquiring. Ainge's quotes definitely told the whole story of how he viewed Irving as a need for them to take that next step, and they also served as a cold dose of reality as to how he viewed I.T.'s long-term fit in Boston. A vetoed trade would have meant that the Cavs directly helped create seemingly irreparable harm to the relationship between Boston's best player from a year ago and the team, and in a contract year. That's something that the Cavs, with LeBron James expected to bolt to form a superteam somewhere else (again) in 2018, certainly know a lot about.
If the Cavs were going down in a pitiful East, they were going to do what they could to take the C's with ‘em.
But whether the Cavaliers -- led by general manager Koby Altman and team owner Dan Gilbert -- admit it or not, it's obvious that they knew that Thomas had a bum hip.
There's absolutely no way that they did not know that. The entire NBA knew that Thomas' hip was beat to hell. It was one of the biggest reasons why the Cavs made such easy work of the Celtics in the Eastern Conference Finals this past season, taking the C's down in five games, with the 28-year-old Thomas a total shell of himself in the first two, and then missing the final three because of that hip ailment. And for what it's worth, even after the trade the Celtics remain adamant that they did not hide any of the 5-foot-9 Thomas' medical information from the Cavaliers' doctors and medical staff.
But this was never about Isaiah's hip. This was always about a last-second change of heart and trader's remorse on the part of the most-definitely-declining Cavaliers.
This was really just Altman realizing that an Irving exit and banged-up Thomas meant that the Cavs would be left with the rotting corpse of Jose Calderon and The Living Season-Ending Injury known as Derrick Rose as their starting point guards, and that's probably only because Eric Snow probably found something better to do in 2017.
This was basically Altman reading a Choose-Your-Own-Adventure book, peeking ahead to what happens, and then casually deciding to reroute his path like nothing happened.
It was then that Altman thought he was sane when he asked for the Celtics to add Jaylen Brown, Jayson Tatum, or another high draft pick to the trade package. Ainge, of course, did not budge. Altman then pivoted towards radio silence, wondering if that would change Ainge's approach and force the Celtics to break. Nope.
We even hit the point where other teams were ‘lurking' in the shadows with potential offers should the Cavaliers willingly say bye to a potential No. 1 overall pick in 2018 (the Brooklyn pick that the Celtics sent as part of their four-piece package to the Cavaliers) and cancel their deal with the Celtics. Ainge, the same man that robbed the T'Wolves in 2007, and more recently the same man that has been in on every recent blockbuster but with zero connections on those potential deals, seemingly welcomed the challenge.
But nobody answered, and Ainge knew that'd be the case all along.
As believed to be the case when the deal went down, and reinforced when the window undoubtedly reopened upon the delay in making everything official, nobody could offer what the Celtics -- even with an injured Isaiah -- were offering. And even the ones that could, such as the Suns or Nuggets, didn't have the stomach needed to do it. That, above all else, is why Altman's attempted callout of the Celtics was always a mistake.
The Celtics were short on time, sure, but the Cavaliers were short on options. So when push came to shove, and when moving a player of Irving's caliber and future impact, it was going to be one -- one being the legitimate offer from the Celtics -- or nothing.
So for all that trouble, the Cavs received one extra second-round draft choice in 2020.
What a steal. That'll certainly convince LeBron, who'll be 35 then, to stay.
Sure, Ainge did give in and send a second-round draft pick to the Cavaliers. It's a 2020 Miami second-round pick only in name, if you care, and that's just because 2020 Please For The Love of God Just Go Away can't be the official title of a trade piece. And even after moving that future second-rounder, the Celtics still have Brown, Tatum, and at least six future first-round draft picks over the next three seasons still in their arsenal. The Celtics were not going to get Nets'd and let their long-term success be dictated, derailed, or taken out of their own control by an overpayment via trade.
Also… it's a second-round pick. In the last five drafts before 2017, 150 players were taken with second-round picks. 47 of them have never sniffed an NBA game (that's over 30 percent), and the lone legitimate star to come out of that group is the Warriors' Draymond Green. Second-round picks are actual lotto tickets in the NBA, even in 2017, and when you have as many future assets as the Celtics do, you can afford to lose one.
What the Celtics could not afford to do, however, was let this trade fall apart. Which is something that was clearly never going to happen on Ainge's watch.
Not even on Altman's time. Especially not on a rookie general manager's time, actually.
The Lower Mainland is in the midst of a housing crisis, exacerbated by City of Vancouver policy which forbids building more housing, and apartments in particular, on the majority of Vancouver's land. The proposed change – to allow even less floor space in new housing in much of Vancouver – is a step in the wrong direction.
We, the undersigned, write to the City of Vancouver to ask that affordability be included as a fundamental goal of the Character Home Zoning Review. Any large-scale rezoning that fails to prioritize affordability will not be consistent with the City's current needs and priorities.
Our concern is that this review does not give due consideration to the need for more housing, market and non-market, throughout Vancouver and especially in transit-rich areas near the urban core. In fact, the proposed change would effectively allow less floor space in new homes (0.5 Floor Space Ratio, down from 0.7 in most cases), and a little bit more in homes built before 1940 (0.75 FSR, up from 0.7 in most cases). This is a significant downzoning for new homes, and will limit opportunities for gentle densification as well as subdivision and reuse of those homes going forward.
The stated intent of this downzoning is to “better manage scale and neighbourhood fit”, but many of Vancouver's most cherished pre-1920 residential buildings are well above 0.5 FSR. Dense, low-rise development was common in Vancouver neighbourhoods in the early 20th century, but this proposal implies that even historical densities are inappropriate today. We disagree.
A 1905 multi-suite character home, with much more floor space than would be allowed in new homes under the proposed rezoning
While we appreciate the need for heritage preservation, we question whether an indiscriminate rezoning of more than 26,000 lots, without due regard for affordability, is the best way to retain individual homes of significant merit. We encourage the City to use more targeted approaches like its existing heritage designation power.
The time is right for a significant overhaul of our expensive, low-density RS zones, but in exactly the other direction. The proposed character regulations don't accurately reflect the reality of the past or the necessity of our future. We urge you to go back to the drawing board and come back with a policy that provides abundant housing for people of all levels of income and wealth, as well as rules to prevent the unnecessary demolition of our most cherished character homes. These two goals need not be at odds, but the current direction would accomplish one at the expense of the other.
Public signatories as of January 15:
Jens von Bergmann, Abundant Housing Vancouver
Adrian Crook, Abundant Housing Vancouver
Brendan Dawe, Abundant Housing Vancouver
Thomas Falcone, Abundant Housing Vancouver
Roman Lisagor, Abundant Housing Vancouver
Danny Oleksiuk, Abundant Housing Vancouver
Reilly Wood, Abundant Housing Vancouver
Penny Gurstein, Professor and Director, SCARP, UBC
Tom Davidoff, Sauder School of Business, UBC
Joshua Gottlieb, Vancouver School of Economics, UBC
David Hutniak, CEO, LandlordBC
Nathanael Lauster, Associate Professor of Sociology (UBC)
Bryn Davidson, Lanefab Design/Build
Mac Hartfiel, Bower Design Co.
Neal LaMontagne, City Planner, Vancouver City Planning Commissioner
Amelia Huang, Vancouver City Planning Commissioner
Tony Osborn, Architect, AIBC
Ian Robertson, MArch, ABBARCH Architecture Inc, Artitectus Design
Cameron Maltby, Intern Architect AIBC
Tom Durning
Christa MacArthur, MArch, Yes In New West
Mike Folka, Yes In New West
Jonathan Gibson, Yes In New West
Karen Sawatzky, MUrb
Joshua Prowse, Tenants' Rights Lawyer
Ken Paquette, The Kettle Society
Brad Cavanagh, Yes in New West
Siobhan Murphy, Planner, MCIP, RPP
James Bligh, Intern Architect AIBC
Charles Montgomery, The Happy City Lab
Generation Squeeze
Peter Ladner, Former City of Vancouver Councillor
Mike Soron, M.Urb
Patrick Condon, James Taylor Chair in Landscape and Liveable Environments, University of British Columbia
Khang Nguyen, Architrix Studio
The absolute threshold of hearing (ATH) is the minimum sound level of a pure tone that an average human ear with normal hearing can hear with no other sound present. The absolute threshold relates to the sound that can just be heard by the organism.[1][2] The absolute threshold is not a discrete point, and is therefore classed as the point at which a sound elicits a response a specified percentage of the time.[1] This is also known as the auditory threshold.
The threshold of hearing is generally reported as the RMS sound pressure of 20 micropascals, i.e. 0 dB SPL, corresponding to a sound intensity of 0.98 pW/m2 at 1 atmosphere and 25 °C.[3] It is approximately the quietest sound a young human with undamaged hearing can detect at 1,000 Hz.[4] The threshold of hearing is frequency-dependent and it has been shown that the ear's sensitivity is best at frequencies between 2 kHz and 5 kHz,[5] where the threshold reaches as low as −9 dB SPL.[6][7][8]
Thresholds of hearing for male (M) and female (W) subjects between the ages of 20 and 60
Psychophysical methods for measuring thresholds [ edit ]
Measurement of the absolute hearing threshold provides some basic information about our auditory system.[4] The tools used to collect such information are called psychophysical methods. Through these, the perception of a physical stimulus (sound) and our psychological response to the sound is measured.[9]
Several psychophysical methods can measure absolute threshold. These vary, but certain aspects are identical. Firstly, the test defines the stimulus and specifies the manner in which the subject should respond. The test presents the sound to the listener and manipulates the stimulus level in a predetermined pattern. The absolute threshold is defined statistically, often as an average of all obtained hearing thresholds.[4]
Some procedures use a series of trials, with each trial using the ‘single-interval “yes”/”no” paradigm'. This means that sound may be present or absent in the single interval, and the listener has to say whether he thought the stimulus was there. When the interval does not contain a stimulus, it is called a "catch trial".[4]
Classical methods [ edit ]
Classical methods date back to the 19th century and were first described by Gustav Theodor Fechner in his work Elements of Psychophysics.[9] Three methods are traditionally used for testing a subject's perception of a stimulus: the method of limits, the method of constant stimuli, and the method of adjustment.[4]
Method of limits In the method of limits, the tester controls the level of the stimuli. Single-interval yes/no paradigm' is used, but there are no catch trials.
The trial uses several series of descending and ascending runs.
The trial starts with the descending run, where a stimulus is presented at a level well above the expected threshold. When the subject responds correctly to the stimulus, the level of intensity of the sound is decreased by a specific amount and presented again. The same pattern is repeated until the subject stops responding to the stimuli, at which point the descending run is finished.
In the ascending run, which comes after, the stimulus is first presented well below the threshold and then gradually increased in two decibels (dB) steps until the subject responds. Series of descending and ascending runs in Method of Limits
The subject's absolute hearing threshold is calculated as the mean of all obtained thresholds in both ascending and descending runs.
There are several issues related to the method of limits. First is anticipation, which is caused by the subject's awareness that the turn-points determine a change in response. Anticipation produces better ascending thresholds and worse descending thresholds.
Habituation creates completely opposite effect, and occurs when the subject becomes accustomed to responding either “yes” in the descending runs and/or “no” in the ascending runs. For this reason, thresholds are raised in ascending runs and improved in descending runs.
Another problem may be related to step size. Too large a step compromises accuracy of the measurement as the actual threshold may be just between two stimulus levels.
Finally, since the tone is always present, “yes” is always the correct answer.[4]
Method of constant stimuli In the method of constant stimuli, the tester sets the level of stimuli and presents them at completely random order. Subject responding “yes”/”no” after each presentation
Thus, there are no ascending or descending trials.
The subject responds “yes”/”no” after each presentation.
The stimuli are presented many times at each level and the threshold is defined as the stimulus level at which the subject scored 50% correct. “Catch” trials may be included in this method.
Method of constant stimuli has several advantages over the method of limits. Firstly, the random order of stimuli means that the correct answer cannot be predicted by the listener. Secondarily, as the tone may be absent (catch trial), “yes” is not always the correct answer. Finally, catch trials help to detect the amount of a listener's guessing. The main disadvantage lies in the large number of trials needed to obtain the data, and therefore time required to complete the test.[4]
Method of adjustment Method of adjustment shares some features with the method of limits, but differs in others. There are descending and ascending runs and the listener knows that the stimulus is always present. The subject reduces or increase the level of the tone
However, unlike in the method of limits, here the stimulus is controlled by the listener. The subject reduces the level of the tone until it cannot be detected anymore, or increases until it can be heard again.
The stimulus level is varied continuously via a dial and the stimulus level is measured by the tester at the end. The threshold is the mean of the just audible and just inaudible levels.
Also this method can produce several biases. To avoid giving cues about the actual stimulus level, the dial must be unlabeled. Apart from already mentioned anticipation and habituation, stimulus persistence (preservation) could influence the result from the method of adjustment.
In the descending runs, the subject may continue to reduce the level of the sound as if the sound was still audible, even though the stimulus is already well below the actual hearing threshold.
In contrast, in the ascending runs, the subject may have persistence of the absence of the stimulus until the hearing threshold is passed by certain amount.[10]
Modified classical methods [ edit ]
Forced-choice methods [ edit ]
Two intervals are presented to a listener, one with a tone and one without a tone. Listener must decide which interval had the tone in it. The number of the intervals can be increased, but this may cause problems to the listener who has to remember which interval contained the tone.[4][11]
Adaptive methods [ edit ]
Unlike the classical methods, where the pattern for changing the stimuli is preset, in adaptive methods the subject's response to the previous stimuli determines the level at which a subsequent stimulus is presented.[12]
Staircase' methods (up-down methods) [ edit ]
Series of descending and ascending trials runs and turning points
The simple ‘1-down-1-up' method consists of series of descending and ascending trials runs and turning points (reversals). The stimulus level is increased if the subject does not respond and decreased when a response occurs.
Similarly, as in the method of limits, the stimuli are adjusted in predetermined steps. After obtaining from six to eight reversals, the first one is discarded and the threshold is defined as the average of the midpoints of the remaining runs. Experiments showed that this method provides only 50% accuracy.[12] To produce more accurate results, this simple method can be further modified by increasing the size of steps in the descending runs, e.g. ‘2-down-1-up method', ‘3-down-1-up methods'.[4]
Bekesy's tracking method [ edit ]
Bekesy's method contains some aspects of classical methods and staircase methods. The level of the stimulus is automatically varied at a fixed rate. The subject is asked to press a button when the stimulus is detectable.
The threshold being tracked by the listener
Once the button is pressed, the level is automatically decreased by the motor-driven attenuator and increased when the button is not pushed. The threshold is thus tracked by the listeners, and calculated as the mean of the midpoints of the runs as recorded by the automat.[4]
Hysteresis effect [ edit ]
Hysteresis can be defined roughly as ‘the lagging of an effect behind its cause'. When measuring hearing thresholds it is always easier for the subject to follow a tone that is audible and decreasing in amplitude than to detect a tone that was previously inaudible.
This is because ‘top-down' influences mean that the subject expects to hear the sound and is, therefore, more motivated with higher levels of concentration.
The ‘bottom-up' theory explains that unwanted external (from the environment) and internal (e.g., heartbeat) noise results in the subject only responding to the sound if the signal to noise ratio is above a certain point.
In practice this means that when measuring threshold with sounds decreasing in amplitude, the point at which the sound becomes inaudible is always lower than the point at which it returns to audibility. This phenomenon is known as the ‘hysteresis effect'.
Descending runs give better hearing thresholds than ascending runs
Psychometric function of absolute hearing threshold [ edit ]
Psychometric function ‘represents the probability of a certain listener's response as a function of the magnitude of the particular sound characteristic being studied'.[13]
To give an example, this could be the probability curve of the subject detecting a sound being presented as a function of the sound level. When the stimulus is presented to the listener one would expect that the sound would either be audible or inaudible, resulting in a 'doorstep' function. In reality a grey area exists where the listener is uncertain as to whether they have actually heard the sound or not, so their responses are inconsistent, resulting in a psychometric function.
The psychometric function is a sigmoid function characterised by being ‘s' shaped in its graphical representation.
Minimal audible field (MAF) vs minimal audible pressure (MAP) [ edit ]
Two methods can be used to measure the minimal audible stimulus[2] and therefore the absolute threshold of hearing. Minimal audible field involves the subject sitting in a sound field and stimulus being presented via a loudspeaker.[2][14] The sound level is then measured at the position of the subjects head with the subject not in the sound field.[2] Minimal audible pressure involves presenting stimuli via headphones[2] or earphones[1][14] and measuring sound pressure in the subject's ear canal using a very small probe microphone.[2] The two different methods produce different thresholds[1][2] and minimal audible field thresholds are often 6 to 10 dB better than minimal audible pressure thresholds.[2] It is thought that this difference is due to:
monaural vs binaural hearing. With minimal audible field both ears are able to detect the stimuli but with minimal audible pressure only one ear is able to detect the stimuli. Binaural hearing is more sensitive than monaural hearing/ [1]
physiological noises heard when ear is occluded by an earphone during minimal audible pressure measurements.[2] When the ear is covered the subject hears body noises, such as heart beat, and these may have a masking effect.
Minimal audible field and minimal audible pressure are important when considering calibration issues and they also illustrate that the human hearing is most sensitive in the 2–5 kHz range.[2]
Temporal summation [ edit ]
Temporal summation is the relationship between stimulus duration and intensity when the presentation time is less than 1 second. Auditory sensitivity changes when the duration of a sound becomes less than 1 second. The threshold intensity decreases by about 10 dB when the duration of a tone burst is increased from 20 to 200 ms.
For example, suppose that the quietest sound a subject can hear is 16 dB SPL if the sound is presented at a duration of 200 ms. If the same sound is then presented for a duration of only 20 ms, the quietest sound that can now be heard by the subject goes up to 26 dB SPL. In other words, if a signal is shortened by a factor of 10 then the level of that signal must be increased by as much as 10 dB to be heard by the subject.
The ear operates as an energy detector that samples the amount of energy present within a certain time frame. A certain amount of energy is needed within a time frame to reach the threshold. This can be done by using a higher intensity for less time or by using a lower intensity for more time. Sensitivity to sound improves as the signal duration increases up to about 200 to 300 ms, after that the threshold remains constant.[2]
The timpani of the ear operates more as a sound pressure sensor. Also a microphone works the same way and is not sensitive to sound intensity.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
b_unnies Profile Blog Joined March 2006 3579 Posts #1
Banner by disciple.
In the Korean scene, there are more high level players than the ones you see in GSL. However, we don't often hear about these players due to language barriers. GSL is the premier StarCraft 2 tournament, yet at the end of the day it is only but one tournament in StarCraft 2,
Korean players have been invited to participate in various tournaments with the prize pool ranging from hundreds to thousands. Yet these Koreans are the ones who have set a mark upon GSL and GSTL. We rarely see less prominent players getting featured in the foreigner scene. I aim to change that.
is a grandmaster Zerg that is currently in Team MVP, one of the newer Korean teams. Known for his multitasking, he is one of the up and coming Zergs in Korea and can be considered one of the team's aces. His most notable achievements was when he was the first player to reach 4000 ladder points.
Q. Tell us a bit about yourself and your gaming history in Starcraft 2 so far.
I'm (SooHo, Park) and currently I'm in MVP team. I'm 21 years old and from Busan, Korea. My most notable achievement so far has been when I was the first to score 4000 points in ladder.
Q. How did you get into team MVP?
I got into MVP team by getting scouted by the manager (Yoon Sang, Choi). I first met with him during the March GSL qualifiers and while chatting with the manager, he asked me if I wanted to join and gave me some time to decide. After a week I decided to join MVP along with since the manager promised me good "treatment" and since the team was newly created, I thought I could be the team's ace.
Q. What do you think about life in team MVP?
I feel as if life in the team is a school trip since there are a lot of players around my age, like . I don't go out much everyday, mostly for snacks. Even during weekends I don't go out much since the team house is in Incheon and my home is back in Busan at the bottom of the peninsula. Plus, it takes a couple hours drive to go back to my home. I pretty much spend most of my time practicing.
Q. What's the practice schedule like for you in team MVP?
During the GSL season, the team is focused only on the GSL participants, whereas those who aren't participating work their ass off in ladder. When the GSL season is over, we play 2-4 games against each of my teammates.
Q. It seems like you and Genius are great friends. What is your history with him and do you have a rivalry together?
Back in Brood war, a hyung (older "brother") introduced me to since we were both the same age and played the same race (Terran). We shared tons of builds, strategies, and replays together. I didn't have a rivalry with him in Brood War since we were both players far from becoming pros in BW.
In SC2 beta, I played Protoss. However I found out that was a famous Protoss user and I developed a "rivalry sense". I found it "dirty" to play as a Protoss because genius was also a Protoss so I switched to Zerg.
Q. You mentioned you were far from becoming pros in BW. What do you think is the biggest difference between being a SC1 and SC2 progamer.
It's too difficult and challenging to become a pro in BW because all the teams are run by big companies so it's more closed. In SC2, because the ladder system shows rankings it promotes people to challenge themselves more and makes it a bit easier to become well known.
Q. Since you used to be a Protoss, why did you decide to switch to Zerg?
Because of BW, my APM was pretty fast so I was able to multitask a lot. I felt that Terran didn't need much multitasking but Zerg needed a lot of multitasking like larva injection, creep spreading, and constant expansions. Therefore I felt my playstyle was more suited to playing Zerg
Q. You weren't able to qualify in GSL Code A. What happened?
Zerg is too weak when it comes to defending timing attacks and all-ins especially proxy 2gates. In the GSL qualifiers vs , I won the first game after defending a cannon rush and a 4gate. In the second game I lost to a 15 nexus 7gate all-in build, and in the 3rd game I went for a push but lost.
Q. Many Zergs complain about the forcefields and Colossus in ZvP. Why do you think Zerg doesn't use Ultralisks to break Force Fields more?
I don't really complain about Force Fields and Colossus as I find ways to try and get out of those situations but I still hate it when I make the wrong decision and it costs me the game.
It's not easy to get ultras since I have to fight off Stalkers and Colossus.Ultralisks are really high up in the tech tree and before then, Protoss can still use Force Fields many times. However, I think Broodlords are better than Ultras as it's much easier to win the game with 10 Broodlords than 10 Ultras. Even getting 2-3 Ultras is really hard.
Q. Many Zergs have been experimenting with Infestors. How important do you think they are in ZvT?
After the patch, in a mid-long game It's compulsory to get Infestors. The longer the game goes, Infestors become much more important than Banelings especially in a management game. Late game Terran would have a lot of mech units which makes its hard for the Zerg to attack the marines so Zergs needs Infestor for another AOE option besides Banelings. Infestors is also getting important in lategame ZvP as well.
Q. Hydralisks are starting to see lesser use in ZvsP, in ZvZ zergs have tried to use Hydralisks, do you think that a Roach + Infestor army is still better?
Hydralisks are useless and eat up money. It's only useful if the opponent goes Mutas, Voids, or Phoenix. Before the Infestor patch, I used to use a lot of Hydras but after the buff, it's better to use Roach + Infestors for DPS. Even before the patch, I used very little Hydras in ZvsP since Roach and Hydras are shit together.
Q. This year GSL has been making more maps, what do you think about the GSL and ladder maps?
GSL maps are quite fun especially since maps don't have close spawn positions. However thinking about ladder maps makes me go "shit" and "fuck". They're the reason why Terran are taking over ladder. The map I hate most is Crossfire since the rush distance is too close. Protoss and Terran get too much advantage when they have map control. I also don't like Delta Quadrant. There's nothing to say about that map, it just sucks.
Q. How much do you know about Teamliquid.net and the foreigner scene?
I know that Xeph mirror'ed my stream from Daum Pot and it was posted on TL.net. I tried to find posts in Teamliquid about my stream but I couldn't find any.
I think it's good that there are lots of leagues and events to participate in the foreign scene, however if I wasn't in Korea I think that I would be able to post a lot of good results in these tournaments. Nevertheless foreigners are still good unlike Brood War. I've played players like Jinro, , and on ladder and I think that is the best foreigner in starcraft 2.
Q. What do you think about SC2's growth in Korea?
StarCraft 2 has grown a lot faster than I thought and is still growing fast in Korea. I believe that there will be more leagues coming up in the future.
Q. Anything you like to say to TL.net?
Please support me a lot when I get to play in GSL or GSTL !
What better way to get recognized than an exclusive replay from the man himself?
DongRaeGu replay
TRAVISTY driver Thomas Randle has taken his second win for the round, winning the reverse-grid Race 2 at Round 7 of the CAMS Jayco Australian Formula 4 Championship.
The Victorian managed to make his way from sixth to first in a nail-biting race, battling with his peers all throughout the race.
Team BRM's Harry Hayek held a strong lead for the majority of the race, with his champion teammate Jordan Lloyd rounding out the podium.
Local racer Jimmy Vernon finished fourth, ahead of Famous Insurance's Nick Rowe.
Rowe crossed the line in third, but had a 5-second penalty applied after jumping the start.
Rookie Will Brown finished sixth and is now tied on points with Hayek for both the rookie standings and third place in the championship.
Zane Goddard finished seventh, ahead of Caitlin Wood, Frankie Maiolo and AGI Sport Rollcage's Nick Filipetto.
Luis Leeds unfortunately had his second DNF for the weekend, crashing into the wall while battling with Lloyd in the dying stages of the race.
IQ Option Racing's Tom Grech was unable to start the race due to the damage sustained to his car in yesterday's Race 1.
The drivers will head out for Race 3 at 10:55 (AEDT), with the racing live on Fox Sports 5.
Race 2 – Round 7 CAMS Jayco Australian Formula 4 Championship
March 06, 2016 Should we be concerned about the 'fragile' atmosphere described by astronaut Scott Kelly?
By By Katy Galimberti, AccuWeather.com Staff Writer March 06, 2016, 12:03:12 AM EST
As NASA astronaut Scott Kelly's latest venture on the International Space Station wound down, he reflected on his observations from 250 miles above the Earth.
In a recent interview with CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta, Kelly said the Earth's atmosphere looks “very, very fragile,” in his perspective. Kelly has taken thousands of mystifying photos of every corner of the globe, capturing scenic views and monstrous sights from storms and typhoons.
“I wouldn't say it looks unhealthy, but it definitely looks very, very fragile and just kind of like this thin film, so it looks like something that we definitely need to take care of,” he said.
Astronaut Scott Kelly returns to Earth after a year in space
Kelly described seeing a haze of thick smog over parts of South America and Asia and watching cyclones and hurricanes unfold across both basins.
“You definitely notice weather systems at times that aren't really expected to be where they are, for instance, tropical cyclones in certain parts of the world at times…,” Kelly told CNN.
Kelly's comments resonate with Bill Andersen, geologist and associate dean of the college of the arts and sciences at Florida International University.
"The Earth itself is not fragile," he said, "but the ecosystems we like and prefer in this space and time may not exist because of how we treat things."
RELATED:
10 amazing photos from astronaut Scott Kelly's year in space
AccuWeather astronomy blog
VIDEO: Giant fireball spotted in Scotland
Andersen said the Earth will exist, regardless of what human activity takes place. It's just a matter of the changing quality of the ecosystem in which we live.
Kelly has observed colossal dust storms, immense clouds of smog over major cities, hurricanes and typhoons and has seen deforestation and ice calving from afar. The compelling images he shares on social media are instantly shared, retweeted and stir conversations of wonderment.
However, Andersen hopes the images provide a clear look at the state of the climate to those who might otherwise disregard warnings.
"These things take your breath away," he said. "It's perspective. It makes you realize how fragile everything is."
Kelly himself has made similar comments. While on the ISS, he conducted an interview shortly before the Paris Climate Change Conference in 2015.
“This is something that's critical to our survival and something we need to fix now before it's too late," he told Popular Science, referring to the work by world leaders to reach an agreement.
Andersen hopes the images will encourage the everyday person to think about the planet's resources a little bit more.
Still, he stressed not to take Kelly's snapshots as the final rule. Images comparing the Earth over time are more revealing, as they highlight the changes in land, sea and air.
Report a Typo
A second chemical was mixed in with the previously identified MCHM crude that leaked from a storage tank at Freedom Industries chemical company earlier this month and tainted drinking water in a large swath of West Virginia, a spokeswoman for Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin told Al Jazeera Tuesday evening.
State authorities said that earlier Tuesday they had received a document from Freedom Industries indicating the presence of the second substance, a modified form of a chemical called PPH. The chemical appears to be less toxic than MCHM, government authorities said, but further study will be required.
State regulators sharply criticized Freedom Industries for failing to report the presence of a second chemical earlier and ordered the company to disclose everything that leaked into the Elk River from their storage tank by 4 p.m. Wednesday.
"Having to order them to provide such obvious information is indicative of the continued decline of their credibility," said Randy Huffman, secretary of the state's Department of Environmental Protection.
Freedom Industries replied to the DEP order in a letter late Wednesday night saying that no other chemicals were present in the tank.
"PPH is added to the Crude MCHM to act as an "extender," in that the Crude MCHM is available in limited, sporadic quantities," the letter said.
The chemical spill into the Elk River prompted authorities to impose a Jan. 9 ban on drinking, bathing or even touching water from taps. The ban was lifted Jan. 19, but residents this week were still reporting symptoms such as rashes or nausea after coming into contact with the water. Some also complained of a strange, licorice-like odor emanating from taps and toilets.
On Wednesday afternoon, the West Virginia American Water Company (WVAW), the company responsible for the region's water supply, released a statement announcing that ongoing water sampling and testing had found "non-detectable" or "extremely low" levels of MCHM, a material used in the processing of coal, throughout the affected Kanawha Valley area.
“Data points collected by our interagency team over the past few days indicate decreasing levels of MCHM,” said the company's president, Jeff McIntyre. “The majority of samples are reading Non-Detectable. In areas where sample results show levels above the non-detectable limit, they are still extremely low and only a fraction of the CDC-established 1 ppm health-protective limit.”
The West Virginia governor's office had strong words for the chemical company in the wake of the second chemical revelations.
"It was Freedom's responsibility to let people know there was another chemical in the tank and they did not," Amy Goodwin, the director of communications for Gov. Tomblin, told Al Jazeera.
"At this point there is very limited trust in any of the information that is being provided by Freedom, but the second we found out about it, the Department of Environmental Protection, the Department of Health and Human Resources, the National Guard and the Office of Homeland Security went out and did testing within the system," she said.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) told Al Jazeera in an email statement that there was likely no cause for alarm.
"Given the small percentage of PPH in the tank and information suggesting similar water solubility as MCHM, it is likely that any amount of PPH currently in the water system would be extremely low."
"However, the water system has not been tested for this material," the statement added.
In its initial assessment of the chemical spill, the CDC also said it is unlikely that the chemical poses any new threat to people's safety.
"An initial review of the currently available toxicologic information does not suggest any new health concerns associated with the release of PPH," a CDC statement read.
Members of the West Virginia National Guard conducted about 20 tests on Tuesday using samples collected from Jan. 9. Their preliminary results also indicated the levels were nondetectable.
Goodwin said the second chemical was a "stripped form" of the chemical PPH, meaning it has certain elements removed from its pure form.
About 300 gallons of the chemical were in the tank, making up about 5 percent of the tank's total capacity, Goodwin said.
The Freedom Industries letter Wednesday, however, stated that 7.3 percent of the tank's capacity was made up of PPH.
During the height of the tainted water crisis last weekend, officials said they were waiting for tests to show that MCHM had dropped to around 1 part per million, which authorities had deemed a safe threshold.
Some residents are still refusing to drink the water, and authorities have warned pregnant women against drinking it until levels of MCHM are undetectable.
According to the local Charleston Gazette newspaper, Gary Southern, president of Freedom Industries, told West Virginia environmental regulator Mike Dorsey about the presence of the second chemical about 10 a.m. Tuesday.
Al Jazeera. David Douglas and Jonathan Martin contributed to this report.
“The longer that takes, the more frustrated they might get with the process itself,” General Odierno said. “What I don't want is for them to lose faith in the system, the democratic system, and that's the long-term risk, do they lose faith in the process.”
American officials had hoped to have a new government in place long before the Tuesday deadline, set by the Obama administration, to bring troop levels down to 50,000. But an effort to form a coalition between the two winning blocs — one led by Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, the other by Ayad Allawi, a former interim prime minister — has proceeded only haltingly. Powerful groups within Iraq, and some of the country's neighbors, remain deeply opposed to either man leading the country.
Even some Iraqi officials acknowledge there is little urgency in the talks, particularly during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, which began this month. The prospect of an election, however remote, comes amid worries that insurgents might stage high-profile attacks to create havoc, that Iran has stepped up support for militant groups and that Iraqi military leaders might be tempted to take matters into their own hands.
“If we get the government formed, I think we're O.K.,” General Odierno said. “If we don't, I don't know.”
General Odierno will leave the country Wednesday, after formally turning over command to Lt. Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III. For General Odierno, the ceremony will mark the end of more than four years in Iraq, where he has gone from a commander criticized for heavy-handed operations in regions that became insurgent strongholds to a figure praised, in military circles and beyond, for overseeing the American military buildup here in 2007.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But part of his legacy may rest on the performance of Iraq's security forces in taking sole control of the country. American officials have conceded they were dealt a blow last week by a wave of car bombings, roadside mines and hit-and-run attacks that insurgents unleashed in at least 13 towns and cities across Iraq.
The attacks were “not unexpected,” General Odierno said. “What I would tell you surprised me a little bit was that they were able to do it over the country with some coordination.”
In his four years here, General Odierno was often at the center of shifting American military strategy in Iraq. He said the military learned lessons “the hard way.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We all came in very naïve about Iraq,” he said.
“We came in naïve about what the problems were in Iraq; I don't think we understood what I call the societal devastation that occurred,” he said, citing the Iran-Iraq war, the Persian Gulf war and the international sanctions from 1990 to 2003 that wiped out the middle class. “And then we attacked to overthrow the government,” he said.
The same went for the country's ethnic and sectarian divisions, he said: “We just didn't understand it.”
To advocates of the counterinsurgency strategy that General Odierno has, in part, come to symbolize, the learning curve might highlight the military's adaptiveness. Critics of a conflict that killed an estimated 100,000 Iraqis, perhaps far more, and more than 4,400 American soldiers might see the acknowledgment as evidence of the war's folly.
Asked if the United States had made the country's divisions worse, General Odierno said, “I don't know.”
“There's all these issues that we didn't understand and that we had to work our way through,” he said. “And did maybe that cause it to get worse? Maybe.”
Sharing is caring!
News came out in a Google Press release yesterday, Google to Acquire Nest, that Google had purchased Nest, a company focused on connecting things found in your home to the internet, including the Nest Learning Thermostat, and recently released Protect, a Smoke + CO Alarm.
It's exciting to see Google venturing out into business lines such as the control and security of household items such as alarms and thermostats and lighting and media controls. What does it mean for search and knowledge collection? I don't think it signals any less interest in running a search engine, but it does show off a growing interest in selling internet related hardware, which is an area of experience that Google has been lacking in, though with devices such as Chromecast and Google Glass, may be really useful in the future.
There's a lot of press and blog posts circulating around the Web about Google's multi-billion dollar purchase of Nest, including some speculation that it gives Google a legitimate stance as a seller of hardware.
But it's not Google's first major investment in home automation products. That involved a company that had been successfully selling similar projects, but appears to have put new sales on hold while they developed new ones. The company was 3vNet, and their home page states that they will not be selling any new products after April 2013.
The story, 3vNet To Phase Out As CEO Forms New Company, published on April 8, 2013, tells about a decision to rebrand 3vNet and start over on the products they had been making. Another story published on the same day, Interview: Why Mike Anderson is Closing, Reinventing 3vNet, provides some other details.
In there, we are told:
Former Russound executive Mike Anderson bought Colorado vNet from his former employer one year ago, but he is closing that business, now called 3vNet, and reinventing the home automation technology under a new company called Automated Control Technology Partners, Inc. (ACTP) … not 4vNet.
The patent assignment database at the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) shows that Automated Control Technology Partners, Inc. assigned 33 pending and granted patents to Google, with an execution date of August 19, 2013, which have a recording data of October 28, 2013 at the patent office. I've provided a list of the patent filings involved in this assignment below, though the 3vNet web site still resolves correctly and shows off the kinds of products that they have been selling, including digital audio, lighting control, wireless lighting and control, and other home automation, such as the cctv module shown below, which allows views from multiple cameras installed in a house:
The patent filings show that 3vNet assigned the patents originally to Automated Control Technology Partners, Inc., which then assigned them to Google in August.
There are a lot more patent filings involved in the Nest purchase, but I thought it might be interesting to share the 3vNet patent filings, since that transaction appears to have been lost in the path Google is following to home automation. Perhaps Google felt the same way as the former CEO of 3vNet, and thought that it needed different products. It's hard to say if this earlier patent purchase was a misstep, or if it makes Google's foray into this field stronger than if they had purchased Nest to begin with.
I haven't been able to find any financial information related to this earlier transaction, but if Automated Control Technology Partners is building new technology to replace their 3vNet technology, maybe the transaction has helped fund their research towards that goal.
Here are the patent filings:
Load control system and method – (Patent # 7417384)
Global and local command circuits for network devices – (Patent # 7472203)
CAN communication for building automation system – (Patent # 7650323)
Keypad and keypad housing – (Patent # D494585)
Keypad and keypad housing – (Patent # D502466)
Light control housing – (Patent # D532384)
Transparent keypad and keypad housing – (Patent # D538234)
Building automation system and method – (Patent Application # 20040176877)
Bridge apparatus and methods of operation – (Patent Application # 20040218591)
Media distribution systems and methods – (Patent Application # 20040237107)
Input device for building automation – (Patent Application # 20050049726)
Keypad for building automation – (Patent Application # 20050049730)
Power and data configurations for building automation systems – (Patent Application # 20050049754)
Keypad and methods of operation – (Patent Application # 20050050478)
Configuration application for building automation – (Patent Application # 20050119767)
Secure network connection – (Patent Application # 20050120204)
Secure authenticated network connections – (Patent Application # 20050120223)
Secure authenticated network connections – (Patent Application # 20050120240)
Can bus router for building automation systems – (Patent Application # 20050288823)
User interface builder application for building automation – (Patent Application # 20060052884)
Smart card systems and methods for building automation – (Patent Application # 20060112421)
Hot Reprogrammability of Building Automation Devices – (Patent Application # 20060271204)
Audio distribution over internet protocol – (Patent Application # 20070217400)
Secure Network Connection – (Patent Application # 20080222416)
Water measurement auto-networks – (Patent Application # 20090198458)
Arc Fault Circuit Interrupter (AFCI) Support – (Patent Application # 20090262471)
Status Indication for Building Automation Systems – (Patent Application # 20090184858)
If you want more details on any of these, you can use the USPTO search page with granted patents on the left, and published patent applications on the right.
Sharing is caring!
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201608/627/1155968404_5068327197001_5068293281001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Trump: 'I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier'
Without setting foot on a battlefield, Donald Trump said he received a Purple Heart medal on Tuesday at his rally in Ashburn, Virginia, from a retired lieutenant colonel and supporter.
“I said to him, 'Is that like the real one, or is that a copy?” the Republican nominee said moments after taking the stage at a local high school.
Story Continued Below
Trump recounted the exchange, remarking that the man, who he identified as retired Lt. Col. Louis Dorfman said, "That's my real Purple Heart. I have such confidence in you."
"And I said, 'Man, that's like big stuff. I always wanted to get the Purple Heart," Trump said. "This was much easier.”
Trump then invited Dorfman to appear onstage with him on camera, as the two posed for photographs and Trump flashed a thumbs-up before placing the Purple Heart back in his suit jacket pocket.
Trump then told his audience that he had asked Dorfman to speak, but that the man had told him, "No, sir. I'd just like you to keep saying what you've been saying.”
The Republican nominee has been under fire in recent days for his attacks on the Gold Star family of a fallen Muslim U.S. Army captain who spoke at last week's Democratic National Convention to denounce Trump's comments on immigration.
Following Trump's statement, NBC reporter Katy Tur tweeted that she had spoken with Dorfman and that he said the medal he gave to Trump was a copy of the one awarded to him.
Dorfman was awarded the Purple Heart after being wounded in action in Iraq in 2007.
Armed forces thoroughly unimpressed with Microsoft's DRM
Regular gamers have expressed quite a bit of upset at Xbox One's ridiculous DRM policies, but nowhere is the disdain more keenly felt -- nor more justified -- than that coming from America's armed services. Considering the troops have a lot of downtime, and games are a good way to soak up the hours, the Xbox One is absolutely useless to them.
An article in the Navy Times calls the Xbox One's DRM "a showstopper," and explains to its readers exactly how they'll be unable to use the Xbox One, should they be stationed aboard ships or overseas.
"Microsoft has single handedly alienated the entire military. And not just the U.S. military -- the militaries of the entire world," stated naval aviator Jay Johnson.
As well as the region locking and online check-ins, the Navy Times highlights the "serious security concerns" with the built-in Kinect and its constant listening. Always listening. Forever listening.
"Even when the Xbox One is in sleep mode, its built-in microphone can always listen in," explains the article. "It's a feature developers say will provide quick voice-command access to games and apps -- but that could spook commanders who might worry the always-connected device could also capture more than just idle chit-chat among troops."
Videogames have become a big part of military downtime, and the Xbox 360 was undoubtedly a hugely popular choice. Don Mattrick has expressed his belief that anybody unable to use the Xbox One (basically the entire armed forces) can just keep using the 360, but I have a feeling service members will instead just migrate to the PS4. According to a local air force buddy of mine, that's already being seen as the best option by some folks.
Now we just need Jack Tretton to appear naked, wearing only the American flag and claiming PS4 is the only console to support the troops, and I'd say this generation is over. Well ... maybe without the flag bit.
No ... no, do the flag bit.
New Xbox 'a sin against all service members' [Navy Times]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
What is Hurricane Extreme?
Hurricane Extreme simplifies a post workout supplement by combining different products into an all-in-one powder ready to be consumed post workout or specifically designed to be a sufficient meal replacement.
Benefits of Hurricane Extreme
This all-in-one is a combination of protein, creatine monohydrate and high and low GI carbohydrates. Also added amino acids; L Leucine, Glycine, Histidine and Carnosine.
Who is Hurricane Extreme suitable for?
Hurricane Extreme is designed to be taken by anyone who wants an all-in-one post workout or as a meal replacement.
*This statement has not been approved by the FDA
Please note that the labelling on this product is provided in English as a minimum. French, Italian, German, Spanish, Danish, Swedish and Finnish may also be present on a product by product basis.
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday, March 5, 2009
Czech newspapers are questioning if the shocking discovery of vaccines contaminated with the deadly avian flu virus which were distributed to 18 countries by the American company Baxter were part of a conspiracy to provoke a pandemic.
The claim holds weight because, according to the very laboratory protocols that are routine for vaccine makers, mixing a live virus biological weapon with vaccine material by accident is virtually impossible.
“The company that released contaminated flu virus material from a plant in Austria confirmed Friday that the experimental product contained live H5N1 avian flu viruses,” reports the Canadian Press.
Baxter flu vaccines contaminated with H5N1 – otherwise known as the human form of avian flu, one of the most deadly biological weapons on earth with a 60% kill rate – were received by labs in the Czech Republic, Germany, and Slovenia.
Initially, Baxter attempted to stonewall questions by invoking “trade secrets” and refused to reveal how the vaccines were contaminated with H5N1. After increased pressure they then claimed that pure H5N1 batches were sent by accident. This was seemingly an attempt to quickly change the story and hide the fact that the accidental contamination of a vaccine with a deadly biological agent like avian flu is virtually impossible and the only way it could have happened was by wilful gross criminal negligence.
[efoods]According to a compiled translation from Czech newspaper stories, the media over there is asking tough questions about whether the contamination was part of a deliberate attempt to start a pandemic.
“Was this just a criminal negligence or it was an attempt to provoke pandemia using vaccination against flu to spread the disease – as happened with the anti-B hepatitis vaccination with vaccines containing the HIV virus in US? – and then cash for the vaccines against H5N1 which Baxter develops? How could on Earth a virus as H5N1 come to the ordinary flu vaccines? Don't they follow even basic precautions in the american pharma companies?” states the translation.
The fact that Baxter mixed the deadly H5N1 virus with a mix of H3N2 seasonal flu viruses is the smoking gun. The H5N1 virus on its own has killed hundreds of people, but it is less airborne and more restricted in the ease with which it can spread. However, when combined with seasonal flu viruses, which as everyone knows are super-airborne and easily spread, the effect is a potent, super-airbone, super deadly biological weapon.
As the Canadian Press article explains, “While H5N1 doesn't easily infect people, H3N2 viruses do. If someone exposed to a mixture of the two had been simultaneously infected with both strains, he or she could have served as an incubator for a hybrid virus able to transmit easily to and among people.”
There can be little doubt therefore that this was a deliberate attempt to weaponize the H5N1 virus to its most potent extreme and distribute it via conventional flu vaccines to the population who would then infect others to a devastating degree as the disease went airborne.
The Canadian Press article states, “That mixing process, called reassortment, is one of two ways pandemic viruses are created,” but then claims that there is no evidence that this is what Baxter were doing, despite there being no clear explanation as to why Baxter has samples of the live avian flu virus on its premises in the first place.
However, to reiterate, the key aspect of this story is that it is virtually impossible for live avian flu virus to find its way into a vaccine by “accident”.
As health expert Mike Adams points out, “The shocking answer is that this couldn't have been an accident. Why? Because Baxter International adheres to something called BSL3 (Biosafety Level 3) – a set of laboratory safety protocols that prevent the cross-contamination of materials.”
As explained on Wikipedia (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biosaf…):
“Laboratory personnel have specific training in handling pathogenic and potentially lethal agents, and are supervised by competent scientists who are experienced in working with these agents. This is considered a neutral or warm zone. All procedures involving the manipulation of infectious materials are conducted within biological safety cabinets or other physical containment devices, or by personnel wearing appropriate personal protective clothing and equipment. The laboratory has special engineering and design features.”
Under the BSL3 code of conduct, it is impossible for live avian flu viruses to contaminate production vaccine materials that are shipped out to vendors around the world. This leaves only two possibilities that explain these events: Possibility #1: Baxter isn't following BSL3 safety guidelines or is so sloppy in following them that it can make monumental mistakes that threaten the safety of the entire human race. And if that's the case, then why are we injecting our children with vaccines made from Baxter's materials? Possibility #2: A rogue employee (or an evil plot from the top management) is present at Baxter, whereby live avian flu viruses were intentionally placed into the vaccine materials in the hope that such materials might be injected into humans and set off a global bird flu pandemic.
Spreading bird flu would create an instantaneous surge of demand for bird flu vaccines. The profits that vaccine companies such as Baxter International could reap out of such a panic are astronomical.
In addition, as we have previously reported, those that have a stake in the Tamiflu vaccine include top globalists and BIlderberg members like George Shultz, Lodewijk J.R. de Vink and former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.
Authorities in both Europe and the U.S. have openly detailed plans for martial law, quarantine and internment should a bird flu pandemic occur.
The other motivation, as we have exhaustively documented on this website for years, is the fact that elites throughout history have openly stated that they want to see a world population reduction of around 80 per cent. Shocking stories like this take the plausibility of that narrative out of the realms of conspiracy theory and into the dangerous reality of conspiracy fact.
“Baxter is acting a whole lot like a biological terrorism organization these days, sending deadly viral samples around the world. If you mail an envelope full of anthrax to your Senator, you get arrested as a terrorist. So why is Baxter — which mailed samples of a far more deadly viral strain to labs around the world — getting away with saying, essentially, “Oops?”, Adams concludes.
This is not the first time that vaccine companies have been caught distributing vaccines contaminated with deadly viruses.
In 2006 it was revealed that Bayer Corporation had discovered that their injection drug, which was used by hemophiliacs, was contaminated with the HIV virus. Internal documents prove that after they positively knew that the drug was contaminated, they took it off the U.S. market only to dump it on the European, Asian and Latin American markets, knowingly exposing thousands, most of them children, to the live HIV virus. Government officials in France went to prison for allowing the drug to be distributed. The documents show that the FDA colluded with Bayer to cover up the scandal and allowed the deadly drug to be distributed globally. No Bayer executives ever faced arrest or prosecution in the United States.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho (centre) watched on as his side suffered defeat at West Ham
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been given a one-match stadium ban with immediate effect and also fined £40,000 by the Football Association.
The punishment comes after Mourinho admitted a misconduct charge over his language and behaviour in the defeat by West Ham on 24 October.
Mourinho, 52, was sent to the stands after going to speak to referee Jon Moss in his room at half-time.
He will miss Chelsea's league game at Stoke on Saturday, unless he appeals.
Mourinho will receive the FA's written reasons this week and, if he contests the punishment, he could still be on the bench at the Britannia Stadium.
The stadium ban is separate to the suspended one he received along with a £50,000 fine for comments he made after the loss to Southampton on 3 October.
The Portuguese described that fine as a "disgrace" and appealed.
Mourinho's assistant, Silvino Louro, was also charged by the FA after being dismissed during the match at West Ham in relation to his behaviour in the technical area.
In a statement, the FA withdrew an improper conduct charge against Louro but reminded him of his responsibilities.
Media playback is not supported on this device Mourinho: There are fights you cannot win
Mourinho's mounting problems
The stadium ban for Chelsea's next game adds to Mourinho's problems as the pressure intensifies on him.
In addition to his disciplinary problems with the FA, the Portuguese has been criticised for his treatment of former Chelsea doctor Eva Carneiro.
Carneiro was dropped from first-team duties after Mourinho said she was "naive" for treating Eden Hazard during the opening-day draw at home to Swansea.
She has since left Chelsea and Mourinho is to be the subject of individual legal action from Carneiro, who is also suing the Stamford Bridge club for constructive dismissal.
On the pitch, his side are 15th in the Premier League having lost six times in 11 games in defence of their Premier League crown.
The latest defeat was a 3-1 home loss to Liverpool that left the Blues 14 points behind leaders Manchester City.
Chelsea's all-time top scorer Frank Lampard, who played under Mourinho, said the club should be looking for stability.
Speaking on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football, he said: "That's the intriguing thing at the moment to see if they stick with him.
"He is a world-class manager. I think they should stick with him but results need to change now."
With Navratri enthusiasm in full swing, the staff members of Sola Civil Hospital, Ahmedabad, were seen playing Garba inside the ICU ward, in front of ailing patients, regional news channel TV9 reported on Monday.
Earlier in the day, the Finance, Medical Education and Health and Family Welfare Minister of Gujarat, Nitinbhai Patel, had inaugurated the new dialysis centre in the hospital. Soon after his visit, the hospital staff started playing Garba with loud music, disturbing the patients present inside the ward.
ICU ward where even the mobile phones are prohibited as per the hospital rules, the staff was playing loud music to celebrate the opening of new centre.
A video of the incident has gone viral; it shows staff members playing garba in front of old ailing patients.
As per TV9 reports, the administration wasn't aware of the proceedings, and went on to shut the loud music as soon as the matter was brought to its notice. The reports also bring to light the sheer negligence of hygiene in the ICU ward, which is of utmost importance -- the hospital staff is seen dancing with shoes and slippers.
Who Would Want a Farco Air Shotgun?
By Ronald E. GillPhotos by Stephanie Gill
"Who would want one?" My wife Stephanie was referring to my new Farco CO2 air shotgun, and the question stopped me in mid-sentence. "Well, me of course," was not a satisfactory answer for my most important editor. Would other shooters want it too? Here are my answers about some of the shooters who would find the Farco air shotgun appealing.
Someone who would want a Farco must have a sense of adventure and humor, because the Farco is an outlandish airgun. It is a .51 caliber, smoothbore, CO2 powered pellet gun from the Republic of the Philippines. If that doesnt break all the pellet gun rules, consider that it has a 30 inch barrel and an overall length of 4 feet.
I ordered my Farco from Air Rifle Specialists in New York. It arrived at my home near Pocatello, Idaho, just after a flash flood closed the county road about two miles below my house. The Sheriffs Deputy in a four-wheel drive led the UPS truck through flood debris to the foot of our washed out driveway. I looked down from the house and saw Stephanie step out of the mud on to the trucks runningboard to sign the electronic clip board for an airgun I had wanted for years.
The person who wants a Farco must be the kind of airgunner who really appreciates grinder and file marks on a $460 airgun. The Farco is appropriate technology from the Philippines. This is a hand made gun and it is made with hand tools. Solder and brass tubing play an important part in its construction. The Farco came out of the hand-cut styrofoam packing box with no pretensions. It was just what the Philippine craftsman packed in there. The kind of craftsman who gets the most out of working with a hammer, file and hacksaw. I have appreciated this craftsmanship since I was a sailor in the Philippines, where I bought an engraved belt buckle. The engravers tools were a cold chisel and a center punch.
A reality check for airgunners is a $100 Benjamin/Sheridan from the Mart store of your choice. This gun represents high technology to most folks in the U.S. A handmade CO2 shotgun from the Republic of the Philippines that costs $460 may dumbfound a mainstream shooter. The same money would buy a nice rifle that would shoot a nice elk that would fill a freezer with nice steaks. If mainstream shooters are incredulous over a $460 airgun, well, they have a valid point.
For the airgunner who wants an air shotgun, the point is that the Farco is very different from most other airguns. The nickel plated Farco looks and shoots like a Silver Streak on steroids. The Farco shoots or round balls at 100 foot pounds of energy. That is 6 to 10 times the energy of domestic airguns, and this is only one of the differences. It is loaded with reusable brass shells that have to be removed from the gun after each firing. There is no extractor or ejector. The shells slide to the rear as the bolt is opened. Then they are removed by hand. Twelve shells made from 1 inch long pieces of brass tubing the same size as the barrel come with the gun.
Loading the shell with loose shot is very much like loading a muzzleloader. First, a thick wad (analogous to an over powder card) is pushed into the shell. Then the shot is added and a thin wad is placed over the shot. The gun came with a 17/32 inch wad cutter to make wads from sheet cork, cardboard, or other materials. When shooting round balls, a plastic .50 caliber muzzleloader sabot and a .433 round ball are pressed into the shell. These removable shells make the Farco air shotgun unlike most airguns where the shooter simply loads a pellet by itself and fires.
The first time I shot my Farco it felt like a big sling shot. It sounded like the valve was fluttering, and then I heard the rat tat tats of the shot hitting an empty cereal box 20 yards away. The 7 1/2 shot hit the box with enough force to go through both sides. I had fun experimenting with various kinds of wads and shot, but I really wanted to shoot it with round balls.
To see how the gun would do with round balls, I set up a 2 x 2 piece of 0.040" sheet metal at about 30 yards. I aimed at the center of the target and squeezed the trigger. There was the hushed report followed by a metallic thump of the lead ball deforming against sheet iron. The time lag between the shot and the thump made the perception of power much more intense. I walked up to the target and found a dent 2 inches in diameter and 1 inch deep. Just then, airgunning took on a whole new dimension. I was born to go fooom! Big bore airgunning was what I had wanted and the Farco delivered. Shooting .433 round balls from 50 yards, the airgun from Manila can topple a 1/2 size ram silhouette that weighs just over 10 pounds. More amazing was all that power comes from CO2.
This CO2 gun does not take 12 gram Powerlets. The large tube under the barrel holds 4-5 ounces of liquefied gas, and is refilled from a separate ten ounce cylinders that is provided with the gun. This is not new; the first CO2 gun I ever shot was filled with CO2 from a cylinder that had to be refilled at the refrigeration plant. With my new Farco, I use a five pound tank to refill the ten ounce cylinder. I can connect the two tanks with an adapter from Air Rifle Specialists This way, I dont have to go back to town every time the smaller cylinder runs dry. Some people who have watched me shoot are as interested in the refilling as in the shooting.
The kind of shooter who wants a Farco air shotgun will be someone who wants to share the fun of shooting. Most people smile when they see the Farco. Their smiles usually broaden after they shoot it, as I learned at our local shooting range.
At the range, several friends gathered to see my new gun. My friend Neal wanted to be able to say he shot the Farco. I handed him a shell loaded with a round ball, and suggested a sight picture for the 25 yard target. "Oh no, Im going for something further," and he aimed for a 4 X 8 foot target board at 200 yards. We all watched to see where the ball would hit. We knew in our hearts the ball would fall short of the target. None of us saw dust. Finally, "THUMP!" We had thought the ball could no longer be in flight when we heard it strike the board. Ten shots later, no one had duplicated Neals shot.
On another trip to the range, Valerie, my 11 year old daughter, and I shot the Farco. Valerie reloaded the shells with the 120 gr. balls and sabots and shot the Farco through the chronograph. She tried to shoot it offhand, but it was too big and clumsy for her, so she shot from a rest. The gun won her approval: "Thats a neat gun, Dad."
Valerie and I measured three successive shots with .433 round balls: 533, 522 and 508 fps. The lead ball and sabot weigh 135 gr. We calculated energy figures of 85, 82, & 77 foot pounds respectively. My Farco was not delivering to the 100+ foot pounds of energy I had read about. The kinetic energy for the first shots I measured were in the low 70s. However, with more shooting the Farcos voice got deeper. Airguns wear in with shooting, and this guns velocity was getting faster. The most recent shots were 574 fps (99 foot pounds) for round ball and sabot, and 440 fps (103 foot pounds) for 240 grains of 7 1/2 shot. The Farco is powerful. Against steel rams at 50 yards the lead balls flatten to the size of quarters. Its major role is as a shot gun, and at 20 yards it will shoot 7 1/2 shot through an aluminum pop can fill with water.
The hunter who wants to hunt with an air shotgun is a hunter who wants to use stealth and skill to get a step closer to the game. For all its power the Farco is a limited range weapon. An air shotgunner will have to pass up shots that could be made with a 12 gauge or a .22 long rifle. A hunter with an air shotgun has to get closer to the game, but there is a reward. Hunting at closer range is hunting at a higher skill level.
Who would want to own a Farco air shotgun? Well, me of course, but there are others. A shooter who is looking for something different and who has a sense of humor and adventure. A gun owner who knows hand made can leave marks from hand tools. A hunter who wants to hunt more with stealth than power. Someone who likes to have fun and share it with others.
The ARS Farco CO2 Air Shotgun Specs Model ARS Farco CO2 Air Shotgun Manufacturer Grion Metal Craft
Republic of the Philippines Importer Air Rifle Specialists
311 East Water St.
Elmira, NY 14901
607-734-7340 Power Source CO2 Bulk Fill Caliber .51 (28 guage) Energy 100+ ft. lb. Overall Length 48 1/2" Weight 7 lb. Barrel 30" Smoothbore Sights Open Rear
Post Front Stock Philipine Hardwood Safety Trigger Blocking Price $460
© Copyright 2006 by Brad Troyer & American Airguns
Last week, the general manager and CEO of Seattle City Light, Larry Weis, briefed the Seattle City Council on its Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) program — a grid of so-called “smart meters” that provide more timely and accurate information about home energy use. In his 10-minute update, however, he did not mention that if the program continues as scheduled, its cost will balloon by more than $12 million.
So, in order to stay below the roughly $84 million set aside for the project, the utility company has decided to only deliver 70 percent of what it promised on schedule and to delay the rest, according to the program's project manager J.R. Gonzalez.
The hope is that by delaying the full rollout, the costs will not run quite so high.
Accounts of what that means vary. Several City Light employees were under the impression it could scuttle some of the most user-friendly aspects of the project, including ones that would allow city residents to get a better handle on their electric usage and bills.
But Director of City Light's Customer Care Division Kelly Enright said that was not the case and the delay would affect "business processes" — namely, the ability to disconnect meters remotely and service-problem alarms to go directly to the city's central system.
According to one employee with Seattle City Light, who asked to remain anonymous because the disclosure of the troubles would anger the department's managers, leadership has been discussing this partial “pause” since at least November. But until Crosscut reached out late last week to City Light and the office of Councilmember Kshama Sawant, who chairs the Seattle City Council's energy committee, none of this had been communicated to the Council, despite the recent council appearances by City Light's CEO Weis.
“The very short answer is that we had not heard anything about this,” said Ted Virdone, staff member for Seattle Councilmember Kshama Sawant, who heads the council's energy committee. “That is particularly surprising to us because Larry Weis gave the General Manager's report to the committee [last Tuesday] and didn't mention it.”
When asked if City Light should have communicated the delays to the City Council earlier, Enright answered, "I will say yes."
The benefits of advanced metering to City Light are clear: rather than sending out meter readers to collect what is often an estimated measurement of energy use, advanced meters can feed that information directly back to the utility company. The data that comes in is also much more precise.
Further, disconnections, because someone has moved or due to an unpaid bill, can — eventually — be done remotely rather than in person.
The appeal to the customer is they can pinpoint energy waste. A fully functional advanced metering system should provide energy updates in as narrow as 5-minute intervals. In theory, it could also tell you if you're wasting energy through an outdated refrigerator or a hidden power-strip. Customers could even download an app to check in on their home while they're away.
Enright was emphatic that the full benefits of the program will eventually be realized, even if it is not in the time frame originally forecast in 2012 and budgeted for in 2014.
The problem, says Gonzalez, is that the budgeting was done based on a 2012 business case for the metering infrastructure. Several things have changed since then.
First, the original budget assumed City Light would have to replace 410,000 meters. But the city is growing at an incredible pace and that number has climbed to 466,000 meters — 56,000 additional meters. Gonzalez said that has added “at least 7.5 million, 8 million dollars to the program.” In a meeting requested by Sawant's office Monday, Enright told the councilmember's staff that number was more like $4 million.
The second and larger issue relates to the troubled rollout of a new billing system for Seattle City Light and Seattle Public Utilities — the New Customer Information System (NCIS). The city budgeted $2.7 million to integrate AMI with the old billing system, said Gonzalez. But the new billing system, with all of its bells and whistles, makes meshing the two much more expensive. If SCL had proceeded as planned with AMI, integrating the program with NCIS would have pushed the city another $8 million over budget.
Overall, Enright said, "The cost came in a lot higher than we thought."
As a result, the higher estimates spurred City Light to look at the project "very carefully" to find the best option for containing costs. In the end, a steering committee decided to pull back from full integration with the new billing system. It would be more cost effective, said Enright, to fully integrate the AMI program at a later date, when the city would have to perform updates to the billing system anyway.
How much, ultimately, full deployment would cost is still not clear.
The lag between an early business case and actual implementation has gotten City Light into trouble before. The same thing happened with the NCIS billing system, which ended up delayed and $34 million over budget. According to the City Auditor's autopsy of those issues, the budget was similarly based on a 2012 business case. As the project dragged on and scope grew, the budget went up.
That delay and cost overrun, revealed in the March 2016, put both SCL and SPU in seriously hot water with most of the City Council, which felt the issues were not well communicated. Sawant went a step further, accusing the departments and Mayor Ed Murray of a cover-up.
This newest hiccup is rekindling that tension. Virdone, the aide to Sawant, said the council committee will want City Light staff or Weis to come back next week "to properly brief the council.”
Enright said there was no cover-up intended and that the lack of communication was an oversight. "We had just not gone and done the updated briefing on the project," she said. "That's where we should probably have been more proactive. And I'll take responsibility for that. We were just trying to keep the project moving."
Advanced metering has already been controversial among privacy advocates, who feel it creates an unchecked data pipeline from private citizens to the city. City Light has attempted to fend off some of those concerns by providing an “opt-out” option.
But the delay to the AMI program is separate from citizens' privacy concerns, instead indicative of the continuing headache for the department to bring its billing and metering services into the 21st Century, a task likely complicated by the city's ongoing consolidation of its IT department.
AMI program manager Gonzalez said the project is moving forward. “The network is fairly robust,” he said, saying deployment will begin in July. “This is all very, very positive news that this train is moving.”
“It's just that full system integration is moved three years down the road.”
Philip Mubiana, covering his face, and James Mwape, seated at left, arrive at the Kapiri magistrate court on May 8, 2013 in Lusaka for their trial on charge of sodomy.
Life has never been comfortable for LGBT people in Zambia, where sodomy is a crime and the constitution proclaims the country to be a "Christian nation." But the situation has grown far more dangerous over the last month, following allegations that activists and European governments want to promote same-sex marriage in the country and ending with an arrest in the past week.
Twenty-year-old James Mwape and twenty-one-year-old Philip Mubiana, who had reportedly lived together for a while, were reported by a relative to police and were arrested on charges of sodomy in what is believed to be the first such arrest in the country.
The two were apparently released only to be rearrested on Tuesday and forced to submit to a "medical test" that "proved that they had been practicing sodomy," according to a story in the Lukasa Times.
They aren't alone. Last month, Paul Kasonkomona, a high-profile activist, was arrested in early April after calling for the decriminalization of homosexuality during a television appearance. Human rights activists also say there has also been a rapid increase of hate crimes, blackmail, and other forms of intimidation.
Th extent of the homophobic outpouring in recent weeks has taken activists by surprise, even though they have been fighting currents of homophobia for some time.
"It's sort of like dealing with an iceberg, where you don't know what the true extent of the problem [is]," said Juliet Mphande, executive director of the human rights group Friends of Rainka, in an interview with BuzzFeed. "You just [feel] defeated when you truly comprehend it."
Mphande said anti-gay sentiments have been stoked in recent years by politicians fighting over rewriting the constitution, as well as religious leaders who have been sounding the drumbeat against gays and lesbians. Some of these pastors, she says, have ties to religious conservatives in the United States.
In early April, a series of media reports helped bring the situation to a boil.
The first was a story that a handful of same-sex couples had attempted to marry in the Zambian capital of Lusaka.
On April 3, the state-owned Zambian Daily Mail wrote that four Zambian students between the ages of 22 and 30 had attempted to register their marriages to foreign men between the ages of 34 and 64.
The Zambians, the paper said, "were playing the role of women," and the implication of exploitation and feminization of young Zambian men by foreigners sounded like a hoax to many human rights activists.
"There were actually some activists who were thinking it was actually a ploy by government officials to create that moral panic," said Damian Ugwu of the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission.
But the blog Zambian Watchdog published comments by Chalwe Ranney, whom it identifies as "a leader at a Zambian LGBT rights group," saying that the marriage attempt was real and a case of "bad strategy" by individuals unconnected to organized LGBT rights group.
True or not, state-owned media continued to fuel the story following the initial report.
On April 4, the Zambian Daily Mail published comments by the country's minister of home affairs, Edgar Lungu, calling for these couples to be arrested.
"It is a pity that foreigners have started bringing this thing to us now. We are on dangerous ground where people are bringing new things to us and we are watching," the paper wrote. "The police must do their work…same-sex marriages are not a normal thing and we do tolerate such."
On April 6, the Zambian Daily Mail published a story that began, "Police say homosexuality is a serious offence and have appealed to members of the public to report anyone involved in it to the nearest police station so that the law can take its course."
Then in mid-April, the European Union inadvertently added fuel to the fire by calling for human rights groups in Zambia—including those working on LGBT rights—to apply for funding.
Lungu responded by attacking the EU, saying its aim was to promote same-sex marriage in the country, according to a report from the Open Society Initiative in Southern Africa, a human rights organization.
And then came the arrest of Mwape and Mubiana. Despite the degrading treatment they received from police, Mphande said the couple may have been lucky to have been taken to the police. Increasingly, "people in communities are feeling empowered to take the law into their own hands" and attack people they believe to be gay, she said.
Mphande said LGBT activists had hoped that "quiet diplomacy" might cool the situation up until the arrest of Mwape and Mubiana. Allegations of foreign meddling helped bring on this crackdown on LGBT people, and activists had worried that international pressure could make the situation worse.
But the couple's arrest suggests the country could start seeing the kinds of anti-gay witch-hunts that have occurred in Uganda, she said. It could also intensify because politicians are exploiting the issue in the debate over the constitution, just as the ruling party of Zimbabwe has done in recent months.
"You could be rewriting the same play," she said. "At this point, we need all the help that we can get from the international community."
A new offence of emotional abuse and controlling behaviour has been announced by the government.
The Home Office is giving police in England and Wales new powers in a drive to crack down on domestic abuse.
At the moment the government's definition of domestic violence recognises the impact of threatening behaviour but it has never been a law.
Home Secretary Theresa May says coercive control "can be tantamount to torture".
"Domestic abuse is a hideous crime that shatters the lives of victims, trapping them in cycles of abuse that too often end in tragic and untimely deaths," she said.
"In many cases, dominance over the victim develops and escalates over the years until the perpetrator has complete control.
"The government is committed to protecting the victims of this terrible crime and it is clear that this new offence has the potential to save lives."
It means that now for the first time people who control their partners through threats or by restricting their personal or financial freedom, could face prison in the same way they do if they're violent.
The new offence, which will come into force in late 2015, will mean abusers could face up to five years behind bars if found guilty of domestic abuse.
Find out who can help at BBC Advice
The victims
Alison - we've given her another name to protect her identity - was in an abusive and violent relationship for around 12 months.
"It started with name calling, 'You're fat', 'You're lucky that I love you because no-one else would'."
She says after he'd isolated her from her family and friends the abuse became physical.
"I was flung across the room, hit, punched, kicked, head butted and strangled.
"I felt numb, scared. I didn't know whether he was going to carry on. I didn't know if I was going to see tomorrow.
"He apologised but the abuse continued, five days a week.
"Police never prosecuted him and I still get a recurring dream of not being able to breathe and I see him with his hands around my throat."
Alison thinks that emotional abuse is common in relationships, especially among teenagers.
NSPCC figures suggest one in five teenage girls has been assaulted by a boyfriend.
"I don't think girls know it's domestic abuse," admits Alison.
"I actually wish they'd brought in [these new laws] back when it happened to me because my ex got away with what he's done.
"Also if they taught it in schools I might have understood it more."
About 1.2 million in Britain experience it each year with two dying every week. 700,000 of them also go through the same abuse, according to the British Crime Survey.
Mark Kirkpatrick's former girlfriend, Gemma Hollings, almost killed him after a row in May 2014.
"She was alright in the first few weeks. I thought it was a passing thing when she became controlling.
"She started telling me not to wear shorts. She wouldn't let me have my hair shaved even though that's how it was when she first met me.
"It got violent after a few weeks of living at hers. She pushed me, tried strangling me."
Mark admits he wasn't truthful to the police and it was only after they were persistent that he admitted to the abuse he had been suffering.
"In a way I was worried about it getting out and people saying, 'Oh, he's been beaten up by a woman' and also I loved her."
Hollings was jailed for eight years over the attack.
The police
In a recent government-commissioned report, police forces in England and Wales were criticised for failing to tackle domestic violence.
Theresa May said the report by the HM Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) was "depressing reading".
It found only eight out of 43 forces were responding well to the issue.
Lancashire Constabulary, who dealt with Mark's case, was found to have made the best response to domestic abuse.
Newsbeat gained access to their dedicated domestic violence unit where 38,000 calls come through to the control room every year.
Leanne Lyons and Keziah Harrison work as detective constables within the unit. They interview dangerous offenders and safeguard victims.
Leanne says: "We go out and spend time with our victims. We're not in uniform so it's not as formal as it once was.
"We need to be friendly so people can approach us.
"When it comes to domestic violence, people should recognise it isn't just about partners. It's family. It's mothers and children, fathers and children, brothers and sisters.
"Not everybody wants to go through prosecution and we accept and understand that."
The women say they deal with many teenagers.
"We know relationships are starting from a younger age where they're all loved up but there are warning signs that they should be aware of.
"If anybody makes you feel intimidated and bullied, we encourage victims to jot it all down in a diary and to talk to their friends."
Keziah says: "Victims are too scared to come forward because of the consequences. It's easier to deny what's happening to keep things normal in the household.
"If they are referring to help lines, it's important they know they can disclose things to others if they're not ready to come to the police."
Campaigners
Harry Fletcher, head of the Digital Trust which deals with online abuse, helped to draw up the amendment.
He says: "Coercive control has caused psychological damage to victims. This new amendment will mean police will have the power to investigate the totality of behaviour."
"It will increase victims' confidence in the system and lead to more successful prosecutions."
Polly Neate, Chief Executive of Women's Aid, says: "The government's announcement of a new domestic violence law is a significant first step towards protecting women experiencing domestic violence.
"We welcome the home secretary's announcement that the government will criminalise the patterns of coercive, controlling, and psychologically abusive behaviour which lie at the heart of the abuse so many women experience.
"We hope this new law will lead to a real culture change, so that every woman experiencing control can get the support she needs to break free safely."
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
Nurx allows patients to request a prescription without having to see a doctor in bid to reduce stigma surrounding preventative drug, founder says
A San Francisco startup described as an “Uber for birth control” is expanding its services to offer Truvada for PrEP, a daily pill that has been shown to be more than 90% effective in reducing HIV infection from sex.
From Tuesday, Nurx will allow patients in California to obtain a prescription for PrEP (which stands for pre-exposure prophylaxis) through a mobile app without having to see a doctor.
“It's really difficult for people who want PrEP to get PrEP,” said Hans Gangeskar, one of Nurx's co-founder. He cited stigma and a lack of information as a reason for the lack of widespread adoption of PrEP, as well as a shortage of doctors who will prescribe the drug.
Nurx's streamlines the process by allowing patients to request a prescription and fill out a health survey through the app. The information is then reviewed by a doctor, remotely, who will decide whether or not the patient is a good candidate for PrEP.
A patient must complete blood tests for HIV and renal function prior to receiving his prescription. But Nurx is experimenting with sending a phlebotomist in an Uber to the patient's home to draw their blood, making the process as quick and easy as possible.
Gangeskar said: “PrEP has been available for three years, and the CDC [Center for Disease Control] says people should be taking it, but they aren't.”
In November, the CDC issued a report finding that more than 1.2 million people in the US should be taking PrEP, whereas only about 21,000 peopleare currently taking it. The CDC recommends PrEP for people at “very high risk” of HIV infection, which includes about one in four men who have sex with men, one in five adults who inject drugs, and one in 200 sexually active heterosexual adults.
Gankeskar says the company has focused on PrEP and birth control because “these are both failures of the current healthcare system”: medications that are not as widely available as they should be to the populations who need them. According to the CDC, a third of primary care doctors and nurses heave never even heard about PrEP.
Nurx's doctors can communicate with patients, either by phone or text, but Gangeskar says that reducing the human interaction between doctor and patient can actually improve the standard of care, because people are more honest if they don't feel judged.
“People have concerns about going to the doctor and talking about anal sex or having to justify not using condoms,” he said. “You're able to ask questions that you wouldn't ask face to face.”
Robert Grant, a professor of medicine at the University of California, San Francisco, who led the first clinical train for HIV PrEP, signed on as a volunteer adviser to Nurx when he learned about the startup. “I like that Nurx makes PrEP available to people who may be afraid of doctors or may be afraid of the judgment that they've experienced from doctors,” he said. “We need to work to make medical services as friendly as possible and try to eliminate the shaming that comes with going to the doctor.”
You'd be forgiven for looking at a pigeon and straining to believe that its ancestors were dinosaurs. This is a creature, after all, that descended from some of the finest killing machines evolution has ever produced to now drink gutter water and assault old people for bread crumbs. But millions of years before birds were bumming for handouts in parks, they had risen right to the top of the food chain. In fact, they filled the vacated niches of their menacing theropod forebears like Velociraptor.
These are the terror birds: scrappy, powerful critters that drove their enormous hooked beaks through small mammals as easily as that guy who put a pickax through my crazy uncle's skull in a bar fight that one time (he survived, and no, I'm not even kidding). The 18 known species, the tallest growing to a staggering 10 feet tall, didn't bother with flying, instead opting to chase down all those creatures that had only just thrown their good-riddance-to-the-massive-carnivorous-dinosaurs party. The poor things woke up with a hangover, and the hangover was the terror bird.
It was 60 million years ago in South America, which had not yet joined with its northern counterpart, where the terror birds rose to power in isolation as apex predators. Even given their success, their fossils are fragmentary and extremely rare, according to paleontologist Luis Chiappe, who in 2007 described the titanic, strangely boxy noggin of the biggest terror bird ever: Kelenken, named after the fearsome bird spirit of Patagonia's native Tehuelche people.
To the best of paleontologists' knowledge, terror birds weren't see-through. But then again, no one has definitively disproved that they were see-through. Image: Stephanie Abramowicz, Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County
“It's the largest known skull for terror birds,” he said. “As a matter of fact, it's the largest known bird skull, period. It's about two-and-a-half feet long, an enormous, colossal beast with a very big hook at the end of the beak like an eagle.”
From fossils like these, paleontologists reckon that terror birds were no crumb-loving pigeons, and not just because there was no bread back then. While a skull can't tell us exactly how it killed, for Chiappe, this is clearly the beak of a carnivore.
“I mean, we know that a little parrot, a cockatoo, can take your finger out,” he said. “Imagine what a bird like this could have done, the damage it could have done with just a strike of this massive skull and beak. So that's obviously one very easy way of imagining this is how these animals killed their prey.”
The terror birds called forests their home, likely lying in wait to ambush the many small mammals that proliferated in South America after the fall of the dinosaurs. But their skulls and beaks probably weren't strong enough to tackle large prey, biomechanical studies have shown. With their massively developed legs, they would have been more than capable of chasing down scampering critters: These were extremely nimble, swift predators, hitting speeds of perhaps 30 mph. (This shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone who has witnessed the surprisingly frantic, not to mention hilarious, way that ostriches run, like giant 40-mph feather dusters having panic attacks.)
The 2.5-foot-long skull of Kelenken, the largest known species of terror bird. That massive hook led *Kelenken'*s prey to disparagingly refer to the predator as "Captain Hook." The terror bird, they knew, was real sore about being rejected from the armed forces, what with its lack of arms. Image: Luis Chiappe, Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County
At the end of terror bird legs were talons, so it could have been that the beasts fired an initial jab with their beaks, then stood on their prey and rapidly shivved it to death. Or perhaps chomped down on their quarry and shook it until its spine snapped.
And we might also look for clues in the terror birds' living cousins, the seriemas, for further speculation. These South American birds are only a couple of feet tall, but are nonetheless adept hunters, snagging lizards and rodents and such with their talons and bashing them on rocks to shatter their bones.
I included this fairly ugly photograph because it's so crummy that it almost makes the terror bird look real, like bigfoot in that grainy video. Also, I like how disgusted this guy is by his creation. Such is the tortured existence of the artist, I suppose. Image: Wikimedia
It's even been suggested that the terror birds weren't terrors at all. Instead, they were full-blown vegetarians, terroir birds, if you will. Last year, German scientists announced the results of a geochemical analysis of terror bird bones, finding that their calcium isotope compositions aligned them more with herbivores than carnivores.
But Chiappe dismisses the notion that such a powerfully built creature was anything but a predator. The terror birds, he argues, sported truly massive heads relative to body size, much like modern eagles and very much unlike modern omnivorous terrestrial birds like emus and ostriches and cassowaries.
“I think that personally you can come up with all these very rather innovative views, but I think that it makes a lot of sense that these animals were predators,” he said. “It's just the same when someone came up with the idea that T. rex was a scavenger. I'm sure they ate dead meals, but I'm sure it killed.”
“Maybe [the terror birds'] bite force was not strong enough,” he added, “maybe they were limited to preying on certain animals, but that doesn't make them in my opinion a non-predatory bird.”
A terror bird freaks right out about how poorly its shadow was drawn. Image: Wikimedia
Whatever their diet, and whatever their methods of feeding, the empire of the terror birds entered a slow decline starting around 4.5 million years ago, when the Central American isthmus formed, joining two heretofore self-contained continents. All those creatures that had evolved in isolation for millions of years now found themselves mingling and schmoozing and shaking hands – with their teeth.
Terror birds made their way up into what is now the southern United States, while North America's top predators – bears and big cats – colonized South America. “So they had to face new competition for the same resources,” said Chiappe, “and that combined with perhaps changes in climate they may not have been able to cope with and that may have impacted their hunting strategies, probably drove them to extinction.”
And so it is that there's never been a bird, no matter how terrifying, that a cat couldn't somehow keep in check. In a way it was a lot like the eternal struggles of Sylvester and Tweety, only with, you know, more murder and fewer speech impediments.
Browse the full Absurd Creature of the Week archive here. Have an animal you want me to write about? Email matthew_simon@wired.com or ping me on Twitter at @mrMattSimon.
References:
Degrange FJ, Tambussi CP, Moreno K, Witmer LM, Wroe S. (2010) Mechanical Analysis of Feeding Behavior in the Extinct “Terror Bird” Andalgalornis steulleti (Gruiformes: Phorusrhacidae). PLoS ONE 5(8): e11856. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0011856
Bertelli, S., Chiappe, L. M., Tambussi, C. P. (2007) A new phorusrhacid (Aves, Cariamae) from the middle Miocene of Patagonia, Argentina. Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 27:409–419.
Rumors circulated through Amsterdam's Jewish community that married men were exempt from labor camp duty. Max Stodel — then known as Mozes or Mauritz — submitted the paperwork necessary to marry his fiancée, Jeannette van Praag. But during the mandatory two-week waiting period, he received orders to report on April 1, 1942, the day of the wedding. Max appealed to the German authorities. He and Jeannette married as planned in a civil ceremony at City Hall, with Jeannette's aunt and Max's brother-in-law serving as witnesses. There was no celebration. The next morning, on April 2 at 7:10 a.m., Max, as ordered by the Germans, boarded a train headed to Kremboong, a labor camp in the northern Netherlands. He was not quite 19 years old.
Max Stodel was born April 12, 1923, in Amsterdam, the youngest of Betje and Izak Stodel's seven children.
Before the war, Max's father worked in a slaughterhouse, curing animal hides with chemicals to make leather. It was low-paying and unstable employment, and the family was poor, living in a modest two-bedroom apartment with six children sharing one bedroom and one sleeping on the couch. Max remembers Shabbat dinners every Friday night.
Growing up, Max lived for soccer and played center half on his Jewish school's team, as well as, later, on a city team. He was always the captain. He also attended a Talmud Torah school, but his family needed money, and in 1937, when he was 14 and eligible for a work permit, Max found a job as a presser at a men's clothing company, working eight hours a day, six days a week.
Then, two years later, Max's mother, who had been ill, died. “I mourned her for a year,” he said.
On May 10, 1940, Germany invaded the Netherlands, and the Dutch surrendered just five days afterward. Max continued to work, as Germany's anti-Jewish measures slowly took effect. Sometime in 1941, Max said, the Germans began picking up Jews off the streets, and life became more treacherous. Max still worked, but, he said, “My father didn't allow me to show my face in the city for luxury.”
When he arrived at Kremboong, Max was one of about 80 prisoners. He dug trenches eight hours a day in nearby farmland, a 20-minute walk. The food was sparse, but the prisoners could buy bread from local farmers.
Then, in July 1942, the Kremboong prisoners were marched an hour or more to Westerbork, a transit camp controlled by the Germans. Max was selected to oversee a group of about 12 men assigned to dig trenches eight hours a day to create the foundation of a morgue. Camp officials, impressed with Max's strength and leadership ability, exempted him from deportation to Auschwitz and other death camps — trains leaving Westerbork were carrying carloads of Jews once each week.
Max's wife, father and aunt were also sent to Westerbork, and on Nov. 16, 1942, with Max's work finished, they were all transported by train to a camp in Annaberg, Germany, and immediately were separated. “That was the last time I saw my father and aunt and first wife,” Max said. After the war, he learned they had been killed at Auschwitz three days later.
Max was taken to another transit camp in Bissingen, Germany, and then, on Dec. 4, 1942, to Blechhammer, a complex that included forced labor camps, prisoner of war camps and chemical factories. Max was assigned to oversee a crew that used a four-wheel cart to transport iron pipes and other building materials to various construction sites. He worked the daytime shift, with a half-day off every other Sunday.
At Blechhammer, he befriended a group of Dutch POWs, who brought him the Dutch newspaper. They also provided cement sacks on which Max secretly wrote notes to his wife's sister and her non-Jewish husband in Holland. They sent back 100 guilders, enabling Max to buy items from other POWs, including bread and a tin of dog fat.
One day, returning to camp from work, with the guilders tucked in the waistband of his pants, Max was stopped for inspection. Max tossed the money on the ground, but a German soldier saw him and slapped Max across the face 25 times and pocketed the money.
Another day, Max came upon a truck delivering bread. He stole a loaf and ran. But a German soldier stopped him, ordered him to drop his pants and gave him 25 lashings with a whip.
On Jan. 21, 1945, Blechhammer was evacuated, with approximately 4,000 prisoners taken on a death march. “We walked for two weeks,” said Max, who had one blanket to fend against the bitter cold, no socks and shoes with wooden soles. The prisoners slept in haystacks at night.
Max walked with two friends. They took turns entering houses en route and stealing bread. When Max's turn came, he stole a pot of potatoes cooking on a stove, sticking the pot under his blanket. A Hitler Youth member saw the steam rising from under Max's blanket and took out his revolver. “Don't shoot,” German civilians shouted at the boy, who put down his gun.
On Feb. 2, the prisoners reached Gross-Rosen, minus 800 killed by SS soldiers on the march. Max was so exhausted he couldn't move. “You cannot imagine what we went through,” he said.
After a short stay at Gross-Rosen, Max and the other prisoners were put in open cattle cars, with bombs falling around them, and taken to Buchenwald.
Outside his barracks in Buchenwald, Max saw hundreds of bodies piled up, some stacks five bodies high. “They couldn't bury them fast enough,” he said.
The prisoners were transferred to Klein Mangersdorf and then loaded on a cattle car to Dachau, where they waited six hours for an engine. Next they were taken to Salach, a village in southern Germany, where they remained in the cars. One night they were brought individual Red Cross packages. “There were chocolates, cigarettes, you name it,” Max said.
The next evening the prisoners were let out of the train to get water. A German soldier said to Max, “We're taking you to the Americans.” Max reported the conversation to the prisoners in his car, who started to pray.
The next day, American soldiers liberated the prisoners and rounded up the 50 or so German guards. It was April 30, 1945. Max had recently turned 22.
He returned to Amsterdam in May 1945 to live with his sister-in-law and brother-in-law. From his own family, only Max and one nephew survived.
At a Jewish community dance, Max met Sara Carles, and they married on Nov. 28, 1946. They had one daughter, Betty Sofia.
Max and his family left Holland on May 8, 1956, and, after a short stay in Trenton, N.J., they came to Los Angeles on Aug. 16, 1956. They lived in Culver City, and Max worked as a presser until he retired in 1977, at 53.
Sara died on Sept. 2, 2010. Max then cared for Sara's sister, Klara Halberstadt, who lived at the Palm Court retirement community in Culver City. She died in January 2013.
Nowadays, Max, 90, rides his bike four mornings a week to Culver City's Senior Center, where he plays pool. He also spends time with his daughter and speaks daily with his grandson, who lives in Singapore.
“They asked me how come I came back. There is no answer,” Max said. “I cannot say because I did, or because I did not. I cannot say it. Nobody can say it.”
On Wednesday, Judge Frederick Weisberg handed climate scientist Michael Mann a potentially significant victory in his defamation suit against Mark Steyn, National Review, Rand Simberg, and the Competitive Enterprise Institute. In a relatively brief order, Judge Weisberg denied the defendants' motions to dismiss and lifted the stay on discovery in the suit. He explained:
Opinions and rhetorical hyperbole are protected speech under the First Amendment. Arguably, several of defendants' statements fall into these protected categories. Some of the defendants' statements, however, contain what could reasonably be understood as assertions of fact. Accusing a scientist of conducting his research fraudulently, manipulating his data to achieve a predetermined or political outcome, or purposefully distorting the scientific truth are factual allegations. They go to the heart of scientific integrity. They can be proven true or false. If false, they are defamatory. If made with actual malice, they are actionable. Viewing the allegations of the amended complaint in the light most favorable to the plaintiff, a reasonable finder of fact is likely to find in favor of the plaintiff
For reasons I explained here, I am skeptical of this result. Judge Combs-Greene's opinion was unpersuasive (and error-ridden) and Judge Weisberg — insofar as he adopted the same reasoning — is similarly mistaken. (Note, however, that Judge Weisberg did not claim he was bound by Judge Combs-Greene's conclusions under the law of the case doctrine.) The statements at issue — however wrongheaded or outrageous — constituted protected expressions of opinion. Berkeley's Dan Farber, who is undoubtedly less sympathetic to the defendants than am I, likewise believes the comments at issue were protected speech.
At this point, the defendants — or most of them, at least — are likely to renew their effort to seek interlocutory review. There is some question whether review of a denial of a motion to dismiss under D.C.'s anti-SLAPP statute is available, but the defendants will take their shot — and will almost certainly get renewed support from amici. The last time around, their effort was supported by the ACLU, Reporters Committee for the Freedom of the Press (joined by several more media organizations), and the District of Columbia.
I expect Simberg, CEI, and NR to pursue this course. I'm not so sure about Steyn. Steyn and NR have had some differences of late and they've terminated their joint representation. (Judge Weisberg granted the lawyers' permission to withdraw on January 8.) Steyn is now critical of his lawyers' approach to the case and, at least for the moment, is representing himself. (You know what they say about the lawyer who represents himself, but Steyn is not a lawyer.)
On Tuesday Steyn filed a flowery motion on his own behalf assailing Judge Combs-Greene's handling of the case (what he calls a “procedural fiasco”), seeking to withdraw from motions previously filed on his behalf, and and suggesting that he's done with any more procedural wrangling in this case. Steyn apparently wants the judge to dismiss the case or get on with a trial. The filing may have made for a fun blog post, but I doubt it was helpful to his case. The sort of rhetoric that drives web traffic is not particularly effective in court. Then again, perhaps that's Steyn's hope. As he concludes his latest post:
The lesson of the last year is that you win a free-speech case not by adopting a don't-rock-the-boat, keep-mum, narrow procedural posture but by fighting it in the open, in the bracing air and cleansing sunlight of truth and justice.
UPDATE: More reactions from Steyn here and here.
[Note: I've updated some links in this post and added a disclosure below. JHA]
DISCLOSURE: As I noted in prior posts on this case (before the blog moved), I am a contributing editor at National Review Online, which means I have a fancier byline when I submit articles to them and occasionally contribute to The Corner and Bench Memos. It is not a salaried position. I also worked at CEI from 1991-2000 — many years before the events at issue in this litigation.
The oldest winger in town: Rugby player vows to keep on playing after scoring try on his NINETIETH birthday
Easton Roy is known as 'the oldest winger in town'
Grandfather has played for Stirling County RFC every week for 60 years
The former roofer is thought to be the world's oldest rugby player
With its bone-crunching tackles, and fast-paced action, rugby is one of the world's toughest games.
But trying telling that to grandfather Easton Roy who has pledged to keep on playing - just days after scoring a try on his ninetieth birthday.
Affectionately known as 'the oldest winger in town', Mr Roy has played for Stirling County RFC every week for 60 years.
Fit as a fiddle: Easton Roy, pictured centre, has pledged to keep on playing rugby - just days after scoring a try on his 90th birthday
Tough: The pensioner is affectionately known as 'the oldest winger in town'
He was a first team star from 1947 to 1973 and only thought about hanging up his boots after taking part in the prestigious Golden Oldies World Cup in 2008 - at the age of 85.
At the weekend, t he superfit granddad turned the clock back to play a match as part of his ninetieth birthday celebrations.
Now he aims to turn out in County's famous red, black and white hoops again.
He said: 'I had a great ninetieth birthday, and the highlight was pulling on my Stirling County strip and playing rugby again.
'I'm limping a bit now, but you have to remember I haven't played since I was 85.
'I keep fit - I've got a gym at home and I go jogging and do yoga, but it's different to play rugby.
Dedicated: Mr Roy has played for Stirling County RFC every week for 60 years
Healthy: Mr Roy enjoys keeping fit by jogging and doing yoga
'I wasn't sure I'd last the pace as the other players were younger than me - I played with some of their fathers in the County first team in the 1950s, 60s and 70s.
'But I'd like to play on if I can. After the match I cleaned my boots and washed and pressed my shirt, then packed them back in to my kit bag so they'll be ready.'
Saturday's match at Stirling County's Bridgehaugh home, was arranged after Mr Roy revealed his birthday wish.
He scored his side's try in a 5-5 draw against a team of County players and stalwarts aged from their 20s to 60s.
The former roofer, thought by many to be the world's oldest rugby player, began playing when he joined the RAF during World War Two.
He began his 60-year playing career at Stirling County after he returned home, and starred for the first team for 27 years.
He later played for County's 2nd and 3rd XVs before turning out for the club's 'Wolfhounds' and several other 'old crocks' teams.
Sporty: The former roofer is thought by many to be the world's oldest rugby player
Fit: Mr Roy trains every morning to keep himself in shape
He was active behind the scenes at County when Scotland international Kenny Logan was starting his career at the club.
Mr Roy , who was also a champion RAF boxer, was a star of the over-35s Golden Oldies World Cup at Murrayfield in 2008.
His team, the Baggy Pipers, took on a side containing Scotland legend and former Lions skipper Gavin Hastings.
The same year he was honoured with a 'local hero' Stirling civic award at Stirling Castle for his contribution to sport.
His daughter Sheila, 58, said today: 'My dad trains every morning and if someone organises another game for him he'll be up for it.
'He's always been very sporty - he was a champion boxer and rower too - but rugby is very much his game. He loves to get together with the boys.'
The Scotland Rugby Union honoured Mr Roy with a public birthday message at half time during Saturday's Six Nations defeat to Wales.
Former Stirling County and Scotland hero Kenny Logan said: 'Easton's a real character at Stirling County.
'When I was in the first team he'd watch me play and speak to me afterwards.
'Everyone at Stirling County knows him, and he's well-loved by young and old.
'I got the chance to play in a game with Easton once, when he was in his seventies.
'I presented him with the Scotland shirt I'd worn against Ireland the previous day as I thought that would be his last game - I never thought he'd still be playing at 90.
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
For weeks, organizers of the petition drive calling for a referendum on the streetcar have emphasized the grass-roots nature of the effort. After all, as Chris Kliesmet of the CRG Network, which is organizing the petition drive, put it: “the sentiment in the city is wildly against” the streetcar.
Kliesmet laughed off the idea that the effort was getting any funding from conservative groups outside the city. They've received “no funding” nor was any on the horizon, he assured me. Republican PR operative Craig Peterson, also involved in the petition drive, said he had paid personally for anti-streetcar radio ads and not one dollar of support (“No. None at all”) was coming to the group from elsewhere.
But in answer to my email inquiry,, state director of the Koch brothers-funded Americans for Prosperity, told me his group is quite involved in the effort: “We have been educating the public on the why the streetcar is wrong for Milwaukee since the mayor started on this project. Now we are working on pushing the referendum to allow the people of Milwaukee to decide the fate of the streetcar.”
When I pressed for more detail, Fladeboe said, “Our field teams are working with several coalition partners to gather the required signatures to have a referendum in Milwaukee. We have both paid staff and volunteers working on this project.”
How many paid staff, how much money is being spent? I asked. Fladeboe did not respond.
When I confronted Kliesmet about this, he conceded that he did contact Fladenoe asking him to contact AFP members in Milwaukee. And come to think of it, Kliesmet had met a staffer of AFP and “I'm pretty sure the guy is paid staff.” And yes, a petition organizer was spending money on sponsored Facebook posts, but this would not be paid for by AFP, Kliesmet assured me. “CRG is paying for it,” he said.
The AFP was also involved in a past anti-streetcar effort by Ald. Bob Donovan. Back in August 2012 he announced a drive to get the signatures of streetcar opponents, even including those who lived in the suburbs. Luke Hilgemann, who now serves as Executive CEO of the AFP nationally, attended the press conference to promote an anti-streetcar online petition. The effort ultimately went nowhere.
Koch Industries is heavily involved in oil and gas production, and the billionaire Koch Brothers have generously funded the Americans for Prosperity (with $122 million annual budget, according its most recent federal tax form) and the Americans for Prosperity Foundation ($25 million annual budget). The Wisconsin chapter, it appears, is part of national group and not separately incorporated.
An anti-transit campaign in Nashville was funded by the Koch Brothers and the advocacy group they fund, the Americans for Prosperity. The AFP also fought mass transit in Indiana and opposed the streetcar in San Antonio, as I've previously reported.
“Almost no issue appears to be too small for the Kochs' activists,” a story in the Huffington Post noted. “Americans for Prosperity jumped into an Iron County board of supervisors election in northern Wisconsin to attack candidates opposed to an iron ore mine. The group also flexed its organizing muscle over a 1.75 percent food and beverage tax in Fremont, Nebraska, to fund emergency capital improvement projects and a 1 percent tax increase in Gahanna, Ohio, to prevent cuts to the local police force.”
The Wisconsin branch of the AFP shows up as a lobbyist in records compiled by the Government Accountability Board. Fladeboe has already registered as a lobbyist on the proposed right-to-work bill. And for the prior biennial budget, 2013-2014, the AFP spent just over $100,000 on five lobbyists, including Fladeboe, Hilgemann, Robert Seitz, Thomas Fonfara and Sean Lansing. Much of the lobbying was on the mining bill, but overall the group lobbied on 20 different legislative bills with a wide of range of subjects.
In short, the group is very involved in Wisconsin politics.
Back when Kliesmet was touting the grassroots purity of the drive, he said his group's goal was to get the targeted 35,000 signatures and present them to the Common Council at their meeting on January 21st. Now he concedes that won't happen. The new goal to complete all signatures is February 8, he says.
The group, however, wanted to get its request for a referendum before voters in the spring election on April 7. Under the law, this would mean the petitions must be completed by 70 days before the election — and that's around February 1. That seems to rule out the possibility of the measure being voted on in April and would push this to the next election, in February 2016. That would come a year after the Common Council's vote on the streetcar project, and probably many months after the project broke ground. The issue would be moot by then.
The curious question is why Donovan and Ald. Joe Davis waited so long to launch a petition drive requiring a referendum to approve any rail transit project of $20 million or more and to enlist the help of CRG network, given that the council voted in favor of the streetcar project way back in July 2011. In the case of Davis, the answer is obvious: back then he still supported rail transit, as he had for many years. He made the flip-flop in his position around the time he announced an interest in running for mayor.
In the case of Donovan, he faced a tough 2012 reelection in a district with an increasing population of Latinos, and was considered anything but a shoo-in for reelection. He might have feared making the streetcar a lightning rod issue that would rile up opposition to him. As soon as he was re-elected, he was all over the issue, but only recently has he hit on the idea (if it was his idea) of going directly to voters to demand a referendum on all rail transit
Whatever the reason for his delays, he made this petition drive, from a timing standpoint, almost impossible to accomplish.
Urban Milwaukee Streetcar Coverage
Fair update today, quite a lot of fixes in this update, and some more work on vassalisation, probably the best things added today are the ability to squeeze more money out of your independent vassals and the grand champion score no longer fluctuating to the point no badass champions ever last in the arena! Hope you guys enjoy it
* Fixed names crash bug
* Sell menu bug fixed
* Fixed not enough gold issue with peasant recruitment
* Changed exit to end your turn for clarity
* Block independent arena and slave post being accesible when non-existant (credit u/asideofapplesauce)
* Fixed indepedent kingdoms gaining only one lands worth of income per turn
* Added gain more gold from vassals
* Heads and tails northern tent now kills you (credit u/asideofapplesauce)
* Fixed grand champion battlescore changing (credit u/iamlenb)
* Vassilisation status now shown on attack screen
* Vassilisation status now takes priority over alliance status on diplomacy screen
* Fixed game crash Hobogoblin bug
* Added ability to adjust the amount of money your vassal pays you in tribute each turn
* Added relation drop chance for vassals with high tribute rate
* Fixed typo on main screen (credit u/Beware_The_Sketch and u/VedVid)
* Removed excess line from vassal screens
* Added 12 roof tiles to the game
Advertisements
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - The North Carolina Attorney General's office said it would not defend a new state law being challenged in federal court by opponents who say it discriminates against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
A person walks across a rainbow pedestrian crossing on a road in West Hollywood, United States, June 26, 2015. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Attorney General Roy Cooper, a Democrat who is running for governor this year, on Tuesday called the measure shameful and unconstitutional. It requires transgender people to use bathrooms that match the gender on their birth certificate rather than the one with which they identify.
“Not only is this new law a national embarrassment, it will set North Carolina's economy back if we don't repeal it,” Cooper said at a news conference.
Senate Leader Phil Berger, a Republican, fired back with a statement calling for Cooper to resign from office for refusing to defend the state against the lawsuit.
“His zeal for pandering for the extreme left's money and agenda in his race for governor is making it impossible for him to fulfill his duties as attorney general,” Berger said.
Advocacy groups sued North Carolina on Monday in response to state lawmakers' repeal last week of a Charlotte city ordinance that would have allowed bathroom choice based on gender identity.
The Republican-dominated legislature and Governor Pat McCrory also have come under fire from major corporations and the White House for the measure, which was introduced, passed and signed into law during a one-day special session.
The law prohibits local governments from enacting anti-discrimination protections based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
Cooper said the measure conflicted with the nondiscrimination policy adopted by his office in 2001 that extended protections based on sexual orientation and marital status.
Cooper, who was first elected attorney general in 2000 and is now running against McCrory, advised the governor and legislature to scrap the law.
“Discrimination is wrong, period,” Cooper said.
The producers of Fractale have reportedly forced Funimation to pull the English language simulcast until they completely wipe out the wicked scourge of fansubbing.
Fractale was initially scheduled to air an English subtitled version at the same time as the Japanese broadcasts, airing even before most of Japan got to see the anime.
However, in spite of the legal option, fansubbers chose to show off their famed sense of ethics by ripping off the stream and illegally distributing it themselves.
The Fractale production committee decided this was unacceptable and ordered Funimation to cancel the English version, with no resumption in sight.
Funimation explains:
“We are disappointed that this series has been distributed illegally, and we're actively working to remove the first episode from illegal streaming and downloading sites; we've got a dedicated anti-piracy team in place that works on controlling all of our simulcast material. However, our Japanese partners for this series have decided that since this episode is currently uncontrolled and is available illegally in all territories, they don't want the episode online.”
Oddly, the episode is freely available on Japanese P2P sites yet the production committee has not demanded that Japanese TV stations cease showing the anime until they wipe out the scourge of domestic piracy.
Nor does it seem this kind of heavy-handed and unrealistic response will be anything but counter-productive, as it assures 100% illegal distribution and demands the impossible of Funimation.
2ch is uncharacteristically understanding:
“I don't know about all this stuff, but don't these people know the unsubtitled version is available all over the place?” “That's beside the point!” “But aren't all this anime uploaded by Japanese in the first place?” “You're saying it's the fault of the Japanese all this anime are being uploaded!?” “This thread is pretty funny. To the right-wingers, there is no such thing as a Japanese person who commits crimes, is there?” “Well, Japanese can watch it without having to dirty their hands with crime.” “In Japan, the people who can only watch this on satellite stations have to wait 40 days for the broadcast – I think some of them won't wait that long, you know.” “Is there any anime the fansubbers don't pirate? Those dirty foreign pirates get to watch this stuff before someone who lives in the regions like me.” “Didn't the same thing happen with Ore no Imouto?” “Futile. Japanese will just up it to Chinese sites and then the Koreans share it with everyone else.” “As long as China exists this is pointless.” “The Chinese have it up and subbed 2-3 hours after broadcast. They are very organised. They have Chinese exchange students in Japan to arrange it with too.” “If the Japanese government is so desperate to increase anime exports they should be demanding action from other governments, shouldn't they?” “Right… those crazy fansubbers think they aren't doing anything wrong.” “They just need to insert more ads into them. Like a protagonist with a Pizza Hut tattoo on his arm – then the extra distribution would be welcomed.” “They already do that, not that it has any effect.” “I live in the regions myself. Seeing all those hairy foreigners getting to watch the anime first is really disagreeable. And on top of that they act as if they are the saviours of anime, they're despicable.” “You'd think they'd promote the legal version whilst quietly working on eliminating the illegal versions at the same time… Stopping the legal version at the same time is pretty dangerous.” “The legal broadcasts are the only way to halt pervasive illegal distribution. If they stop the legal broadcast, then they're only going to increase the number of illegal broadcasts. Are these people idiots?” “If you stop the legal broadcast the illegal distribution will increase. What a moronic decision.”
"You can't be serious ... can you?"
How will Romney respond? The Romney campaign has given some broad hints lately. First, the campaign has carefully scrutinized Romney's entire record at Bain and believes it is a strongly positive one overall. But that is the big picture -- there are individual instances in which Bain investments failed. Given that, look for the Romney campaign and its surrogates to counterattack by focusing on an instance in which Barack Obama, in essence, took over a company and laid people off in an effort to save the larger enterprise. That was, of course, the auto bailouts, and while Obama often cites his success in "saving" the car industry, few remember today how many (non-union) workers lost their jobs in the Obama administration's handling of the matter.
"In the general election, I'll be pointing out that the president took the reins of General Motors and Chrysler, closed factories, closed dealerships, laid off thousands and thousands of workers. He did it to try to save the business," Romney said on CBS's "This Morning." "We also had the occasion to do things that are tough to try to save a business," Romney said. "We started a number of businesses, invested in many others and, overall, created tens of thousands of jobs."
Byron York previews how Romneyland will respond to the Obama campaign's Bain attack:As crazy as that argument sounds, York may very well be right. In fact, earlier this year, it's exactly the case that Romney himself made:As Greg Sargent points out , this is a really strange argument for Romney to make: His goal was profit, not job creation. That's not inherently bad; Romney was a private citizen. But it's not at all like what Obama did, which was tried to save an industry that had been crippled thanks to a private sector run amok.
The biggest problem with Romney's counterattack, however, is that while everybody agrees that saving the auto industry was a good thing—hell, Romney himself is even trying to take credit for it—nobody in their right mind thinks it was good for the economy when Mitt Romney and Bain Capital made millions of dollars while putting GST Steel out of business. People don't have a problem with successful businessmen: They just don't like it when somebody like Mitt Romney makes huge profits while destroying companies.
To put it simply: The auto industry is still here, GST Steel isn't. Mitt Romney got rich from what he did, President Obama didn't. That's not a contrast that works well for Mitt Romney. And even if it weren't such a bad contrast, even if the core analogy that Romney is trying to make actually held up to scrutiny, he'd still be saying that President Obama did the right thing by saving the American auto industry. And that would raise another question: If Mitt Romney thinks President Obama is doing such a good job, why is he running the first place?
This publication is available in Web form and also as a PDF document . Please forward any comments to tcc-doc@nmt.edu .
Describes a module in the Python programming language that implements a “skip list”, a data structure for storing and retrieving sorted elements in O(log n) time.
1. Why skip lists?
A skip list is a data structure for representing an ordered set of objects so that insertion and retrieval take minimal time.
This ingenious data structure was described in:
Pugh, William. Skip lists: a probabilistic alternative to balanced trees. In: Communications of the ACM, June 1990, 33(6)668-676.
Like balanced tree structures, skip lists support search whose time complexity varies as the log of the number of elements. However, compared to 2-3 trees and other tree-oriented techniques, skip lists require much simpler algorithms and much less storage overhead within the data structure.
There is also a probabilistic element in the construction of a skip list that makes it an interesting example of the use of randomness in algorithms.
Since its highly-anticipated premiere in September 2004, ABC's LOST has revolutionized primetime television, bringing big-screen adventures home with a powerful story of survival. Attracting a massive fan following and huge critical acclaim, LOST has already become a pop culture phenomenon. Now, celebrating television's most original and creative series, Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment proudly debuts Lost: The Complete Sixth and Final Season and Lost: The Complete Collection – both on Blu-ray and DVD, August 24.
With the release of Lost: The Complete Sixth and Final Season, audiences can relive every episode in the
landmark final season, as the fate of each character and answers to long-pondered mysteries from the previous seasons, are revealed. In addition, the Blu-ray and DVD releases contain hours of never-before-seen bonus footage including deleted scenes; bloopers; an often emotional featurette where cast, crew, writers, producers and other Hollywood notables discuss ending the acclaimed series; a much-anticipated new chapter of the island's story from Executive Producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse; and much more.
An epic box set for the ultimate LOST fan, Lost: The Complete Collection is a fantastic icon-clad, secret-
laden, Blu-ray and DVD box set containing every episode, from all six seasons. Additionally, the elaborate
release includes over 30 hours of bonus material (from every season), plus one full disc of bonus exclusive to the collection, containing a fascinating array of all-new behind-the-scenes featurettes; documentaries; and a series of unique tours of Oahu with many of the cast as they reflect anecdotes, experiences and emotions of working on the series and living on the island; and more (see page 3 for content descriptions).
“…TV's most gripping serial.” – The Boston Globe
Lost follows the lives of crash survivors of Oceanic Airlines flight 815, on a mysterious and apparently supernatural tropical island. Their survival is continuously jeopardized by inexplicable entities, including a polar bear, an unseen monster that wanders the jungle and the island's malicious occupants known as the “Others”. Forced to depend on each other to endure, the diverse group of survivors is bound by menacing secrets and complicated interrelationships, with the truth behind each character slowly revealed through the seasons. The series regularly stars Matthew Fox (Jack Shephard), Evangeline Lilly (Kate Austen), Josh Holloway (James ‘Sawyer” Ford), Naveen Andrews (Sayid Jarrah), Jorge Garcia (Hugo ‘Hurley' Reyes), Terry O'Quinn (John Locke), Michael Emerson (Ben Linus), Daniel Dae Kim (Jin Kwon), Yunjin Kim (Sun Kwon), Nester Carbonell (Richard Alpert) and Emile de Ravin (Claire Littleton).
LOST: THE COMPLETE SIXTH AND FINAL SEASON – Contents
• Every Sixth Season Episode
• Bloopers and Deleted Scenes
• Audio Commentaries accompany four episodes (LA X, Dr. Linus, Ab Aeterno and Across The Sea)
• The End: Crafting A Final Season – Join the LOST team along with other producers of some of
television's longest running shows as they examine the challenges of ending a landmark series.
• A Hero's Journey – What makes a hero? Which survivors of Oceanic 815 are true heroes? These
questions and more are explored.
• See You In Another Life, Brotha – Unlocks the mysteries of this season's intriguing flash sideways.
• ‘LOST on Location' – Behind-the-scenes featurette showcasing stories from the set, including all-new
interviews with actors and crew.
• PLUS: A LOST Blu-ray & DVD exclusive – Go deeper into the world of LOST with a much-anticipated
new chapter of the island's story from Executive Producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse.
DVD SRP: US – $59.99/Canada – $79.99
Blu-ray: US – $79.99/Canada – $94.99
LOST: THE COMPLETE COLLECTION – Contents
• Every Episode in the Series (Seasons 1 through 6)
• Over 30hrs of Season 1-6 Bonus materials (previously released materials from Season 1-5 and the all-new Season 6 bonus material)
• A unique series of featurettes that takes viewers on very personal tours of Oahu where the series was created, with key cast and crew as they reflect.
• Exploring the global phenomenon that is Lost, bonus showcases events ranging from the series cast and crew at San Diego's famed Comic-Con convention to international voice recordings, local events and even fan parties, all of which helped make the show into a worldwide favorite.
• A closer look at some of the props with cast, writers and producers, exploring their significance, stories and emotional ties to the characters.
• Humorous yet emotional look at every character who died on the series
• 16 hilarious Lost “Slapdowns” featurettes showcasing celebrity Lost fans who confront Executive Producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse to ask press questions about the final season, including the Muppets and cast members Nestor Carbonell, Michael Emerson, Rebecca Mader and more.
The exciting collectible packaging also includes: a Special Edition collectible ‘Senet' Game as seen in Season Six, a custom LOST island replica, an exclusive episode guide, a collectible Ankh, and a black light penlight.
DVD SRP: US – $229.99/Canada – $234.99
Blu-ray: US – $279.99/Canada – $319.99
Following the final episode of Gintama's fourth season Gintama° on Wednesday, the season received an average score of 9.33 and became the new highest rated anime on MyAnimeList. Shortly afterward, MyAnimeList added the currently unannounced sequel its database, which immediately shot up to number one with a perfect 10.0 average based on 13,000 ratings.
MyAnimeList administrator Ketsunoana told our reporters, “While Sunrise technically hasn't announced another season of Gintama yet, they were totally teasing it with the final endcard saying the battle will continue, so we felt justified adding a page for it. Plus, come on, it's Gintama, it always comes back. We're tentatively calling the season Gintama ∞§¶∆ø: Enchousen, but we'll change it whenever they announce the actual stupid punctuation at the end of the title.”
Fans are already publishing reviews declaring the next season of Gintama to be the greatest anime ever.
“Sorachi has announced that the Gintama manga is going to end in 2016, which means the next season of Gintama is bound to be the final one. That means it's going to be the best one, which I can say with complete confidence even though I've read none of the manga. Honestly I don't know why we even bother with other anime, Gintama's basically all you need. 10/10.”
Reviews have affirmed that the next season of Gintama will greatly outshine the others. “I know the next season of Gintama is going to be amazing based on the last cour of this season, which threw out all of that boring comedy from earlier seasons and focused on the thing that Gintama's always really been about: serious drama. Thank goodness they didn't adapt all those other comedy chapters, if the next season is entirely dramatic monologuing and fight scenes Gintama will finally reach perfection.”
While Sunrise have not formally announced the final season of Gintama yet, they did announce several Gintama OVAs coming out soon with the hope of finally claiming all the spots in the MyAnimeList top 10.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Connie Berchem (Photo provided by Connie Berchem to WBTV)
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Connie Berchem (Photo provided by Connie Berchem to WBTV)
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (WBTV) - A transgender woman is speaking out about an email she received from a state representative and member of the Republican National Committee who co-sponsored House Bill Two, which says she has a "mental disorder."
Connie Berchem lives in Buncombe County but recently emailed 70 state legislators hoping to see the bill repealed.
WBTV spoke with Berchem Thursday afternoon.
"People think we are looking for transgender rights, we're looking for extra rights. The thing is we're just looking for our civil rights that were taken away from us when they passed a discriminatory bill," she said.
Berchem described most of the responses she received as positive, with the exception of an email from District 55 Representative Mark Brody, who represents Union and Anson counties.
The message reads:
Dear Connie. I cannot speak professionally but can only repeat what professionals say about what you are going through. I believe it is called Gender Dysphoria, I hope I got the spelling right, and am saddened by the fact that North Carolina doesn't provide the help you need to readjust from the mental disorder you suffer with. It appears that allowing you to use a bathroom, locker room or shower of your choice only reinforces the disorder not helps to correct it. As compassionate legislator I seek to help people who are suffering. If you are willing I can investigate promoting legislation to help those who suffer from this disorder and with your help can work to alleviate the pain and suffering caused by this disorder. I'm willing to help if you are willing to be helped and help others. Mark.
"Representative Brody took it upon himself to send me such a harsh criticism back to me telling me I have this disorder and how sorry he feels for me," Berchem said.
Brody told WBTV he stands by the email sent to Berchem.
"Apparently the transgender community, as well as the LBGT (sic) community is all in arms. They believe I referenced everybody," he said. "I didn't. My letter was strictly to one person over one event. But I stand by that."
Berchem, who transitioned from male to female in 2009, wants Brody to understand being transgender is not a mental disorder.
"I'd just like him to show some compassion. I'd like him to listen to the majority of constituents in his district. I think he needs to listen to the majority of people in the state of North Carolina," she said.
But compassion is exactly what Brody says he was showing to Berchem when he sent the email. He says he wants to help her.
"It tears my heart apart when I see that kind of thing and I see these folks also suffering," he said. "She has her opinion and I have my opinion and obviously, never the two will meet."
Last night in my perusal of my favorite news sites, I came across this article on Huffington Post about how the 112th House Rapepublicans failed American women by letting the Violence Against Women Act expires for the first time since it was passed in 1994. VAWA provides, among other very important legal protections, funding for rape crisis centers. While they were at it they also effectively killed this bill that would have allocated funds to finally get around to processing the backlog of 400,000 untested forensic rape kits to help identify and prosecute rapists. I don't get it. Do they think Republican women don't get raped?
Last night I also read this extremely disturbing article about a gang rape case involving a high school football team in Steubenville, Ohio where the “accused” rapists “allegedly” used a variety of social social media outlets to brag about their crime, including “reportedly” posting a 12 minute video about it on YouTube where they callously and repeatedly referred to the victim as a dead girl. So far it seems not a whole lot has been done about this crime in the town of Steubenville, because everyone knows fine upstanding gentlemen on the football team would never commit a crime like that, right? And most likely none of this would even be news at all were it not for Anonymous uncovering and releasing the video, or this blogger who was sued by one of the football players for defamation of character (hence my rampant use of of terms like “alleged” and “reportedly”, because in America you are innocent until proven guilty, unless of course you're a rape victim and then you're just a drunk slut who was asking for it). At least when our elected officials fail us, we still have Anonymous.
I painfully watched this entire 12-minute video because I knew that 22 years ago I was that “dead girl” and a couple groups of fine upstanding high school boys much like these had the same conversations about me. Twice. I watched it because I needed to understand why, what goes through the mind of boys you think are your friends when they pre-meditatively plan and execute raping you and then harass you afterwards? I don't know if I got the answers I was looking for and I can't help but wonder what difference it would have made if Facebook and smart phones existed when I was a teenager except a whole lot more harassment. The overwhelming evidence doesn't seem to be helping this poor girl much in the face of a misogynistic country more concerned with football than public safety, unless of course we're talking about Muslim terrorists, then by all means pull out the big guns! Save us GOP!
And then last night I also came across a whole flood of global media coverage of women protesting about a gang rape in India, including this article by Naomi Wolf about ending India's rape culture. How is it that we can be outraged, sympathetic, and supportive when we read headlines about a woman gang raped in India who spawned a national movement of women protesting:
“What began 13 days ago with a handful of well-wishers holding a hospital vigil for the rape victim swelled into thousands as a young generation of Indians demanded an end to the culture of violence that produced more than 24,000 cases of rape last year alone.”
and think wow 24,000 rapes in one year. That's an epidemic. Brutal gang rape. Police doing nothing to protect or prosecute. Culture of rape. But something like that would never happen here in America, right? India is dirty and dangerous and overcrowded and backwards and misogynistic and this is just a third world problem, right? A really sad problem, but it would never happen here, right?
And yet where is our outrage and protests here in America when:
“The Department of Justice estimated that 188,380 Americans were victims of sexual violence last year.” (2010). And that's just the low estimate of the number of reported cases. 1 in 4 women in America (or 5 or 6 depending on who you ask and if it's a good year or a bad year for women) will be raped in their lifetime. So think about yourself (or your wife), your mother, your sister, and your daughter and if you don't believe the stats, try asking them. You may be surprised at what they never told you. And which one of these four women does our congress think is worth protecting? Zero!
We are outraged when an Indian police officer tells a rape victim she should marry her attacker but not when a California judge says a woman wasn't really raped because she didn't put up enough of a fight. We are outraged at 24,000 rapes in India but not 188,380 in America. And lest you think there's some sort of per capita explanation for this staggering difference, check out these comparative crime stats:
Rapes 1.7 30.2 DEFINITION: Number of sexual assaults recorded by police in that country per 100,000 population. SOURCE: European Institute for Crime Prevention and Control International Statistics on Crime and Justice, 2011 Ranked 68th in 2006. Ranked 5th in 2006. 17 times more than India
And I can't help but wonder how many American women like me right now are wondering where was our massive global public outcry? Our calls for protection and prosecution? Why did nobody protest for us? Is it so everyday and commonplace and part of our culture that we just don't think it's a big deal in America? Or such a taboo and shameful and uncomfortable subject that we'd rather pretend it doesn't exist here in the “free world”? Who here speaks for us? Clearly not our elected officials. We must speak for ourselves.
Please watch this video by One Billion Rising and imagine one of these women is your wife, your sister your mother, your daughter, your friend. Or if you're like me you don't have to imagine at all, you simply remember.
Trust me when I say I don't write about this topic lightly. It's very personal to me and it makes me simultaneously both extremely sad and extremely angry to think about all of this. Watching these videos disturbed me more than you can ever imagine. But I've recently come to the conclusion that the more I keep my words in silence, the easier it is for everyone to pretend it doesn't happen and do nothing to stop it.
And if you managed to make it through all those videos and articles and stats and still don't think this is really a problem in America, here's a cat video. It's really funny. Now go back to your regularly scheduled football while the rest of us dance.
[EDIT: Regrettably procatinator is apparently currently offline due to bill payment issues. Viking Kittens may tide you over for now.]
In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
– Albert Camus
P.S. For the record, I think what happens to women in India is truly horrible too and I have a great deal of admiration for Indian culture and American culture. I think the culture of rape is a global human rights problem that affects cultures everywhere. I am thankful women in India have the guts to stand up and fight for what they believe in. I hope they can be a shining example to women and men everywhere.
Sexual abuse affects men in America too. This makes me just as angry.
BodyText
​— Brian EverstineAir Combat Command's premier exercise will integrate two variants of the newest fighter for the first time.USAF F-35As from the 33rd Fighter Wing at Eglin AFB, Fla., will fly alongside USMC F-35Bs at Red Flag 17-3, which runs from July 10-28 at Nellis AFB, Nev.The Eglin jets took off for the exercise on July 6, and are using the event to hone tactics used for training pilots.“This is going to make our instructors better so they can train the next generation of F-35 pilots,” Col. Ryan Suttlemyre, 33rd Operations Group commander and Red Flag Expeditionary Wing vice commander said in a release Two USMC F-35Bs of Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 211, 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing from MCAS Yuma, Ariz., landed at Nellis on July 5. The Marines are bringing 10 aircraft in total, along with 250 Marines for the exercise, according to a wing release The two services will fly together to refine tactics across the services for the first time in a combat exercise.“We are going to make the rest of the combat air forces better,” Suttlemyre said. “[Y]oung aircrews from other platforms that have never operated beside F-35s will have the chance to learn the aircraft's capabilities, which will help them to understand how they will integrate with the jet in the future.”
Over my years in health journalism, I've debunked many dubious claims. I've discussed how to cover quacks like Dr. Oz and the Food Babe, and how to navigate a medical world so filled with hooey it can make your head spin.
But I wasn't always fluent in the ways of detecting bull. My eyes were opened in my early 20s, when I met a group of researchers at McMaster University in Canada. They taught me about the limitations of different kinds of evidence, why anecdotes are often wildly misleading, and what a well-designed study looks like. This experience changed how I see the world.
I've often wondered why these concepts aren't taught in schools. We are bombarded with health claims — in the news, on TV, in magazines, at the doctor's office or the pharmacy — and many of us lack the basic skills to navigate them.
That's why I found this giant new trial, which is just wrapping up now in Uganda, so compelling. Its mission, according to Sir Iain Chalmers, the Cochrane Collaboration co-founder who's co-leading it, is to teach children to "detect bullshit when bullshit is being presented to them."
The researchers designed teaching materials, lesson plans, and cartoon-filled workbooks for kids about the reliability of medical treatments. And they've tested them out on more than 15,000 kids in a randomized controlled trial in Uganda.
We don't yet know whether their method will work; the researchers are still analyzing the results.
But whether or not this trial fails, it'll bring us closer to answering an important question, maybe the most important question, on health information right now: Instead of just debunking, which often fails, can we prevent dubious claims from catching on in the first place?
This study could be the beginning of a recipe book for how create little armies of bullshit detectors. These bullshit detectors would, in theory, be able to tell the difference between a helpful kind of doctor and a Dr. Oz, a useful medicine and a harmful one, and whether a study was designed to give reliable answers.
In a world so chock full of hogwash health advice, anything that moves us in the direction of that goal is worth paying attention to.
The bible of health bullshit detection
One of the indispensable readings for anyone interested in evidence-based medicine is Testing Treatments (downloadable for free). The basic idea behind the book, as Chalmers puts it, is that "you don't need to be a scientist to think critically and ask good questions." In plain language, he and the book's co-authors explain concepts people need to understand in order to sort reliable health advice from nonsense.
In that spirit, around the time a new edition of the book was published in 2012, Andy Oxman, a co-investigator on the Uganda trial and a research director at the Norwegian Institute of Public Health, approached Chalmers and said, "Why don't we fish out the key concepts in Testing Treatments and see whether we can teach them to primary school children in Uganda?"
Chalmers, in his delightful British accent, recalls telling Oxman, "You're mad."
But Oxman, of course, wasn't mad. He already had strong ties to Uganda, where he'd been leading a World Health Organization project to bring more research evidence to policymaking.
"Working with policymakers," Oxman told me, "made it clear most adults don't have time to learn, and they have to unlearn a lot of stuff." So he'd already been dreaming about building a foundation of critical thinking skills about health in the young.
With the book, the researchers also had a template for the kinds of things they could teach. And they knew that this exercise of inculcating skepticism in children, while uncommon in high-income settings, was even rarer in a developing country like Uganda, where pseudoscientific medical advice can spread with abandon, just as it can in the US.
The researchers, along with others from Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda, Norway, and England, worked to identify the most important ideas a person would need to grasp, and in a systematic study they arrived at 32 concepts.
Building on these concepts, they drew up lesson plans and collaborated with teachers in Uganda to make materials that would resonate with local school children.
Allen Nsangi, a Ugandan researcher and co-investigator on the trial, told me that a big part of that process involved mining local medical myths. For example, she said, "Some people have been told to use locally available stuff like cow dung [on burns] — it's almost the best known treatment."
Other medical myths have come with heavy costs, she added. "Some of the immunization campaigns have been sabotaged because of claims to do with infertility for the future." Worried parents end up skipping the shots for their children. Other rumors have spread that people should replace their antiretroviral therapies for HIV with herbal supplements.
Ultimately, the researchers put together a guide for teachers and cartoon-filled reading and exercise books for students.
"We are trying to teach children that stories are usually an unreliable basis for assessing the effect of treatments," Nsangi explained, adding that stories amount to anecdotal evidence. The kids are also learning to watch out for the perverting effects of conflicts of interest, and to recognize that all treatments carry both harms and benefits and that large, dramatic effects from a treatment are really, really rare.
Why the Uganda trial matters
The researchers didn't stop there. They want to know whether their work would actually improve children's ability to assess health advice, so they designed a high-quality test: a randomized controlled trial.
The trial ran during the second school term — from June to September — on more than 15,000 fifth-graders, mostly ages 10 to 12. Half of the kids got the lessons, and half didn't. (Separately, the researchers created a podcast that imparts the critical thinking concepts for parents, and tested those in another randomized controlled trial.)
At the end of the trial, students in both groups were tested to see whether their understanding about the reliability of health claims improved. Chalmers, Oxman, and the other researchers are now evaluating those results. They plan to test the children's retention again after a year to see whether the concepts stuck.
A wish for the future
There have been other attempts to understand whether school-based interventions can get kids to think critically, but there's very little research focusing specifically on health or on teaching these skills early in life. "We started out with primary school children because that's the right age to start; it's when you need to build a foundation," Oxman says.
The Uganda study, which was mostly supported by the Research Council of Norway, should also be big enough to detect meaningful differences in the critical thinking abilities between the groups of children.
After they evaluate the program's success, the researchers will keep adapting and experimenting to find methods that work, and then use what they learn to create open source teaching materials for children in other settings, as well as for professionals and policymakers.
So whatever the results of the Uganda study, the trial will get us closer to understanding how to prevent bullshit from taking off and how to arm people with the skills needed to protect themselves in the future. That's something schools everywhere should pay attention to.
"My hope," Oxman said, "is that these resources get used in curricula in schools around the world, and that we end up with the children ... who become science-literate citizens and who can participate in sensible discussion about policy and our health." He added: "I'm looking to the future. I think it's too late for my generation."
With Oxman's help, maybe we'll see fewer patients harmed by unhelpful treatments, fewer quacks profiteering off bogus medical advice, and a world less brimming with medical bullshit.
The sudden departure of General David Petraeus from the CIA probably tells us more about the state of our nation than it does about Petraeus. President Barack Obama should not have accepted his resignation.
We now seem to care more about the sex lives of our leaders than the real lives of our soldiers. We had years of failed generalship in Iraq, for example, yet left those commanders in place. Petraeus's departure again demonstrates we are strict about intimate behavior, but extraordinarily lax about professional incompetence.
“A private who loses a rifle suffers far greater consequences than a general who loses a war,” Lieutenant Colonel Paul Yingling wrote in the Armed Forces Journal in 2007.
Americans severely judge some forms of private behavior between consenting adults, if one party is a public official. Yet we often resist weighing the professional competence of such officials ‑ even when they clearly are not doing a good job.
This is not, as some say, because we are a puritanical nation. Rather, our standards have changed in recent decades ‑ and not for the better.
Consider, we don't know precisely the relationship between General Dwight D. Eisenhower and his driver, Kay Summersby, during World War II. But it is evident that it was romantic in some ways, and, by her later account, quite intimate. If Ike were judged by today's standard, he would have been sent home in disgrace from Europe, and the war likely would have been worse without his calm, determined and unifying presence. He was not fired. But dozens of other Army officers, including 16 division commanders in combat, were relieved of command during the war ‑ for professional reasons.
Matthew Ridgway was another great American general, serving in World War II and Korea. Over a few months in 1951, in one of the best but lesser-known episodes of American generalship, Ridgway turned around our fortunes in the Korean War. Like Ike, Ridgway was fond of female companionship. He almost seemed to get a new wife for every war. In his personal papers on file at the U.S. Army archives in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, interspersed with discussions of how to improve combat leadership in the Korean War, there are some terse notes from his first wife's lawyer.
This change may have occurred in part because we as a nation no longer have much military experience and no longer prize military effectiveness, nor even are capable of judging it. In past wars, soldiers eager to survive would forgive their leaders a multitude of lapses if they believed those leaders knew their business.
We also may have changed because so few of us have “skin in the game,” to use a phrase one often hears from the parents of soldiers. Certainly, if I had a loved one in a combat zone, I would care much more about the military skills of the people in charge than I would about their sexual lives.
Another reason we may also hesitate to judge professional competence is that it is difficult in small, messy, unpopular wars to know just what victory looks like. Yet ironically, in Iraq, Petraeus was one of the few clear successes we had among our top leaders ‑ first in commanding the 101st Airborne Division Mosul in 2003-04, and then as the overseer of “the surge” that began extricating the United States from Iraq in 2007.
Our diminished standards speak to a lack of seriousness in the way we wage our wars. No, the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq are not existential, as World War II was. But a soldier blown up in Afghanistan this year is every bit as dead as one machine-gunned on Omaha Beach 68 years ago. Today's soldiers deserve to have the most competent leaders we can provide, just as the men of D-Day did.
Some of my friends in the military argue that a general who cannot keep his marriage vows cannot be trusted to keep his word. But we all fail in different ways throughout life. As Petraeus's revelations last week reminded us, he is human. We have asked much of him, sending him on three tours of duty in Iraq and one in Afghanistan. Yet when the time came for us to be generous in return, we were not.
I have known Petraeus for about 15 years, and his supposed lover, Paula Broadwell, for a portion of that time. I am not close to either. I do not approve of what they reportedly did. But I also don't think it is any of my business.
By contrast, taking care of our soldiers should be a concern of all of us. Where are our priorities?
PHOTO: General David Petraeus at a dedication ceremony at Camp Victory in Baghdad, January 31, 2008. REUTERS/Ceerwan Aziz
Tour Patterns: Goffin vs Dimitrov (2017 WTF)
Tour Patterns: Goffin vs Dimitrov
(2017 WTF)
Watching David Goffin and Gigor Dimitrov play twice in a handful of days made for some fascinating tennis. Typically weeks or even months go between two players facing each other twice. In the interim perhaps dozens of matches have been played, and the intricacies of a specific opponent are lost in a sea of points played and tennis balls struck. But the round robin format of the World Tour Finals creates an interesting situation – one unique in men's professional tennis. A mere five days separated the repeat match-up between these two players.
This creates an opportunity to analyze just how players respond to patterns of play – the types of tactical adjustments they make from recent match experiences. We will look at two patterns of play – one from each of their matches at the World Tour Finals this year. The first pattern is one which Dimitrov put to good use throughout the tournament against all of his opponents, including in his 6-0, 6-2 win over Goffin on the Wednesday of the tournament. The second is Goffin's adjustment made to counter this pattern in their meeting in the final of the tournament.
Dimitrov Using the Slice
A large piece of Grigor's success on hard courts his year has been his intelligent use of the slice backhand. 2017 has seen Grigor move from checkers to chess in his level of tactical sophistication. This was touched on in detail in Tactical Tennis's article: “Grigor Dimitrov – Here To Stay” (Warning, GIFs abound!). While it did not serve Dimitrov well on the clay, Grigor's use of the slice was instrumental in his first Masters title win in Cincinnati. He continued to use it to good effect at the World Tour Finals:
We start with the shot Dimitrov originally wanted – the inside out forehand. Most of the time, this is the shot Dimitrov wants to be hitting, and this is the place he wants to be hitting it from. Grigor's forehand is one of the best on tour, and it is the shot he builds his play around. Typically once he gets this ball, Dimitrov will keep control of the point from start to finish. But things don't always go according to play. Here Grigor plays a good quality inside-out forehand into Goffin's backhand.
Now Goffin could play the backhand down the line (the red line), but doing so is pretty high risk. On the previous shot, Goffin had to respect the possibility Dimitrov might have played the ball inside-in, and so David is pushed back here. He's a good 6 feet (nearly 2 meters) behind the baseline. Any ball played down the line from here would lack authority, giving Dimitrov the open cross-court to attack with his next forehand.
But Goffin's backhand is good. Very good. So he does something many players cannot do. David gets the ball back cross-court, and immediately threatens Dimitrov's control of the point. Remember Dimitrov is expecting to get another forehand on his next ball. Once he hits that first inside-out forehand, Grigor is used to keeping control, but Goffin turns the tables with the angle and pace of his shot.
We can learn so much just from this one image. David has forced Grigor to hit the slice, and Grigor's options are somewhat limited. Note David's aggressive cross-court position in this frame. Goffin has zero fear of Grigor taking this ball down the line – he is anticipating the cross-court ball and placing all of his eggs in that basket. Why is that?
Because he's reading the game. Grigor was expecting to hit a forehand, and when Goffin got as much angle and pace as he did, Dimitrov was caught off-guard. Grigor isn't balanced – he's scrambling a little to hit this ball. Anything Dimitrov hits on the red line will be a weak reply, with a higher chance of error. It would be tantamount to surrendering the point, and Goffin knows it. So Goffin camps the cross-court ball, knowing full well that's where the ball is going.
Grigor knows he's in danger of losing control of this point. There is only one good play for him to make here – and it is the play that he chooses. Dimitrov plays the deep cross-court slice. The depth is critical – if Grigor drops it short Goffin will step in, take the short forehand down the line and come in for a likely easy point. With depth though, Goffin is stuck in building mode – he must continue to construct the point.
Goffin gets the forehand that he wanted, but not in the position he wanted it. As with the backhand, David is a good 6 feet behind the baseline. He's in a positive position, but not a commanding one. Could Goffin play his forehand along the red line? Sure, but it's not the play he wants yet. If he plays the red line, David is playing straight into Dimitrov's strength. Not just the forehand, but the running forehand – the shot Grigor hits maybe better than anyone else on tour right now.
To add to this, Dimitrov's recovery position is just about perfect. Dimitrov is ready for the Goffin forehand down the line. Grigor is leaving the backhand open, and so Goffin does the predictable thing. He takes his forehand inside-out, looking to build on his advantage.
The problem is that Goffin plays directly into Grigor's hands. Dimitrov isn't just expecting the ball to come back into his backhand, he's waiting for it. Balanced and ready, Grigor drives the backhand topspin, down the line for a clean winner. Goffin has no idea what's coming – he's anticipating another ball in his backhand corner.
Dimitrov has three variations on this pattern. The first is this – stepping in to take a topspin backhand down the line. The second is to take a short slice down the line. The third and final is to run around the ball and hit a forehand. In all three variations Dimitrov has gained control of the point off a cross-court slice backhand. It is predicated on the fact that taking the low slice down the line is a high-risk play for the Goffin backhand. Grigor is reading the positioning and his opponent to anticipate what's about to happen. With that anticipation comes a huge advantage.
Dimitrov would ride this pattern (and others) to a dominating 6-0, 6-2 win. When they met again 5 days later, Goffin could not let this go unanswered.
The Turnaround
Goffin is one of the more tactically astute players on the tour. He has a very balanced game, which gives him tools with which to respond to a variety of situations. It's important to note that Goffin didn't necessarily need a bullet-proof response to Dimitrov's pattern. David simply needed a response that could create doubt in Dimitrov – something that inhibited Dimitrov's ability to anticipate with full confidence what was coming next. Not only does Goffin have a response, he executed it on the very first point of the match.
The point starts with a Goffin return to Dimitrov's backhand. This is exactly the return that Goffin wants – if Dimitrov gets to hit a forehand as the first ball of a rally his odds of winning the point are significantly better.
It's telling how fond Dimitrov is of the pattern that he immediately goes to the slice backhand here rather than hitting an aggressive topspin backhand. Dimitrov theoretically has two options with the slice here, but the yellow line is his best choice. If we look at Goffin's position, he is well placed to cover a ball down the line from Dimitrov. Additionally Goffin handles the low slice ball off his forehand side better. Playing the red line will put Dimitrov in poor position – Goffin can play an aggressive forehand either cross-court or down the line, and Grigor will struggle to anticipate the next ball.
If it had been months since they last played, Goffin might have had to respect the down the line ball more in this situation. Instead it had been a few days, and Goffin was not at all surprised by the play. He was reading, anticipating and quickly able to change the dynamic.
David moves aggressively on the cross-court slice, setting up to hit the forehand. In their first meeting in the tournament David ran around this ball several times. However when he did so his anticipation was lacking – it was reactionary. Goffin was hitting the shot from deeper behind the baseline, and he simply wasn't as well balanced to be able to hit the ball with any level of real aggression.
This time is different. David is closer to the baseline, and his weight is biased forward. Goffin is significantly better prepared to hit the forehand, and that opens up options for him. Goffin can take the ball aggressively in either direction, but Grigor expects this forehand to come back into his backhand corner. Dimitrov has several reasons to expect it – his forehand is known as the stronger wing, and players have a history of attacking his backhand side.
When Goffin then takes this ball inside-in, Dimitrov is left completely flat-footed. Much of Dimitrov's ability to build offense off the slice backhand is predicated on his ability to anticipate the next shot. Lacking that anticipation, Dimitrov loses a critical fraction of a second. Goffin was not flawless in his execution of the strategy – but he did not need to be. Simply executing it successfully a handful of times, especially so early in the match changes the dynamic between the two players.
Suddenly, from the very first point of the match, Dimitrov has been given reason to think. Where just a few days earlier he was almost on auto-pilot against Goffin, playing his favorite patterns without hesitation (or resistance from his opponent), suddenly one of those patterns seems higher risk. It isn't that Dimitrov can't use this play any longer – it is still a good pattern of play for him. It is that the next time he does it, Dimitrov feels pressure to make it a little better – the slice a little deeper, perhaps a little faster. Goffin has given Dimitrov real reason to push towards the edges a little more, which is where errors lie.
Conclusion
Ultimately this was not the only adjustment Goffin made, and although David was able to make the match extremely competitive he was unable to overcome Dimitrov. Goffin was within a small handful of points from winning however, a marked improvement over the crushing defeat he had suffered mere days earlier. Truth be told, if David Goffin had served better he likely would have walked away with the title.
Each match is filled with opportunities such as these. Opportunities to either impose your own desired patterns upon your opponent or, recognizing their desired patterns, to counter them. This is ultimately what competitive tennis is all about – the struggle over who can execute their strengths to best effect. Happy playing!
Tenant Rights in Florida Foreclosure cases are now, to some degree, being protected by the state
In a new statute, signed by the Governor just this month, titled Termination of Rental Agreement upon Foreclosure (Fla. Stat. 83.561) certain tenants are being offered a thirty (30) day grace period following the foreclosure of the property they are living in after receipt of a thirty (30) day notice which must state, summarily, that they are “hereby notified that [their] rental agreement is terminated on the date of delivery of this notice, that [their] occupancy is terminated 30 days following the date of the delivery of this notice, and that [the new owner] depends possession of the premises on a [date certain].”
This new notice requirement goes on to say that if the tenant does not vacate the premises by the specified date, the court can then be asked for an order allowing the new owner to remove the tenant and the belongings from the premises. The tenant is still obligated to pay rent during the thirty (30) day period for any amount due, and an address to pay rent to must be specified. This notice must be sent in a very specific manner, pursuant to Fla. Stat. 83.56(4).
This new law designed to protect tenant rights in Florida foreclosure cases only applies to tenants that aren't parties to the underlying foreclosure documents, or related to them, that the rental agreement is a “bona fide” lease which was negotiated pursuant to market value, and that the rent rates are near that value.
While I do applaud the legislature for trying to protect tenants at foreclosure, and must give my colleagues at the Florida Alliance for Consumer Protection all the credit for getting this bill through the red tape, I urge tenants living in foreclosed properties or owners purchasing properties at foreclosure, to contact a licensed Florida Attorney for help navigating this brand-new law.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Clayton Williams denies murder and claims he did not intend to injure the officer
A teenager accused of deliberately running over and killing a police officer has been a cannabis user since the age of six, a court has heard.
Father-of-two PC Dave Phillips, 34, died when he was hit by a pick-up truck in Wallasey, Wirral, in October.
Clayton Williams, 19, had been buying drugs and had smoked a "spliff" before stealing the Mitsubishi truck, Manchester Crown Court heard.
Mr Williams denies murder and claims he did not intend to injure the officer.
In police interviews, he told officers he suffered "bad memory loss" and "smoked a lot of weed".
The court heard he had been out of jail for three weeks after another police pursuit when he crashed into a lamp post.
On the night of the crash, he claimed the drugs may have slowed his reactions when he ran over PC Phillips during an 80 mph police chase.
The officer had been deploying a "stinger" device to puncture the truck's tyres, but stood "no chance" when the vehicle hit him, the court heard.
'Felt sick'
When he was arrested, Mr Williams told police he had burgled Oxton Estates in Birkenhead, which he came across while walking back from buying "some weed".
During the burglary, jurors heard, he saw the keys to the Mitsubushi on a desk and stole the vehicle.
In the first of three prepared statements, he said he did not see PC Phillips until he was "almost on the spikes".
Image copyright Merseyside Police Image caption PC Dave Phillips, a married father-of-two, died as he and a colleague were trying to stop a stolen pick-up truck
He continued: "I thought and knew I had injured him. I did not realise I had killed him. I saw it on the news and I felt sick.
"I felt devastated for what I had done to the officer and the great pain and suffering I have caused his family.
"I did not intend to kill PC Phillips. I fully accept I am responsible for his death [due] to the manner of my driving."
Giving evidence from the witness box, the teenager told the jury of a telephone conversation with his grandmother, Shirley Williams, made less than a minute after the collision.
"She's like, 'What are you like? You have not been out of jail three weeks, not even that'," he told the jury.
He said his grandmother added: "You are silly aren't you? You can't stay out long."
Ian Unsworth QC, prosecuting, asked the defendant: "Why not simply stop?"
Mr Williams replied: "It's just adrenaline you get when you get behind the wheel.
"On my last sentence I was in a pursuit for less than 10 minutes and crashed into a lamp post. I just panicked, like scared."
Mr Unsworth continued: "And would you do anything not to go back to jail?"
"Yeh," he replied.
Earlier, pathologist Dr Brian Rodgers said PC Phillips would have died "pretty much instantly" after being hit by the truck.
The teenager has admitted a charge of burglary and aggravated vehicle taking.
He denies murder, and also denies a second count of attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent in relation to PC Thomas Birkett, 23, who had to dive out of the way after PC Phillips was hit.
A second man, Philip Stuart, 30, who was the passenger in the truck, has admitted burglary and aggravated vehicle taking, by being allowed to be carried in the Mitsubishi.
The trial continues.
Samsung Gear S2 and Gear S3 owners are in for a bit of a treat as these two smartwatches can now be customized with the help of several new watchfaces, all of which have been originally introduced along with the Samsung Gear Sport a few months back. A total of four new watchfaces are now available for the Gear S2 and S3; however, those who will want to acquire them will have to download them manually from the Galaxy Apps Store or the Gear Manager application.
When the Samsung Gear Sport was officially launched back in October, the wearable introduced a number of new watchfaces that haven't been previously seen on the Gear S smartwatch series. Now, four of these watchfaces have been made available for the older Gear S2 and Gear S3 smartwatches, with the list of new dials consisting of Analog Utility, Color Pie, Dual Dial, and Intrepid. Two of these watchfaces have a slight focus on fitness activities, providing information regarding step count and the number of floors that have been climbed in a given period. The other two focus solely on telling the time, with Dual Dial offering a fairly standard watchface, and the other one called Color Pie adopting a minimalist pie chart-like design, as suggested by the name itself.
For readers who may be wondering, the Samsung Gear Sport is evidently the newest smartwatch model from the bunch, whereas the Samsung Gear S2 was officially introduced in August of 2015. The direct sequel bearing the Gear S3 moniker was launched a year later, and with the release of the Gear Sport, Samsung seems to have combined the functionality of both the Gear S3 smartwatch and Gear Fit2 Pro fitness band into a single wearable package. All of these three smartwatches which now share the same watchfaces also have various hardware and software characteristics in common, including a Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 360 by 360 pixels and the fact that they all rely on the Tizen operating system rather than Google's platform, Android Wear 2.0. Furthermore, both the latest Gear Sport and older Gear S2 share the same chipset – the Exynos 3250 Dual – whereas the Gear S3 carries the Exynos 7270 instead.
I once asked my friend Paul Salopek for some thoughts on a writing project. He was a logical source of expertise, having won a couple of Pulitzers for his work around the world, though in this case my interest was more specific to his skills. I was going to spend a few weeks on foot, walking through rural Sichuan Province, and Paul was something of an expert on hoofing it, having walked two hundred and thirty days down the Sierra Madre, and having traipsed large swathes of Africa, Afghanistan, and the Amazon, among other places.
“So, any tips?” I asked.
He took the question seriously, and said finally, “If you're going to take a mule, give yourself enough time to learn how to handle it. It's more difficult than flying a plane.”
Then he told the story of a humbling moment when just such a beast broke his nose on the first day of his long walk in Mexico (a journey chronicled in “The Mule Diaries,” coming out this year from Random House). A few years ago, he started talking to me about another project, and now it has begun: a seven-year walk around the world.
He set off a week or so ago from Herto Bouri, Ethiopia, bound, first, for the Red Sea. The Out of Eden Walk is being chronicled in real time—blogging, publishing, tweeting—and then, of course, there will be the longer pieces. But all the technical accommodations can make it easy to overlook that the essential project is something we don't see much of anymore, a kind of reporting Paul calls “slow journalism”—the process of reporting at “a human pace of three miles an hour.”
The start of Paul's journey just happened to overlap with a reason to nod to another great practitioner of snail-paced journalism: Stanley Karnow, the historian and journalist who wrote so meticulously about Vietnam and Philippines, died on Sunday at the age of eighty-seven. I never knew Karnow, but for a kid growing up in America, interested in writing about Asia, the world he evoked—in “Vietnam: A History,” and “In Our Image: America's Empire in the Philippines,” among other door-stop-sized volumes—was a good advertisement for the business. His friend Bernard Kalb, a former CBS reporter, once said that Karnow believed that “being a journalist is like being an adolescent all your life.” (Indeed, it wasn't all heavy-lifting; Karnow's book about his days of writing in Paris in the fifties made you resent your date of birth.)
There was another sentiment of Karnow's that stayed with me: when covering Asia, he said, “you can be a specialist, but not an expert.” Humility, of one kind or another, is a quality we don't universally celebrate in our business. For all of the effective skewering done by Stephen Colbert and The Onion, we still suffer from an industrial predisposition toward feigned, instant expertise. Something about Asia is especially attractive to charlatans. In Beijing, the joke among hacks is that, after the drive in from the airport, you are ready to write a column; after a month, you feel the stirrings of an idea-book; but after a year, you struggle to write anything at all, because you've finally discovered just how much you don't know.
In a sea of ephemera, the sturdiest work is only more noticeable. My colleague Katherine Boo won the National Book Award last year for “Behind the Beautiful Forevers,” her chronicle of a Mumbai slum, which was based on three years of laborious interviews and documents. We binge on instant knowledge, but we are learning the hazards, and readers are warier than they used to be of nanosecond-interpretations of Supreme Court decisions. The economics of the business have not suddenly improved, but in the midst of all the opining with authority and speed, it's nice to be reminded that the alternative doesn't make you a luddite.
Journalism offers far fewer chances these days to roam the globe for a paycheck. But adventurers like Karnow and Salopek should give some solace to the aspiring vagabonds out there who wonder if foreign correspondence isn't still one hell of a way of life.
Somewhere in Ethiopia this week, Paul thumbed out a tweet: “No wells. Bummed murky water off nomads in this enormity. Electric blue moonlight the color of pure thought.”
Photograph: Powerhouse Museum Collection.
Before the crash of 2007, as aid agencies were asking the governments of what we once called ‘the rich world' to wipe out poor countries' debts, Christopher Hitchens received a begging letter from his publishers.
Verso, if you have never come across it, boasts that it is ‘the largest independent, radical publishing house in the English-speaking world'. Its old stagers are Tariq Ali and Perry Anderson, Marxist-Leninists of the upper class, who had been Hitchens's comrades on the soixante-huitard left. Hitchens told me that along with aristocratic style of their fine offices in London and New York went the classic capitalist desire to expropriate the fruits of the workers' labour.
As ‘debt forgiveness' was in the air, Verso had said to him, would he forgive the debts of his publishers by allowing them to keep his royalties? ‘They think,' said Hitchens, his eyes shining with incredulous glee, ‘that I'm the equivalent of the World Bank and that they're the equivalent of a banana republic.'
Verso looks like a tin-pot dictatorship now. The publishing house has done something I have not seen since the passing of communism: denounced its dead author for his ideological deviations. It recruited one Richard Seymour, a Marxist Leninist hack, to produce Unhitched. (Geddit?) Among his many, many other sins, Seymour accuses his Verso colleague of being a ‘terrible liar', ‘career-minded', a ‘power fetishist', ‘a cliché' an ‘ouvrierist' and, worst of all, an apostate who abandoned ‘the left' to support the West's wars against al-Qa'eda and Saddam Hussein.
As that ‘ouvrierist' suggests, nature did not intend Mr Seymour to write. Whatever you think of Hitchens's arguments, he loved the English language, and it loved him back. Seymour read the collected works of that compelling stylist and still produced sentences such as, ‘Turns to the right among the intelligentsia were drawn out processes punctuated by miniwaves and with distinct temporalities.'
People write this badly when they have something to hide. Seymour and Verso's secret is that when they say ‘the left' they mean the far left, which in our age is also an ally of the far right: the 21st-century equivalent of the Hitler-Stalin pact. Verso publishes the speeches of Osama bin Laden. Without irony or self-awareness, Seymour denounces Hitchens's support for Salman Rushdie and opposition to Ayatollah Khomeini. This is a world where any enemy of the West, even a clerical and reactionary enemy that executes leftists, must be supported; where Seymour can say ‘the ascendant form of resistant politics had become one or other variant of Islamism' and mean ‘resistant' as a compliment.
The trouble is that the heretic-hunter fears that the reader may see through his double standards. It is therefore not enough for him to criticise his target's ideas, he seems to want to destroy his target's character too. But how? He can say he was a bad man in private. Intelligent readers will just separate the writer from the work, the gossip from the gist, and shrug.
The practised calumniator knows there is only one killer charge to level in these circumstances: plagiarism. Everything about the writer becomes fraudulent then, because ‘the work' becomes stolen goods.
Deplorably, Seymour levels it at Hitchens. Seymour writes that ‘a great deal of his work on Bill Clinton's betrayal on health care' in No One Left to Lie To, Hitchens's polemic on the Clinton administration, was ‘lifted' from another journalist. Shocking behaviour, I am sure you agree. But Seymour does not say that the section on health filled a modest part of the book. And in the endnotes he concedes, ‘In fairness, Hitchens credited [the journalist's] work in the chapter in the paperback edition.' In other words, Seymour is a critic who makes an allegation in the daylight of the main text and withdraws it in the gloom of the small print.
His most sensational charge is that Hitchens's The Missionary Position, a celebrated assault on Mother Teresa, was straight theft. Verso said when it published in the 1990s that Hitchens had based it on a documentary, Hell's Angel, that he had presented on Channel 4. Hitchens certainly made the programme, you can still see it on YouTube. But Seymour says an Indian author ‘produced most of the original research' for the book. Verso thought the manuscript needed rewriting. Its editors passed it to Hitchens, who then won fame and notoriety by passing it off as his own work.
‘Who was the Indian author?' I asked a Verso press spokeswoman. She did not know. ‘Why didn't Verso insist on crediting him or her on the dust jacket?' Ah, came the reply, the mysterious Indian ‘didn't mind' Hitchens's theft. He must be the most easy-going writer in human history, I thought, but went along with the spin and asked, ‘Well why didn't Seymour say that?'
The spokeswoman did not know; but the true answer is that ‘the left' detests Hitchens's ‘betrayal' and cannot grant him the smallest concession. One of Hitchens's stock of quotes was a warning against allowing hatred to so grip your mind that you no longer cared what you said. ‘The man who thinks any stick will do will pick up a boomerang.' I think it is from Chesterton, but cannot find the source, but I am certain that if Richard Seymour and Tariq Ali look up they will see a boomerang whirling through the air to smack them in the face.
While I had the Verso PR woman on the line, I remembered that it had published my own book Cruel Britannia in 2000.
‘I can't remember the last time I saw a royalty statement,' I said.
‘Ah well, we have been upgrading our royalty department for a couple of years,' she replied.
Years, I thought. It takes years for a small publisher to ‘upgrade'?
‘I want any money I am owed now,' I said, and hung up.
Young lefties beware. If you can write, or even, as in the case of Seymour, you cannot, Verso will offer to publish you. Stay away. The record shows that it will try to take your money if you toe the party line, and trash your reputation if you do not.
Last week, Isla Vista Foot Patrol announced a policy stating all cars in Isla Vista that are parked on or blocking a sidewalk, even in front of residents' driveways, will be cited for traffic violations starting Feb. 15.
The new restrictions are part of enforcing California Vehicle Code § 22500, which prohibits sidewalk parking. According to IVFP officials, deputies began notifying I.V. residents and property managers in November to make residents aware of the rule change come Feb. 15. The purpose of the new citations, according to the policy, will be to increase pedestrian visibility on the sidewalks and therefore increase their safety by keeping them out of the street.
According to IVFP Lieutenant Rob Plastino, the high population density in I.V. causes residents to park illegally on sidewalks to make room for more cars.
“Rising costs make people want more roommates, which means more cars,” Plastino said. “They're trying to slam more cars into a driveway that wasn't designed that way.”
It's the lack of space on the sidewalks when there are parties. If the streets get crowded when students come out to party, how can they think about moving them all onto a sidewalk? – First-year sociology major John Michael Joseph
According to a statement from IVFP, the practice of parking on the sidewalk forces pedestrians out into the street and into the path of oncoming traffic. Citations will also be issued to allow pedestrians with physical limitations safe use of the sidewalk.
Third-year biochemistry major Sam Perez said he has not ever seen law enforcement officers try to keep people out of the streets in I.V.
“I've never seen I.V. Foot Patrol, or any law enforcement for that matter, make an effort to keep students out of the street here,” Perez said.
Plastino said the law wasn't enforced in the past because I.V. lacked a complete sidewalk network.
“You go over to Goleta and you're not going to see a whole bunch of people just standing in the middle of the road, because they have sidewalks there,” Plastino said. “So the thought was: If you're a pedestrian and you're walking down DP, you need to be on the sidewalk; you can't be in the roadway.”
First-year sociology major John Michael Joseph said the enforcement does not make sense because parties tend to keep people off sidewalks.
“It's the lack of space on the sidewalks when there are parties,” Joseph said, “If the streets get crowded when students come out to party, how can they think about moving them all onto a sidewalk?”
If people want to walk on the sidewalk or stand on the sidewalk, they're free to do that, but the roadway needs to remain clear. – IVFP Lieutenant Rob Plastino
Plastino said California law states that cars cannot park in a way that blocks sidewalks and that now that DP has a sidewalk running its full length, IVFP can enforce the law correctly.
“I'm hoping that people start realizing that the sidewalks are there now, and sidewalks can be utilized for pedestrian use,” Plastino said. “If people want to walk on the sidewalk or stand on the sidewalk, they're free to do that, but the roadway needs to remain clear.”
First-year biopsychology major Adam Chukhman said it would be hard to keep everyone off the street even with the new restrictions because people simply don't want to walk on the sidewalks.
“The reason people walk on the street isn't the lack of good sidewalks,” Chukhman said, “it's the lack of want to walk on the sidewalk.”
First-year chemical engineering major, John Stair said the does not think citations would keep people from walking in the street.
“It's clear that they want people to stay off the street and stay on the sidewalk, but that's just never going to happen,” Stair said.
According to a statement from IVFP, I.V. will need more funding to be able to complete sidewalk installation along El Nido, Trigo, Seville and Madrid roads, as well as the 6500, 6600 and 6700 blocks of Sabado Tarde.
Print
Satellite images pulled from Google Maps showing empty Chinese ‘ghost-cities' surfaced and went viral yesterday, capping months of allegations that there are allegedly over 64 million brand new vacant apartments in China, enough to house over 200 million people.
The almost post-apocalyptic images of excess property are said to be the result of Chinese government pressure to increase internal economic activity  and hence net GDP  by any possible means, even building entire cities even when it's unnecessary.
Patrick Chovanec of Tsinghua University explained to English language Al-Jazeera TV: ‘Who wants to be the mayor who reports that he didn't get 8% GDP growth this year? Nobody wants to come forward with that. So the incentives in the system are to build. And if that's the easiest way to achieve that growth, then you build.' What makes this apparently pointless expansion so appealing is that, as Chovanec also states: Nobody's ever really lost money on real estate in China.
So, as Business Insider reported back in September, because  [the Chinese] need to put their money somewhere, but the stock market is under pressure and bank interest doesn't cover inflation…they plunk their money into a new property, just as a place to store their wealth, even if they don't intend to live in the place and can't find renters. One interviewee in an Al Jazeera report attests to this as fact, stating that though he wants to move into Ordos, one of the cities in question, the cost would be so high that despite nearly the entire city being vacant he's unable to afford it.
The result of this unnecessary expansion is that we have perhaps the first outposts of civilization that are impractical to the point of being unusable, as many of them have housing prices so high that even if there were people available to fill them, it would be impossible to do so  the money simply isn't there, and ideally never will be. Otherwise the investments of an entire country's wealthy would be utterly devalued (unless China someday controls so much of the world's wealth the cost of living in these cities becomes affordable only for them).
At least for the time being this makes the issue into a much more abstract one. It begets a situation in which the particular housing market of these cities becomes less about want, need, or exchange value and more about investment banking. That is to say: these aren't cities we're looking at, but bank vaults wherein the houses have become abstract capital's physical manifestation  as has been hinted, an apparition.
Which is, I suggest, a sign that in these images the physical commodities that structure civilization itself have become so imbricated with capital that they have become it outright: More precisely by looking at these cities we witness the absolute limit of both capitalism and civilization. Herein the physical (buildings, cities) and immaterial (capital), the objective and the abstract, reality and representation, have completely united, become indistinguishable  exactly as happens in the case of insanity.
A living wage is the hourly amount a family needs to cover basic expenses
These basic expenses include:
Food
Clothing
Rental housing
Child care
Transportation
Small savings to cover illness or emergencies
The living wage calculation is based on a two-parent family with two children – the most common family unit in BC – and each parent working full-time. The current living wage rate for Metro Vancouver is $20.91/hour.
The living wage changes based on costs in each region. Find living wage rates across BC
The Living Wage for Families Campaign encourages employers to pay a living wage as well as advocates for government policies that would help families make ends meet.
A living wage does not cover additional expenses such as:
Debt repayment from credit cards, loans or other interest payments
Future savings for home ownership, retirement or children's university education
Anything beyond minimal recreation, entertainment and holiday costs
Costs of caring for a disabled, seriously ill or elderly family member
For full details on the Metro Vancouver living wage calculation, see Working for a Living Wage: Making Paid Work Meet Basic Family Needs in Metro Vancouver by the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives - BC Office (CCPA-BC).
More and more British Columbians work in low-wage jobs that do not pay enough to live on
One out of every three poor children in BC live in families with at least one adult working full-time, full-year. In other words, child poverty in BC is very much a low-wage story. For most of the past decade, BC's child-poverty rate, currently at 23.7%, has remained consistently higher than the Canadian average, according to First Call's Child Poverty Report Card.
Poor children are being raised in poor families. Of the 27 factors identified as having an impact on child development, up to 80% were seen to improve as family income increases.
A living wage lifts working families out of poverty
A living wage is different than a minimum wage. The minimum wage is the legislated minimum set by the provincial government. The minimum wage should be set at a rate high enough to lift an individual worker out of poverty. An adequate minimum wage is the government's responsibility to address working poverty.
A living wage is an opportunity for employers to do better. A living wage calls on employers to meet a higher standard for their both staff and major contractors, to ensure that wages reflect the true costs of living in a community and that parents can earn what they need to support their families. More than 100 Living Wage Employers across BC agree and have certified with the Living Wage for Families Campaign.
The Living Wage for Families also advocates for policies that would positively impact families. We support the call for quality and affordable child care as well as for housing policies that would help low-wage families make ends meet.
Story highlights The decision ends a stand-off over making the Russia-linked ads public
Facebook turned over 3,000 Russian-linked ads to the intelligence committees
(CNN) The House intelligence committee will release copies of the election-related Facebook ads that were purchased by Russian-linked accounts, the committee leaders said Wednesday.
Following a meeting with Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, the leaders of the House Russia investigation -- Reps. Mike Conaway of Texas and Adam Schiff of California -- said they had reached an agreement to release the Russia-linked content.
"It will be released by our committee," said Schiff.
The decision for the House intelligence committee to release the ads ends a standoff between Congress and Facebook over making the ads public, after Facebook turned over 3,000 Russian-linked ads to the intelligence committees but bristled at the notion of releasing them, citing the company's privacy policy.
Read More
Start in one edge or corner and sweep in overlapping strokes in towards the center of the room. Pull the broom against the floor in one direction and lift it back to that edge in the other direction.
6
Collect the piles. Use a dustpan and either the broom or a brush. Sweep the debris into the dustpan and dispose of it in the trash. If the dustpan leaves a line right under the rim, move it back and sweep some more. When the line doesn't seem to be getting any smaller, you can either sweep that part under the rug or pick it up with a damp cloth or other means. Outdoors, you may prefer the grass catcher from a push mower, an outdoor dustpan, or a shovel or rake to collect debris.
What is Productivity
Productivity, in economics, measures output per unit of input, such as labor, capital or any other resource – and is typically calculated for the economy as a whole, as a ratio of gross domestic product (GDP) to hours worked. Labor productivity may be further broken down by sector to examine trends in labor growth, wage levels and technological improvement. Corporate profits and shareholder returns are directly linked to productivity growth.
At the corporate level, where productivity is a measure of the efficiency of a company's production process, it is calculated by measuring the number of units produced relative to employee labor hours or by measuring a company's net sales relative to employee labor hours.
1:15 Productivity
BREAKING DOWN Productivity
Productivity is the key source of economic growth and competitiveness. A country's ability to improve its standard of living depends almost entirely on its ability to raise its output per worker, i.e., producing more goods and services for a given number of hours of work. Economists use productivity growth to model the productive capacity of economies and determine their capacity utilization rates. This, in turn, is used to forecast business cycles and predict future levels of GDP growth. In addition, production capacity and utilization are used to assess demand and inflationary pressures.
Labor Productivity
The most commonly reported productivity measure is labor productivity published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. This is based on the ratio of GDP to total hours worked in the economy. Labor productivity growth comes from increases in the amount of capital available to each worker (capital deepening), the education and experience of the workforce (labor composition) and improvements in technology (multi-factor productivity growth).
However, productivity is not necessarily an indicator of the health of an economy at a given point in time. For example, in the 2009 recession in the United States, output and hours worked were both falling while productivity was growing — because hours worked were falling faster than output. Because gains in productivity can occur both in recessions and in expansions — as it did in the late 1990s — one needs to take the economic context into account when analyzing productivity data.
The Solow Residual and Multi-Factor Productivity
There are many factors that affect a country's productivity, such as investment in plant and equipment, innovation, improvements in supply chain logistics, education, enterprise and competition. The Solow residual, which is usually referred to as total factor productivity, measures the portion of an economy's output growth that cannot be attributed to the accumulation of capital and labor. It is interpreted as the contribution to economic growth made by managerial, technological, strategic and financial innovations. Also known as multi-factor productivity (MFP), this measure of economic performance compares the number of goods and services produced to the number of combined inputs used to produce those goods and services. Inputs can include labor, capital, energy, materials and purchased services.
Productivity Growth, Savings and Investment
When productivity fails to grow significantly, it limits potential gains in wages, corporate profits and living standards. Investment in an economy is equal to the level of savings because investment has to be financed from saving. Low savings rates can lead to lower investment rates and lower growth rates for labor productivity and real wages. This is why it is feared that the low savings rate in the U.S. could hurt productivity growth in the future.
Since the global financial crisis, the growth in labor productivity has collapsed in every advanced economy. It is one of the main reasons why GDP growth has been so sluggish since then. In the U.S., labor productivity growth fell to an annualized rate of 1.1% between 2007 and 2017, compared to at an average of 2.5% in nearly every economic recovery since 1948. This has been blamed on the declining quality of labor, diminishing returns from technological innovation and the global debt overhang, which has led to increased taxation, which has in turn suppressed demand and capital expenditure.
Sad. Angry. Confused. Powerless.
That's how I felt after the gun-related deaths of last week – Baton Rouge, Falcon Heights and Dallas, coming right on the heels of Orlando.
How does one untangle the threads – institutionalized racism, individual racism, mental health, homophobia, militarization of the police?
Taken together it's overwhelming.
But there is a single thread that runs through all these events, and that's the thread we need to pull. The proliferation of handguns and assault rifles, open carry, weak background checks, cop-killer bullets – the policy agenda of the National Rifle Association (NRA). Not of gun owners. Not of hunters. But of the NRA, an organization that has such a stranglehold on our political system that a rational discussion of gun policy is impossible.
It's easy to confuse the NRA for an interest group. They're not. They're a business, a $300 million dollar business whose revenue model is based on maintaining a constant level of panic among otherwise responsible gun owners, fearful that the government is just around the corner waiting to seize everyone's guns.
It's a familiar business model. Consider Cuba's Fidel Castro, who spent 30 years warning that the US was poised to invade. Or the propaganda that supports the brutal oppression of the North Koreans, or the Ayatollah Khomeini's description of the United States as “the Great Satan.” It's hyperbole meant to control the masses.
In response, to those three tyrants the United States adopted an economic blockade.
If we're ever to advance the national conversation about sensible gun control, then the progressive movement needs to adopt a total economic blockade of the NRA – refusing to do business with ANYONE who does business with the NRA.
We need to demand that the non-profits we support, the associations we belong to and the corporations we patronize stop using firms that serve NRA. Here are a few examples:
· InfoCision, the NRA's call center company, boasts on their website of also having AT&T, Comcast, Cox, Time Warner, the Communication Workers of America and UNICEF among their clients.
· Ackerman McQueen, the NRA's Oklahoma City based advertising agency, also has the United Way of Oklahoma City among their clients.
· Palm Coast Data, of Palm Coast FL, the data processing and magazine fulfillment company that handles the NRA magazine, also provides services to Audubon, Nickleodeon and The Nation.
· The Georgia World Congress Center, which will host the 2017 NRA Convention, is also hosting the Susan Komen Breast Cancer 3 Day, and many large association conferences.
One of the most important and certainly the most public business partner of the NRA is Visa, the credit card company. The NRA has a partnership with Visa, whereby NRA members can apply for a special Visa card which generates significant revenue for the NRA.
Guess who else offers Visa cards to their members? The Human Rights Campaign, the NAACP, PETA, the Service Employees International Union, the Fraternal Order of Police, and dozens of other organizations.
These groups may very well be unaware of Visa's relationship with the NRA. But they should now tell Visa that so long as the credit card company continues to partner with the NRA, they will switch their business to MasterCard. And as consumers who probably have both cards in our wallet, we should “blockade” Visa, and do our charging with a MasterCard or any other friendly card.
The progressive community has tremendous economic clout. Now's the time to use it. The NRA is a toxic force in American politics. We need to contain their toxic influence through an economic blockade.
Money talks. It's time to be heard.
Jerusalem (CNN) The spiral of violence spurred by Israeli-Palestinian tensions showed no sign of slowing Monday as officials reported multiple knife attacks on Israelis in the flashpoint city of Jerusalem.
The reported stabbings are the latest in a wave of recent clashes as tensions seethe over a disputed holy site in Jerusalem's Old City.
In one of the incidents Monday, two Israelis, ages 16 and 20, were stabbed in Pisgat Zeev, in the northern part of east Jerusalem. One of the injured, a boy who was riding a bicycle at the time of the attack, is in critical condition, Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said. The second person has serious wounds, he said.
Two attackers ran from the scene, and one -- a 17-year-old -- was shot by police as he ran toward them with a knife, Rosenfeld said.
Another stabbing attack in Jerusalem near the police headquarters ended with a suspect shot at the scene, Rosenfeld posted on his official Twitter account. Rosenfeld said the attacker was a woman and one officer was slightly injured.
A Palestinian witness who was walking by heard the gunshots.
"I was walking home when I saw a number of school students that were on their way home from school followed by six or seven settlers who were going after them and provoking them," said the person, who did not want to be named for security reasons. "Then, suddenly I heard shots and saw one of the girls injured on the ground. I don't know if it's the settlers or the police officers who fired towards them."
Attacks on police, soldier reported
Near one of the gates to Jerusalem's Old City , Israeli police said they shot and killed a young Palestinian man who attacked one of their border officers with a knife.
Border police officers were suspicious of a man walking with his hands in his pockets and asked him to stop and take them out, Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri said.
As the officers approached him, the man, a Palestinian, took out a knife and stabbed one of them in his flak jacket, Samri said. Border police responded by shooting and killing the man, she said, without providing details on his identity.
Close friends of the Palestinian's family identified him as Mustafa al Khateeb, an 18-year-old from east Jerusalem who was in his last year of high school.
The police officer was unharmed in the clash, Samri said.
A fourth stabbing occurred on Monday evening, according to Rosenfeld, who said a Palestinian man attempted to grab a weapon from an Israeli soldier inside a bus at an entrance to Jerusalem.
After failing to get the weapon, the attacker attempted to strangle the soldier and stabbed him, wounding the soldier lightly, Rosenfeld said. A passenger aboard the bus struggled with the attacker and a police officer boarded the bus and fought the attacker, who appeared to have grabbed the policeman's weapon, police said.
When a second police officer got onto the bus and saw the attacker with a gun, the officer shot and killed him, Rosenfeld said.
Violence spreads to Gaza
The violence Monday followed a weekend of deadly clashes and an order by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for police reinforcements in Jerusalem.
The Israeli Air Force bombed two Hamas weapon manufacturing facilities in northern Gaza early Sunday in response to a rocket fired into southern Israel.
The exchange of fire suggested the Israeli-Palestinian tensions were spreading beyond Jerusalem and the West Bank.
The Israeli strike on Gaza City caused a house to collapse, resulting in the deaths of a 3-year-old and a 35-year-old woman who was five months pregnant, the Gaza City Fire Department said.
Israel's Iron Dome missile defense system intercepted the rocket from Gaza with no injuries or damage reported, according to the Israeli military. Another rocket launched from Gaza on Sunday hit an open area in southern Israel without causing any reported injuries, it said.
Mounting death toll
Two young Palestinian men carried out knife attacks near Jerusalem's Old City on Saturday in which several police officers and other Israelis were hurt, according to police. Both the attackers were killed by police, authorities said.
Six other Palestinians were killed in clashes with Israeli security forces over the weekend, according to the Palestinian Red Crescent. They included a 13-year-old boy who was hit by a rubber-coated bullet in the West Bank on Sunday, according to the Palestinian Health Ministry.
Hundreds of other Palestinians were wounded in the clashes in Jerusalem, the West Bank and Gaza, the Red Crescent said.
The Health Ministry reported Sunday that 24 Palestinians have been killed since the beginning of October and more than 1,300 have been wounded by live and rubber-coated bullets.
Four Israelis have been killed and several others wounded in knife and gun attacks by Palestinians in Jerusalem and the West Bank since October 1.
Some have suggested the violence represents the start of the third intifada, or uprising, by Palestinians. But others have dismissed that label, saying the unrest is simply the consequence of the absence of any move toward peace.
"We've tried negotiations and it didn't work. So now we will fight," one Palestinian youth in the West Bank city of Hebron told CNN as thick smoke rose from flaming tires.
Tensions over holy site
Amid the continuing attacks, about 1,600 reserve border police officers have been mobilized in Jerusalem and throughout Israel, the Prime Minister's office said over the weekend.
The additional force will continue as necessary as "a primary preventive and deterrent measure," the statement said.
"We are in the midst of a wave of terrorism originating from systematic and mendacious incitement regarding the Temple Mount -- incitement by Hamas, the Palestinian Authority and the Islamic Movement in Israel," Netanyahu said.
The Temple Mount is the Old City holy site that Muslims call the Noble Sanctuary.
Palestinians have repeatedly clashed with Israeli security forces at the site in recent weeks, prompting Israel to restrict access to the site.
Palestinian leaders have suggested the Israeli government is planning to change the status quo at the site, where Jews are allowed to visit but not pray.
Netanyahu has denied the allegations and called on both sides to abstain from going to the site to avoid escalating the situation.
...Sooooooo am I the only one who's kinda tired of all the Reformed/Good!Sonata fan-stuff and want to see more evil stuff of her? No? Yes?...Well fine then, I'll do it myselfXD I mean sorry, no offense to those who like Good!Sonata, but the idea just sounds a tad too...I dunno..."predictable", if you ask me :/. I mean, sure she IS a pretty funny and adorable character, but just because she's cute and all doesn't automatically mean she'd fit better as a good guy or that she's bound to reform eventually. I mean, just look at famous villainesses like Harley Quinn (from Batman), she's described by her own creators as being one to bring a sense of "innocence" to such a dark and dreary universe, but it doesn't mean she'd just turn head and turn good. Harley knows what she's doing with the Joker and the other Gotham bad-guys is wrong, yet she still goes along as any villain would in her position. And thus, I would think Sonata would do the same...still going along with whatever evil plan Adagio Dazzle comes up with without a second thought. She may flash a little smile or a dumb laugh on the sides, but no matter what...being on the evil side is perfectly fine in her eyes~-------------Sonata Dusk belongs to and Hasbro
New Delhi: To improve ease of doing business, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Saturday said a start-up would now need only a certificate of recognition from the government to avail Intellectual Property Rights (IPR)-related benefits.
Earlier, an entrepreneur had to go through an elaborate process of approaching an inter-ministerial board to procure the IPR benefits.
“A start-up would now require only a certificate of recognition from the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) and would not be required to be examined by the inter-ministerial board, as it was being done earlier. This is one rapid change that we have brought in," she said in New Delhi at the ‘Start-up India States' Conference'.
Under the ‘Start-up India' action plan, the government has announced three-year tax holiday and other benefits to these entrepreneurs. She also said that the ministry has lined up a series of meetings with different stakeholders, including investors to resolve start-up issues. She will also meet investors, industry and journalists soon.
Commenting on views of some critics about interference of government in implementing the action plan for start-ups, particularly on extending tax holiday, Sitharaman said the government is committed to facilitate young entrepreneurs. “...many questions are being raised about ‘minimum government and maximum governance'. I want to ensure that the government is only facilitating you," she said. However, she said, “As and when money has to be spent, it will have to be looked into. All of us are duty-bound to be accountable and transparent... Accountability and transparency warrants that if tax breaks have to be given, in cases when the government defers, postpones or foregoes, we have to have some kind of accountability system. Therefore, there has to be an inter-ministerial board".
The minister also said that seven proposals for research parks, 16 for TBIs (Technology Business Incubators) and 13 proposals for Start-up Centres have been recommended by the National Expert Advisory Committee formed by the human resource development ministry. “These proposals will be implemented in the current financial year itself," she added.
To obtain tax and IPR related benefits, a start-up shall be required to be certified as an eligible business from the inter-ministerial board of certification. The board consists of DIPP joint secretary, representative of Department of Science and Technology; and Department of Bio-technology.
Sitharaman asked all the stakeholders to regularly provide inputs to further improve the start-up ecosystem to give it an impetus. India is ranked third in the world, behind the US and the UK in terms of number of start-ups. Close to 4,400 technology start-ups exist in India and the number is expected to reach 12,000-plus by 2020, driven by a young and diverse entrepreneurial ecosystem, she said.
On the rate of success of start-ups, she said: “World-over, the success rate is not very high. But that is the nature of the business. Rate of success is beyond the government. What the government, however, can do is to give a chance to every idea to reach some stage and give facilitation and tax breaks," she said.
She also said that the DIPP has written to the top 50 companies requesting them to support the initiative under their CSR activities by setting up new incubators in collaboration with educational institutes. Five states including Rajasthan, Kerala, Telangana, Karnataka gave detailed presentation about their initiatives to boost start-up ecosystem. “Every state is working for start-ups and it's not like these five states only are working," Sitharaman said.
In January, Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled a slew of incentives to boost start-up businesses, offering them a tax holiday and inspector raj-free regime, capital gains tax exemption and ₹ 10,000 crore corpus to fund them.
6 years ago
Denver (CNN) – President Barack Obama fired back at Mitt Romney in his first post-debate stop in Denver Thursday, contrasting the Romney he saw at the debate with the Romney seen on the campaign trail over the last year.
"We had our first debate last night, and when I got onto the stage I met this very spirited fellow who claimed to be Mitt Romney," Obama told the crowd of roughly 12,300. "But it couldn't have been the real Mitt Romney."
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker
- Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November.
The "real" Romney, he said, has traveled the country promoting tax cuts for the wealthy, education plans that would hurt teachers and was a pioneer of outsourcing jobs overseas.
However, Wednesday night, Obama said Romney reversed those views because he "doesn't want to be held accountable for the real Mitt Romney" and "what he's been saying for the last year."
The president's comments echoed much of what his campaign has been peddling since the showdown, largely in response to criticism Obama did not bring his A-game to the first debate.
But at the campaign event, Obama said he spent the 90 minute event "trying to hit him down."
He also took on a much talked about moment, when Romney said eliminating funding for PBS, among other programs, would help drive down the debt.
"Thank goodness somebody is finally getting tough on Big Bird. It's about time," Obama said. "We didn't know that Big Bird was driving the federal deficit, but that's what we heard last night. How about that?"
Responding to the crowd, Obama said "Elmo too?"
Ryan Williams, a spokesman for Mitt Romney, defended the candidate's performance, writing in a statement, "Last night, Mitt Romney demonstrated why he should be President, laying out the clear choice in this election."
The Obama event attendees were on the receiving end of a will.i.am DJ fest before hearing from former Transportation Secretary Frederico Pena, Colorado Sen. Mark Udall and then the president.
will.i.am., of Black Eyed Peas fame, is an ardent supporter of the president and attended the debate Wednesday night. An aide to the musician said he plans to help the president's re-election effort "as much as we possibly can," adding that he will join the president next in Ohio next week.
FIVE years since the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) adopted a new software to assess and compute property tax through a capital value-based system, anomalies in computation, miscalculation and a number of other technical glitches continue to plague the assessment department of the municipality. After the civic body migrated from the rateable value-based system to the more scientific system based on capital values of properties, tax revenue to the tune of Rs 7,000 crore is locked in disputes and litigation. That is more than the annual average of Rs 5,000 crore collected by the BMC in property taxes.
Advertising
Since March 2013, more than 54,317 call logs / complaints regarding the property tax assessment system have been recorded from the city's 24 wards. More than 3,000 complaints are still pending resolution.
According to assessment inspectors across the city, glitches in the software are plenty. It does not update payments made online, amount payable annually is often mentioned as due for six months in the annexure / bills, navigation from one section to another on the same page is not possible without logging in multiple times, no history of payments is maintained. Also, systems remain unoperational for almost three months every year, leading to piling up of work load.
“In order to generate increased revenue through tax collection and overcome the limitations arising out of the rateable value system where rent control limits the notional rateable value or rent-earning value of a property, the rateable value system was discontinued in 2010. However, neither was staff trained, nor was software for computing and calculating tax as per the new system ready. It led to chaos to the extent that we continue to come across errors till date,” said a senior assessment inspector.
Advertising
The issue of nearly Rs 11,000 crore (cumulatively since before migration to the new system) locked up due to litigation was recently taken up by BJP corporator Abhijit Samant who raised a point of order in a Standing Committee meeting.
The BMC issues two property tax bills — one for the April-September period and the second for the October-March period. The tax amount is based on the area, construction, property size and the age of the building. Property Tax also includes taxes such as water tax, sewerage tax, etc.
Anomalies in computation alongside the steeper new taxes have caused concerns for home and property owners. The new system also carries the threat of hefty penalties for non-payment.
The software glitches have led to assessment inspectors facing public wrath due to miscalculation and wrong computation. One inspector said, “Taxpayers don't buy these reasons for the goof-ups. They have accepted the new system; they pay tax on time, but still face problems. They blame us because we have assessed their properties and they know us. Technically we work for seven hours, of which three hours are spent facing angry tax payers.”
To cite an example, Vinay Joshi, a resident of Vile Parle, cleared his property tax for 2015-16 and left for the US. When he returned, he found a BMC notice intimating him that his property tax was outstanding. Joshi had made the payment online and had received a receipt, but the same was not updated in the system. The payment was then updated manually.
In the case of Seven Hills hospital, Andheri, the hospital administration was issued a notice stating that the amount payable as property tax for 2011, 2012 and 2013 was Rs 1,017 crore, but the hospital contended that the amount was Rs 585 crore. The hospital administration wrote to the civic body in 2014 lodging its objection. The matter then landed in court.
Another example is that of Unity Complex, a residential society in Malad West, which also alleged that it had received inflated property tax bills this year in July.
All these cases were then resolved by making manual corrections in the software. “There are several modules where we add, edit data. However, to work on each module, one has to first log in, complete the work, take a printout and following this, the system logs you out. One has to re-login to work on another module on the same page. The system is designed in such a manner that it leads to both waste of time and paper,” said an assessment inspector.
While errors still crop up, the contract with the company which designed and maintained the system has concluded, leaving the department to tackle pending and unresolved complaints.
“Already, there were so many problems with the system and the support provided only dealt with individual complaints and not the root cause of the problem. However, now that the contract has concluded, it's like we are moving in a bus without a driver. We were doing better calculations manually,” said an official.
Advertising
Sanjog Kabare, BMC's Assessor and Collector, said there had been issues but they have been resolved. “Pending ones will be resolved as soon as new contract is signed, which will be done by next week,” Kabare said.
Playing hockey on top of a mountain is not just for Mounties anymore, now that a B.C. heli-ski company has begun offering people a chance to play hockey at a high elevation.
The company rk heliski, which is based in Invermere in southeastern B.C., built the outdoor rink on Shamrock Lake for a beer commercial. It is located at an elevation of 2,500 metres high up in the Purcell mountain range.
RCMP officer Cpl. Shaun Begg, who plays recreational hockey with Kaslo's Afterburners, had a chance to play shinny with his teammates and a few others on the remote rink.
Afterwards, Begg put on his red serge uniform for a skate and someone snapped a photo of him moving in for a shot on goal in front of the quintessential mountain backdrop.
Graham Holt, manager of rk heliski, said after the RCMP tweeted a shot of Begg and it became a viral hit, the operation's phone started ringing with calls from people who wanted to skate on the alpine rink.
Holt said he's since flown in hundreds of people ranging in age from seven to 70 wanting to play on the same mountain lake. The players include everyone from couples seeking a casual skate to hardcore hockey teams looking for an unforgettable game of shinny.
"It's my understanding no one else in the world has done this. So it's a completely novel experience and you can't get any more Canadian than playing hockey in an alpine environment up at 2,500 metres."
It costs $350 a player, but Holt warns anyone interested better be quick, because maintaining a rink at that elevation is a lot of work and he's not certain whether there will be a second season.
The original RCMP tweet
BillMoyers.com is proud to collaborate with TalkPoverty.org as we focus on poverty coverage over the next two weeks. Every day, visit BillMoyers.com to discover a new action you can take to help turn the tide in the fight against poverty.
Fifty years ago, the US National Student Association (The United States Student Association's predecessor) declared its support for “the establishment of free public higher education throughout the United States financed by the local, state and federal governments, with the purpose of furthering the freedom of the individual and the critical spirit which ensures a dynamic and democratic society.”
Last night in his State of the Union address, the president said the words ‘free' and ‘college' in the same sentence. The administration's proposal is a big deal.
Last week in Tennessee and last night in his State of the Union address, the president said the words ‘free' and ‘college' in the same sentence. The administration's proposal is a big deal. It would offer funding to states to completely eliminate tuition at community colleges (on average $3,800). The funding would also not be last-dollar, meaning students could receive additional aid to offset living expenses.
We welcome the president to the fight for free college, and we believe that all public higher education in the US should be free! Thomas Piketty, author of Capital in the 21st Century attributes lower wage inequality in Scandinavian countries to their “egalitarian and inclusive” system of higher education. He goes on to write if America invested more in broader access to education, this would surely be among the best ways to ameliorate inequality.
The Occupy Wall St. movement undoubtedly laid the groundwork for Piketty's work on inequality to be met with critical acclaim in the US. 2014 was the year that minimum wage fights won across the country. 2015 and 2016 will be the years that we build a new movement with a clear and comprehensive demand: free college. If you're on a college campus, plug into our local chapters; if you're not, talk to your elected representatives. To be clear: our movement is not simply legislative in scope. We are doing this by building a nonviolent, direct action-oriented movement. And we will win.
The views expressed in this post are the author's alone, and presented here to offer a variety of perspectives to our readers.
PBS is gearing up to make its kids programing a round-the-clock affair.
On Tuesday, the publicly-funded network unveiled plans for a free service that will stream live programing for children 24/7 on multiple platforms. Provided by local PBS stations, the new live programing will be available for free, both on local television channels, and online through the PBS website and apps for mobile devices and streaming devices like Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Xbox One, and Chromecast.
PBS already provides some of its content on-demand through the web and mobile apps, but the new venture will provide all-day live programming so that kids and their parents just simply tune in and catch whatever is on the schedule at that time. It will also help fill out hours later in the day when parents are home from work and family television watching is highest, according to PBS.
“Television continues to be the most widely used platform for children's educational content, especially among low-income families,” said PBS president and CEO Paula Kerger in a statement. PBS touts its shows as a positive option for children who don't have the opportunity to attend preschool.
Following the initial debut of the new service, PBS plans to integrate a game feature to the digital version that lets children complete activities related to each show's values and lessons.
This isn't the first PBS kids channel—it operated one in the early 2000s, largely funded by DirecTV, though it shut down in 2005. PBS later teamed up with Comcast to relaunch it as Sprout, a partnership that lasted until 2013.
-- Posted Friday, 19 June 2009 | Digg This Article | | Source: GoldSeek.com
Harry Browne, the former Libertarian Party candidate for president, used to say: the government is great at breaking your leg, handing you a crutch, and saying You see, without me you couldn't walk.' That maxim is clearly illustrated by the financial industry regulatory reforms proposed this week by the Obama Administration. In seeking to undo the damage inflicted over the past decade by misguided government policies, the new regulatory regime would ensure that the problems underlying our financial system will only get worse. As was the case with the deeply flawed Sarbanes-Oxley legislation of 2002, or the misguided provisions of the Patriot Act of 2001, such as the torturous anti-money laundering requirements, the move will further burden the financial services industry with unnecessary regulation that will drive up costs, lower quality, and shelter the biggest and least innovative companies. Ultimately, the structure will put the entire U.S. financial industry at a global competitive disadvantage. The underlying problem is that the excessive risk taking which brought about the crisis was not market-driven, but a direct consequence of government interference with risk-inhibiting market forces. Rather than learning from its mistakes and allowing market forces to once again control risks and efficiently allocate resources, the government is merely repeating its mistakes on a grander scale  thereby sowing the seeds for an even greater crisis in the future. As is typical of government attempts to control economic outcomes, Obama's plans focuses on the symptoms of the disease and not the cause. The American financial system imploded for two reasons: cheap money and moral hazard  both of which were supplied by the government. Under the proposed new regulatory structures, these toxic ingredients will be combined in ever-increasing quantities. The proposals most notably involve extra regulatory oversight of financial entities that the government deems too big to fail. This implies that it is desirable to have such entities in the first place, and that the government will continue to back those large organizations that fall under its protection. These too big to fail firms will enjoy a competitive advantage over smaller firms in attracting capital, as lenders will perceive zero risk in extending them credit. This will cause these firms to grow even larger, producing even greater systemic risks and larger losses when the next round of bailouts arrives. Meanwhile, smaller firms which seek to expand, and which propose no systemic risks, will face greater challenges as higher capital costs render them less competitive. If the government did not provide these bailouts or guarantees, then the market itself would ensure organizations did not grow beyond their ability to attract capital. It is only when market discipline is overcome by government guarantees that systemic risks arise. Obama proposes to entrust the critical job of systemic risk regulator to the Federal Reserve, the very organization that has proven most adept at creating systemic risk. This is like making Keith Richards the head of the DEA. Given the Federal Reserve's disastrous monetary policy over the past decade, any attempt to expand the Fed's role should be vigorously opposed. Through decades of short-sighted interest rate decisions, the Fed has proven time and again that it is only able to close the barn door after the entire herd has escaped. If setting interest rates had been left to the free market, none of the excesses we have seen in the credit market would have been remotely possible. The perverse result will be that our government and the Fed gain more power as a direct result of their own incompetence. Such was also the case with Freddie and Fannie, which should have been allowed to fail, but were nationalized instead, leaving them in a position to do even more damage. The new round of regulations ignores them completely. Along those lines, ratings agencies such as Standard and Poor's and Moody's that completely missed the mark were also spared. Perhaps this special treatment is a way of ensuring that Treasury debt maintains its bogus AAA rating. Unfortunately, despite their intent, my guess is that the new regulations will most severely impact smaller firms, like my own, that never engaged in reckless behavior. This will further reward those too big to fail firms, whose economies of scale and cozy relationships with regulators leave them better positioned than their smaller rivals to absorb the costs of the added red tape. With the transition now fully under way, I propose we end the pretense and rename our country: The United Socialist States of America. In fact, given all the czars already in Washington, we might as well go with the Russian theme completely: appoint a Politburo, move into dilapidated housing blocks, and parade our missiles in the streets. On the bright side, there's always the borscht. For a more in depth analysis of our financial problems and the inherent dangers they pose for the U.S. economy and U.S. dollar, read my newest book "The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets." Click here to order your copy now. For a look back at how I predicted our current problems read my 2007 bestseller "Crash Proof: How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse." Click here to order a copy today. More importantly, don't wait for reality to set in. Protect your wealth and preserve your purchasing power before it's too late. Discover the best way to buy gold at www.goldyoucanfold.com. Download my free Special Report, "Peter Schiff's Five Favorite Investment Choices for the Next Five Years", at http://www.europac.net/report/index_fivefavorites.asp. Subscribe to my free, on-line investment newsletter, "The Global Investor", at http://www.europac.net/newsletter/newsletter.asp. And now watch the latest episode of my new video blog, The Schiff Report, at http://www.europac.net/videoblog.asp.
-- Posted Friday, 19 June 2009 | Digg This Article | Source: GoldSeek.com - Peter Schiff C.E.O. and Chief Global Strategist
Euro Pacific Capital, Inc.
10 Corbin Drive, Suite B
Darien, Ct. 06840
800-727-7922
www.europac.net
schiff@europac.net
Mr. Schiff is one of the few non-biased investment advisors (not committed solely to the short side of the market) to have correctly called the current bear market before it began and to have positioned his clients accordingly. As a result of his accurate forecasts on the U.S. stock market, commodities, gold and the dollar, he is becoming increasingly more renowned. He has been quoted in many of the nation's leading newspapers, including The Wall Street Journal, Barron's, Investor's Business Daily, The Financial Times, The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, The Chicago Tribune, The Dallas Morning News, The Miami Herald, The San Francisco Chronicle, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Arizona Republic, The Philadelphia Inquirer, and the Christian Science Monitor, and has appeared on CNBC, CNNfn., and Bloomberg. In addition, his views are frequently quoted locally in the Orange County Register.
Mr. Schiff began his investment career as a financial consultant with Shearson Lehman Brothers, after having earned a degree in finance and accounting from U.C. Berkley in 1987. A financial professional for seventeen years he joined Euro Pacific in 1996 and has served as its President since January 2000. An expert on money, economic theory, and international investing, he is a highly recommended broker by many of the nation's financial newsletters and advisory services.
Previous Articles by Peter Schiff, Euro Pacific Capital, Inc.
When we think of Gustav Klimt we see beautiful women portraits, sensual and dangerous compositions, gold and decorative motifs.
But if you have ever been to the famous building of Vienna Secession building (which is now a gallery of contemporary art) you can also think of a huge gorilla in a turban.
The gorilla is not an animal – it is a mythological giant, Typhoeus. He is a part of a large frieze, called the Beethoven Frieze. It was painted in 1902 for the 14th Vienna Secessionist exhibition in celebration of the composer, and featured a monumental polychrome sculpture by Max Klinger. Based on Richard Wagner's interpretation of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, it marks the beginning of Klimt's “golden period”. Meant for the exhibition only, the frieze was painted directly on the walls with light materials. It's large, standing at 7 feet high with a width of 112 feet. The entire work weighs four tons.
The exhibition was a sublime realisation of the Gesamtkunstwerk in which the different arts – architecture, painting, sculpture and music – were united under a common theme.
After the exhibition the painting was preserved, and in 1915 it was sold to a Jewish industrialist, August Lederer. In 1938, much of Mr. Lederer's art collection, including the frieze, was seized by the Nazis but it came back to it's place in 1986. In this horrible times it was a stroke of luck that it survived. Look how the Secession building looked like in 1945:
But coming back to the Frieze.
What is it about? Of course, it's about music. It illustrates the human desire for happiness in a suffering and tempestuous world in which one contends not only with external evil forces but also with internal weaknesses. The viewer follows this journey of discovery in a stunning visual and linear fashion. It begins gently with the floating female Genii searching the Earth
but soon follows the dark, sinister-looking storm-wind giant, Typhoeus, his three Gorgon daughters and images representing sickness, madness, death, lust and wantonness above and to the right.
Thence appears the knight in shining armour who offers hope due to his own ambition and sympathy for the pleading, suffering humans. The journey ends in the discovery of joy by means of the arts and contentment is represented in the close embrace of a kiss.
Thus, the frieze expounds psychological human yearning, ultimately satisfied through individual and communal searching and the beauty of the arts coupled with love and companionship.
Find out more:
A John McGinn strike 16 minutes from time put Hibs into the League Cup final after a terrific tussle with St Johnstone at Tynecastle.
Hibs had taken the lead just before the half hour with a controversial penalty duly put away by Jason Cummings.
Tommy Wright's team responded four minutes later when Joe Shaughnessy headed an equaliser.
McGinn's low drive from distance settled the game and set up a meeting with either Celtic or Ross County.
It was a lead the Edinburgh side deserved and maintained thanks to a fine late save by Mark Oxley from another Shaughnessy header.
This was a semi-final played out in biting cold, rain and occasional snow. For all that, it was an absorbing clash of Championship versus Premiership, of a Hibs side on a great run and a St Johnstone side who came into this on a poor run of no wins from their previous six games.
Hibs were without the injured Anthony Stokes - a minor back strain kept him out - but they went in front when Liam Henderson cut across Chris Millar, drawing a tentative challenge. There was contact, but how much contact was debatable.
Saints thought it was a minimal and protested vehemently when referee Steven McLean awarded the penalty. Cummings calmly rolled it in and Hibs were on their way.
Their glee was brief, their advantage wiped out in quick order. When David Wotherspoon swung in a cross from the right, Shaughnessy angled a superb header into the top corner.
You could not say Hibs took control from there, but most of the clever football came from the Championship side and most of the big performers wore green instead of blue.
Across the midfield, the Edinburgh side were sharp and slick.
McGinn was excellent in an attacking sense and Dylan McGeouch was a rock behind them. Henderson played powerfully and Fraser Fyvie was decent also.
Saints have character, though. At the beginning of the second half they rattled Hibs' crossbar from a Simon Lappin free-kick and never looked beaten even when McGinn rifled home to give Alan Stubbs' team the lead again.
Saints players were unhappy with the first-half penalty award
It was deserved, you have to say. Cummings and Chris Dagnall had gone close, as had Henderson. McGinn's goal was coming and well-earned.
Hibs made more chances - Dagnall again, then McGinn's delicious turn and run caused more trouble for the Saints defence.
The Perth side finished strongly, not decisively. Shaughnessy's header was tipped away by Oxley, then an ineffective Michael O'Halloran drove over from a decent position.
Stubbs has worked wonders with this Hibs side since the dog days of relegation in 2014. Their world has turned since then.
With temperatures consistently hitting the high 20s, Metro Vancouver is getting parched.
The heat is on: lawns are turning brown and the Vancouver Park Board is even sounding the alarm about thirsty trees. Darrell Mussatto, the chair of Metro Vancouver's Utilities Committee and the mayor of the City of North Vancouver, checked in with On The Coast with a water update.
The three water sources that supply Metro Vancouver—the Capilano Reservoir, Seymour Reservoir and Coquitlam Reservoir—are holding steady for now despite the heat streak, Mussatto told CBC On The Coast guest host Gloria Macarenko.
"Our reservoirs are in pretty good shape," he said. "They are about where they should be."
Reservoir levels
Metro Vancouver publishes a weekly report of the reservoir levels during the summer and, right now, the levels are roughly the same as this time last year and well within the normal range.
Metro Vancouver publishes a weekly report on the reservoir storage levels from May to October, when demand is higher and levels decrease. (Metro Vancouver)
The Capilano Reservoir levels are lower than usual because of drum gate maintenance but Mussatto said he is confident that the other two reservoirs will hold until the fall—as long as water preservation guidelines are followed.
"Even if we do have a dry fall, if we keep to our restrictions and keep monitoring our water use, we should be just fine," he said.
Conservation still needed
Metro Vancouver uses about 1.4 billion litres of water a day during the summer, above the national average. Mussatto emphasized the need to conserve water, despite the steady levels of the reservoirs.
"If one person wastes a bit of water, we think that's fine and it doesn't make a difference. But if 2.5 million people did that, it adds up very quickly," he said.
Metro Vancouver is under a Level 1 water restriction until October 15, meaning residents can only water their lawns on specific days of the week and face restrictions on washing vehicles.
Level 3 restrictions announced
However, other parts of the province are in more dire circumstances. The B.C. government announced a Level 3 restriction for the North Thompson and South Thompson regions today and is urging water users to reduce consumption by 30 per cent.
Mussatto said even small measures, such as taking a shorter shower or not watering the lawn as often, can make a difference in water conservation.
To listen to the full interview with Darrell Mussatto, click on the audio link below:
With files from On The Coast.
Michigan state Rep. Brandon Dillon, speaking December 6. See Eclectablog for a partial transcript.
The lawmakers—who include Senator Carl Levin and Reps. John Conyers, John Dingell, and Sander Levin—will try to persuade Snyder that proceeding with the anti-union initiative will badly damage the state and that there is a middle-ground way out of the situation, a labor official familiar with planning tells me. For instance, the official says, they will suggest to Snyder that if he must sign the legislation, then perhaps he can drop the GOP's procedural tactic and allow it to subsequently come before the people in the form of a referendum. That would at least allow Michigan voters to weigh in on the initiative, perhaps defusing some public anger.
In short, we trusted Snyder's judgment. That trust has now been betrayed—for us, and for the hundreds of thousand of independents who voted for Snyder with the conviction that they were electing someone more independent, and more visionary, than partisan apparatchiks like Wisconsin's Scott Walker or Florida's Rick Scott. [...] His insistence that the legislation was designed to promote the interests of unionized workers and "bring Michiganders together" was grotesquely disingenuous; even as he spoke, security personnel were locking down the capital in anticipation of protests by angry unionists.
The Michigan legislature is expected to pass, and Gov. Rick Snyder is expected to sign, an anti-union law on Tuesday, including a provision that would prevent the law from being put on the ballot for a popular vote. But opponents of the law aren't giving up. Greg Sargent reports that "virtually the entire Democratic Congressional delegation in Michigan" is meeting with Snyder Snyder had long said a "right to work" law was divisive and not on his agenda, but has executed a hasty about-face over the past month in response to strong pressure from wealthy donors and far-right groups like the Koch brothers' Americans for Prosperity. But it's come at a cost. The, for instance, eviscerated Snyder in an editorial listing a litany of times the paper had backed the governor and his initiatives:Thousands of union members and allies are protesting at the state capitol again. And as a nice capper to this anti-union betrayal, Republicans have also used the publicity it generated as a cover for limiting access to abortion
Grocer Sobeys Inc. is set to announce on Thursday that it is closing underperforming stores and cutting jobs following its $5.8-billion acquisition of rival Safeway Canada as it looks for savings in an intensifying food fight.
"After the acquisition of Safeway, we did a thorough review of our store network across the country," Sobeys spokesman Andrew Walker said late Wednesday.
"We identified a number of underperforming stores and we have made the decision to close those stores."
Story continues below advertisement
The closings could involve as many as 50 to 60 stores, said one industry source, but company officials wouldn't confirm the numbers.
Mr. Walker said the retailer was in the process of communicating the plans to its employees. On Thursday, the company will provide more "context" when it releases its fourth-quarter results, he said.
Sobeys and other grocers have felt the squeeze of a more crowded market as U.S. discount titans add more stores – and food aisles – in unprecedented expansion initiatives. Among them, Wal-Mart Canada Corp. is launching more supercentres with full supermarkets and Target Corp. rolled out almost 130 stores in Canada since it entered this country in early 2013.
Domestic players have countered by forging their own alliances to shore up their business, vowing to slash costs. Grocery leader Loblaw Cos. Ltd. acquired Shoppers Drug Mart Corp. for $12.4-billion.
Sobeys, which is owned by Empire Co. Ltd., has pledged to cut $200-million in annual costs within three years of its takeover, which closed last November – half of which within the first 12 months.
Its upcoming retrenchment will entail the "closure of consistently underperforming stores that will make us stronger," Mr. Walker said on Wednesday.
Late last year, in a controversial move, Sobeys told its suppliers it was retroactively cutting their prices by 1 per cent and not accepting increases in 2014, with some exceptions, to generate savings. And in March, the company said it was consolidating manufacturing and distribution operations and cutting jobs in two regional offices.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
On Wednesday, the company said in an internal Safeway memo that it plans to close a juice and grocery plant in Alberta on Aug. 29, affecting 38 employees.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz's time as a party leader just seems to be getting worse. This headline from The New Republic, pretty much captures where she is in her political career at this moment:
It wasn't always like this. On paper, Wasserman Schultz has a great political resume. She has been in Congress for a decade, never having lost a race. She chaired the Democratic National Committee during a tough presidential re-election fight, raking in big money and connecting with key parts of her party's base. In political years she is young, and she is also from a big purple state. All of this sounds like the recipe for an upward trajectory, right?
Wrong.
Wasserman Schultz has seemed to jump from one bad story to the next -- with the latest controversy stemming from a gossipy report in Politico that alleges that she offered to reverse her opposition to marijuana if a big pro-pot Florida donor retracted critical comments about her. (She denies it.) That's in addition to the Politico story from September that described her as a liability to the DNC and her own political prospects. As I wrote then, it was a devastating, oh-so-Washington public scolding. There was also the most recent Politico story that suggested that Wasserman Schultz, in anticipation of President Obama attempting to oust her from her post, began to "line up supporters to suggest the move was both anti-woman and anti-Semitic." (Yes, politics can be a bloodsport.)
"It is very easy for unnamed sources to say outrageous things in the press, but it's a lie and it's disgusting. It's completely not true," Wasserman Schultz said in a statement.
For Schultz, a Senate bid might just be her best option, and it's hardly an unlikely one. Her well known rivalry with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi might keep her from moving up in the party leadership of the House and her relationship with the White House isn't all that warm either. If Sen. Marco Rubio opts for a presidential run in 2016, the Florida race will be for an open seat, making Wasserman Schultz's odds a little better. And it's not like the Democratic bench in Florida is teeming with talent. Come 2016, it will likely be Hillary Clinton at the top of the ballot, providing some synergy for Wasserman Schultz. With her fundraising prowess and name recognition, a Senate bid would be an escape hatch from all the inside baseball D.C. talk and burned bridges that have seemed to dog her.
Though some Democrats say she's exactly what the party has needed.
"The job she's been doing for the party is actually remarkable because she is serving in a climate that is tough for Democrats but she has been a fighter and that doesn't make you popular, but what I have found with any chair is that if you love this party and the president, and she does, that is fifty percent of the battle," said Minyon Moore, a Democratic strategist. "She is trying to say that we have the best ideas. The other stories are a distraction. Her passion lies with trying to convince ordinary people about the party. And she is young and agile enough to do it. It's not easy to do that. She is giving it her all in terms of trying to prepare us for 2016 election."
There's no obvious reason that baggage would weigh her down all the way in Florida. National Democrats could do much worse than having a candidate on the ballot who is so good at ginning up the base and raising money. What could matter more than how national Democrats feel about her is her very liberal record. Separating herself from that might be much harder -- particularly in a hard-fought general election in a swing state.
For her part, Wasserman Schultz said in a statement that she will continue her dual role as party chair and Florida Congresswoman.
"I fully intend on serving the full term President Obama asked me to serve through January 2017 and electing the 45th President of the United States," she said. "I've been very busy working with the President to pay off the DNC's debt and make investments in the future of our party."
A new Java 0-day vulnerability has been discovered, already wind in use by an exploit pack, taking advantage of a fresh zero-day vulnerability in Java and potentially letting hackers take over users' machines.
Java 7 Update 10 and earlier contain an unspecified vulnerability that can allow a remote, unauthenticated attacker to execute arbitrary code on a vulnerable system. The flaw was first spotted by ‘Malware Don't Need Coffee' blog . This vulnerability is being attacked in the wild, and is reported to be incorporated into exploit kits.
This exploit is already available in two Exploit Packs, that is available for $700 a quarter or $1,500 for a year. Similar tactics were used in CVE-2012-4681 , which was discovered last August. Source of this new Exploit available to download Here
The two most popular exploits packs used by hackers to distribute malware, the BlackHole Exploit Kit and the Cool Exploit Kit already having this latest Java Zero-Day exploit. Blackhole kit is usually installed on compromised websites and uses vulnerabilities in web browsers and other software to inject malware into visitors' PCs.
Paunch,' announced yesterday on several Under web forums that the Java zero-day was a 'New Year's Gift,' to customers who use his exploit kit. Vulnerability was later On the other hand we expect a Metasploit module in the upcoming days as it has been happening during the last year as well as most of the exploit kits adopting this new zeroday sooner than later." The creator of Blackhole, who uses the nickname ',' announced yesterday on several Under web forums that the Java zero-day was a '' to customers who use his exploit kit. Vulnerability was later confirmed by security firm AlienVault Labs, "
Last option for readers, deactivate the Java plugin in their browsers without delay.
The familiarity of the phrase 'much ado about nothing' belies its complexity. In Shakespeare's day 'nothing' was pronounced the same as 'noting', and the play contains numerous punning references to 'noting', both in the sense of observation and in the sense of 'notes' or messages. A third meaning of 'noting' – musical notation – is also played upon (eg in Balthazar's speech 'Note this before my notes/There's not a note of mine that's worth the noting.') However it is a fourth use of the homonym – this time as 'nothing' – that is the most controversial element of the title. 'Nothing' was Elizabethan slang for the vagina (a vacancy, 'no-thing' or 'O thing'). Virginity – a state of potentiality rather than actuality – is also much discussed in the play, and it is these twin absences – the vagina and virginity – that lead, in plot terms, to the 'much ado' of the title.
Just like the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the ongoing struggle for Kiryat Yovel began with a small strip of land.
Residents of this predominately secular neighbourhood of West Jerusalem call it "Warburg Lot". Located in the heart of Kiryat Yovel, locals have taken to holding cultural events on Warburg on Friday nights, sometimes offending their ultra-Orthodox neighbours. Friday night also marks the beginning of the Jewish Sabbath, the holy day. The observant do not use electrical appliances, handle money, or play musical instruments during this time.
Perach Adom, a band whose name means Red Flower, plugged into amplifiers and played Greek rebetiko to an audience of several hundred secular Israelis on a recent Friday night. A table set up on the edge of the field offered beer and snacks in exchange for a donation. Volunteers asked concert-goers to sign a list to get emails from Free Kiryat Yovel, a grassroots movement that would like to preserve the "pluralism" that residents say define their neighbourhood.
Fight over space
The fight for Kiryat Yovel began on a hot August morning in 2008, when tractors arrived and began digging on the Warburg lot. Residents understood the lot to be public and they used the space to exercise, walk their dogs, and to park cars. Surprised to see the construction, locals rushed out and asked the workers what they were doing.
"They come, they dig, they put a caravan, and that's it." - Dina Azriel, 'Free Kiryat Yovel' activist
When the workers hesitated to explain, residents stood in front of the tractors and called the municipality. Eventually, it became clear that the men had come to install two caravans and connect the structures to water and electricity. The buildings would serve as kindergartens to the ultra-Orthodox community, a group that insists upon having their own educational system, separate from both the Palestinians, and secular Israelis.
But there was no ultra-Orthodox community in Kiryat Yovel. And the workers did not have the appropriate papers from the municipality to carry out the construction. Rather, they had received verbal permission from then-Deputy Mayor Yehoshua Pollack, who is ultra-Orthodox and was later arrested in an unconnected real estate scandal. Among other charges, he was accused of taking bribes.
Dina Azriel is an activist with Free Kiryat Yovel. She says the attempt to build the kindergarten was reminiscent of the founding of some Israeli settlements. "They come, they dig, they put a caravan, and that's it."
Just as infrastructure helps pull Israelis across the Green Line, schools and synagogues serve as a magnet to attract new religious residents to traditionally secular neighbourhoods of Jerusalem. Additional infrastructure is then built to accommodate the new residents. Religious buyers sometimes come and make secular homeowners generous offers, and little by little the veteran residents are edged out. It has happened across Jerusalem - to the extent that some 20,000 secular Israelis have left the city in recent years.
Cultural events on Friday nights in Kiryat Yovel sometimes offend the ultra-Orthodox [Mya Guarnieri/Al Jazeera]
While secular Israelis represented about 40 per cent of Jerusalem's population a decade ago, today the city of 800,000 is split almost evenly into thirds between the secular community, Muslim Palestinians, and the ultra-Orthodox.
Though their birthrates have dropped in recent years, the ultra-Orthodox still have more babies than Palestinians, Arab Israelis, and secular Jewish Israelis. It is estimated that 20 per cent of the country will be ultra-Orthodox by 2034 - meaning they are expected to change not just the landscape of Jerusalem, but the face of Israel.
But the secular residents of Kiryat Yovel are determined to stay. The day after construction workers attempted to build the ultra-Orthodox kindergarten, Azriel and other locals started a committee to protect the neighbourhood.
"We blocked the entrance to the lot with cars so tractors couldn't enter," Azriel recalls. The community also filed a lawsuit that effectively prevented the ultra-Orthodox from using the land for their own purposes.
Inroads in Kiryat Yovel
Still, the ultra-Orthodox community - or Haredim as they are known in Hebrew - have made inroads in Kiryat Yovel. They have a visible presence in the neighbourhood and managed to open a kindergarten next to a secular kindergarten. To the alarm of many secular and some ultra-Orthodox residents, the city erected a separation fence between the two schools. And, because the ultra-Orthodox complained that their children would see secular Israelis with immodest dress and little boys without kippot - the skullcap worn by observant Jews - through the fence, the barrier was covered with a blue tarp.
Azriel and her husband, Danny Unger, emphasise that they and other members of Free Kiryat Yovel do not take issue with the ultra-Orthodox themselves. Rather, they are concerned by the anti-pluralist and anti-democratic trends that, they say, come with the community.
"The problem is not that they're coming," Unger remarks. "We'll gladly accept them. The problem begins when you come and want to make a separation [between yourself and the existing community]."
Azriel and Unger are also concerned about the allocation of the city's resources. They say that public space should be used for the good of the whole neighbourhood, not for a specific population that is new to the area and that will keep others out.
"Public space has to stay equal and open to everyone," Azriel says.
City councilwoman Laura Wharton shares this sentiment. "This is my position also about East Jerusalem," she says, where Palestinians receive services that are disproportionately less than those received by their Jewish counterparts, despite the fact that Palestinian residents pay taxes. "The resources of a given area [should be] devoted to the people who live there."
Wharton lives in Beit HaKarem, a predominately secular neighbourhood where a park was bulldozed to make way for a mikveh - a bath for ritual immersion - despite the fact that the area is home to only a handful of ultra-Orthodox residents.
Voting bloc
"The current government is interested in attracting settlers, and they offer land for free and really good mortgages and really good social systems." - Laura Wharton, city councilwoman
While they remain a minority in both Jerusalem and Israel, the ultra-Orthodox wield a disproportionate amount of political power because they tend to vote in a bloc. And perks like subsidised housing and financial assistance for large families come with that power.
The ultra-Orthodox are, for the most part, poor and don't pay a lot of taxes. Because Jerusalem is struggling to stay afloat financially, the municipality has given developers the green light to build luxury apartment buildings and commercial spaces in the place of apartment buildings that are home to low- and middle-income Israelis. The occupants of these new buildings will pay more taxes, carrying those in the city who don't pay enough.
As Israel moves away from the welfare state that characterised the country's early days and becomes increasingly capitalist, in part to keep the ultra-Orthodox afloat, more Israelis are attracted to the ultra-Orthodox's ranks.
"A lot of their appeal is related to the growing socio-economic disparities," Wharton explains. "Because the ultra-Orthodox are well-organised and they raise money abroad and obtain funding for things, not always legally, they can do things like offer kindergartens that work until later."
Wharton points out that the ultra-Orthodox have gotten a stronger foothold in poor areas of Kiryat Yovel, where residents need the services once provided by the state.
But the ultra-Orthodox struggle with housing and infrastructure issues of their own. As their population has outgrown their traditional neighbourhoods, they head toward secular areas - or the illegal settlements over the Green Line.
"The biggest and fastest-growing settlements …are ultra-Orthodox," says Wharton, who is also a political science lecturer at Hebrew University. "The current government is interested in attracting settlers, and they offer land for free and really good mortgages and really good social systems … so the state uses the [ultra-Orthodox] and the [ultra-Orthodox] use the state."
Which is exactly what Azriel and Unger don't want to see in Kiryat Yovel. "Israel can be a democratic state," Azriel says. "But there has to be a separation between religion and state."
An update on last week's Senate election from Secretary of State John Merrill indicates there won't be nearly enough overseas and provisional ballots to affect the outcome of the race.
Democrat Doug Jones led Republican Roy Moore by than 20,000 votes before the overseas and provisional ballots.
Merrill's office said there were 366 overseas ballots returned. There were a total of 4,967 provisional ballots received and of those, 2,888 have been verified. Merrill's office said the numbers could change slightly but are not expected to change significantly.
Alabama counties counted the overseas, provisional and write-in ballots on Tuesday. Counties are due to report their final totals, including the provisional and overseas votes, to Merrill's office by Friday.
After that, Merrill said the final results will be certified no earlier than Dec. 26 and no later than Jan. 3 under the dates spelled out in state law.
Moore has not yet conceded the election.
State law calls for an automatic recount if the deciding margin is 0.5 percent or less. Jones' margin was 1.5 percent before provisional and overseas ballots, 49.9 percent to 48.4 percent.
LONDON (Reuters) - Deutsche Post DHL (DPWGn.DE) remains committed to Britain despite its vote to leave the European Union and so far it has been business as usual for its customers, the company's finance chief said.
The logo of German postal and logistics group Deutsche Post DHL is seen on the delivery car "Street Scooter" in Aachen, Germany, August 23, 2016. REUTERS/Thilo Schmuelgen
“We are convinced that the UK will continue to be an important market for us, and at this point in time we don't see any extreme developments in our trading,” Melanie Kreis said in her first interview since she became CFO on Oct. 1.
Since the Brexit referendum in June, the German logistics giant has not canceled or postponed any investment in Britain, where it employs more than 50,000 people and where it agreed to buy parcel group UK Mail last month, Kreis said.
The 270-million-euro deal is part of its strategy to capitalize on booming demand for e-commerce across Europe.
“We want to build on a strong position in Germany to really create what we call the ‘United Parcel Nations' of Europe,” she said, adding that the company would take a country-by-country approach using organic growth, acquisitions and partnerships.
Buying UK Mail made sense for Deutsche Post's aim to rapidly increase its scale in Britain, she said, and the timing was not influenced by the drop in the value of the pound after the Brexit vote.
“We had screened the UK for a long time to find the right partner for us, so the fact we are getting it at a favorable exchange rate is a benefit but clearly not the driver for the timing of the acquisition,” she said.
Already in 18 European markets, Kreis said Spain and Portugal were next on the list. The company will redeploy some assets from its DHL Express operations to establish a parcels network in the two countries next year, she said.
She said similar initiatives using existing assets would take precedence over big acquisitions.
“We feel the house is the way we want it to be,” she said, adding that further deals would add “a nice piece of furniture”.
The growing popularity of internet shopping was driving demand for its parcels services, she said.
In Germany, where it had 44 percent of the market in 2015, the group is expecting a record Christmas. “We have on average 4 million parcels a day (...) we expect in the pre-Christmas peak to go up to 8 million parcels,” she said.
BREXIT OPPORTUNITY
Kreis said she was personally sad about Brexit, but the group had traded through many political and financial upheavals in the more than 220 countries where it operates and it would take Brexit in its stride.
“The big noticeable thing at this point is the devaluation in the pound, but in terms of real underlying trading we don't see any deterioration in growth rates,” she said.
Brexit could be an opportunity, she said.
“We are also very experienced in dealing with situations where there are trade regulations and complex customs regimes, that to a certain degree is something we sell to our customers,” she said. “Complex customs regulations are something where you as a logistics company can show your strength.”
In terms of Deutsche Post's financial strategy, Kreis said the message was one of continuity.
She wants to maintain the group's triple B plus credit rating, keep to its guidance of paying 40-60 percent of net profit as dividends, and redistribute excess liquidity to shareholders or use it to fund pensions.
After a year beset by strikes, the company, which provides one in 200 German jobs, is rebuilding its profits. It has forecast operating profit this year of between 3.4 billion and 3.7 billion euros, up from 2.41 billion in 2015.
(1 euro = 0.9008 pounds)
Drug gangs battling over millions of dollars in cash are arming themselves with bigger, more powerful guns as they compete with rivals for territory on Edmonton streets, say the police officers fighting them.
A drug bust two weeks ago in north Edmonton took an arsenal of those guns off city streets, a stash of weapons that included carbines, converted handguns, silencers and thousands of rounds of ammunition.
A table filled with the weapons seized during the recent drug bust. (CBC) Insp. Darcy Strang with ALERT said the recent bust shows just how far gangs will go to arm themselves and how dangerous they have become.
During Thursday's news conference, Strang showed off a seized Glock-17 handgun that had been converted to fully automatic. The gun came with a suppressor and a 50-round drum.
"This gun is an extremely dangerous weapon," Strang said. "It's not designed to be fully automatic. This thing would shoot about 1,200 rounds per minute."
Strang said police are seizing some weapons they've never seen before as gangs compete to have more firepower than their rivals.
"You've got a Walther PPK that you've got stuffed in the back of your pants," he said, by way of example. "And you point that at me. I'd probably like to pull out my automatic Glock-17, which is going to throw, in 30 seconds, 50 rounds at you.
"I'd like to win this battle. So therefore, I'd like to have firepower that's greater than yours."
The Edmonton ALERT team conducted a series of raids Aug. 14, with the assistance of Edmonton tactical team members. Two homes in the northeast and one home in the northwest were searched.
Eight firearms were seized, including that Glock handgun. Other firearms included:
KRISS Vector carbine with silencer;
Two SKS semi-automatic rifles;
Ruger handgun with the serial number removed;
CZ 75 Tactical Series handgun;
Walther PPK handgun that was previously reported as stolen;
Browning rifle;
2 suppressors;
Thousands of rounds of ammunition.
The KRISS Vector carbine came with a silencer. The gun is designed to fold up so it could be put into a briefcase. It fires 45-calibre rounds and came equipped with 30-round clips
Strang said he had never seen one before, and characterized the arsenal seized in this bust as "literally the gamut of weapons of war."
"Just getting these type of weapons off the streets," he said, "is a big win for us."
The ALERT team also seized more than $100,000 worth of drugs, including:
26 grams of cocaine;
Almost 2,000 illicit prescription pills;
30 grams of powder MDMA;
20 grams of psilocybin;
1,357 grams of marijuana;
38 kilograms of a cocaine buffering agent;
Hydraulic press used for pressing cocaine;
$13,355 in cash.
A 23-year-old man who was the main target of the investigation has been charged with 39 drug and weapons-related offences. Two women and another man were also charged.
ALERT last year took 197 firearms off the streets that belonged to organized criminal gangs, either bikers or drug cartels, Strang said. Some of the guns are imported illegally from the U.S., some are stolen.
He said on raids like this one, police commonly call on tactical units to help out. These arrests came off without a hitch, but he said police always have to prepare for the worst.
"We don't know what we're going to find," he said, "what's going to be in the hands of the bad guys when we get in there."
Strang said it is hoped these arrests may lead to others.
"Our objective," he said, "is to move our way up the food chain."
Dell's build-to-order business model makes it the most vulnerable to the drive shortages that are wreaking havoc across the industry, channel analyst Context reckons.
The chaos resulting from the killer flooding in Thailand has sent the disk drive supply chain into turmoil, making PC shortages inevitable. So far Asus, as well as Acer, Samsung and Sony, have confirmed they expect some shortfall in supply during the run up to Christmas.
Channel analyst Context expects "all vendors to be affected with Dell to be most impacted", although the beancounter did not quantify the extent of the shortages.
"Dell's 'just in time' modus operandi means the vendor tends to hold low levels of inventory due to computers' high rate of depreciation. Whilst this has been enormously successful in the past the impending shortages will have an adverse effect on them," it added.
Consumer lines rather than commercial products are expected to be directly in the firing line to reflect the lower margins that vendor make on retail kit, the analyst said.
Dell did not give a straight answer to any potential supply constraint, simply confirming that it was "continuing to actively monitor" the market and anticipating drive shortages.
"We are working aggressively with our HDD suppliers to mitigate any customer impact. We have teams engaging daily with affected suppliers regarding this industry situation to most effectively and efficiently manage our HDD supply chain," it claimed in a statement.
Rival US firm HP isn't doing much to clarify the outlook either. Responding to questions about shortages, it added: "We are in constant communication with our employees, customers and partners to optimise business continuity in this dynamic situation."
Distribution sources told El Reg there could be 20 per cent to 30 per cent shortfall in PC supply across the UK in December, a pretty cataclysmic prediction. But ODMs in the Far East are expecting closer to a 10 per cent supply constraint worldwide.
In other drive-related news, Context saw reseller HDD unit sell-through shoot up 109 per cent in the week commencing 17 October – five days after the flooding in Thailand – with WD, Seagate and Buffalo shipments up 118 per cent, 175 per cent and 200 per cent respectively.
However, the supply chain did not react as quickly to the looming threat of shortages with unit prices remaining stable, "emphasising distributors' sluggishness in raising price to react to the shortage", said Context.
As revealed by El Reg, however, in the past fortnight drive prices have doubled and are expected to rise again with WD suspending production for six months and rival Seagate hit by some sub-assembly issues. ®
An armed suspect accused of taking as many as eight hostages at a credit union on the campus of the University of Alabama was under arrest Tuesday, police announced, as a standoff that gripped Tuscaloosa for hours came to an end.
SUSPECTED COP-KILLER ON THE LOOSE WANTED TO BE ON 'AMERICA'S MOST WANTED'
SWAT team officers were able to storm the Alabama Credit Union and "take him down," Police Chief Steve Anderson told reporters. The unnamed suspect apparently wanted to rob the place, Anderson added.
It all started when a worker noticed somebody "irregular" inside the building and called the cops, Univ. of Alabama Asst. Police Chief Aaron Fowler said. It happened around 8:30 a.m., while the credit union was still closed.
NJ'S BLUE LINE TRIBUTE TO COPS VIOLATES ROAD SAFETY, OFFICIALS WARN
The credit union's president, Steve Swofford, told Fox 6 his employees were safe.
The university had sent out a campus-wide alert warning people to stay away. The credit union was in a busy area of the city, with several restaurants and doctors' offices also in surrounding blocks.
#BREAKING: New pictures coming in from the scene of hostage situation at Alabama Credit Union in Tuscaloosa. pic.twitter.com/tw4a20QxpF — WBRC FOX6 News (@WBRCnews) January 10, 2017
Video and photos from the area showed police in military-style vehicles and tactical gear with guns drawn, and a police helicopter overhead. Officers were working quickly to evacuate nearby businesses.
"My thoughts & prayers are with these officers, the hostages, and their families," Mayor Walt Maddox tweeted.
The campus had been largely quiet on Tuesday. Classes were set to get back underway on Wednesday after the winter break.
Click for more from Fox 6.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Autoregulation is a method of training in which you allow your effort on any given day, or more specifically on any given set, to determine the amount of weight you will use next. This method of training can be integrated into just about any existing workout structure and style, and is easy to remember.
The major benefit of autoregulation is that you are pushed during a workout based on how your body is performing. If you are having an off week, and the weights feel heavy, autoregulation will adjust the weight used for your next set based on today's performance. The same goes if you are having a great training day. If the weights feel light, autoregulation will challenge you accordingly. The autoregulation method will also help determine the amount of weight you start with the next time you perform the same exercise.
Autoregulation does have some drawbacks. You will need to change weight for every set, which can stretch out workout time if you're not careful. Try to limit rest between sets to 90-120 seconds, or up to 3-5 minutes between heavy, taxing sets. Be prepared, and have 2.5, 5 and 10 pound plates handy.
Because you are varying the weight from set to set, based on performance, it will be difficult at times to gauge how many reps you will perform. Either train with a partner, or bench, squat, etc., in a rack, so that you have safety bars to catch the weight should you reach failure.
Training to failure on every set is not recommended. Push yourself until you believe that you may fail on the next rep. Stop the set at this point. If you are eager to test yourself, limit failure training to one set per exercise, preferably your last set. Using autoregulation, your last set will be your heaviest set. It would make best sense to test yourself at this time.
Auto Regulation Basics: Your First Set
Let's begin by looking at your first set. For this set, you will have a rep goal. This rep goal might be 15 reps, 12 reps, 10 reps, 8 reps or 5 reps, depending on the program you are using. Use a weight that allows you to perform a few more reps than your goal. For example, if you are shooting for 12 reps on the bench press, use a weight that allows you to perform 14 to 16 reps. Now here's the point to remember:
For every rep you perform above and beyond your goal goal, add 5 pounds to the bar for your next set. Other variables come into play that will force you to modify this approach, such as 5x5 training, and heavy set first training. We will discuss these systems at detail later in this article.
So while benching, if your goal was 12 reps with 185 pounds, and you completed 15 reps, you would use 200 pounds for your next working set. You exceeded your goal by 3 reps...3 x 5 pounds equals a 15 pound addition.
Note that a five pound addition works well for most exercises, but will not work for lighter isolation exercises such as flyes and laterals. For these exercises, you will either need to microload (add weight in half pound or one pound increments), or add about 5 pounds for every 3 reps above and beyond your rep goal. Unfortunately, most gyms do not have micro-plates, which limits your options.
Auto Regulation Basics: Your Last Set
Using the autoregulation method, your last set is very important. The amount of reps you perform on your last set will determine the weight you start with the next time you perform the same exercise. Here's how it works:
Exceed last set rep goal - If you perform at least one more rep, add 5 pounds to your first set the next time you perform this exercise.
- If you perform at least one more rep, add 5 pounds to your first set the next time you perform this exercise. Equal last set rep goal - If you equal your rep goal, do not add any weight the next time you perform this exercise.
- If you equal your rep goal, do not add any weight the next time you perform this exercise. Fail to hit last set rep goal - If you fail to hit your rep goal, subtract 5 pounds from your starting set the next time you perform this exercise.
IMPORTANT NOTE : You only add weight to your next workout if you exceeded every rep goal for that exercise by at least +1. If you equaled a rep goal, or failed to hit a rep goal for that exercise on any set, do not add weight the next time you perform this exercise. If it is quite possible for you to have a bad day, miss several rep goals, drop weight, and then exceed the rep goal on your last set. You should not be adding weight on the first set of your next workout when this happens.
Resist the urge to add or subtract weight in greater then 5 pound increments. Adding or subtracting large amounts of weight can cause dramatic "rep swings", and your adjustments may be all over the board. Keep it simple and basic, and stick to small changes. 5 pound additions add up quickly.
Auto Regulation Examples
Pyramid Rep Structure
Autoregulation fits most naturally with a pyramid rep scheme. With a pyramid rep structure you will begin with lighter weight and higher reps, and end with heavier weight and lower reps. There are many popular pyramid rep range structures. Here are some common ones:
12, 10, 8, 6
15, 12, 10
20, 15, 12
For this example, I will look at 4 sets of squats that utilize the 12, 10, 8, 6 pyramid rep structure and autoregulation. For the first set you decide to use 185 pounds. In the past you were able to perform 12 reps with 200 pounds, so you feel this is a safe place to start. You surprise yourself and perform 17 reps. This is 5 reps above and beyond your rep goal of 12, so you will add 25 pounds to your next set (5 reps above x 5 pounds).
For your second set you are able to perform 11 reps using 210 pounds. Your goal for this set was 10 reps, and because you have exceeded that goal, you will add 5 pounds to your third set (one rep above x 5 pounds). Using 215 pounds on your third set, you perform 8 reps. This equals your rep goal, so you will stick with this weight for your fourth set. During your fourth set, you are able to perform 7 reps - one above your goal of 6. You have exceeded your rep goal on your final set, which means that the next time you perform squats you will start with 190 pounds. This is a 5 pound increase above the 185 pounds you started with today. Here is another look at this example:
S et 1 - 185 x 17 . This is 5 reps above your goal of 12, so 25 pounds is added to the next set.
. This is 5 reps above your goal of 12, so 25 pounds is added to the next set. S et 2 - 210 x 11 . This is 1 rep above your goal of 10, so 5 pounds is added to the next set.
. This is 1 rep above your goal of 10, so 5 pounds is added to the next set. S et 3 - 215 x 8 . This equals your goal of 8, so no weight is added to the next set.
. This equals your goal of 8, so no weight is added to the next set. Set 4 - 215 x 7. This is 5 reps above your goal of 6, so 5 pounds will be added to your first set the next time you perform this exercise.
5x5 Rep Structure
The 5x5 is a classic muscle and strength building approach that generally requires the use of the same weight for each of the 5 sets (some 5x5 systems will "ramp" weight). Because sets are limited to 5 reps, it can be difficult to understand when it's appropriate to add weight. When using autoregulation with the 5x5, you will try to beat the 5 rep goal on your last set only . If you exceed 5 reps on the last set, add weight the next time you perform this exercise. If you can't perform 5 reps on the last set, drop the weight by 5 pounds the next time you perform this exercise. If on any of the first 4 sets you fail to achieve 5 reps, drop the weight by 5-10 pounds for your next set.
Here is an example of how a 5x5 deadlift workout should be handled if you fail to reach 5 reps on one of the first 4 sets:
S et 1 - 315 x 5 . Rep goal achieved. Move on to the next set.
. Rep goal achieved. Move on to the next set. S et 2 - 315 x 5 . Rep goal achieved. Move on to the next set.
. Rep goal achieved. Move on to the next set. S et 3 - 315 x 4 . This is 1 rep below your goal. Drop the weight by 10 pounds for your next set.
. This is 1 rep below your goal. Drop the weight by 10 pounds for your next set. S et 4 - 305 x 4 . This is 1 rep below your goal. Drop the weight by 10 pounds for your next set.
. This is 1 rep below your goal. Drop the weight by 10 pounds for your next set. Set 5 - 295 x 6. You exceeded your rep goal of 5. The next time you deadlift, start with 300 pounds.
Just a reminder that you must try to exceed 5 reps on your last set, even if you fail to achieve 5 reps on any earlier sets. In our example, the lifter overestimated his abilities but autoregulation kicked in and brought him back down to a more manageable weight. During his next deadlift workout, our lifter should have a very good chance of completing 5 sets of 5 reps with 300 pounds.
Reverse Pyramid Rep Structure
A reverse pyramid rep scheme has you performing your heaviest sets first, and then as you fatigue, you will move on to lighter sets and higher reps. It is a little more difficult to autoregulate a reverse pyramid rep approach. Rep goals will not be your only variable. You will also need to consider the increase in reps from set to set, which will require a decrease in weight.
When moving from set to set using a reverse pyramid structure, for each additional rep required on the next set, you will subtract 10 pounds from your working weight. You will also need to factor in how you performed on your previous set (did you achieve you rep goal? Adjust the weight accordingly).
So, for example, let's say you are starting with 135 pounds on the military press and your goal is 4 reps. You perform 5 reps. You are one rep above your goal, so you will add 5 pounds to your second set. In addition, you must factor in the jump from 4 to 6 reps (a 2 rep difference) and subtract 20 pounds from the bar. This would be a net result in the use of 120 pounds for your second set.
Confused? Let's take a deeper look at a reverse pyramid, 4, 6, 8, 12 rep approach for the military press:
S et 1 - 135 x 5 . This is 1 rep above your goal of 4, so 5 pounds is added to the next set. Because you are jumping to 6 reps (a 2 rep difference), you will also subtract 20 pounds for your next set. This results in a net of 15 pounds removed from the bar (+5 for reps, then subtracting 20 pounds for the rep difference).
. This is 1 rep above your goal of 4, so 5 pounds is added to the next set. Because you are jumping to 6 reps (a 2 rep difference), you will also subtract 20 pounds for your next set. This results in a net of 15 pounds removed from the bar (+5 for reps, then subtracting 20 pounds for the rep difference). S et 2 - 120 x 6 . This equals your rep goal of 6, so you do not need to add or subtract weight for your next set based upon your rep goal. Because you are jumping to 8 reps for your third set (a 2 rep difference), you will need to subtract 20 pounds from the bar.
. This equals your rep goal of 6, so you do not need to add or subtract weight for your next set based upon your rep goal. Because you are jumping to 8 reps for your third set (a 2 rep difference), you will need to subtract 20 pounds from the bar. S et 3 - 100 x 11 . This is 1 rep above your goal of 8, so 5 pounds is added to the next set. Because you are jumping to 12 reps (a 4 rep difference), you will also subtract 40 pounds for your next set. This results in a net of 35 pounds removed from the bar (+5 for reps, then subtracting 40 pounds for the rep difference).
. This is 1 rep above your goal of 8, so 5 pounds is added to the next set. Because you are jumping to 12 reps (a 4 rep difference), you will also subtract 40 pounds for your next set. This results in a net of 35 pounds removed from the bar (+5 for reps, then subtracting 40 pounds for the rep difference). Set 4 - 65 x 13. This is 1 rep above your goal of 12, so you will start with 140 pounds on your first set the next time you perform this exercise.
Please note that autoregulation for reverse pyramid rep scheme may require adjustments. For some exercises you may need to subtract only 5 pounds for each rep increase from set to set. It may take several workouts for you to figure out the best way to autoregulate this training style. In addition, you may need to tweak rep ranges to better fit a weight used for a given exercise. Large jumps, say from 10 to 15 reps, could lead to ineffective autoregulation.
Generic Rep Range Structure
Generic rep ranges are rep ranges that appear as 6-10 or 10-15 in workouts. Generic rep ranges can be autoregulated in several ways. Pick an approach that works best for you. There is no hidden magic in any approaches, meaning that one is not better than the other.
For our example, we will consider autoregulation for an exercise that calls for 3 sets of 6-10 reps.
“This kind of thing happens all the time,” the school's principal, Peter Gustavsson told The Local.
“There's nothing wrong with being naked. That's still allowed.”
The eight-minute-long video, entitled “farmers daughters”, opens with a shot of a young man in bed with two young women. As the scene unfolds, it becomes apparent that all three students are naked.
“Damn, do you know what I just realised?,” says one of the girls.
“It's our student cabaret night tonight. We forgot again!”
The two girls then run out of the room and proceed to let two other naked girls, both of whom are bound and gagged, out of the back of a truck.
Gustavsson explained that students at the school, the Natural Resource Use Programme high school (Naturbruksgymnasiet) in Strömma in western Sweden, periodically organise cabaret nights in which they perform satirical skits.
“These nights are a way for the students to poke fun at themselves and be creative,” he said.
Other scenes in the film feature half-naked young men sitting in a pig pen, a bare-bottomed young woman laying bareback on a horse, as well as a trio of young ladies who appear to be showing their breasts to a cow.
Nevertheless, the tone of the film is light and humourous, rather than erotic, and the students take great pains to keep their sex organs and nipples covered.
“I think the film is rather nice, actually. No one is drunk; there is no alcohol, no drugs. It's just a bunch of naked kids having fun,” said Gustavsson.
In one sequence, two naked girls summon a third girl who is sawing down a tree with a chainsaw wearing only a protective helmet and lumberjack's harness, while another scene shows a surprised young lady covering her nipples with a pair of rodents as she is called to follow to other nude co-eds.
As the video progresses, more and more bare-skinned students gather on the back of a tractor which eventually ends up at the door of one of the school's buildings, at which point all of the students disembark and run inside the building.
In the closing scene, the students are seen slamming on a door.
The film was shown for the first time at one of the school cabaret nights in front of an audience of about 30 people, according to the Aftonbladet daily.
When the film ended, the door to the auditorium opened and the stars of the film dashed into the room naked, adding yet another creative twist to the project.
According to Gustavsson, the students in the film all graduated in 2009 and thus would have been 18 or 19 at the time the movie is believed to have been filmed.
He suspected the video was made while the students were still attending the school, however because "otherwise they wouldn't have been able to get access to the buildings and the equipment".
Despite the school's farm theme, the video indicates there may be a number of budding cinematographers within the school's ranks, prompting Gustavsson to think about offering classes on making movies.
“I'm actually considering it. These students have something they want to say, so we might look at adding an elective class on film making,” he said.
While Gustavsson remained relaxed about the film, there were a couple of aspects of the cinematic work which bothered him, in particular the discrepancy between the amount of skin shown by the young women relative to the young men.
“From a gender perspective, the film is out of balance. These girls are good students, capable students – they don't need to be running around naked to prove anything,” he said.
He also regretted that the school's efforts to educate students about the risks of putting compromising material on the internet appear to have fallen on deaf ears.
“They've now lost control of their film, and I find that problematic,” said Gustavsson.
He also explained that, had he known about the students' plans for their cabaret show, he wouldn't have approved it.
“We require that they tell us ahead of time what they plan to do. However in this case, the students pulled a fast one on us and showed something that we hadn't agreed upon,” said Gustavsson.
Editors Note: The video and related screenshots have been removed at the request of the copyright holder
In my past several columns, I've been making the case that it's never been a better time for consumers to cut the cord from their current cable or satellite provider, due to the plethora of low-cost “Over The Top” (OTT) premium content services now available for streaming. When combined with an “Over The Air” (OTA) solution (which allows you to capture local channels in HD, free of charge) the decision to cut the cord almost becomes a no-brainer. A new solution called AirTV, while not perfect, delivers on this promise and should be seriously considered by any consumer looking to cut the cord.
The major accomplishment of AirTV—and it cannot be overstated—is that it captures OTA content at a single point and it distributes it within the home. In this regard, AirTV is ultimately an “OTA”-style Slingbox. It utilizes an OTA tuner and uses the Sling TV app to seamlessly integrate OTA and Sling TV channels together. The consumer simply attaches an antenna to AirTV's coaxial jack, connects AirTV to their home network via wireless or Ethernet, and “streams” OTA channels to other TVs in the home, using any of the major streaming devices (Roku, AirTV, Amazon Fire TV or Apple TV, for example). The exciting thing about this approach is that OTA channels could be streamed from the home to any other mobile “on the go” device with an Internet connection—just like with a Slingbox.
The specs
The new AirTV is a small, unobtrusive, black, rectangular unit that measures a compact 180mm x 110mm x 45mm. From a design standpoint, Apple 's Jonathan Ive won't be jealous of AirTV's utilitarian aesthetics—it screams “functional pragmatism,” with a plainspoken design and basic coaxial Ethernet, power jack supply and USB ports in the rear of the unit.
Ideally, you'll want to set up this new AirTV unit near a window seeing as it will need to be connected to a decent amplified antenna. In my testing, I used a General Electric Pro Crystal HD Amplified Antenna, which I purchased for $27.99 from my local Target . I had reasonable results with it, and was able to get access to about 20 local OTA channels (including the local ABC, CBS and NBC affiliates in the Princeton, New Jersey area). However, as with any undertaking like this, I'd strongly encourage consumers not to economize their antenna purchase and even consider mounting the antenna on the roof to maximize reception. Again, Mohu (www.gomohu.com) and Winegard (www.winegard.com) are among the leaders in the antenna space and offer numerous options for you to consider.
For the sake of the review, I decided to connect to my home network via a wireless connection—most consumers will not have easy access to a router for a hard-wired LAN connection. AirTV's integrated wireless capability is based on 802.11n—disappointing given that the world has migrated to the significantly faster 802.11ac specification over the past several years. Since I wanted to test the wireless range of AirTV with several other devices inside of my mom's 1,800 square foot home, I was concerned that I would sacrifice video quality due to the slow wireless spec—more on this later.
One word of caution: during the initial setup I had to do a hard reset, and because I was facing the unit from the front, I kept holding in the WPS button thinking that it would reset the unit. However, like many other products, you need a paper clip to insert into a small hole in the rear of the unit to initiate the hard reset. One of the setup screens with the AirTV and Sling TV app has misleading text about this, so I ended up wasting about 45 minutes before I discovered the error. Once I moved beyond that hiccup, however, setup was a breeze. Still, this problem resulted in wasting 45 minutes of my life that I will never get back.
Potential confusion around Sling TV and AirTV apps
After you physically set up AirTV and attach it to an antenna, you simply plug the unit in to an AC outlet; there is no power “on” or “off” button. Setup is enabled by downloading the AirTV and Sling TV apps, available in both the Apple and Google Play app stores. Although the instructions don't explicitly state this, which app you need to download depends on how you will use your AirTV unit. The Sling TV app will allow you to integrate the OTA channels that AirTV has access to. This is marvelous from a user experience standpoint, because you get all the benefits of a traditional linear channel guide that most consumers are already used to with their cable or satellite provider. The AirTV app, on the other hand, gives you simple and basic access to your available OTA channels based on the zip code that you provide during product setup. Which one should you select? If you're already a Sling TV customer, using the Sling TV app makes much more sense due to the integrated OTA and OTT content experience that it creates. Having said that, I noticed that I was not able to access my AirTV's OTA channels when I was using the Apple TV and Roku's Sling TV apps to watch content on large television screens. I was able to access to both OTA and OTT content (Sling TV channels that I've subscribed to) on the Sling TV app using my Apple iPad.
The AirTV app is intended for consumers who are not committed to the Sling TV service. The AirTV app (available on Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV and Google platforms), allows easy access to your AirTV and OTA channels on your large format television, as long as that TV is in the home where the AirTV is located. The tradeoff is that you lose the Sling TV app's content integration—but you still have access to the numerous OTT streaming services (e.g. Netflix , Hulu, HBO NOW, etc.) available on the major streamer devices. Overall, the AirTV app provides more flexibility; most consumers will want to watch OTA channels on their large home televisions, and they already have pre-existing subscriptions with the major OTT services.
An excellent viewing experience
As I mentioned above, my initial concern was that AirTV's 802.11n wireless capability would provide a poor viewing experience with other devices in my mom's home. My mom has decent, though not exceptional broadband connectivity (80Mbps), and her router is 802.11ac enabled. Still, I really thought that the AirTV's relatively slow wireless spec would be a bottleneck.
To my delight, I was able to access all HD OTA channels that AirTV was able to access in high quality video. If AirTV was already tuned to a specific channel, I experienced almost zero latency. I did see some modest (3-4 seconds) latency when I changed channels (which I expected to), but I did not experience any pixelization or video artifacts when tuning to a new channel. I was able to watch my woeful New York Giants (whose games are contractually obligated to be locally broadcast every weekend) from my mother's home in New Jersey, on my iPhone X, using the AirTV app—and my video experience was enthrallingly strong, even on a LTE cellular connection. In approximately 12 hours of video consumption over the Christmas weekend (in indoor and outdoor usage situations), I did not encounter a single instance where the video froze or stalled. Much credit for this terrific video quality is due to the Pixelworks transcoder technology embedded in AirTV, which efficiently compresses/decompresses video content prior to transmission.
One final note: AirTV is apparently equipped with a dual tuner. Although I wasn't able to test this during my weekend evaluation, AirTV is built to support two simultaneous streams of OTA content—though only one OTA channel can be accessed outside the home.
The final verdict
At an affordable $119.99 (which will easily pay for itself in just a few months), this new AirTV release is a powerful product that I count among the best cord-cutting solutions in the market. I'm not thrilled about the fact that the Sling TV and AirTV apps can only access my OTA channels on mobile devices when I'm outside of my home—I absolutely would like the opportunity to watch that content on a large format TV. AirTV also comes up short by not providing any type of DVR support for the OTA channels that it captures, even though there is USB port on the product which presumably could be used for that function (the www.airtv.net site is mum on the subject). These quibbles aside, AirTV's ability to stream OTA content to other devices inside the home, as well as outside the home (even if only on mobile devices), is a breakthrough that many consumers will find incredibly useful during their daily commute or when vacationing.
This new AirTV model is now available for sale via the www.AirTV.net Web site and the product is now shipping.
Disclosure: Moor Insights & Strategy, like all research and analyst firms, provides or has provided research, analysis, advising and/or consulting to many high-tech companies in the industry, including Google, mentioned in this article. The author does not have any investment positions in any of the companies named in this article.
Once upon a time, geeks across the country flocked to the darkest depths of their parents' basements where they would role dice and take turns creating epic tales. While Dungeons & Dragons maintained a very popular subculture for quite some time, it has also seen a shift to the virtual medium. No longer do friends sit in crowded basements or tucked-away game stores, but instead they interact with each other through emotes and VoIPs. As technology changes, we also change with it, but that doesn't mean we can't stay true to who we are. As proof, there are two fairly popular MMORPGs that follow very closely to those D&D roots. Both Dungeons & Dragons Online and Neverwinter have the positives and negatives, but which one follows more closely to the true D&D formula?
PRICING STRUCTURE – DDO
The first thing that most old school D&D players had to do was rush out and buy a copy of whatever rulebook they intended on playing. DDO follows this example pretty accurately, but players do get the first big pack of content for free. Even though the actual world of DDO is quite small, there's still a solid amount of content and dungeons that players can enjoy for free. It's even possible to earn premium currency, Favor Points, by completing various tasks and clearing dungeons, which can then be turned into Turbine Points. While this process can take upwards of a few years, it's possible to buy all of the additional races and adventure packs by converting this favor.
If grinding forever isn't quite your style then DDO also offers a subscription service that runs from $8.25 to $14.99 per month depending on the duration of a subscription. As long as this VIP status is active players have access to all of the premium content, with the exception of expansions, including new races, classes, adventures, 500 monthly Turbine points, and priority beta access. Being able to choose between a subscription and a la carte purchases puts DDO ahead of most other free-to-play MMOs in the pricing department.
While DDO markets content for their currency, Neverwinter does the complete opposite and markets it as a necessary commodity. Their premium currency, Zen, is necessary for pretty much everything in the game and advertisement for it is constantly forced down players' throats. Want more than 2 character slots, oh that'll cost 500 Zen. Want to reroll a character's race or name, you guessed it more Zen. In similar fashion to DDO, and most other free-to-play MMORPGs, it is also possible to earn Zen by completing various daily quests in the game, however, the rate at acquiring it is painfully slow. Astral Diamonds can be refined at a rate of 24,000 per day. The average price right now is about 500 diamonds per Zen, which is less than 50 each day.
To put things in perspective, a small bag costs 600 Zen. That's 12 days of grinding for a 12 slot bag! Furthermore, all auction house purchases can only be done with the use of Astral Diamonds, making gold fundamentally useless, so players can either choose to buy items from the AH or invest in Zen; it's fairly difficult and time consuming to try and do both. To make matters worse, there are some classes that can't even be purchased with Zen. The Dragonborn currently requires a piece of DLC priced at $74.99 and certain variations of the Drow and Elf also require relatively expensive content packs. Not only do these packs contain exclusive races, but many of them also come with epic items and artifacts. If that's not pay-to-win I'm not sure what is. It should be pretty clear at this point that Neverwinter is not the winner when it comes to price structure.
THE DUNGEON MASTER – NEVERWINTER
The way DDO utilizes various voices for Dungeon Masters during dungeon exploration adds a very personal touch to the game, but that's nothing compared to the Foundry; in Neverwinter you are the Dungeon Master. Players can create their own quests from scratching including NPCs, background, dialog, setting, custom items, and almost anything else a dungeon crawler could imagine. Not only can players create single quests, but they can create entire campaigns that progress players through a number of quests in linear fashion.
The pinnacle of any Dungeon Master's tenure is to have their adventures praised by players far and wide. With the rating system, the best of the best custom-made adventures can be sorted through and donations of Astral Diamonds can even be given to their creators. Scenarios are given a weighted scored based on the number of players that go through them; even a high-rated quest with only a few playthroughs will display a mediocre score. The Foundry truly adds an element that isn't seen all that often in MMORPGs and is one of the better executed aspects of Neverwinter.
GAMEPLAY – DDO
When comparing the combat mechanics of DDO and Neverwinter it really comes down to personal preference. Both games have excellent, active combat systems that feel more like a third-person action game than the stereotypical, sluggish tab-targeting variety MMORPG. DDO was definitely ahead of its time when released, but Neverwinter has stepped up the ante quite considerably. The fights in Neverwinter are fast-paced, use flashy skills, and require well-timed positioning and active dodging. Unfortunately, the number of available skills are harshly limited and it costs Zen to respect into different talents.
Therefore, the biggest difference between DDO and Neverwinter is whether you want a twitch-based fighting system or one that's slightly more methodical and strategic. In DDO there is an insane amount of skills and different ways that a character can be specialized. The combat might not be quite as intense but there's also an available skill for every job. When it comes to the Dungeons & Dragons universe, and the true nature of roleplaying a character, I'm inclined to believe that DDO has a more accurate, or at least relevant, combat system that fans would appreciate.
VISUALS – NEVERWINTER
It really isn't quite fair to compare a 2006 release to a 2013 one when it comes to graphical fidelity, but it is something present nonetheless. That being said, DDO hasn't suffered nearly as much as one would think after so many years. Yes, the game is a little rough around the edges, but the updates have kept visual options relevant enough to make the game more than tolerable to look at. When compared side-by-side to Neverwinter it's quite obvious who the winner is based on pure aesthetic detail. That detail does appear to come at a cost, however, as many aspects of the game look fairly generic.
For example, look at the character creation menu. The characters are obviously more polished than in DDO, but there's a definite lack of uniqueness to them. No matter how hard you try, all of the characters of the same race will look relatively similar, however, in DDO you can create much more varied individual with only a few tools. There are some other aspects of DDO that haven't aged so well, though. When it comes to spells and abilities, Neverwinter is miles ahead in terms of clean, vibrant-looking animations. It's generally difficult to argue that Neverwinter isn't more pleasing to the eye overall.
GUILDS – DDO
In Neverwinter a guild servers the same task that it does in most other games, and that is to bring players together. As a guild leader you can publish the day's news, host events, grant permissions and manage the bank. This system isn't much different from most other games, but it also doesn't bring anything new or exciting either. Instead, Neverwinter decides to play it safe and create a very generic purpose for guilds and that's perfectly fine on its own. However, when comparing it to DDO's guild system, it definitely comes up lacking.
Not only do guilds in DDO serve as a community hub, but they also serve in-game functions. One of the coolest guild perks is the ability to purchase an airship that can carry the guild to destinations around the world. Not only does this save time required to travel between zones but it also lets you get there in style. Of course airships aren't just handed out to every guild; they have to be earned. Currently there are 200 Guild Levels that are earned by leveling up a respective guild's renown through killing monsters, completing quests, and opening chests. There are all kinds of perks gained through guild levels including vendors, training dummies, a guild bank, and shrines that provide buffs. DDO takes the standard guild functions and then steps it up a few notches.
WINNER – DDO
It's hard to believe that a nine-year-old game can still put up a good fight, but this just goes to prove that newer isn't always better. Neverwinter does have some great aspects and the Foundry is a true game changer, but it also has a borderline offensive payment model and has strayed a bit from the true Dungeons & Dragons atmosphere. If you're looking for an authentic role-playing experience then Dungeons & Dragons Online is the way to go. It still has that methodical basement feeling to it, a great guild system, fun combat, and tons of content waiting to be unlocked.
Related: Column
ClearType Tuner is a pretty cool feature that I came to know about through an article on detector pro. It is generally really helpful and a blessing in disguise to people like me who have eyesight problems. It makes the text appear relatively clearer and thus reduces the strain on the eyes. The text appears smoother and darker. Infact you can sharpen it to the extent you want. If for reasons you want the text to appear blurred, you can do so. Reading lengthy pieces of material becomes easy with this technology. In short, it tunes up your display pretty well.
Although the technology was meant for LCD displays, it may also improve the visual with CRT display. Actually, ClearType plays with stationary pixels by turning its parts on and off. However, CRT (Cathode Ray Tube) uses an electron gun to mobilize the electrons instead of keeping them at a particular position.
It is the 178th most popular configurator on Windows and also one of the top ten features of Windows 7.
By default, ClearType is enabled and it is possible to further increase the legibility of the text that appears on your screen. The following are sample texts to better compare the appearance of text with and without the tuner turned on.
Starting with Windows 7, Microsoft has integrated the tuner utility to fine tune ClearType settings to your needs. On previous versions of Windows, it was only possible by using PowerToys tools.
ClearType Tuner in Windows 7 is a new control panel component which uses various samples of ClearType, presented in the form of an eye-test, to make fine grained adjustments to the ClearType algorithms. Each wizard page tunes a parameter such as monitor gamma, your sensitivity to color artifacts, and your preference for letter heaviness. The steps to access and tune it are quite simple!
Step 1: You can access the ClearType Text Tuner by any of the following ways :
Type CTTUNE in Start menu search and click on CTTUNE:
Through the directory address C:\Windows\System32:
Or through Command Prompt: Type cttune.exe in command prompt:
Step 2: The following wizard screen will appear:
You can enable or disable the tuner by clicking on the Turn on ClearType checkbox.
Click Next
Step 3: Select the sample text block that suits you best and then click Next(for the next four consecutive screens):
Step 4: Click Finish. You are done!
Read this article at E7 Blog to understand the complete engineering changes to ClearType technology in Windows 7.
I just modified the settings of the tuner for my laptop. I hope you find it as useful as i did 🙂
Related Stories
Share. Alaska is super smart! Alaska is super smart!
According to a new study from online advertising network Chitika, states with more college graduates correlate with higher iPhone sales.
States with the largest number of iPhone users include Alaska (65.5%), Montana (60.1%), and Vermont (59.4%). On the flip side, Iowa (42.1%) and Delaware (42.2%) have the lowest iPhone sales.
Exit Theatre Mode
The study also found that iPhone buyers tend to be wealthier, but because higher incomes also correlate with college degrees, Chitika says that result is redundant.
To collect its data, Chitika analyzed a sample of "hundreds of millions of U.S.-based iPhone ad impressions accessed via Chitika's mobile ad platforms between December 25-31 to account for holiday sales. Still, it's okay to take these numbers with a grain of salt. CNN reports that Chitika says its results "are not comprehensive" because the company focused on states and not smaller regions.
Brian is an associate editor at IGN. You can follow him @albinoalbert on Twitter.
Update: Wednesday, Oct. 13 at 5:46 p.m.
Jefferson City Police return to the scene to investigate dog shooting.
"There are a lot of things still at play and everything is still, I guess, fair game in terms of what may be the outcome, Jefferson City Police Capt. Doug Shoemaker said.
Read the entire story here
Update: Wednesday, Oct. 13 at 11:04 a.m.
Jefferson City Police Capt. Doug Shoemaker said that the police are investigating the case. He continued to say that it is not closed and is an on-going investigation.
Cole County Prosecutor Mark Richardson said that he has not seen a police report on the case and cannot charge anyone until the report is sent to his office.
Original Story:
A 9-year-old Jefferson City boy is still very upset, because his dog was shot and killed in front of him Monday night.
"I was walking my dog and I walked him down the hill. There was another person and he had a dog, Jerry Adams said. "I was holding on to [the dog] and he pulled out a gun and shot him."
Jerry said he couldn't believe what happened to his dog, Echo, in the alley down the street from his home on Ashley Street.
Jerry said the man told him that he is going to kill his dog now before he pulled out the gun and fired the shot.
The man who shot the dog is no stranger to Jerry, he's his neighbor.
The 57-year old told officers he did it because the pit bull charged at him.
The man hasn't been arrested or charged with a crime; and Jerry TMs mother wants to know why.
"I TMm outraged for one because they didn't arrest him. He pointed a gun at my child, Jerry TMs Mother Joy Adams said. Shot a dog who was on a leash and they didn't do anything. This man lives three houses up. My son is terrified to come off the porch and be outside. He doesn't want our other dog to come outside because he's scared what he's going to do."
Joy said that their pit bull was not aggressive and she doesn't know why the man shot him.
"He TMs a puppy. He TMs playful, Joy said. Of course he's a pit so everyone thinks he's aggressive. His whole back end shakes so hard because he is so excited to see people just from his tail wagging."
Jerry won't see that playful side of Echo ever again, and until police take action he won't be outside walking the family's other dog either.
Jefferson City Police said the man could be charged with unlawful use of a weapon.
When President Donald Trump gave a speech before the CIA Memorial Wall in Langley, Virginia, the American intelligence community was not the only group listening. Trump's off-the-cuff remarks about oil and Iraq reportedly reached Iraqi soldiers and militiamen who are currently fighting ISIS.
“If we kept the oil, you probably wouldn't have ISIS because that's where they made their money in the first place,” Trump said in a televised speech at CIA headquarters. “So we should have kept the oil, but, OK, maybe we'll have another chance.”
Advertisement:
These words reportedly shook Iraqis, some of whom spoke with BuzzFeed News about the prospect of another American invasion.
“We kept our ammunition and weapons from the time the Americans left for fighting ISIS," one 27-year-old security official said. "But once ISIS is gone we will save our weapons for the Americans.”
BuzzFeed's Borzou Daragahi reported that Trump's remarks could spoil relations with one of the key players in the war against ISIS.
“He cannot do it. He cannot succeed,” said a 30-year-old Baghdad resident and militia fighter. “Of course I would fight the Americans if they came for the oil.”
“There's no way Trump could take the oil unless he launched a new military front and it is a new world war,” said another who works as a photographer for a new branch of Iraq's armed forces consisting of former militiamen and volunteers.
Even a Fox News contributor was alarmed by the president's blasé comments. Charles Krauthammer told Fox News' Bret Baier Saturday night that Trump's statement about keeping the oil after the 2003 invasion of Iraq could be considered a war crime.
Advertisement:
"The point is that when you become president of the United States, your words, they are incredibly important. You can say one sentence and the dollar will lose its value." Krauthammer said. "Pondering the oil is a war crime."
The new Expo Line light rail extension from Culver City to Santa Monica doesn't open until May, but rental prices are already way up along the new track. An analysis by RadPad shows that, on average, rents have risen nearly 15 percent in the neighborhoods around the forthcoming stations, with an increase of more than 45 percent at the Westwood Rancho Station. Both numbers far exceed the already sizable 11.6 percent jump in citywide rent prices that occurred in 2015.
The data comes from a study of rental prices for one-bedroom apartments along each of Los Angeles's future rail lines. In RadPad's analysis, rental prices along the Expo Line have jumped the most significantly in the past year, suggesting that the soon-to-be-operational rail system is luring renters to the area. Given the inaccessibility of homeownership for many Angelenos, and the nation-leading traffic woes, it is quite possible that some renters are willing to pay a premium for easy access to public transit.
A notable exception to this trend is downtown Santa Monica. While all other stations except Sepulveda saw a notable increase in rental prices, prices near the new Expo Line's final stop, just a few blocks from the beach, dropped more than 10 percent. Perhaps this is not surprising in an area where mistrust of the new rail line runs deep. Then again, it would be hard for the price of rent in prime Santa Monica to get much higher.
The results of RadPad's analysis correspond fairly well with a recent LA Times study of income levels near Metro stations. In general, the lowest rental prices can be found along the upcoming Crenshaw/LAX Line and the new Gold Line Extension, while the highest prices are those around future Purple Line subway stations. And while the extended Purple Line is still a ways off, rents around the Wilshire/Fairfax station are up more than 42 percent.
Interestingly, while the rental prices near the new stations on the Gold Line's foothill extension are actually slightly below rents close to the Crenshaw Line, the LA Times data suggests that income levels are significantly higher near the Gold Line stops.
Across a vast swath of Europe and Asia, rain is increasingly falling in the short, localized bursts associated with thunderstorms, seemingly at the expense of events where a steady rain falls over many hours, a new study finds.
The study, detailed Wednesday in the journal Science Advances, directly links this trend to the warming and moistening of the atmosphere caused by rising greenhouse gas levels.
The results fit with rainfall trends already observed in the U.S., as well as model predictions that massive rains associated with thunderstorms could become both more frequent and more intense in the U.S. as the world continues to heat up.
The shift toward more extreme rains could have implications for water management and flooding because the ground is less able to absorb rainwater when it falls all at once.
“These changes should have pretty big impacts on this region,” Andreas Prein, of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colo., said.
That a warming atmosphere will lead to more extreme rainfall events is one of the basic predictions of climate science, and is linked to the fact that warming leads to more evaporation, which leads to more water vapor in the atmosphere. That means that when rains occur, there's more water vapor available to dump as rain.
Extreme downpours have already been increasing in the U.S., most notably in the Northeast, where they have increased by 71 percent since mid-century, according to the 2014 National Climate Assessment.
But rain comes in different types, namely convective and non-convective. Convection is the process that causes thunderstorms, and happens when there is strong warming at the Earth's surface, creating an unstable atmosphere. That hot surface air rises, cooling as it does so, creating clouds and fueling heavy rain. It's a short-lived, very local phenomenon that tends to occur most often in the summer. The skies can go from sunny, to downpour, to sunny again within an hour.
Non-convective precipitation, on the other hand, is typically involved with the passing of weather fronts and tends to lead to steady rains falling over several hours or days.
But it is difficult to distinguish how warming will impact these different rain processes, in part because convective rain happens on too small a scale for global climate models to resolve. A recent U.S.-focused study conducted by Prein got around this by using a higher-resolution model looking only at the U.S. to show that extreme rains linked to convective storms would happen both more often and would dump increasingly more rain with each storm.
The new study, led by Hengchun Ye, a climate researcher at California State University, Los Angeles, and director of NASA's DIRECT-STEM initiative, looked at a wide area of Europe and Asia from the opposite direction, to see what trends might already be happening with convective and non-convective rainfall. The researchers used daily precipitation data and weather observations that distinguished between the two rain types from 152 weather stations spanning the years from 1966 to 2000.
They found that over that period, the yearly total of convective precipitation averaged over the whole study area “has been increasing astonishingly fast,” by about 1.4 inches per decade, with 8.5 more days of convective precipitation each decade.
Overall annual precipitation doesn't seem to have changed much, though, which suggests that convective precipitation is increasing at the expense of non-convective rains, a result that Prein, who wasn't involved with the research, called surprising.
“It's exciting what they show,” he said.
The shift seems to be happening in particular seasons, with spring and fall becoming more summer-like in their precipitation patterns. For example, non-convective precipitation accounted for the bulk of fall rains prior to the mid-1980s, after which convective rains took over.
The study authors also found that average daily precipitation intensity was increasing, largely because of the increase in convective rains.
The findings make physical sense, Ye said, because “the climate has been warming up and we have more water vapor.”
Surface temperature rise means that there is more energy in the air close to the surface, making that air more buoyant “so you can trigger convection much easier,” Prein said.
The study found that the yearly total of convective precipitation rose by 18.4 percent for every degree Celsius rise in temperature. Since pre-industrial times, or before human activities began warming the planet, global temperatures have risen by about 1°C (1.8°F).
Most of the rise in convective precipitation is due to those events happening more often, with the increase in rain intensity contributing a smaller nudge upward.
As these trends continue with warming, they could have major impacts on water management. The trade-off in non-convective rains for more convective rain means that there will be fewer days that have rain, but more rain falling on days when storms do occur, Ye said.
A shift from more frequent non-convective rains to less frequent downpours could overwhelm the ability of the soil and plants to absorb rainwater. If the ground can't absorb the water, it runs off into streams, potentially causing floods and changing how cities and countries must think about capturing their water.
This article is reproduced with permission from Climate Central. The article was first published on January 26, 2017.
LONG BEACH >> The company demolishing the famed Belmont Plaza Pool is expected to begin work in mid- to late October, according to Amy Bodek, director of development services.
Last week, the Long Beach City Council agreed to cede its permitting authority for the part of the project under city control to the California Coastal Commission, the agency with jurisdiction over the majority of the facility.
Bodek said the measure will ease the process by eliminating the potential for conflicting approval conditions or mitigation measures.
Consolidating the permit also allows the pool demolition to begin soon after the next Coastal Commission meeting, scheduled for Oct. 8-10.
Before the vote, Councilwoman Suzie Price urged Public Works Department officials to use caution when routing trucks hauling debris through the neighborhood surrounding the pool.
“Obviously, we want to make sure that we pick routes and a path that's least invasive to the residents there,” Price said.
Late last week, city officials announced trucks would egress from the site via Bennett Avenue to Ocean Boulevard to Redondo Avenue to Seventh Street.
Exbon Development of Garden Grove has been selected to conduct the demolition. The estimated $3.1 million cost will be deducted from the $99 million the city has set aside to rebuild the Belmont Pool, closed in January 2013 after seismic deficiencies in the structure were found.
The discussion to replace the pool, the site of the 1968 and 1976 U.S. Olympic trials, has been passionate.
After the first design didn't include a separate diving well, aquatics community members objected, arguing one is needed to replicate the competitive successes of the pool where diving legends such as two-time Olympic gold medalist Greg Louganis trained.
City staff said, however, that the separate temperature-controlled pool would inflate the project's cost to as high as $128 million, leading some to question the expense for a feature that would be used by a small segment of the public.
A committee of city officials and stakeholders came up with a compromise that sacrifices permanent seating, reduces restaurant space and eliminates banquet space to accommodate the diving well with existing funds.
The 650 indoor seats in the design would preclude hosting large events, such as NCAA championships and USA Swimming Club Nationals that require a minimum 1,250 seats, but various options could increase indoor seating capacity to as many as 1,500 seats, at a total project cost of $105.7 million, according to the recommended plans.
Deputy City Manager Tom Modica said the Coastal Commission will insist on public availability for the diving well as a condition of approving it.
“Kids will be able to dive there on the springboards,” Modica said. “You can do swimming there, you can do water polo there.”
Access to the 10-meter platforms would not be available to the general public, according to Modica.
As the Belmont Pool's destruction approaches, enthusiasts have been working with the city to save parts of the Belmont Pool, such as the dedication plaque and international flags hung around the swim area.
Tiles from the pool and diving well cannot be preserved because of lead and asbestos contamination, officials said.
A Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft of the Royal Netherlands Air Force lands at Incirlik airbase in the southern city of Adana Thomson Reuters France said on Friday it would buy four C130 Hercules military transport planes from U.S. weapons maker Lockheed-Martin due to problems with European planemaker Airbus's A400M.
A Defense Ministry source had said in May that France had penciled several hundreds of millions of euros into its latest defense budget for the possible purchase of those four planes and would make a decision by year-end.
"I confirmed the purchase a few days ago," Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said during a visit to a military base in Jordan from which French jets are carrying out strikes on Islamic State targets in Syria.
The delivery of the C130s could start in 2017, a French military source said.
Le Drian did not go into details over issues with the A400M.
In July, Airbus Group had told buyer nations of the A400M transporter aircraft, which has been developed for seven European NATO nations, that it would not deliver all of its high-tech defenses according to plan.
An A400M crashed during a test flight in May.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Here is Robert Barro in the Wall Street Journal today making the case for anti-union policies:
There is evidence that right-to-work laws—or, more broadly, the pro-business policies offered by right-to-work states—matter for economic growth. In research published in 2000, economist Thomas Holmes of the University of Minnesota compared counties close to the border between states with and without right-to-work laws (thereby holding constant an array of factors related to geography and climate). He found that the cumulative growth of employment in manufacturing (the traditional area of union strength prior to the rise of public-employee unions) in the right-to-work states was 26 percentage points greater than that in the non-right-to-work states.
It's true that Holmes wrote this paper. You can read it here if you like, or you can read a shorter, more accessible version here. In a technical sense, it's an interesting bit of research. As Holmes says, “In state capitals throughout the country, proponents of pro-business policies routinely claim that state policies are an important determinant of business location. But this claim is open to debate. While there has been no shortage studies on the issue, there is a lack of consensus.”
Well, guess what? Holmes concluded that if moving a few miles across a state border allows a manufacturing business to reside in a right-to-work state with low taxes, no unions, and lax environmental policies, lots of manufacturing businesses will jump at the chance. It's good to see some rigorous confirmation of this, I suppose, but let's face it: It's hardly a surprise, is it? It would be pretty shocking if it weren't true.
Still, does this say anything about the effect of unions on economic growth, as Barro implies? No. Not a single thing. All it says is that businesses prefer locating in states where costs are low and rules are lax — something I think we all knew already. Of course that's what businesses prefer. But it says literally nothing at all about whether the United States as a whole would have higher or lower growth if every state either did or didn't have right-to-work laws. Implying otherwise is a clever debating technique, but that's about all it is.
UPDATE: Ed Kilgore has more on this in the New Republic today:
Students of economic development will recognize [this] as the “smokestack-chasing” model of growth adopted by desperate developing countries around the world….And students of American economic history will recognize it as the “Moonlight and Magnolias” model of development, which is native to the Deep South…..This was the default model of economic growth in Southern states for decades—as the capital-starved, low-wage region concluded that the way it could compete economically with other states was to emphasize its comparative advantages: low costs, a large pool of relatively poor workers, “right to work” laws that discouraged unionization, and a small appetite for environmental or any other sort of regulation. ….The problem with this Southern theory of growth is that it won't work: Economic development experts usually deride “Moonlight and Magnolias” approaches to job creation, noting that they track the outmoded first and second “waves” of basic economic development theory—which emphasized crude economic races to the bottom—as opposed to third and fourth “waves” that focus on worker skills, quality of life, public-private partnerships, innovation, and sustainability. If Wisconsin and other states—not to mention the country as a whole—end up adopting these atavistic economic ideals, they will simply begin to resemble the dysfunctional Old South societies that spawned them in the first place. So what is at stake in Wisconsin, and across the country, is not just the pay and benefits of public employees, or their collective bargaining rights, or the specific programs facing the budgetary knife. We are contesting whether Americans who are not “job creators,” by virtue of wealth, should be considered anything more than cannon fodder in an endless war between states—and countries—over who can attract the most capital by slashing the most regulations. In this sense, standing up to Scott Walker is a truly worthy fight.
As they say, read the whole thing.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Activists from the online campaign group Avaaz tore down a cardboard wall near the site of the former Berlin Wall on Friday to urge American expats in Germany to vote against Republican nominee Donald Trump in the U.S. election on Nov. 8.
Many identify Trump with his proposal to build a huge border wall between the United States and Mexico to keep migrants out; moreover, the event was staged in front of the Brandenburg Gate, near the place where U.S. president Ronald Reagan publicly urged Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in 1987 to “tear down this wall”.
Holding red and blue placards saying “Stop Trump” and “Tear Down Trump's Wall”, dozens of cheering activists toppled the 2.5 meter (8.2 foot) structure, emblazoned with a picture of Trump, with their hands and rubber mallets.
Many of the 150 or so onlookers chanted “The wall must come down!” as it was knocked over.
Around 8 million Americans live abroad but only 12 percent of them voted in the 2012 election, Avaaz said in a statement.
“Americans abroad are the ‘Swing State' that nobody knows about, who could, however, decide the vote this year. A large number of them live in Germany,” said Emma Ruby-Sachs, deputy director of Avaaz.
In a Reuters/Ipsos poll published last week, 42 percent of likely voters supported Clinton, a former secretary of state, and 38 percent backed the Republican real estate tycoon.
Up until three years, the progressive watchdog group Progress Michigan, held an annual conference called “The Michigan Summit”. However, due a lack of participation and a lack of funding, they were discontinued. This year, thanks to the new progressive energy sparked by the ascension of Donald Trump to the Oval Office, the Michigan Summit is back.
“Donald Trump has created a lot of new energy and a lot of new interest this year,” Progress Michigan Executive Director Lonnie Scott told me. “People were asking us if we were going to do it again this year. So we decided it was time to bring it back and provide a space where progressives can meet, share ideas and best practices, discuss strategies, and network with one another.”
This year's program features speeches by Flint Water Crisis hero Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha, National Director of Black Youth Project 100 Charlene Carruthers, and EMILY's List President Stephanie Schriock. There will also be a panel discussion moderated by Detroit Free Press columnist Nancy Kaffer titled “Journalism in Trump's America” featuring Rebecca Buckwalter-Poza from the Center for American Progress and political columnist Michael Cohen from The Boston Globe. It's a diverse group of presenters representing a wide array of backgrounds and skills, reflecting the diversity of the progressive movement in America.
The event takes place from 8 a.m. until 6 p.m. on Saturday, March 4th at the Lansing Center in Lansing, Michigan. Tickets are only $25 and include lunch. If you are in need of financial assistance in order to attend, scholarships are available. To purchase your ticket and reserve a spot at the Michigan Summit, click HERE.
This event is not just for veteran progressive activists and organizers. Whether you have been organizing and taking action for years, newly inspired by recent events to stand up and be heard, or something in between, this year's Michigan Summit has something for you. Speaking as someone who has attended previous Michigan Summits, I can tell you from personal experience that you will come away energized, with new ideas and new contacts, ready to fight with a renewed sense of purpose.
You don't want to miss this exciting event. Tickets are going fast so register today.
General sale details View in browser here Don't worry, you haven't missed the opportunity to buy tickets to next year's ICC Champions Trophy.
The general sale period to buy tickets to the tournament opens at 2pm BST on Thursday 27 October.
There are still tickets available for 10 matches which includes the two day/night fixtures at The Oval and Edgbaston, as well as Sri Lanka v Pakistan in Cardiff. See below for the full list of matches with tickets available.
With tickets for all matches due to be in high demand, make sure you buy your tickets quickly or risk losing out on being a part of next summer's showpiece event. We know a number of you have had questions about tickets being sold on sites other than icc-cricket.com/tickets. Please be assured this is also of concern to us and an issue we are looking into. To explain, to date, fans have only been told what matches they successfully applied for in the ballot, therefore any tickets being advertised on secondary sites with allocation details listed are misleading and cannot be guaranteed. The situation is being monitored and appropriate legal measures are being taken against these sites. We strongly recommend that you only buy tickets via the official site at icc-cricket.com/tickets to avoid disappointment. There will be an official resale site available from February 2017 where fans will be able to sell their tickets to other fans, at face value, should they not be able to attend any longer. Want to change the emails you receive from us? Click here to update your preferences. Are your friends interested? Forward this email and tell them to sign up at www.ecb.co.uk/register Company Registration Number: 03251364 County of Registration: United Kingdom Registered Office Address: The England & Wales Cricket Board Lord's Cricket Ground, London NW8 8QZ Don't want to hear from us at all about any of the upcoming ICC tournaments? Click here to unsubscribe from all emails. Please note that if you choose this option, we will not be able to contact you at all about ICC Champions Trophy 2017, ICC Women's World Cup 2017 or ICC World Cup 2019
Share selection to:
Australia ranks 8th out of 38 OECD countries when it comes to starting new businesses. Australian Bureau of Statistics data shows that almost all employment growth over the last decade can be attributed to start-up businesses - defined as a business less than two years old.
In addition, about 70 per cent of Australian start-ups report some type of innovation in product, process or market entry.
But, despite this flurry of innovation activity, very few of these start-ups create either permanent jobs or long term economic and social benefits. It has been estimated that almost 97 per cent of start-ups will either exit or fail to grow and, of the firms that do make it beyond their first two years, 77 per cent of all economic benefits will be created by the 3 per cent of start-ups that become high growth firms.
Additionally, Australia ranks last for start-up growth out of 27 OECD countries measured.
Almost all employment growth in Australia over the last 10 years is from start-up businesses. Picture: Pixabay
FOCUS AND PRIORITISE
Maybe part of the answer to creating high growth businesses lies in what just about any Australian visitor to Silicon Valley hears from the locals about Australian entrepreneurs – we lack focus. It is no coincidence that the great entrepreneurial clusters around the world share one common trait - they are outstanding at a few things, not everything.
One of my favourite Australian examples is Intrepid Travel. In many respects, Intrepid is a familiar story – two Aussie mates return from travelling the world, and decide to create a business that lets them keep on travelling. In Intrepid's case, the founders Darrel and Manch, decided to focus on small group adventure travel that created economic, social and environmental benefits at the destinations they work with.
Their focus on a particular market also gave them insight to a travel trend that was emergent in 1988 but has become a key driver of travel choices today – conservation and sustainability. They incorporated this insight into their business model, as a core and driving value, ahead of many other travel businesses and they are now the largest travel company of their type in the world, hosting over 100,000 travellers a year.
Like the entrepreneurs at the helm of our start-up industry, investors and policymakers need to focus their efforts. Whether these priorities leverage current high growth areas like mining, specialised transport and special accommodation, or look to kick-start new areas of innovation; what is clear is the need for a strategy focused on encouraging the right start-ups, not simply more start-ups.
It sounds like heresy in the current rush to throw public and private resources at encouraging more start-ups, but it may be possible that less is better.
FROM START-UP TO SCALE-UP
The failure of start-ups to grow isn't a uniquely Australian problem. Many international reports have identified the same problem – entrepreneurs lack the skills to ‘scale up.'
Entrepreneurship can be thought about as two journeys. The first; the technological journey which is usually relatively predictable and stable. The second; the personal and business journey which is much more erratic and unpredictable.
It is important that we equip people for the technological journey, and the current national focus on encouraging more people to study STEMM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics and Medicine) topics makes sense, particularly the current emphasis on increasing participation from under-represented groups.
An entrepreneurial ecosystem only has value when it is used. Picture: Heisenberg Media/Flickr
It is not so evident that we are doing great job of preparing people for the business and personal journey.
We are seeing record numbers of business graduates from universities around the world, at the same time as higher numbers of entrepreneurs report failure to grow or even survive. A lack of marketing, finance and business management skills is frequently associated with start-up failure in Australia and overseas. It seems entrepreneurs either do not have the opportunity to acquire these skills for themselves or lack the networks and expertise to attract these vital skills to their business.
I'm not sure that a global campaign to encourage entrepreneurs to learn to read a profit and loss statement would capture the zeitgeist of rock star entrepreneurs telling us we need to learn to code, but it might be just as useful.
Rethinking the entrepreneurial ecosystem
Of course the personal and business journeys are not independent of one another, and many argue that the long tradition of mentorship can help to create a harmony between the two to underpin business success.
In principle, it seems promising to link inexperienced entrepreneurs with experienced advisers. However, it doesn't always work in practice.
Recently, colleagues at Stanford and Berkeley separately described mentorship as ‘the greatest wasted opportunity in entrepreneurship'. Their experience is that mentors and mentees tend to be poorly matched and the frequency and format of meetings tend to be ad hoc. This is clearly not a great model for the exchange of knowledge and information.
Anecdotal feedback in Australia indicates that lack of specific experience relevant to the new business venture, lack of direct experience in a start-up, unclear expectations of mentors and mentees and lack of clarity around progress from the mentor relationship are seen as fairly common problems.
Australia has a global reputation as a great place to start a business, but it is critical to our future that we become a nation that is famous for growing businesses. It appears that some of the elements are already there. We have an ever increasing number of people with the business skills to help entrepreneurs grow and a willing group of people with relevant business and personal experience to help entrepreneurs on the journey.
As the global rhetoric slowly shifts to the critical role of the ‘ecosystem' for successful entrepreneurship, we are quickly putting some of the key elements of that ecosystem in place. But the part of the puzzle that still remains unsolved is the best way to connect inexperienced entrepreneurs with the part of the network that is most relevant and useful for them.
We frequently admonish innovators who take a ‘build it and they will come' approach to new ventures, but that seems to be the approach we are taking to building an entrepreneurial ecosystem.
An entrepreneurial ecosystem doesn't have value because it exists, it only has value when it is used. The very low number of high growth start-ups shows that we still have a lot to learn about making the emerging ecosystem useful.
Banner image: Pixabay
You can find more information on entrepreneurship at the University of Melbourne here.
A Gold Coast father who smothered his baby daughter to death could be released from prison as early as next year.
Shayne Robert Quinn, 29, violently shook four-month-old Courtney Quinn and placed his hand over her face while she was sucking on a dummy in September 2013.
Quinn told triple zero he had woken to find his daughter had stopped breathing, but she was already cold and blue by the time he took her to hospital.
Pathologists found the child also had dozens of old injuries, including 34 rib fractures consistent with being "squeezed", a broken arm and a fractured leg.
Quinn was originally charged with murder but pleaded guilty earlier this year to a reduced charge of manslaughter.
He was sentenced in the Brisbane Supreme Court on Friday to eight years in jail but with time already spent in custody, he will be eligible for parole in March 2017.
The court heard Quinn's then-partner and the child's mother Jasmin Harris was sentenced in June to two years and six months jail for child cruelty.
In the week prior to her death, Harris failed to take the baby to the hospital after a GP noticed the child had a broken arm, which Quinn admitted causing.
The court heard Quinn was struggling to cope with caring for the baby while he was unemployed and Harris was working as an escort.
"This was not some momentary lack of judgment, it was a deliberate act," Chief Justice Catherine Holmes said on Friday.
Justice Holmes told Quinn he had done a terrible thing but there was nothing in his life to indicate he would do something similar again.
"You can remake your life," she said.
© AAP 2019
The recluse, who suffered from severe depression, was eventually declared dead in 2010.
Carlos Sanchez Ortiz De Salazar mysteriously disappeared in 1995 at the age of 26.
I shot JFK from the grassy knoll: Mafia hitman claims to be...
I am Spanish, my name is Carlos and I have been here since 1997
But two terrified mushroom pickers said they stumbled across his camp in a nature reserve on the Maremma coast in northern Tuscany.
The two men described finding a man with "a dirty face and large beard" and ran back towards the footpath in fear.
The foragers returned hours later with a forest ranger and were greeted by the mysterious loner.
Dr Salazar, a former psychiatrist from Seville, Spain, told the foragers he did not want to live among people and would leave his hiding place now it had been discovered.
The hermit, who was living in a tent, showed them his passport and said: "I am Spanish, my name is Carlos and I have been here since 1997."
The mushroom pickers contacted a Spanish missing person's association who managed to trace Mr Salazar's parents after a month.
In December 2012, I lost my shit.
I mean I really, truly, freaked out. Not the first time in my life. Beginning around adolescence, I started suffering from cyclical bouts of intense Depression. Back then that word wasn't bandied about the way it is now. It certainly wasn't mentioned in the home in which I grew up. Nor was anxiety or self-medication or alcoholism. Definitely not PTSD. But I know now, because of a growing body of research explaining these things, that for the vast majority of my life, I suffered all of these ailments of body and mind.
I can't make an accurate diagram indicating how much of my mind has been eaten up by the anxiety vs. the Depression, the PTSD vs. the addiction issues. I can say that all of them are interrelated, that they had a hell of a party inside my mind for decades, egging each other on, double daring each other to see which would be the one to finally take me down.
I used to try to find a cure in the bottle. And that worked really well for me. Just about every night I would throw back a bunch of booze and, somewhere between the third and fourth drink, I would find this beautiful mental sweet spot; the anxiety would melt away, I could be still, and the pains past and present that had been screaming at me would just shut the hell up. This felt so good. And it lasted for a solid twenty minutes. Then I'd be drunk. Then hungover the next day. Hangovers are feasts for mental demons and they'd all rush to the table and devour me some more, amplify the voices of self-doubt, self-hatred, fear, worry, and all of the other ninety billion variations of darkness I could conjure.
Eventually, thankfully, I put down the bottle. That was a good start. But getting sober was not, it turned out, enough to keep me from succumbing to ongoing stretches of Depression, which still swept over me unbidden and left me reeling. Not as often and not usually as bad. But the thing about Depression is, when you're in it, you hardly have an interest in consoling yourself with the thought: Say, I only feel 87% like utter hell instead of 110%, the way I used to feel when I was depressed and drunk!
In December 2012, my mind went haywire yet again. But despite feeling like dying seemed far less complicated than living, I understood I did not want to kill myself. Nor did I want to relapse and drown my pain in alcohol. Best of all, I understood that, despite being so exhausted I could barely summon the energy to take a leak, I absolutely had to investigate a cure. A real, true, once-and-for-all healing of my mind.
I'd flirted with anti-depressants several times in the nineties, to no avail. I did know about meditation and in fact had been meditating off an on for a dozen years. But now I wanted to see if I could commit to a serious, daily practice in the hopes of banishing Depression forever. A tall order, yes. But I was so sick of being felled regularly by my own mind. Also, a growing body of neuroscientific studies was quantifying astonishing results experienced by meditators. Not that I actually, in my condition, gave much of a rat's ass about these studies. But the buzz was out there: Meditate. It's damn good for you. And so I applied mindful breathing to my life in a very dedicated way.
It's been more than two years since I started that experiment. I have not missed a single day. And I'm going to tell you right now, still in half-disbelief myself: meditation worked. I don't mean I feel a little better. I mean the Depression is gone. Completely. I still have very hard days, yes. But when issues come up, real or imagined (or a combination of both), meditation provides an awareness that helps me sort through it all, stay steady on, and understand deeply what is going on.
You know those Magic 8 Balls that you ask a question, then shake and a white triangle appears offering variations of YES, NO, and UNCLEAR? Pretend your mind is the 8 Ball. Now pretend your question has to deal with something truly getting to you: personal failures, relationship problems, guilt, regret, addiction. Meditation is like shaking the 8 Ball – except completely different because once you've practiced for awhile, you're always getting a clear answer and never getting some vague suggestion to ask again later.
Through regular practice, I learned how to meditate under all sorts of circumstances, not just home alone on my cushion. One of my favorite examples of this occurred when I was invited to participate in an event called 60-In-Sixty to support Fusebox Festival, a renowned fringe theater extravaganza in Austin. Sixty performers each get one minute to do whatever they wish. I decided I'd use my slot to meditate and have the rowdy, packed house join me. I kept my expectations very low, unsure if my plan would work.
Adding to my challenge was the guy who went on immediately prior to me who sang about dreaming of singing in front of people naked. Which yes, he sang naked, his little man meat flapping in the breeze. There was a collective groan and recoil among the crowd. He shuffled off the stage after the longest minute in history and it was my turn.
I dropped to my cushion, got into half-lotus, and willed myself into mindful breathing. To my astonishment, the entire room fell into an immediate dead silence. Everyone breathed with me. Everyone held the space. I could hear my heart bashing against my ribs. I kept breathing. They kept breathing. It was also a very long minute, but a very good one that drove home a big point. My year of meditating with intent had paid off. I could still myself, and even others, in that crazy, noisy space.
The metaphor is almost too easy, but I'll take it: My whole life there was a crowd of voices in my mind. Sometimes they still show up. Always, I sit down on my cushion. I breathe. The voices stop. The silence is beautiful.
Author: Spike Gillespie
Editor: Caroline Beaton
Photo: Sebastien Wiertz/Flickr
Documentarian Says 'Anarchist Cookbook' Author Was Filled With Remorse
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Gravitas Ventures Courtesy of Gravitas Ventures
If you've been around long enough, you've probably seen The Anarchist Cookbook: It has a black cover, blocky white letters and instructions for making your own explosives. The book was published in the early 1970s with this warning: "Read this book, but keep in mind that the topics written about here are illegal and constitutes a threat. Also, more importantly, almost all the recipes are dangerous, especially to the individual who plays around with them without knowing what he is doing. Use care, caution, and common sense. This book is not for children or morons."
William Powell was 19 when he wrote those words, during the height of the Vietnam War protests. Since then, The Anarchist Cookbook has sold more than 2 million copies. It has also been linked to the Columbine shooting and the Oklahoma City bombing, as well as other acts of violence.
Over the decades, Powell didn't talk much about the book. He died in July 2016, but his obituary only ran recently in a number of papers; The New York Times said his family hadn't thought to notify the media before.
Now, a new documentary has increased curiosity around Powell's life. It's called American Anarchist and it's the work of filmmaker Charlie Siskel. Siskel says he knew about the book when he was growing up. "It was notorious. It was the kind of thing that kids in the suburbs had to get their parents angry." He says knowing about the book's legacy got him thinking about its author — so he tracked Powell down. American Anarchist, which was filmed before Powell's death, is a dialogue between the author and filmmaker.
Interview Highlights
On how Siskel convinced Powell to talk to him
I just tracked him down and I talked to him about what interested me about his story: the parallels between his story of writing this book at age 19 and, you know, creating a kind of Frankenstein's monster — something that he was unable to control after creating it — because the book, I imagined, haunted him throughout his life. ... Often there are stories of, you know, kids these days writing things online that they come to regret, but can't take back. So I saw parallels between Bill's story, which was kind of a pre-Internet test case of this phenomenon, and this Internet phenomenon of people being publicly disgraced for things that they do at a very young age.
On the source of Powell's anger when he was 19
Bill was an angry young man, and with reason. I think Bill — like a number of kids who have gone on to commit acts of violence, usually males — was sort of let down by the adult world. There were people who could have been role models, teachers for example, who were abusive toward Bill, and he was bullied as a kid. All of this is not to excuse what happened in writing the book; as it, I think, doesn't excuse the acts of violence that young people who are taken advantage of or hurt go on to commit. But it does do something to explain how they got there.
On what Powell did with his life after writing the book
I would say, you know, Bill sort of redeemed himself. He went to college and then became a teacher. He himself started working with kids who had emotional problems, kids who suffered from ADD and ADHD, and he worked in schools around the world. He traveled the world and really became an expert, a leading expert, in the field of work with kids with emotional needs. But he did it outside the United States, and I think part of it has to do with the fact that the book dogged him and kind of followed him throughout his adult life.
On how Powell felt about the book being linked to acts of violence
I know that when he learned about the associations between the book and acts of violence, I think it affected him deeply. It, as he says, filled him with remorse, although he distinguishes between remorse and regret. On some level I think he doesn't regret having written the book because it sort of came to define who he was and I think he grew from it. I think he learned a lot from the experience. But I think it saddens him to know that the book was associated with acts of violence.
But I also think it's important to say that while the book has been connected to some of these acts of violence and it has been influential for the people who read it, I don't think it is responsible in any kind of legal sense or causal sense. ... The information that is in the book is now out on the Internet and in many other places, and was even at the time. I mean, Bill himself got it from the public library, so it was out there in other forms and I think people who were determined to act out violently probably would have found that information or found ways to do it in any case. ... So drawing sort of a direct, causal link I think is problematic. But my sense is that none of that has been any great consolation for Bill throughout his life. ...
I think Bill has for many years wrestled with ... feeling on the one hand that you deserve redemption, that you deserve a second chance, and on the other hand feeling that you have done something wrong and that you feel a sense of guilt over. And clearly I think Bill is a complex enough person to hold on to both of those emotions at once.
Editor Courtney Dorning, producer Fatma Tanis and digital producer Nicole Cohen contributed to this story.
MONTRÉAL—With attacks ads on Justin Trudeau, Stephen Harper's Conservatives are focusing on the consequences rather than the root causes of their drop in popularity. They are assuming that undermining the credibility of yet another Liberal leader will necessarily shore up their own. That assumption turned out to be valid in the cases of Trudeau's two immediate predecessors. But two years into Harper's third mandate, it rests on shakier ground than in the lead-up to the last general election.
Conservative attack ads against Justin Trudeau are as likely to cement an already strong anti-Conservative resolve as to chip at Liberal support, writes Chantal Hébert. ( Frame grab )
Independent of leadership developments within the opposition parties, the Conservatives' own standing has steadily deteriorated since their 2011 majority victory. If anything the anti-Conservative core vote has become more solid while core support for the governing party has become softer. From the religious right to libertarians and fiscal conservatives, the key constituencies that make up Harper's coalition are finding that majority rule is not what it was cracked up to be.
Article Continued Below
But judging from the slump in Conservative fortunes, the centrist voters who bridged the gap between a minority and a governing majority two years ago feel that Harper's government is not living up to their expectations. With every passing month it is becoming harder to address the frustrations of the former without alienating more of the latter, and vice-versa. Anecdotal evidence suggests that at least some of the voters who say they would switch or return to the Trudeau-led Liberals in an election are doing so with their eyes open. It is not that they are blind to his potential shortcomings but that they are increasingly willing to overlook them to take the Conservatives out of government. If the Conservative black ops against Trudeau succeed, a significant chunk of those voters could be as likely if not more to turn to a centrist-led NDP as to want to help Harper secure a fourth mandate.
That trend is not based strictly on a cyclical tide for change. At this juncture an overwhelming majority of Canadians — around 70 per cent — agree as to the prime minister that they do not want, even if it means replacing Harper with an untested Liberal leader or an untried federal NDP.
Article Continued Below
Harper's predicament is more akin to a multiplication of slow leaks than a major puncture. That could make it harder to fix. To reduce the current battle to a personality contest that can be won with attack ads is to miss the central point that it is also unfolding on the field of values. Polls suggest that despite sustained Conservative efforts, Canadians are more likely to identify with Liberal- or NPD-inspired policies such as the Charter of Rights and Freedoms and medicare than with the favoured icons of the Canadian right. Trudeau's core strength rests in the fact that many voters project their fundamental political values onto his leadership, while Harper often comes across to them as a threat. The attack ads are as likely to cement an already strong anti-Conservative resolve as to chip at Liberal support. And many Conservative supporters would rather be defending solid government policy than partisan ads. For that to happen, the government would have to work itself out of an ongoing mid-life malaise. That should presumably start with a mid-term cabinet shuffle this summer. But in a government whose ministers have been expected to be faceless, does it matter who is sitting where at the cabinet table? And then governments are like big ships. They do not turn on a dime or on a 20-page throne speech. On climate change, on foreign affairs, on health care, on the economy the Conservative course is set and could not be easily altered even if the current crew wanted to. Last week a senior Ontario Conservative suggested that the only viable path to another Harper majority victory involved putting a kind face on a consistent Conservative agenda. On both scores we agreed that it is becoming a tall order.
Read more about:
Image caption There were 2,016 under-18s referred to the service in the past year
A five-year-old was referred to a specialist NHS clinic as a result of gender identity issues last year.
The child was one of 75 referred from Wales to the unit - almost double the previous year.
Seven years ago there was just one Welsh referral through the NHS.
The figures are from the Tavistock clinic - the only centre offering gender identity treatment to young people in England and Wales - which have seen a sharp rise in recent years.
About 2,000 children and young people were referred there through the NHS last year - an increase of 42% on 2015/16. The increase in referrals from Wales was 79%.
Experts say Wales is "catching up" and the rise is because of increasing awareness of gender identity issues.
Jamie Pallas from Gendered Intelligence, which works with transgender children and young people, said: "In general, there has been a great increase in awareness, so if young people are talking to their parents and have questions generally, their parents may be more aware in what they can do to help them. People know they can approach their GPs and ask for referrals.
"There is also a lot of information available on the internet and I think that has helped young people. Also, we are seeing schools support young people."
Image caption Llyr told her parents she was transgender aged 14
Llyr is among those to have been referred to the Tavistock and Portman Trust. The 16-year-old from Aberystwyth started presenting as a female last year, and has just started testosterone blocker injections.
The teenager, whose parents own a farm, said: "I was so excited about my first injection for testosterone blockers. As soon as the injection when in there was a burst of emotion, it is such a relief and emotion that it is done."
But the Tavistock and Portman Trust stressed that most users did not start the medical pathway to transition.
Dr Polly Carmichael, gender identity development service director and consultant clinical psychologist, said: "There is no single explanation for the increase in referral figures, but we do know in recent years that there has been significant progress towards the acceptance and recognition of transgender and gender diverse people in our society.
"There is also greater knowledge about specialist gender clinics and the pathways into them, and an increased awareness of the possibilities around physical treatments for younger adolescents.
"The majority of our users do not take up physical treatment through our service, and any decisions around hormone treatment needs time and considered thought.
"The long-term health and psycho-social wellbeing of young people is always our priority."
Kate Hutchinson, director of Wipe Out Transphobia, said there was no visibility, "no-one to talk to", and no trans youth organisations when she was a teenager in the 1980s.
"There were no fewer trans young people than today, we just had no-one to turn to for help.
"The only thing I ever saw about trans people were tabloid sensationalist stories that pushed your feelings deeper down and made you feel hopeless.
"Young trans people these days do not need to suffer like that, they see positive changes in attitudes and support, they have hope that they can show their authentic selves.
"Quite simply because of these shifts, they have more confidence and have more awareness of where to turn than previous generations to seek help at a younger age, instead of struggling on."
He was rushed to MIMS Hospital in Kozhikode, where he is still undergoing treatment. (Photo: Pixabay)
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Love took a terrible twist when an irate woman ‘chopped off' her lover's genitals after she found out that he was getting ready to marry someone else.
The 26-year-old injured man, identified as Arshad, was lured into a guesthouse in Kerala's Kattipuram to meet the woman, one last time.
However, it was here that she cut off his genitals with a knife
He was later rushed to a hospital and cops claim that the lover had arranged the meet up to teach him a lesson.
Locals heard the young man screaming in agony, before emergency services arrived at the scene to take him to a medical facility.
He was rushed to MIMS Hospital in Kozhikode, where he is still undergoing treatment.
According to cops, the man is undergoing treatment at MIMS hospital.
They further added that the scorned woman has been taken into custody for questioning.
For other uses, see Scrub
A scrub top
Scrub trousers
Scrubs are the sanitary clothing worn by surgeons, nurses, physicians and other workers involved in patient care in hospitals. Originally designed for use by surgeons and other operating room personnel, who would put them on when sterilizing themselves, or "scrubbing in", before surgery, they are now worn by many hospital personnel. Their use has been extended outside hospitals as well, to work environments where clothing may come into contact with infectious agents (veterinarians, midwives, etc.). Scrubs are designed to be simple (with minimal places for contaminants to hide), easy to launder, and cheap to replace if damaged or stained irreparably. In the United Kingdom, scrubs are sometimes known as Theatre Blues.
The spread of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) has increased the use of scrubs but can give wearers a false sense of security that they are 'clean' when in fact they are as easily contaminated as any other clothing.[1]
History of surgical attire [ edit ]
In contrast to the uniforms long required of nurses,[2] surgeons did not wear any kind of specialized garments until well into the 20th century.[3] Surgical procedures were conducted in an operating theater. The surgeon wore his own clothes, with perhaps a butcher's apron to protect his clothing from blood stains,[4] and he operated bare-handed with non-sterile instruments and supplies. (Gut and silk sutures were sold as open strands with reusable hand-threaded needles; packing gauze was made of sweepings from the floors of cotton mills.) In contrast to today's concept of surgery as a profession that emphasizes cleanliness and conscientiousness, up to the early 20th century the mark of a busy and successful surgeon was the profusion of blood and fluids on his clothes.[5] The importance of dress as a badge of one's class in society was paramount and the processes behind the transmission of infection were the subject of controversy within the profession.
With the "Spanish flu" pandemic of 1918 and the growing medical interest in Lister's antiseptic theory, some surgeons began wearing cotton gauze masks in surgery; however, this was not to protect the patient from intra-operative infection, but to protect the surgeon from the patient's diseases. Around the same time, operating theatre staff began wearing heavy rubber gloves to protect their hands from the solutions used to clean the room and equipment, a practice surgeons grudgingly adopted.
By the 1940s, advances in surgical antisepsis (now called aseptic technique) and the science of wound infection led to the adoption of antiseptic drapes and gowns for operating room use. Instruments, supplies and dressings were routinely sterilized by exposure to either high-pressure steam or ethylene oxide.
Originally, operating room attire was white to emphasize cleanliness. However, the combination of bright operating lights and an all-white environment led to eye strain for the surgeon and staff. By the 1950s and 1960s, most hospitals had abandoned white operating room apparel in favor of various shades of green, which provided a high-contrast environment, reduced eye fatigue, and made bright red blood splashes less conspicuous.[clarification needed]
By the 1970s, surgical attire had largely reached its modern state—a short-sleeve V-necked shirt and drawstring pants or a short-sleeve calf-length dress, made of green cotton or cotton/polyester blend. Over this was worn a tie-back or bouffant-style cloth cap, a gauze or synthetic textile mask, a cloth or synthetic surgical gown, latex gloves, and supportive closed-toe shoes. This uniform was originally known as "surgical greens" because of its color, but came to be called "scrubs" because it was worn in a "scrubbed" environment.
Use [ edit ]
In many operating rooms, it is forbidden to wear any exposed clothing, such as a t-shirt, beneath scrubs. As scrubs are designed to promote a clean environment, the wearing of outside clothing is thought to introduce unwanted pathogens.
American hospital workers in Baltimore, Maryland wearing scrubs in March 2001.
Nearly all patient care personnel at hospitals in the United States wear some form of scrubs while on duty, as do some staffers in doctor, dental, and veterinary offices. Doctors in the United States may wear their own clothes with a white coat except for surgery. Support staff such as custodians and unit clerks also wear scrubs in some facilities. When the physician is not performing surgery, the scrub is often worn under a white coat.
In the UK, all NHS hospital trusts have stringent clothing policies, and many of these specifically forbid wearing the iconic white coat for medical staff, owing to infection control concerns. This has meant that several hospitals around the UK have opted for scrubs for staff, especially in Accident and Emergency departments.
Scrubs are also sometimes used as prison uniforms in the U.S and other countries.
Modern scrubs [ edit ]
Today, any medical uniform consisting of a short-sleeve shirt and pants is known as "scrubs". Scrubs may also include a waist-length long-sleeved jacket with no lapels and stockinette cuffs, known as a "warm-up jacket".
Colors and patterns [ edit ]
Scrubs worn in surgery are almost always colored solid light grey, light green, light blue or a light green-blue shade.
Non-surgical scrubs come in a wider variety of colors and patterns, ranging from official issue garments to custom made, whether by commercial uniform companies or by home-sewing using commercially available printed patterns.
Some hospitals use scrub color to differentiate between patient care departments (i.e. Surgery, Childbirth, Emergency, etc.) or between licensed patient care personnel (nurses, radiologic technologists, respiratory and physical therapists, etc.), unlicensed assistive personnel, and non-patient care support staff (i.e. portering, dietary, unit clerks, etc.). Hospitals may also extend the practice to differentiate non-staff members/visitors.
In England and Wales many NHS trusts use different colored scrubs to distinguish between different branches of healthcare professionals, for example anaesthetists may wear maroon. This allows staff and patients to easily spot the workers they are looking for in a high pressure situation. Piping of different colors or pattern are also often used to distinguish seniority. Many hospitals have posters in reception areas explaining this system but it is mainly designed for hospital staff.
Custom-made printed scrub tops, featuring cartoon characters and cheerful prints, are common in pediatricians' offices, veterinary offices, dental clinics and children's hospitals, and prints for various holidays can be seen throughout the year. Some acute care facilities or larger hospitals also have relaxed rules regarding the wear of non-regulation scrubs in non-surgical units, and they are no longer just the classic v-neck scrub tops, but are now offered in many styles and patterns.
The scrub industry, much like maternity wear, used to have very limited fashion options. Indeed, scrubs were generally box shaped and ill fitted, often with limited design choices. Over the past 10 years, the scrub industry has taken notice of the individual preferences of medical professionals and have begun to design and manufacture fashionable and unique designs.
Cleaning [ edit ]
January 2015 laundry service in a medical facility in Sierra Leone . The scrubs are cleaned in-house to prevent the spread of disease.
Surgical scrubs are not generally owned by the wearer. Due to concerns about home laundering and sterility issues, these scrubs are usually hospital-owned or hospital-leased through a commercial linen service. And due to these laundering and sterility limitations, disposable scrub suits were introduced in the market.
Scrub caps [ edit ]
Scrub caps have graduated from being functional to also being a personalized accessory both in the operating room and outside. Before the antiseptic focus of the 1940s, hats were not considered essential to surgery. From the 1940s through the 1950s, as a hygienic focus swept the industry, hats became standard wear to help protect patients from contaminants in hair. Full-face hats were even designed for men with beards. These hats have been and continue to be distributed by group purchasing organizations (GPOs) who supply hospitals with most equipment.
In the medical fashion 'revolution' of the seventies, more and more medical professionals began personalizing their scrubs by either sewing their own hats or buying premade hats made of eclectic fabric. Several styles were popular, including the 'bouffant' surgical cap, a utilitarian hairnet-like hat which typically comes in light blue, and the 'milkmaid', a bonnet-like wrap around hat.
Bouffant surgical caps are perhaps the most widely used scrub hats in hospitals, and their usage is not limited to only nurses and surgeons: hospital patients are required to wear a bouffant cap when having surgery of any kind.
In 2016, a controversy emerged around the use of cloth or disposable surgical caps vs mandatory use of bouffant style surgical caps.[6] This controversy ended in state mandates for the use of bouffant caps to comply with Joint Commission standards.[7]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
http://www.surgeine.com/knowledge/disposable-gowns%20-vs-reusable-gowns-an-understanding-for-an-effective-barrier-and-control-against-infection
Borussia Monchengladbach say they will resist any approach from Bayern Munich to purchase midfielder Granit Xhaka this summer.
Xhaka, 22, was linked with a move to Bayern earlier this year and Gladbach have moved to dismiss fresh speculation after the Bundesliga champions sold Bastian Schweinsteiger to Manchester United.
Gladbach sporting director Max Eberl told Bild that there is no way the Switzerland international will be allowed to leave the club who finished third in the Bundesliga last season.
Granit Xhaka scored twice in 30 Bundesliga appearances for Gladbach last season.
"Granit will under no circumstances switch to Bavaria this summer," Eberl said in Bild. "The only ones who will maybe leave us are Peniel Mlapa and Amin Younes. Granit is staying with us no matter what."
Xhaka signed a new contract with Gladbach in February that, according to Bild, includes a €30 million buyout clause.
Xhaka also played down talk of a move on Tuesday, telling Sport Bild: "I've never had any contact with Bayern. I feel really comfortable [at Gladbach] -- that counts."
Meanwhile, Younes, a Germany under-21 international, is expected to leave Gladbach to sign a three-year deal with Dutch side Ajax, according to Voetbal International.
US fears major diplomatic embarrassment if Israelis and Palestinians collide in New York over looming request at UN for recognition of Palestinian statehood
The United States, Europe and the Middle East quartet are engaged in a last-ditch effort to set up a fresh round of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks in an attempt to head off a major diplomatic embarrassment over the looming Palestinian request for recognition of statehood at the UN.
The US is leading diplomatic pressure on Israeli and Palestinian leaders in a bid to persuade the parties back to negotiations rather than risk a damaging collision in New York next week. Secretary of state Hillary Clinton is in telephone contact with the three delegations in the region, who are co-ordinating their efforts.
Washington is keen to avoid carrying out a threat to veto a Palestinian request for full membership of the UN, a move likely to further damage America's already battered reputation in the Middle East, particularly following its strong backing for moves towards self-determination in the region this year.
But some at the heart of the diplomatic manoeuvres believe that it is now too late to stop the Palestinians taking their case to the UN and are concentrating on damage limitation by seeking a clear position for a return to the negotiation table after the world body meets.
The Palestinians insist that they will not be diverted from making a formal request at the security council for full member status, and that diplomatic interventions have come too late. They claim to be resisting pressure, which included President Obama this week describing their move as "counterproductive".
Washington, fearing isolation in wielding its veto, is seeking support from Britain in particular in its stand against the Palestinian resolution if it comes to a vote. Two other security council members, Russia and China, have openly backed the Palestinian move. France is sympathetic to the Palestinian demand but is seeking a compromise resolution that could be supported by Germany, which is opposed to UN recognition of a Palestinian state, in the hope of forging a common EU position.
Britain has so far not declared how it would vote but diplomatic sources say that it is torn between American pressure to support the US position in the security council and concerns about what such a move would do to the UK's standing in a changing Middle East, particularly while it is still heavily involved in Libya.
The former British prime minister, Tony Blair, now special envoy of the Middle East quartet, was Wednesday working on a text to put to Israeli and Palestinian leaders outlining a basis on which talks might resume.
He was liaising with EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton and US special envoys David Hale and Dennis Ross in the region, and by telephone with Clinton. The former British prime minister expects to remain in the Middle East until flying to New York at the weekend.
The Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, has said he will take the request for full recognition as a state to the UN security council next week. But some Arab and European nations are pressuring him to downgrade the request to the general assembly, which can only offer observer status to the Palestinians, to save Washington the embarrassment of having to wield its veto.
The Palestinians insist their approach to the UN does not preclude a return to negotiations later. "We see no contradictions between doing both," said Dr Mohammad Shtayyeh, a senior member of the team heading to New York. The UN bid was "the beginning of the game, not the end. It is a process".
But diplomatic efforts to secure a breakthrough on a return to talks are constrained by Palestinian demands of guarantees that any future negotiations would be based on the pre-1967 borders plus a total settlement freeze. Israel is unlikely to sign up to that.
The International Crisis Group warned this week that any climbdown by the Palestinians now "could decisively discredit [Mahmoud Abbas's] leadership, embolden his foes and trigger unrest among his people". It went on: "Most Palestinians do not strongly support the UN bid; but they would strongly oppose a decision to retract it without suitable compensation."
Israel was also making last-minute efforts to persuade undeclared countries not to vote for a Palestinian resolution, although it has acknowledged it will lose a vote at the general assembly. The Palestinians claim to have the support of around 130 countries so far, just beyond the two-thirds majority needed for a resolution to succeed.
Israeli ministers have threatened retaliatory measures should the Palestinian bid succeed. They include tearing up the Oslo accords, under which the Palestinian Authority was given control of parts of the West Bank and Gaza, annexing the West Bank settlements and withholding tax revenues that Israel collects on behalf of the PA. The US Congress is also threatening to cut off financial aid to the Palestinians.
While Eike Batista's collapse from grace may be the poster child for the country, this deep dive into the Latin American economy concludes Brazil's flaws are clear. Commodity prices have been volatile; global growth has been weak and inconsistent. Brazil can no longer depend on these factors for growth. A closer look reveals that internal conditions are progressively becoming Brazil's main economic foe. Ironically this is good news as the country is increasingly in a position to take control of its destiny. What is needed is decisive leadership and effective solutions to the long-term problems plaguing the country. Short-term stimulus measures and even supply-side measures such as reduced taxes have clearly not stimulated the economy. Brazil must invest in its own future.
Via Rodrigo Serrano of RCS Investments,
Brazil's emergence as a significant economic force over the past decade generated noteworthy investor enthusiasm. From 2003 to 2008, an amalgamation of principal factors such as: macroeconomic stability stemming from prior reforms in the country, a recovering U.S. economy from its 2001 recession, historically low global interest rates, appreciating commodity prices, and rising demand from China set the stage for a sustained period of solid economic growth in Brazil.
While most of the aforementioned tailwinds provided a sound incubator for solid economic growth across all BRIC nations during the same period; Russia, India, and China averaged 7.1%, 8.0%, and 11.3% respectably; it was Brazil that more than doubled its rate of growth from 2.0% during 1997-2002 to 4.2% from 2003-2008 according to the World Bank. This improvement was the best among the BRIC nations.
As the 2008 financial crisis approached, many prominent investors and academics, fond of the bullish long-term prospects of the BRIC nations, entertained the decoupling thesis. From the Economist: “Yet recent data suggest decoupling is no myth. Indeed, it may yet save the world economy. Decoupling does not mean that an American recession will have no impact on developing countries… The point is that their GDP-growth rates will slow by much less than in previous American downturns” (Economist: The decoupling debate).
While the American downturn and subsequent financial crisis did precipitate a global recession largely debunking the idea that BRIC nations could step in and save the world economy, investor interest in Brazil only intensified when the event seemed like it would be little more than a slight bump in the road in terms of economic growth. Brazil's economy registered a scant contraction of 0.3% in 2009, which was then followed the following year by the strongest pace of annual growth in 25 years at 7.5%. Furthermore, Brazil's Bovespa index rocketed higher from the nadir of its stock market crash in late 2008 by roughly 129% by the end of 2009, the second best performance among BRIC nations over that period after Russia's MICEX index.
Despite these impressive performance statistics, since peaking in 2010, economic growth has been widely lackluster, souring investor sentiment and bringing into the spotlight the panoply of structural problems facing Latin America's largest economy. This extensive report covers a brief economic history of Brazil, a focus on the country's current economic impediments, and steps for positive future development.
Full report below:
RCS Investments: Brazil Special Report
Next week, right-wing extremists plan another invasion of Berkeley, with some of their most notorious mouthpieces—Steve Bannon, Milo Yiannopoulos, Ann Coulter, among others—scheduled to speak in what they speciously call a “Free Speech” week. Their obvious desire is to provoke, in the historic nexus of the real free speech movement, a public display of violence to further polarize this country's political arena. Based on what occurred at past Berkeley protests this year, they're likely to get just what they want.
On Aug. 27, I was one of several thousand peaceful demonstrators in Berkeley rallying against the hate-filled incitement to violence by the far right. Thousands of posters announcing “Berkeley Stands United Against Hate” adorned the city's streets and shop fronts. The primary feeling was one of community empowerment arising from shared humane values. However, those of us who ventured a few blocks down to the Civic Center Park, where the aborted hate rally had been planned, came face-to-face with a phalanx of black-uniformed antifa followers whose sporadic spurts of violence against a few right-wing stragglers were then emblazoned in national media headlines the next day. The violence of a few had swamped a peaceful demonstration of thousands.
The Berkeley events occurred in the wake of the neo-fascist mayhem and murder of Heather Heyer in Charlottesville two weeks earlier, which generated many thought-provoking arguments by progressives in defense of antifa's tactics. Most of them focused on the inadequate response by authorities to the hate-filled threats and acts of violence perpetrated by the far-right. “I never felt safer than when I was near antifa,” wrote parish administrator Logan Rimel of his Charlottesville experience. He goes on to claim that only those willing to enter the fray and risk physical injury should have the right to an opinion: “White Christians, if you aren't willing to personally take a bat to the head, shut up about antifa.”
Beyond the ruckus of any particular demonstration, others have justified antifa by pointing to the institutional brutality that is endemic to the United States and its shameful history. Police killings of African American men in custody continue unchecked, underscored most recently by the outrageous acquittal of Jason Stockley, the white police officer on trial in St. Louis for the murder of 24-year-old African American Anthony Lamar Smith. We live in a nation founded on a structure of institutional violence that continues to violate the rights of millions. The earlier indigenous genocides and barbarism of slavery have morphed into structural inequities that devastate people everywhere in vulnerable communities. Those who join antifa in outrage are right to feel their fury and are to be commended for their courage to stand up and risk their own safety in defense of more vulnerable fellow citizens.
However, antifa's willingness to incorporate in their tactics what they see as legitimate violence undermines the good work they set out to do. Since Charlottesville, there has been an outpouring of articles from many progressive thinkers emphatically condemning their tactics as counter-productive. Noam Chomsky has pointed out that “when confrontation shifts to the arena of violence, it's the toughest and most brutal who win—and we know who that is.” Chris Hedges starkly accused the antifa protesters of strengthening the very people they're fighting against through their tactics:
“As long as acts of resistance are forms of personal catharsis, the corporate state is secure. Indeed, the corporate state welcomes this violence because violence is a language it can speak with a proficiency and ruthlessness that none of these groups can match…” “There is no moral equivalency between antifa and the alt-right. But by brawling in the streets antifa allows the corporate state, which is terrified of a popular anti-capitalist uprising, to use the false argument of moral equivalency to criminalize the work of all anti-capitalists.”
German Lopez, writing in Vox, has convincingly demonstrated the far greater effectiveness of peaceful protests over violence in the American struggle for civil rights in the 1960s and 1970s, as well as in campaigns for justice worldwide throughout the twentieth century.
While I wholeheartedly support these critiques, I think they understate the most important point of all: the case against violent tactics is not simply one of political strategy. It's a moral choice—and one that should be enunciated clearly and unequivocally by anyone in the progressive movement who cares about the future flourishing of their fellow human beings.
Why does this distinction matter? Imagine, for a moment, that for some reason the strategic arguments were no longer valid. Suppose—hard as it is to conceive—that a sufficient level of violence enacted by left-wing activists could be successful in intimidating right-wing extremists to stop their campaign of hate. Would this then justify the use of violence? Of course not. The fundamental reason for this—demonstrated only too clearly by the horrors of the twentieth century—is that the end does not justify the means. On the contrary, any successful means inevitably becomes the end—and the beginning of a new system built on that means, whatever it might be. Once a group succeeds in taking power through violence, it will continue to use that violence to maintain power.
The greatest champion of nonviolent resistance in American history, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., expressed this profound realization with characteristic clarity:
“We must come to see that peace is not merely a distant goal we seek, but that it is a means by which we arrive at that goal. We must pursue peaceful ends through peaceful means. All of this is saying that, in the final analysis, means and ends must cohere because the end is preexistent in the means, and ultimately destructive means cannot bring about constructive ends.”
Dr. King's lesson that “means and ends must cohere” offers a clear lens through which to evaluate the actions we need to take to create a society based on human dignity and compassion: we must act unequivocally with dignity and compassion. In the Berkeley demonstrations on Aug. 27, I heard antifa followers chanting slogans such as “Nazi scum off our streets.” This is the kind of dehumanization of opponents that lies at the root of every genocide ever perpetrated. Fighting hate with hate only creates more hate. The far more powerful weapon against hatred is a recognition of the intrinsic humanity of all those around us—even our most vitriolic opponents.
Embracing non-violence as a strategy doesn't, however, give a free pass to any of us to simply remain on the sidelines while brutality erupts around us. To be aware of the institutional violence perpetrated daily in our society and to do nothing about it is to be complicit in that violence. When police in St. Louis mace compliant demonstrators and taunt them with the chant “Whose street? Our street,” it's not surprising that vulnerable members of our community turn away from the authorities and toward antifa for their protection. The egregious situation we're facing in our divided country right now is a siren call for each of us to participate actively in the movement towards a more harmonious society.
But, to be successful, that participation must embody the very principles we're advocating. The Women's March in January 2017, followed by the airport protests against Trump's proposed travel ban, brought together millions of citizens across the country in peaceful resistance against a hateful regime. As many have pointed out, simply participating in a demonstration is not sufficient, but it does act as a gateway to further active engagement, for which there are countless opportunities. Initiatives are building throughout this country based on our connectedness with each other. The Standing Rock protest showed the power of nonviolent protest based on a noble vision of the sacredness of all life. Van Jones has established a Love Army dedicated to freedom and opportunity for all. ACLU has instituted a People Power grassroots organization for those who want to help defend our communities against the administration's malevolence. And ideas are being floated for a trained nonviolent, publicly accountable citizen force of “protectors” to defend vulnerable groups when the need arises.
The options for engagement against hate are many. But in all cases, we must recognize that, through our action or inaction, we are making a moral choice. The acts we take now may represent the building blocks for the future we create. Let's choose that future carefully.
Read about Lent's book, The Patterning Instinct.
I am writing this article because I'm really pissed off. Bond theme music holds a very special place in my heart, due to my beloved copy of “The James Bond Thrillers” on vinyl, and my insistence on blaring the Goldfinger theme at full volume whenever I get too drunk at my own house parties.
DEAL WITH IT – Photo by Me
I'm sorry, but the truth is, the franchise failed to deliver on the soon-to-be released Bond installment Spectre. “Writing's On the Wall”, performed by Sam Smith and co-written with Jimmy Napes, is a depressing ballad you might expect to hear on your local adult-contemporary radio station. I am not claiming every theme has been gold. Were Madonna's “Die Another Day” or Chris Cornell's “You Know My Name” my favorites? Of course not. At least both brought a sense of danger and suspense that is blatantly missing from Smith's attempt. Adele's “Skyfall” from the previous flick is proof that a power-pop ballad can enchant audiences and lure the viewers into a world that is uniquely Bond-esque. The main problem I have is that the 007 filmmakers have had enough time, over 50 years, to figure out what works and what does not.
In an attempt to heal the bullet-hole Sam Smith fired into my soul, I have compiled a list of bands that I believe would craft a superior Bond theme song. The defining characteristics I searched for include: Dark, dramatic, sneaky, sexy, playful, and glamorous. I understand most of the opening songs are performed by well-known pop singers (with the exception of Garbage, Paul McCartney and a few others). However, the words “SPY MUSIC” have crossed my mind whilst listening to all of these acts. Also, I believe each respective group to have to capability of performing with strings and brass sections, often requirements to fulfill this godly role. Better luck next time 007.
Black Rebel Motorcycle Club
Image via Salt Artists
BRMC are considered underground heroes in some circles. After seven albums, they have been anointed and crowned in the garage rock world. The California 4-piece certainly has the energy to score Bond's shootouts and intimate encounters. In fact, “War Machine” was included on the Need for Speed: The Run soundtrack in 2011, proving that their sultry rock and roll is meant for adredaline laced racing down the highway. Scale down the vocal haze on “Weapon of Choice” off of Baby 81, and you have the track for a bad-ass opening sequence. Bond's weapon of choice is a Walther PPK.
The Last Shadow Puppets
Image via Neverending Games
The collaborative work of Arctic Monkeys singer/guitarist/heartthrob Alex Turner, Miles Kane and Simian Mobile Disco drummer James Ford is reminiscent of the symphonies sprinkled throughout the Bond realm. The intro on “In My Room”, off of their only release to date The Age of the Understatement, is lush with a tense string section, and that intensity builds over the course of the song. “Calm Like You” is also giving off some 60's vibes. The group is rumored to be working on the follow-up to their chart-topping debut, and certainly a song appearance in the next Bond film would be fitting for the British musicians.
Massive Attack
Image via Kreedle
A Massive Attack creation opening a Bond film would certainly be the most adventurous in the history of the franchise. NO ONE can do dark and mysterious like the iconic experimental twosome. It would be interesting to see a 007 theme toy with hip-hop/electronic in an opening sequence, something that hasn't ever been done before. I could name quite a few tracks by the Bristol, England artists that inspire thoughts of codenames and the Secret Service. Perhaps the one that sticks out most in my mind is “Inertia Creeps” off of 1998's Mezzanine. The hypnotic Balkan beat gives it an exotic feel, complementing James Bond's tendency to travel to faraway lands.
Queens of the Stone Age
Image via Juice
This may be the only group realistically posed to take on the challenge of writing for a Bond film due to their success and popularity. Frontman Josh Homme has been a force in the music industry for two decades, even working with former Led Zeppelin bassist John Paul Jones with his side project Them Crooked Vultures. It is easy for me to picture the group recording with a full orchestra and making a swanky rock opera masterpiece. One thing crucial to working for M16: being able to keep secrets.”The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret” from Rated R has that covered, as well as some sassy ladies in the video who could easily pass for Bond girls. “The Vampyre of Time and Memory” gets an honorable mention as well, for being Queens hymnal piano-ballad on their latest album …Like Clockwork.
Allah-Lahs
Much of early Bond music was done in the style of surf-rock, which was extremely popular when the first films were released. I thought it fitting to include a band that could pay homage to that without being too campy. LA based garage psych groovers Allah-Lahs have a few tricks up their sleeve. The slick, mod instrumental songs “Sacred Sands” and “Ferus Gallery” would be a hit for those famous Bond love romps. Their sun soaked cover “Long Journey” (originally by 60's group The Roots) showcases the band's penchant for retro ear candy and documents the journey of the restless soul. I think Allah Lahs' sound could fit past and present 007 features.
Spectre, starring Daniel Craig as James Bond, opens in US theaters Friday, Nov. 6th. If you don't get too depressed or bored during the opening sequence, enjoy the film as it will be Craig's last stint as the super-spy.
Afghanistan's dramatic win against Scotland showed the excitement Associate nations bring to the World Cup
Everyone has the right to change their mind and I have changed mine.
Before the 2007 World Cup in the Caribbean, I took part in a piece for a newspaper where I argued that the Associates, or non-Test playing sides, should not be part of the World Cup.
I based this argument on what I had seen four years earlier in South Africa, Zimbabwe and Kenya - a very disappointing tournament.
For various political reasons, England did not play in Zimbabwe and New Zealand did not travel to Kenya, meaning those two African sides made it through to the Super Six and, in Kenya's case, the semi-finals.
What followed was a series of poor contests, watched by small crowds. As cricket's premier global tournament, it was a poor advert for the game.
And so, my opinion on 2007 was formed. Subsequently, over the eight years that have since passed, I have been proved wrong.
This isn't only because of Ireland's wins against Pakistan, England and West Indies, but because all of the Associates have improved out of sight.
Not only have the non-Test sides proved that they belong at the World Cup, they are also serving up the most dramatic games of this 2015 edition in Australia and New Zealand.
Ireland's John Mooney and Niall O'Brien celebrate their win against West Indies
Afghanistan's thrilling last-over success against Scotland came less than 24 hours after Ireland's two-wicket win over the UAE.
Which brings us to the International Cricket Council's plan to cut the World Cup from its current 14-team format to 10 sides for the 2019 event in England.
Put simply, this is a nonsense.
How can cricket's governing body argue with any credibility that cutting the number of teams involved in a World Cup is good for the global game? There is no logic to that claim.
The ICC is supposed to be encouraging the development of the game outside of its traditional Test powers. How can blocking other nations from taking part in the World Cup be good for the growth of the sport?
Cricket World Cup team numbers and formats 1975: 8 (two groups of four) 1999: 12 (two groups of six) 1979: 8 (two groups of four) 2003: 14 (two groups of seven) 1983: 8 (two groups of four) 2007: 16 (four groups of four) 1987: 8 (two groups of four) 2011: 14 (two groups of seven) 1992: 9 (one group of nine) 2015: 14 (two groups of seven) 1996: 12 (two groups of six)
The Associates - in the case of this World Cup, Ireland, Scotland, Afghanistan and the UAE - are all serious cricket teams.
They employ influential coaches - the likes of former West Indies batsman Phil Simmons and former England all-rounder Paul Collingwood - and have been given money from the governing body to improve cricket in their respective countries.
What is the point of giving them funding if you then don't include them in your premier tournament?
They have all performed at one point or another in this World Cup. Look at the way the UAE pushed Ireland all the way in Brisbane on Wednesday.
One could argue that Scotland's bowlers buckled in the final 10 overs against Afghanistan, but that made for a fascinating finale and one that they will learn from.
The plan to cut the next World Cup to 10 teams is a result of the criticism the ICC have received for the length of these tournaments.
Shaiman Anwar made the first ever World Cup century by a UAE player against Ireland
Once again, we are in the midst of a 49-game, six-week marathon.
However, the problem does not lie in the amount of teams taking part, rather in the format and the scheduling.
But, solving this is not rocket science. By playing two games in a day more often, the tournament could be cut to a timeframe that is more engaging for the fans.
In this part of the world, which lends itself so well to day-night cricket, you play a game involving one of the lesser teams during the day and begin your blockbuster main event between two major sides in the afternoon.
Ireland batsman Gary Wilson tweeted his opinions on the proposed World Cup format changes
Even in four years' time in England, which is poorly suited to day-night cricket, you can still play two games in a day because of the options available to viewers, the likes of red button and online streaming.
Yet, despite knowing that their tournament is too long, the ICC is reluctant to tinker with the length, because they have received $2bn for the television rights.
In accepting such a huge sum of money, they have given away too much power to the TV companies, who want as long a tournament as possible to fill airtime and sell advertisements.
Yes, money earned from TV rights goes back to the Associate nations, but there has to be a balance.
If it was a case of earning less money but doing what is right for the game, then do what is right for the game.
Through all this, it is worth remembering that we have been in this position before. Indeed, this current tournament was supposed to see a reduced number of teams before the ICC changed its mind.
I'm pleased to see the comments of ICC chief executive Dave Richardson, who has said that the format of the 2019 World Cup could yet be up for negotiation.
With every impressive Associate performance, that debate will become more vociferous. Imagine how loud the voices will be if Ireland reach the quarter-finals?
It was Scotland captain Preston Mommsen who said that a reduced World Cup would simply become an expanded Champions Trophy - a one-day tournament only for the Test-playing, most powerful cricket teams on the planet.
Mommsen is right. The World Cup, by its very name, should be for the whole world.
Federal officials have announced that they will not be punishing United Airlines for the dragging incident involving Dr. David Dao, according to US News.
The U.S. Department of Transportation has concluded their investigation into the April 9 incident where Dao was dragged off an over-booked plane, stating that his civil rights had not been violated. United Airlines had been notified of this decision on May 12, but the information had not been made public until September 6 when an advocacy group, Flyers Rights, released the letter after they had acquired it through an open-records request.
According to Flyers Rights, the two page letter from Transportation Department Assistant General Counsel Blane Workie conveyed they would not be taking action against United Airlines in this instance, as the incident was not a repeated offense, nor did it egregiously violate consumer-protection laws. Workie did note that United failed to give Dao and his wife a written notice of their rights as consumers, but mentioned that it was only because they left immediately to attend to his wounds he had sustained in the assault. She also mentioned that United had corrected a previous mistake where they had miscalculated compensation for a different passenger.
Workie also noted that they believed there was no racially-based discrimination against Dao, but that they couldn't determine this to the fullest extent because they had not investigated the security guards' involvement.
“We did not review the actions of the security officers of the Chicago Department of Aviation because it is not DOT's role to investigate police conduct,” the letter said.
“Therefore, we conclude that enforcement action is not warranted in this matter,” Workie stated.
The decision was met with disgust and displeasure from the advocacy group. The president of Flyers Rights, Paul Hudson, criticized the ruling, calling the airline's handling of Dao “egregious in every sense of the word.”
“For the Department of Transportation to conclude that United Airlines' conduct did not warrant an enforcement action is a dereliction of duty,” he added.
On April 9, Dr. David Dao was travelling with his wife aboard a United Airlines flight when they were told that they would need to surrender their seats. The airline wanted to make room for four of their employees and picked Dao, amongst others, to disembark. Dao refused, stating that he had patients to attend to in the morning and needed to be at work. United called security officials, who then began physically removing him from the plane, dragging him by his arms and legs down the aisle. During the struggle, Dao lost several teeth and suffered from a broken nose and a concussion.
After videos of the bloody incident surfaced online, netizens became furious at United Airlines, slamming the company for their handling of the 69-year-old passenger. Initially, CEO Oscar Munoz offered a weak response to the media, followed by a letter to all United Airlines employees that appeared to lend support to the violent tactics used against Dao. After several tries, Munoz finally apologized via social media, but the damage had been done; he had ensured that he would not be promoted to Chairman over the entire incident.
Meanwhile, a smear campaign against Dao was well underway; media outlets dug into Dao's troubled past in an attempt to prolong the buzz surrounding the incident. Dao ultimately settled with United Airlines out of court for an undisclosed sum.
United Airlines apologized again after the letter went public, promising that they were working hard to ensure such an incident never happened again.
“This incident should never have happened and we are implementing all of the improvements we announced in April,” spokeswoman Megan McCarthy stated. “While we still have work to do, we have made meaningful strides and have reduced the bumping of passengers nearly 90 percent since May 1, compared with the same period last year.”
Surrey's mayor is looking at all options to finance light-rail transit for her city now that voters have rejected a sales tax, including a potentially controversial move to take back Surrey's hefty share of gas taxes that now go to TransLink. Mayor Linda Hepner floated the idea in an interview as she listed off some of the ways her fast-growing city could go it alone. The suggestion prompted one Vancouver councillor to warn municipalities to stick together in finding solutions.
"You cannot be a major city in this country without a transportation system," Ms. Hepner said.
Any move to withdraw Surrey's share of its gas-tax revenues would likely produce huge difficulties, but the city's share of TransLink gas tax is considerable: According to Ms. Hepner's campaign literature, that share is about $64.5-million. However, it goes straight to TransLink under current provincial laws.
Story continues below advertisement
Surrey also nominally has a share of federal gas tax, which will be close to $25-million this year. Through agreements with the province and the Union of B.C. Municipalities, that money is also committed to TransLink. But later this year, for the first time, Metro Vancouver mayors will get to decide exactly how the region's entire share of federal gas-tax money, about $125-million, will be spent.
Most of it will go to TransLink but mayors, who now will have a small, direct say into how the agency spends its $1-billion budget, will have to approve what projects that will be spent on.
Vancouver Councillor Raymond Louie, who chairs the task force that will allocate that money, said it's important that money be used for regional projects that are integrated with the system.
"If we were to break it up completely, that would be a problem."
Mr. Louie said he understood Ms. Hepner's in which voters rejected a new .5-per-cent sales tax that would have paid the local one-third share in any major projects.
Ms. Hepner said her city could also look at tapping into the city's financial reserves and hiving off contributions from developers who get rezonings, which usually go to other community services.
Mayors throughout the Vancouver region have been left searching for alternate ways to fund multibillion-dollar transit projects after voters soundly rejected the proposed sales-tax increase.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Surrey would need to come up with about $60-million a year for 30 years to cover the cost of its one-third share of the $2.2-billion light-rail system, Ms. Hepner acknowledged, even if the line was built as a public-private partnership.
Private partners are typically brought in to help finance and assume the construction risk on transit projects, as well as to keep debt off government books, but they need to be paid back, just as TransLink is doing with the Canada Line now.
As well, the 27 kilometres of light-rail lines running from Newton, Guildford and Langley to Surrey Centre would need an operating subsidy in the early years, since they aren't projected to get enough ridership to break even for at least a decade.
Ms. Hepner said that in a perfect world she'd like to find a regional solution and she hasn't given up hope that the provincial government might be persuaded to reallocate existing carbon-tax revenue to the Lower Mainland.
Other mayors said they had trouble seeing how Ms. Hepner could find the money just in Surrey to finance her city's share of such a big capital project.
"I do not know how they're going to do that," said Richmond Mayor Malcolm Brodie.
Story continues below advertisement
Many mayors in the region are struggling to figure out what the consequences of the plebiscite failure will be for their part of the region.
Mr. Louie said Vancouver is looking at whether some of the costs of a local share could be covered through the city taking money from land-value increases along the line.
In Coquitlam, Mayor Richard Stewart says he's stuck with the strange dilemma of having an expensive new SkyTrain line about to open, the Evergreen, but with no money available either to put in more buses to connect with the service or to build parking lots for the thousands of commuters.
As Gatineau's public transit workers prepare to vote on whether or not to invoke their strike mandate, the Canada Industrial Relations Board ruled Monday that transit is not an essential service.
The Société de transport de l'Outaouais (STO) had urged the board to rule transit services must be maintained during peak hours in the event of a strike.
The STO argued that a strike would cause traffic to increase, slowing response time for emergency vehicles "to the extent that the health and safety of the public will be in danger," the decision detailed.
But the board sided with the union, which pointed out that emergency services would be able to use bus lanes to maintain response times in the event of a transit strike.
The union representing public transit workers in Gatineau walked away from labour negotiations with the STO earlier this month after disciplinary measures were imposed on its president, Félix Gendron, and other members of the union.
Members of the Syndicat uni du Transport Local 591 are expected to vote on Wednesday whether or not to go ahead with the strike. The union must give a minimum notice of 72 hours.
In early December 2016, transit workers voted 98 per cent in favour of a strike within 60 days.
The STO is in the process of renewing a collective agreement with 485 drivers and 115 employees responsible for bus maintenance.
​In December 2008, OC Transpo workers went on strike after the Canadian Industrial Relations Board ruled it would not force workers to return to work since transit wasn't deemed an essential service in Ottawa. Transit service was disrupted for two months as the strike stretched on.
Read the Canada Industrial Relations Board decisions in the STO case here.
PM Lee speaking with retired CPIB officers (far left) Raymond Ng, 74, and (centre) Yeo Peng Soon, 70, at the opening of CRHC.
Singapore
SINGAPORE has, over the years, developed a system and culture that "eschews corruption", and the country's progress depends on its ability to stay clean and corruption-free, said Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on Tuesday.
Speaking at the opening of the Corruption Reporting and Heritage Centre (CRHC) of the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB), he said: "Our founding leaders left us a clean system, built up over more than half-a-century. It's a legacy that we should be proud of and do our utmost to protect."
Mr Lee made the point that Singaporeans expect and demand a clean system, and do not condone giving or accepting "social lubricants" to get things done.
sentifi.com Market voices on:
Citizens believe they can be successful in life because they work hard, and not because of special connections or paying extra "fees" to anyone - and this is how things should be, stressed Mr Lee.
He also said that members of the public "readily report" corrupt practices when they encounter them, and trust that the law applies to all and that the government will enforce the laws without fear or favour.
Businesses are confident that the rules are "transparent and fairly applied" in Singapore, while the public service is professional, with officers imbued with the right values.
Public officers are paid "fair and realistic" wages that are benchmarked against those in the private sector, thus reducing the temptation for them to accept bribes.
Mr Lee noted that many countries accept corruption as a "natural state of things" - it is entrenched in the system and impossible to eradicate. Despite the stiff laws against corruption in place, the people in these countries are no longer outraged by corrupt officials and are resigned to the way things are.
He said that even if one batch of leaders is kicked out, the next group will behave in exactly the same manner.
In contrast, Singapore continues to perform well in international rankings of freedom from corruption, such as the rankings carried out by graft watchdog Transparency International, the World Bank and the Political And Economic Risk Consultancy.
On its part, the CPIB tables an annual report on corruption to Parliament. Last year, the number of corruption cases fell 11 per cent from what was already an all-time low, Mr Lee noted.
The CPIB said it received 808 complaints last year, down from 877 in the year before. Of the 808 cases, 118 or 14.6 per cent were registered for investigation - the lowest in 32 years.
The private sector accounted for 85 per cent of all cases registered for investigation last year, a four percentage point fall from 2015.
The new CRHC on Whitley Road began operations in early January. Members of the public can walk in to report suspected corrupt practices.
Complaints can also be filed at the CPIB's headquarters in Lengkok Bahru, off Jalan Bukit Merah.
Mr Lee said the CRHC exemplifies the government's attitude towards corruption, and shows that it treats complaints on corruption seriously and transparently.
He reiterated that every complaint on corruption is thoroughly investigated, and that many successful CPIB investigations came from tip-offs from the public.
"The courts, the government and public servants must continue to uphold the highest levels of professionalism and integrity," said Mr Lee.
"But the public also plays an important role to maintain our social norms of eschewing corruption."
A racially-motivated shooting at an Olathe bar last week hit close to home for many Kansans, but Manhattan Mayor Usha Reddi has used her own experiences to offer a message of condolences and hope to the Manhattan community. Reddi penned an editorial for her constituents and spoke with KMAN on Monday afternoon to clarify her thoughts and experiences. Her written statement reads: Dear Manhattan Family, Much has happened in the past few days. The devastating and horrific shootings in Olathe have given us reason to pause and reflect. Manhattan is a diverse, welcoming and safe community; however, our sense of security is shaken by such acts of violence. Manhattan is a wonderful city with extraordinary people that work hard to make it a great place to live. I promise to do whatever I can to relieve anxiety, discomfort or pain that our friends and family are experiencing. Please reach out to one another for emotional and mental support. We must strive to be free of hatred and embrace our blessings. You are in good hands in Manhattan. We are an extended family. – Usha The mayor immigrated to the U.S. from India as an 8-year-old girl, and has lived in Manhattan for more than 20 years. Following the shooting at Austins Bar and Grill, Reddi said her family abroad made contact with her.
“I just think this speaks to the international population,” Reddi told KMAN. “With social media and technology being as it is, my grandmother in India already knows about it. Though I didn't think about calling them at all, they felt the need to touch base with me.”
Reddi has since shaken off he initial concern following the shooting, and said she has since eased her family's concerns. While the political climate across the country may be volatile, Reddi said she recognizes the large amount of immigrants in Manhattan and said her family has never been treated as anything less than “extended family.”
Reddi said she refuses to generalize any population or group of people based off isolated incidents, and as a wife and mother, said her family has never been made to feel anything less than at home in the community she represents.
“Manhattan is a good place to live,” she said. “It is a good community.”
Reddi said there are plenty of services available to anyone who may have discomfort or anxiety.
President Myers: “Hate Crimes Do Not Define Us”
Reddi was not the only local official to speak on the matter Monday. K-State President Richard B. Myers echoed similar sentiments in a press release issued through K-State Communications . It reads:
Most of the pedestrians in London seem to walk with their eyes fixed firmly on the pavement – perhaps searching for the gold that they hope to find there. But the real treasure of London lies at or above eye-level in the architecture that lines every street, and it is a genuine pleasure to get lost on its historic streets and places.
Unlike Paris or Munich, London is not a planned city. For a long time, London and its historic architectural development from Roman times, right up to its take on today's expression of a bustling commercial and cultural capitol city, has been a slow building city. For most of the 20th century Britain's tallest commercial building was in Liverpool.
Guide To The Architecture Of London, updated every 10 years or so, is still the best guide available after more than 30 years since its publication.
Guide To The Architecture Of London
London has an unrivalled richness of architecture, from its squares and houses to its palaces and churches. This is the only guide to cover all of London's building history, from its Roman foundation to the massive expansion of the 19th century which made London the largest city on earth.
London architecture is one of the best regarded examples of creativity, functionality and mixture of classic and modern, stone and glass.
Julius Caesar visited England in 54BC, but nearly a century passed before the Romans invaded in AD43, during the reign of Claudius. As a settlement London barely existed before the Roman invasion, and afterwards St Albans, Colchester, Lincoln, York and Gloucester were almost certainly more important administrative centres. But it was essential to the Romans to build roads to deploy their military strength in the new colony, and London's convenient position – at a point when the Thames could be bridged and at a navigable distance from the open sea – placed it a center of a monumental road system. Oxford, Watling and Ermine Streets all date from this time and established London's essential armature. – Book excerpt
London has an unrivalled richness of architecture, from its squares and houses to its palaces and churches. This is the only guide to cover all of London's building history, from its Roman foundation to the massive expansion of the 19th century which made London the largest city on earth.
The book is a marvelous base to start studying the interesting buildings in London.Each entry gives a concise summary with clear conclusions on every building, if the authors don't like certain features then these are pointed out.These summaries are intelligent and thought provoking and I would highly reccomend this book to both amateurs and practising Architects.
The commentary manages to be both informative and conversational, making it just as good a meander in an armchair as on the streets. (THE GOOD BOOK GUIDE)
This is the best book of this kind I have ever read, about any city, anywhere in the world. (Amazon review)
You can get the book from Amazon
First thing's first. Our new barrel-aging and souring brewery finally has a name: the Garage.
Why the Garage? We started out homebrewing in our garage every Monday Night. For us, the humble garage has always been a symbol of experimentation, spontaneity, and community, all things that we want to replicate in our new West End brewery. An open garage is inviting. It invites neighbors to “borrow” your fancy new weed-eater, but also invites in the outside air. We plan on doing a good bit of open fermentation, even piping in the outside air from the orchard to cool and ferment wort in our coolship.
We are hoping to break ground in the next two months, but we thought you might want to see some “Before” pictures. We're planning on greeting all visitors with a painting of dinosaurs, so for scale we have put dinosaurs in the new space for you to see.
First up, an Oviraptor and Seismosaurus will accost you upon entry. Fortunately, Chris Pratt will be there to calm these wild dinosaurs down. This is the front entrance. The middle green section will be the main doors. The large green section to the right of that will be a large glass garage door, and that deck will wrap around the side of the building. The Seismosaurus is standing on the Beltline currently.
Next, a view from the entrance out to the Beltline, almost entirely obstructed by a playful Triceratops. Don't worry, they're herbivores. We'll have a plethora of fruit trees and other edible vegetation in the courtyard behind this guy to keep him happy and well fed.
Now we're looking at the entrance from the opposite end of the Garage. The main entrance is right under this Shantungesaurus' neck. Our brewmaster Adam (in the green shirt) better watch out before that tail swipes him! The coolship, barrel-aging rooms, and foeders will be lined up along the right wall. The left wall will be opened up (again, with garage doors) onto a patio along the Beltline. We plan on leaving most of the character of the floor and beams intact, not necessarily because we respect the past, but mostly because we are spending all our money on barrels.
Finally, the mighty T. rex, with most of his body inside our brewery, but tail sneaking into no-man's-land. The column in front of his tail designate where the far wall will be. We're trying to keep him as far away from the public as possible because he has a tendency to eat people, which is bad for repeat business.
We look forward to seeing all of y'all at the Garage later this year!
Share 0 SHARES
A CONGLOMERATE of national drug gangs have officially thanked the Irish public for their continued support over the past 30 years at their annual AGM in a Dublin City hotel this afternoon.
Boasting a billion euro profits year-on-year, cartel bosses and henchmen donning balaclavas and flanked by armed personnel, also thanked the sitting press and the Irish government for their part in their ongoing reign of violence and terror, stating that they couldn't have done it without them.
“We would really like to thank The Sunday World for their continued glamourising of our key players by giving them nicknames and reporting their wealth. Recruiting disadvantaged young men has never been easier,” said one boss, before turning to attending Justice Minister Charles Flanagan and winking at him, “and of course, we couldn't have done any of this without the government's incompetence and continued cuts on the Garda Síochána, whose corruption, may I add, is quite an inspiration to everyone working in our criminal network.
“Due your right-wing stance on cannabis, we wouldn't be making a third of the money we are now. So well done on keeping that plant illegal, despite its vast array of medical benefits – making criminals out of normal people is usually our job, but I won't complain,” he added, before pulling out a semi-automatic pistol and firing it three times in the air.
“And finally, three cheers for the Irish public; without your love of cocaine and your indifference to the fact you fund our bloodshed, we wouldn't be here today… Hip, hip! hooray!” he shouted, between gunfire, “Hip, hip! hooray!”
Miss South Africa, Rolene Strauss, has proven to be a betting favourite for the 64th Miss World competition. The final is set to take place on 14 December in London.
Betting odds on nicerodds.co.uk place Strauss ahead of the pack with Miss India and Miss Australia at her tail.
Since the international pageant began in 1951, Miss South Africa and Miss Australia have taken the crown twice each, while Miss India has snatched it five times. Miss Venezuela has taken the most wins, having been crowned a record of six times.
Strauss is a 4th year medical student who aspires to become a doctor and would like to establish a business focused on women's health.
At 19 Miss India, Koyal Rana, set up an NGO focused on encouraging green energy production and creating awareness campaigns. Rana has studied International Finance and Business at Harvard. She intends to influence policy changes on a national scale.
Miss Australia, Courtney Thorpe, is currently studying Mass Communications and dabbles in a bit of freelance writing. She has published a children's book and aspires to write a series of educational books for young readers. She decided to enter Miss World Australia because she appreciated its role as a fundraising organisation. Should she win, she plans to work with Variety, The Children's Charity.
The odds may be in South Africa's favour, but who do you think will take the crown?
Looking for something cute and comfortable to wear on the Fourth of July that won't require a ton of time or money to put together? Check out these simple outfit ideas I found on Pinterest. Just looking at them makes me excited for Wednesday's activities!
Source: nymag.com via Anna on Pinterest
A basic jersey dress is the perfect hang-out-all-day 4th of July frock (especially if it's red, white, or blue!).
Source: bbygirlkk.tumblr.com via mimi on Pinterest
Give your go-to summer dress a 4th of July twist by layering a striped tee over top.
Source: 29.media.tumblr.com via Lydia on Pinterest
A denim skirt and button-down shirt is so all-American.
Source: thesartorialist.blogspot.com via Kylie on Pinterest
A super-floaty boho dress and a messy topknot are perfect for a picnic.
Source: Uploaded by user via Mio on Pinterest
A white t-shirt, red lipstick, and your fave shades never fail. Just add cutoffs and you're ready for fireworks!
Source: thesartorialist.com via Becky on Pinterest
Two words: denim dress. You have one, right?
Source: notetosarah.tumblr.com via Amanda Leigh on Pinterest
And if all else fails, red accessories will always do the trick. Even red nails!
What do you think of these outfit ideas, ladies? What are you planning to wear on the Fourth of July?
Artwork © Zara Alfonso
I have been working on this painting since October, and it has been an amazing learning experience for me. This painting has changed quite a bit over the months, you can see an earlier version here on my tumblr The idea I was working with was a mermaid that lived deep in the ocean, and had characteristics of other deep sea creatures. Such as being semi transparent, very gaunt, and with little colour. I had originally intended to convey that the mermaid had found a long lost diver's helmet, but as the painting progressed and the mermaid started to look more sinister the feedback I've received is more along the lines of her taking the helmet off a diver.I have two paintings that I am nearly finished with, so I will hopefully be posting them soon.
Donald Trump is already in hot water with women, 73% of whom disapprove of the GOP frontrunner according to recent polls. Now, he's poised to infuriate another massive voting block: parents.
While the Republican candidate has increasingly been portraying himself as a family man, often joined on the stump by his three eldest children—Ivanka, Donald Jr., and Eric—his comments in series of past interviews reveal retrograde ideas about fatherhood that are out of step with today's America, where both parents work in nearly half of all two-parent households.
Buzzfeed took a look back at a series of interviews from 2003 to 2007, in which Trump held forth on fatherhood, taking care of the kids, and parental gender roles. The real estate mogul, who is not exactly known for being consistent, stayed on message about parenthood throughout: Dads supply the money, moms do everything else.
Here's an overview of what these interviews teach us about the GOP frontrunner as a dad and husband.
Trump doesn't change diapers…
“No, I don't do that,” Trump said on the Opie and Anthony show in 2005. “There are a lot of women out there that demand that the husband act like the wife and you know there are a lot of husbands that listen to that… I'm really like a great father but certain things you do and certain things you don't. It's just not for me.”
…or really do anything hands-on to care for his kids.
“I mean, I won't do anything to take care of them. I'll supply funds and she'll take care of the kids. It's not like I'm gonna be walking the kids down Central Park,” Trump said in a 2005 interview with Howard Stern. “Marla used to say, ‘I can't believe you're not walking Tiffany down the street,' you know in a carriage. Right, I'm gonna be walking down Fifth Avenue with a baby in a carriage. It just didn't work.”
It's not just babies that Trump avoids.
In a 2007 interview, Trump told Stern about his relationship with Tiffany, his daughter with Marla Marples. Trump said that Tiffany visits him, “You know for about an hour, ‘Hi dad,' Hi Tiff, I love you Tiff.' She's a great kid,” says Trump, who tells Stern that Tiffany's a smart girl—something he knows because he “glances” at her report cards.
Perhaps he's trying to patch things up with Tiffany after his comments on a previous Howard Stern Show?
Speaking to Stern in 2003, Trump said he married Maples because she got pregnant with Tiffany. “At the time it was like, ‘Excuse me, what happened?” Trump said. “And then I said, ‘Well, what are we going to do about this?'”
Listen to the clips from each interview on Buzzfeed.
Wow, this is shaping up to be a really bad week for Nvidia. First there is the entire (currently ongoing) Geforce GTX 970 memory allocation debacle and now this. Like we told you a few weeks back, Nvidia is working on G-Sync Mobility and an article by PC Perspective (Via Videocardz.com) not only confirms this but also states that a dedicated G-Sync module will not be required. This ofcourse raises eyebrows about the need for a dedicated G-Sync module (in modern monitors) in the first place.
Not the official logo. @Wccftech @Nvidia Corporation
Mobile G-Sync does not require dedicated module and appears to be a VESA Adaptive Sync implementation
The very reason Nvidia is putting a proprietary expensive chip in monitors is because it claims that current display technology is not up to mark for a true variable refresh rate. This is infact one of the their primary replies against FreeSync, which relies on the DisplayPort based implementation of variable refresh rate (known as VESA Adaptive Sync in eDP standard and FreeSync in 1.2a). However, as the report from PCPer states, G-Sync can and will indeed work without any dedicated module on the mobile platform, so what exactly is up on the desktop side of things? While I understand the need for a module in older (monitor) hardware, current implementations of DisplayPort should more than suffice in providing a much better experience than VSync.
There is one caveat as is always with these things. The module-less implementation was leaked by GameNab and consists of Drivers that appear to be buggy. The laptop monitor is being detected as G-Sync enabled and is clearly superior to a non-G-Sync alternative. It raises some very interesting questions about the G-Sync technology and this is where it gets interesting. Analysis done by PCPer reveals that you arent paying such a huge premium for nothing, there is a pretty noticeable difference between a dedicated module and this one. Further investigation by them revealed that the notebook clearly had no dedicated module and was using only the standard eDP channels.
Since these drivers apparently use VESA Adaptive Sync over eDP, theoretically, modded drivers on the desktop side are a possibility. If it can work on monitors of gaming luggables without a dedicated module, than logic dictates it should most certainly be able to work on standard monitors. I admit I have no experience with driver modding, but it appears that regardless of what Nvidia claims in their marketing, the technology behind FreeSync is essentially supported. This particular implementation of G-Sync seems awfully similar to the FreeSync mobility implementation from where I am standing; a Free-G-Sync if you may.
CHICAGO—A group of scientists from the University of Chicago raised new questions during an international nephology conference held there Tuesday, speculating what would happen if physical contact were initiated with a cloud, the weather phenomenon described as a visible mass of condensed water suspended in the troposphere.
"It might feel like a marshmallow or like cotton candy," said geophysical sciences department chair Michael J. Foote, Ph.D., who in July received a $10 million National Science Foundation grant to analyze the effects of clouds on the human somatosensory system. "We know that it might be sticky. But it could also feel fluffy or creamy."
While Foote claimed that a person would likely attain instantaneous unconsciousness if laid horizontally atop a cumulus cloud, opposing scientists argued that a person would fall right through.
Russian President Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov attend a ceremony to receive credentials from foreign ambassadors in Moscow Thomson Reuters
Hackers who breached the Democratic National Committee's email servers had a "digital hit list" that targeted a wide range of Russia's perceived enemies, including former Secretary of State John Kerry, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, anti-corruption activist Alexei Navalny, and half of the feminist protest punk rock group Pussy Riot.
The cybersecurity firm Secureworks uncovered the list earlier this year after the hacking collective known as Fancy Bear, which has been linked to Russian military intelligence, accidentally published parts of it.
Secureworks provided the data to The Associated Press, which determined, among other things, that more than 95% of the malicious links the hackers sent to their targets between March 2015 and May 2016 "were generated during Moscow office hours — between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. Monday to Friday."
Fancy Bear's American targets "skewed toward workers for defense contractors such as Boeing, Raytheon, and Lockheed Martin or senior intelligence figures, prominent Russia watchers and — especially — Democrats," the AP reported.
"More than 130 party workers, campaign staffers and supporters of the party were targeted, including Podesta and other members of Clinton's inner circle. The AP also found a handful of Republican targets," the report said.
The cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike first discovered the link between Fancy Bear and the Democratic National Committee breach in the spring of 2016, and The Washington Post reported that summer that the DNC had been attacked by Russia-linked hackers.
Fancy Bear was making "aggressive attempts" to hack DNC' staffers' emails in early April 2016, Secureworks discovered, which lined up with CrowdStrike's findings published last June.
"At DNC, COZY BEAR intrusion has been identified going back to summer of 2015, while FANCY BEAR separately breached the network in April 2016," CrowdStrike's chief technology officer Dmitri Alperovitch wrote.
The headquarters of the Democratic National Committee is seen in Washington, U.S. June 14, 2016. Reuters/Gary Cameron
The DNC emails were published by WikiLeaks in late July. The group's founder, Julian Assange, has insisted that Russia wasn't the source of the stolen documents.
But a senior security researcher at Russia's top cybersecurity firm, Kaspersky — which typically avoids attributing cyberattacks to specific actors — told The Guardian in January that the evidence of Moscow's involvement was overwhelming.
"Assange said it could have been a 14-year-old hacker," said the researcher, Brian Bartholomew. "If you look at the collective operations of this group, there's no way a 14-year-old has this much money, time and effort to conduct all of these operations together."
Assange is not the only one who has floated alternative theories for who hacked the DNC.
President Donald Trump said last year that the hack "could be Russia, but it could also be China."
"It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds," he said.
A conspiracy theory pushed by New Zealand-based convicted hacker Kim Dotcom. Kim.com
Fox News host Sean Hannity and other right-wing commentators have suggested, without providing evidence, that the breach was an inside job orchestrated by a young DNC staffer named Seth Rich. Rich was shot and killed in July 2016 in a case that remains unsolved, fueling conspiracy theories.
The raw data collected by Secureworks and obtained by the AP, however, has provided the clearest evidence yet not only that Fancy Bear hacked the DNC, but also that it is controlled by the Kremlin "and the general staff." That's according to Andras Racz, a specialist in Russian security policy at Pazmany Peter Catholic University in Hungary.
"I have no doubts," he told the AP.
The findings were further bolstered on Thursday when The Wall Street Journal reported that the Department of Justice had identified six Russian government officials it believes were involved in the DNC hacks, and was considering bringing charges against them as early as next year.
"If filed, the case would provide the clearest picture yet of the actors behind the DNC intrusion," the Journal said.
Cyber crime and cyber espionage have long gone hand-in-hand in Russia, and the DOJ's case would not be unprecedented. Two Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) officers were indicted in March for what the Justice Department said amounted to directing and facilitating a massive hack on Yahoo in 2014 that compromised roughly 500 million accounts using a relatively simple method of attack.
The Soufan Group, a strategic security firm that specializes in intelligence, law enforcement, and policy analysis, wrote earlier this year that "examples of the convergence of malicious cyber activity by Russia include the hacking of Western political parties and groups, the curiously selective and well-timed releases by WikiLeaks — which is widely believed to be a Russian proxy — and theft from purely commercial entities such as Yahoo."
The Russian government plowed ahead with the DNC hack, the new findings suggest, and — as the Soufan Group characterized it — overstepped the "boundaries of espionage by purposefully veering into criminality."
Bangladeshi expatriate workers issue
Malaysia will build a field hospital in Teknaf to provide treatment to 300,000 Rohingya who have fled brutal persecution in Myanmar's Rakhine State and taken refuge in Bangladesh. Dr Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, the Malaysian deputy prime minister who is currently visiting Dhaka, disclosed this while briefing the media after a meeting with Foreign Minister AH Mahmood Ali in the state guesthouse Padma on Sunday. Hamidi said: “We will build up a hospital within two to three months for 300,000 Rohingya refugees who took shelter in Bangladesh.” He added that Malaysia will also seek support from the ASEAN countries to resolve the ongoing Rohingya crisis. State Minister for Foreign Affairs Shahriar Alam, Expatriates' Welfare and Overseas Employment Minister Nurul Islam, and Malaysian Minister for Human Resources Dr Richard Riot Anak Jaem were also present at the meeting. Mahmood Ali had briefed Hamidi about the difficulties faced by Bangladesh due to mass exodus of more than half a million Rohingya since late August. He mentioned that Bangladesh was now hosting over 900,000 forcibly displaced Myanmar nationals. Of them, around 540,000 took shelter in Bangladesh after August 25, when the Myanmar security forces launched a crackdown in response to a militant attack on police outposts and an army base in Rakhine. The foreign minister pointed out that the Myanmar army with the support of ethnic Rakhine armed vigilantes were carrying out an organised and systematic violence, arson and atrocities against the Rohingya civilians to depopulate the northern Rahine State and prevent their possible return. Mahmood Ali also added that Bangladesh has given shelter to the Rohingya temporarily on humanitarian grounds and they will have to go back to their homes in Rakhine at the soonest. He said the root of the problem was in Myanmar and the solution also lies there. Referring to the discussion on the refugees' return with Myanmar Union Minister at the State Counsellor's Office U Kyaw Tint Swe during his recent Dhaka visit, Mahmood Ali mentioned that the major issues were yet to be addressed. “The agreed principles and criteria of 1992 need to be revised to address the current challenge. The international community and UN agencies should be allowed to support the repatriation process,” said the foreign minister. He appreciated Malaysia's initiative in providing humanitarian assistance to the persecuted Rohingya refugees. Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Zahid Hamidi applauded the Bangladesh government for sheltering the Rohingya and its efforts to provide them with humanitarian aid. Hamidi mentioned that Malaysia was deeply concerned at the disturbing developments in Myanmar and took strong position on the Rohingya issue in the UN and other regional forums. Malaysia also supported involvement of the international community and UN in the repatriation process, he said, adding that Malaysia and Bangladesh could be leading partners in resolving the problem. Hamidi is scheduled to visit the Rohingya camps in Cox's Bazar on Monday.Employment of Bangladeshi workers in Malaysia had also featured prominently during Sunday's meeting. Expatriates' Welfare and Overseas Employment Minister Nurul Islam thanked Malaysia for allowing irregular Bangladeshi workers to regularise themselves through the re-hiring programme. Expressing gratitude for including Bangladesh as an official source country for recruiting foreign workforce, he also conveyed the government's readiness to provide trained security guards to Malaysia. In the meeting, both sides also discussed present status of implementation of the Government to Government Plus (G2G+) scheme for recruiting Bangladeshi workers and agreed to speed up the whole process. Earlier, Malaysia had showed interest to recruit security guards from Bangladesh.
08.25.2014 / 12:16 PM
SHADYXV – DETAILS RELEASED
Shady Records is proud to announce SHADYXV. Read on for all the details on our forthcoming November 24th release.
SHADY RECORDS SET TO RELEASE SHADYXV ON NOVEMBER 24: TWO-CD COLLECTION TO FEATURE THE LABEL'S GREATEST HITS PLUS ALL NEW MATERIAL
NEW EMINEM SINGLE OUT TODAY; “GUTS OVER FEAR” LEADS 15th ANNIVERSARY COMPILATION AND IS FEATURED IN UPCOMING FILM, “THE EQUALIZER”
Founded in 1999, Eminem and Shady Records will celebrate the label's 15th anniversary with its fifteenth release: ShadyXV, a two-CD compilation featuring an album of the label's greatest hits, including classics such as 50 Cents “In Da Club” and Eminem's “Lose Yourself” plus an album of new material from Eminem, Slaughterhouse, Bad Meets Evil, D-12 and Yelawolf as well as special guest-artist collaborations. ShadyXV (Shady Records/Interscope Records), set for release November 28, 2014, will be preceded by a new Eminem single, “Guts Over Fear.” The song features Sia and was produced by Emile Haynie (Grammy winner for Best Rap Album for Eminem's Recovery). “Guts Over Fear” is out today, August 25th.
The new single is currently featured in the trailer for Sony Pictures' upcoming film, the Anton Fuqua-directed “The Equalizer,” out September 26th. Viewers got a sneak peak of the track when a trailer for the film was released on August 15. “Guts Over Fear” will run during the closing credits of the film.
CELEBRATE SHADYXV WITH AN OFFICIAL LIMITED EDITION T-SHIRT. ONLY 500 AVAILABLE.
SOLD OUT
Shady Records was founded in 1999 by Eminem, the biggest-selling artist in hip-hop history, and his manager Paul Rosenberg. The first artist signed, D12, hit double platinum and #1 with their debut album, Devil's Night. 2002 saw the soundtrack album to 8 Mile open with a #1 berth on the charts and sell quadruple platinum, with “Lose Yourself” becoming the first hip-hop song to win an Academy Award (Best Original Song). Shady artist 50 Cent then debuted with the #1 Get Rich or Die Tryin' (2003), an eight times platinum smash and the fastest-selling debut in history.
Shady Records continued its streak with 50 Cents next release, the #1 and five times platinum The Massacre (2005) plus the platinum Curtis (2007) and gold Before I Self Destruct (2009). D12 peaked at #1 again with the double platinum D12 World (2004). Next came the various artists disc Eminem Presents: The Re-Up (2006) earned #2 and platinum. The label also found success with Obie Trice's gold Cheers (2003). Most recently, Shady Records has brought to the forefront Bad Meets Evil (2011's Hell: The Sequel went #1 and gold), Yelawolf (2011's Radioactive), and supergroup Slaughterhouse (2012's #2-charting Welcome to: Our House). New albums from Yelawolf and Slaughterhouse are coming soon.
More News
Aside from his Nine Stories, J.D. Salinger published twenty-two stories in various magazines which remain uncollected. Several attempts have been made to compile these stories together but have met stiff resistance by the author. Spanning his literary career between the years 1940-1965, these stories display changes in both the author's style and message. While some are plainly of commercial quality, most are serious works containing an expansive gift of enlightenment and self-examination: that very-satisfying "Salinger moment". Provided here is a list of those stories, sorted by publication date and accompanied by a short synopsis of each.
"The Young Folks"
Story XVI (March/April 1940), pp.26-36.
"The Young Folks" , was Salinger's first published story. It was published in Whit Burnett's Story magazine. Burnett was the teacher of short story writing at Columbia where Salinger took his course. Salinger himself was twenty one at the time of its publication. The story satirizes the selfish concerns of a pair of young adults at a party and the festering shallowness of their lives.
"Go See Eddie" Kansas City Review VII (December 1940), pp.121-124.
"Go See Eddie" is a tense story about a brother and sister. The brother tries to force his sister to go see Eddie about a job. In the process, he reveals his knowledge of her affair with a married man.
"Go See Eddie" was initially submitted to Story magazine and then Esquire before being accepted by the Review . Forgotten for decades, this story was uncovered in 1963 by Salinger biographer Warren French.
Reprinted in Massachusetts: Fiction: Form & Experience , 1969.
"The Hang of It"
Collier's CVIII (July 12, 1941), pp.22,
A commercial tale of a soldier who just can't seem to get "The Hang of It" . The positive ending to the story was fitting for the countries upcoming involvement in World War II and popular with the magazines of the time.
Reprinted in Chicago, Consolidated Book Publishers Inc., The Kit book for Soldiers, Sailors, & Marines , 1942 & 1943.
"The Heart of a Broken Story"
Esquire XVI (September 1941), pp.32, 131-133.
"The Heart of a Broken Story" is Salinger's satirical story about the products of the slick magazines in the 30's and 40's. Salinger pokes fun at the formulaic boy meets girl stories that appear with regularity in the magazines. A very funny story, it also has a serious filp-side. The only story to be narrated by Salinger himself, it nonetheless shows his unwillingness to control his characters.
"The Long Debut of Lois Taggett"
Story XXI, (September/October 1942), pp.28-34,
"The Long Debut of Lois Taggett" is the tale of a debutante and her long process of coming out. Throughout this pessimistic story, Lois struggles to deal with the harshness of reality and maintain her own humanity. Before she can let go of pretense, she must first deal with a psychotic husband, a loveless second marriage, and her child's crib death.
When, in 1963, Story magazine requested permission to reprint this story, Salinger declined.
Reprinted in New York, Dutton, Story: The Fiction of The Forties, 1949, pages 153-162.
"Personal Notes of an Infantryman"
Collier's CX (December 12, 1942), pp.96.
"Personal Notes of an Infantryman" is a War story about an older man trying to get in the military, and then overseas to combat with a surprise ending. Readers of "The Hang of It" will have a strong sense of deja vu at this story's end.
"The Varioni Brothers"
Saturday Evening Post CCXVI (July 17, 1943), pp.12-13,76-77.
"The Varioni Brothers" is a short story dealing with two brothers, one a sensitive artist who's attempts at writing the great American novel are thwarted by the manipulations of his brother who forces him to write music instead of his book. Ultimately, the good brother is destroyed due to his brothers actions. Salinger had hoped that this story would be made into a movie, but it did not happen. Salinger was scornful of this story and hid the fact that it was analogous of the duality of his own nature. However, he ressurrected portions of this story in later works - primarily through the characters of Seymour and Buddy Glass. g6t2,
"Both Parties Concerned"
Saturday Evening Post , CCXVI (February 26, 1944), pp.14,47-48.
"Both Parties Concerned" is a story of a young couple and their baby. The story chronicles their struggles to mature from adolescence and the conflicts they encounter. This was an experimental work for Salinger, who used it to explore different character-types and vernacular. Readers will doubtlessly sense the presence of Holden Caulfield in its main character. It is possible that the character of Ruthie is based upon a Bainbridge, Georgia "peach" with whom Salinger had a romance. It was originally titled "Wake Me When It Thunders."
"Soft Boiled Sergeant"
Saturday Evening Post , CCXVI, (April 15, 1944) pp.18,32,82-85.
Written before he had actually seen combat, "Soft-Boiled Sergeant" chronicles a young soldier's entry in the military and his contact with a good natured Staff Sergeant he could never forget. Despite its military setting and condemnation of phoniness, this is primarily a story about love written at a difficult stage in Salinger's personal life. It was originally titled "Death of a Dogface."
"Last Day of the Last Furlough"
Saturday Evening Post CCXVII (July 15, 1944), pp.26-27, 61-62, 64.
"Last Day of the Last Furlough" covers the last days of furlough for Babe Gladwaller before he is shipped off to the war. Salinger claimed indifference toward this story but it remains an important work (ushering in "something new in [his] work"), and among his most intensely personal. He uses his own Army SSN number than Babe's, perhaps in reference to his own departure for the war. Babe spends most of the time with his little sister, Mattie, until his fellow soldier Vincent Caufield comes over to spend the evening with them before departing in the morning. In this story, Vincent announces his brother Holden has been reported Missing in Action. Babe and Mattie's relationship mirrors the future relationship between Holden and Phoebe. Babe's monologue to his sister is poignant and reminiscent of Holden's desire to catch innocence.
"Once a Week Won't Kill You"
Story XXV (November/December 1944), pp.23-27.
"Once a Week Won't Kill You" is another of Salinger's stories dealing with the departure of a soldier for combat in Europe, and the soldiers request that his wife spend more time with his Aunt when he is gone. Oddly, this story was written when Salinger was already in England.
"A Boy in France"
Saturday Evening Post CCXVII (March 31,1945), pp.21,92.
"A Boy in France" is one of the few stories in which Salinger deals with combat in the war. The setting is at the front, a soldier in his foxhole, trying to maintain his sanity by reading, and rereading a note sent from his sister. Again, Babe is a forunner of Holden and his relationship with his little sister Pheobe in Catcher in the Rye . This is a stark and symbolic tale with an inspiring ending. Like a number of Salinger's early stories, stylistically, "A Boy in France" is only a notch away from being pure poetry.
Reprinted in Post Stories 1942 - 45, 1946; Saturday Evening Post July-August, 2010.
"Elaine"
Story XXV (March/April 1945), pp.38-47.
"Elaine" is a story of a beautiful but slow girl incapable of dealing with the real world and the people that that would take advantage of her. As the story progresses we become increasingly protective of Elaine. The story's ending convinces us of the wisdom and kindness of allowing different realities to different circumstances. But it also hints at the irretrivability of beauty once it has been crushed.
"This Sandwich Has No Mayonnaise"
Esquire XXIV (October 1945), pp.54-56, 147-149,
"This Sandwich Has No Mayonnaise" is the hauntingly poetic account of an anguished Vincent Caufield, Holden's older brother, who narrates this story as a sergeant waiting in the back of a troop truck of men preparing to go to a dance in town. Vincent's mind is totally caught up in thoughts about Holden though, who he has been told is Missing in Action. This story leaves Vincent in the throes of desperation and an unwillingness to accept. It is filled with peace-time reminiscences of the Caulfield family. Narrated in the first person, this is Salinger's first story told as stream-of-consciousness.
Reprinted in New York, G. P. Putnam's Sons, The Armchair Esquire , 1958 & 1960, pp. 187-197.
"The Stranger"
Collier's CXVI (December 1, 1945), pp.18,77.
Babe Gladwaller and his little sister Mattie reappears in "The Stranger" . Babe feels it his responsibility to seek out Vincent Caulfield's former girlfriend (the king-hording Helen Beebers from "The Ocean Full of Bowling Balls") and tell her that Vincent has been killed in action. Afterwards, Babe has an epiphany through Mattie that changes his perception (much as Holden will have through Phoebe and Teddy will have watched his own sister drink milk) and renews him. As all three of the Caulfield brothers are dead at the time of this story, this is chronologically the last of the Caulfield stories.
It is likely that Salinger refers to this story in a July 1945 letter to Ernest Hemingway.
"I'm Crazy"
Collier's CXVI, (December 22, 1945), pp.36,48,51.
"I'm Crazy" is an early version of Holden's departure from prep school that later shows up in The Catcher in the Rye. With minor alteration, much of this story is familiar to readers as the chapter where Holden visits Mr. Spencer. What sets this story apart from the Catcher version is the presence of an additional Caulfield sister and the clarity of Holden's resignation and compromise at the end.
"Slight Rebellion off Madison"
New Yorker , 22 (December 1946), pp.76-79, or 82-86,
"Slight Rebellion off Madison" is an early version of a scene in The Catcher in the Rye . The story follows Holden when he is home from Pency and goes to the movies, then skating with Sally Hayes. Followed by his drunken calls to her apartment late at night. An early story, it is the first of Salinger's Caulfied works to be accepted for publication. Although written in 1941, the New Yorker witheld its publication until after the war. It has a strong Fitzgerald feel.
Reprinted in New York, Random House, Wonderful Town: NY Stories from the New Yorker , David Remnick. 2000.
"A Young Girl in 1941 with No Waist at All"
Mademoiselle 25 (May 1947), pp.222-223,292-302.
"A Young Girl in 1941 with No Waist at All" is set on a cruise ships final voyage to Havana just prior to its conversion to use in WWII as transport. The story involves a crew member falling in love with a engaged girl and their relationship on board. Salinger himself served as this ship's entertainment director in 1941 and is plainly the basis for Ray Kinsella, the story's main character.
"The Inverted Forest"
Cosmopolitan (December 1947), pp.73-109,
"The Inverted Forest" is another one of Salinger's stories dealing with a great poet who is corrupted and prevented from his artistic calling by the negative influence of other people. This story examines the relationship of poetry to art, art to spirituality, and spirituality to revelation. One of Salinger's longer magazine pieces, it was understood by few readers and notably unpopular.
Reprinted in Cosmopolitan Diamond Jubilee Iss, March, 1961, 111-32.
"A Girl I Knew"
Good Housekeeping 126 (February 1948), pp.37,186-196.
"A Girl I Knew" is set in pre-WWII Austria and deals with an American in Vienna who falls in love with a Jewish girl just as the Nazis come to power. On his return to Vienna as a American soldier after the war, he seeks out the girl only to find she has been killed in a concentration camp. Despite its very funny begining, this story examines the human ability to commit and acquiesce to atrocities, and convicts all people for that capability.
Although the extent of the love relationship remains unknown, the basic events of this story actually happened to Salinger. After the war, Salinger had a powerful desire to reunite with the girl depicted in this story, going as far as to ask Counterintelligence for a transfer to Vienna. Originally titled "Vienna, Vienna".
Reprinted in Best American Short Stories of 1949 , 1949, pp 248-260.
"Blue Melody" or "Needle on a Scratchy Phonograph Record "
Cosmopolitan , CXXV (September, 1948), pp.50-51,112-119.
"Blue Melody" , originally titled "Needle on a Scratchy Phonograph Record" is a story of Jazz and segregation. It follows a promising Jazz singer as her career climbs, only to have it end when her appendicitis bursts and no hospital will treat her. This story is Salinger's tribute to Blues great Bessie Smith and contains an appearance by the Varioni Brothers
Vote Compass: Australians support action on Indigenous imprisonment rates
Updated
Two-thirds of Australians would like to see the federal government commit to reducing the rates of Indigenous people in prison, Vote Compass data suggests.
Indigenous Australians are 15 times more likely to be imprisoned than non-Indigenous people.
The Vote Compass results, based on weighted data of around 10,000 responses, show a majority of Australians would support a government commitment to change that.
The government's Closing the Gap initiative — which sets targets to improve the social and economic conditions of Indigenous Australians — does not include a target on incarceration.
The Coalition has said it is an issue for the states and territories, although Labor has promised to set a target if elected.
Mervyn Eades was in and out of prison in Western Australia from his teens until his early thirties.
"I've been out for 14 years now and in the last two years I've developed and designed [charity group] Ngalla Maya, where I create employment opportunities for our brothers and sisters getting out of the prison system in WA," Mr Eades said.
His charity, Ngalla Maya, trains young Aboriginal adults in fields like construction and hospitality. It currently operates with no government funding.
"I went into a prison about seven weeks ago and saw three generations at once — a grandfather, his son, and the grandson — all in prison at the same time.
"I don't think the government's approach is working with our people … if we work hand in hand and together we can close that gap, it'll take a while but we can slowly do it."
The Vote Compass results also show about half the country would be happy to see more money spent to address Indigenous disadvantage overall.
These results are based on more than 10,000 respondents who participated in Vote Compass between May 14 and May 18, 2016. The data has been weighted to ensure the sample reflects the Australian population. [ Read the Vote Compass data FAQ ]
Topics: indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander, indigenous-policy, prisons-and-punishment, federal-election, federal-elections, federal-government, federal-parliament, australia
First posted
Politics
Former Iowa Senator Kent Sorenson Bribed To Drop Michele Bachmann Campaign
Former Iowa state Sen. Kent Sorenson on Wednesday pleaded guilty to accepting bribes to drop his campaign for 2012 presidential candidate Michele Bachmann. Sorenson also admitted giving false testimony to an independent counsel requested by the Iowa Senate Ethics Committee.
Sorenson, a top aide for Bachmann's campaign at the time, admitted he concealed the money he received from the Rep. Ron Paul, R-Texas, campaign to switch his support. He pleaded guilty to causing a federal campaign committee submit a false expenditure report and obstruction of justice, according to Minneapolis' StarTribune.com.
Like Us on Facebook
Advertisement
As part of the plea bargain, Sorenson received immunity from additional prosecution on state and federal charges.
The former Iowa state senator said he backed Bachmann's campaign for the 2012 presidential race. However, beginning in October up to December 2011, he admitted to secretly negotiating with the Paul camoaing to switch his support in exchange for US$73,000, a federal Justice Department document said.
Sorenson received US$8,000 every month, according to the Justice Department. Payments went through two firms before Sorenson and his wife received them.
Just a few days before the Iowa Caucus began in December, Sorenson publicly switched his support to Paul. The switch delivered a significant blow to Bachmann's campaign, which lost momentum gained when she topped the Iowa straw poll in August 2011.
It was at that time that Bachmann clearly lost her image as a viable contender in the race, Sorenson said.
Bachmann said Sorenson admitted to receiving money from Paul in exchange for the defection.
Timothy A. Gallagher, special agent in charge of the FBI's Washington Field Office Criminal Division, said Sorenson took responsibility for his wrongdoings. However, the FBI would not tolerate any form of exploitation of "political process" for personal benefits and would go after those who commit the same crimes, Gallagher added.
The implication of Sorenson's guilty plea for Bachmann is yet to be seen. Federal agencies including the U.S. House Ethics Committee are still investigating Bachmann's presidential campaign.
Last spring, Bachmann said she had no intention to pursue a congressional seat anymore.
Advertisement
Advertisement
©2019 Chinatopix All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission
"I'm in Love with My Car" is a song by the British rock band Queen, released on their fourth album A Night at the Opera in 1975. It is the album's only song written entirely by drummer Roger Taylor.
History [ edit ]
Taylor played the guitars in the original demo, but they were later rerecorded by May on his Red Special and Taylor also doubled on electric guitar in addition to drums.[1] The lead vocals were performed by Taylor on the studio version and all released live versions.[2] The revving sounds at the conclusion of the song were a recording of Taylor's then current car, an Alfa Romeo. The lyrics were inspired by one of the band's roadies, Johnathan Harris, whose Triumph TR4 was evidently the "love of his life".[3] The song is dedicated to him, with the liner notes mentioning, "Dedicated to Johnathan Harris, boy racer to the end".
When it came down to releasing the album's first single, Taylor was so fond of his song that he urged Freddie Mercury (author of the first single, "Bohemian Rhapsody") to allow it to be the B-side and locked himself in a cupboard until Mercury agreed.[4] This decision would later become the cause of much internal friction in the band, in that while it was only the B-side, it generated an equal amount of publishing royalties for Taylor as the main single did for Mercury simply because it was the B-side to "Bohemian Rhapsody".[3]
The song was often played live during the 1977–81 period. Taylor sang it from the drums while Mercury played piano and provided backing vocals. During the News of the World Tour, Mercury would often sing the chorus lines with Taylor.
The song was used in a 2004 advertisement for Jaguar.[5]
The song's title is used as a running joke in the 2018 Queen biopic Bohemian Rhapsody, starting with an argument between Taylor (Ben Hardy) and May (Gwilym Lee) over the song's lyrical content. Later in the film, EMI executive Ray Foster (Mike Myers) suggests having it or "You're My Best Friend" released as the first single to A Night at the Opera instead of "Bohemian Rhapsody". Later on while going to Kenny Everett's show on radio while giving the single to him, he reads out "I'm In Love With My Car" before realizing that he had the wrong side before playing Bohemian Rhapsody.[6]
Reception [ edit ]
Music writer Tom Reynolds described the song as "seriously, one of the greatest and most passionate love songs I've heard during the last thirty-plus years".[7] AllMusic appreciated it as a "solid, hard hitting rocker" from Taylor. They observed, "The music lives up to the macho tone of the lyrics by matching up verses that swagger in a midtempo hard rock style", regarding it as an "album highlight".[8]
Personnel [ edit ]
The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community.
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.
China has one of the most complex and fragmented Android app store ecosystems in the world, with over 500 stores, servicing a fast-growing audience of smartphone users projected to exceed 400 million (and likely to reach 500 million) before the end of 2013. During my last US trip to speak at GDC San Francisco, I met with over 100 Western mobile game developers, who all asked me the same basic question: “Which app stores should I work with in China, and what differentiates each app store from their hundreds of competitors on the market?”
So by popular demand and with the assistance of Gamasutra, this is the first in a series of pieces that I'll be writing on the Android app stores of China, each post taking a deep dive analysis of the country's stores, closely looking at what kind of games are best suited for each store, how much volume they drive, as well as how well they monetize different kinds of games in the China market. In this first installment, we'll survey China Telecom's carrier app store, which offers unique opportunities for game developers looking to reach a highly monetizable audience of Chinese mobile gamers. As you'll see, some Western developers like Popcap and Zeptolab are already doing really well in this app store; I'll explain how others can follow their example.
China Telecom's Aiyouxi, a Specialty App Store for Chinese Gamers…
Aiyouxi (meaning “Love Gaming” in Chinese) is the app store of China Telecom, one of the three licensed mobile carriers in China, boasting over 165 million 3G mobile subscribers. Though large by international measures, China Telecom is actually the smallest of China's three carriers, with China Mobile being the dominant force, with close to 700 million mobile subscribers, followed by China Unicom with around 300 million mobile subscribers. That said, China Telecom is gaining a substantial share of new 3G network subscribers, almost matching the other carriers toe-to-toe in terms of new acquisitions.
When it comes to gaming monetization, however, Aiyouxi punches way beyond its weight class, with a loyal user base of primarily non-tech savvy white collar workers who spend a disproportionate amount of their disposal income on mobile games, primarily through micro-transactions charged directly to their mobile phone accounts. With a registered user base of 100 million gamers and an average of 30 million monthly actives, even single-player casual games that have been optimized on Aiyouxi can achieve free-to-paid conversion rates as high as 30% plus, and monthly grossing levels of over US$500,000. Not bad when you consider that most top Western game titles see nowhere near this level of monetization in China, even if they get tens of millions of downloads there. (And China Telecom reports that the very most successful games on Aiyouxi see conversion rates as high as 50%!)
How China Telecom Became So Big in Gaming - It's About Loving Games
Aiyouxi has always been game-focused, and its management team has designed the app store with gaming in mind. Originally launched in late 2009 with a focus on Java and Brew-based mobile games, Aiyouxi has embraced the Android revolution with a passion, now deriving over 85% of their monthly download volume and revenues from Android games. Through Aiyouxi, China Telecom markets directly to gamers, running regular competitions and game events through both their app store application (pre-loaded with all China Telecom handsets), and its website, along with SMS messages to their sizeable user base. Since inception, Aiyouxi has earned over 400 million game downloads from a network of over 600 app developer partners.
The Top Western Games of China Telecom - and How They Became So Big
Every month, Aiyouxi publishes a partner newsletter that provides a wealth of metrics and detailed analysis gathered by their app store team. Pouring through Aiyouxi's latest partner newsletter for the month of February 2013, you might be surprised to learn that six of the Top 20 downloaded games for the month were actually Western titles. Take a look:
Cut the Rope listing on Aiyouxi
Western Titles Among the Top 20 Most Downloaded Single Player Games (Feb 2013)
Rank - Title - Developer
2 - Cut the Rope - ZeptoLab
3 - Ski Safari - Defiant Development/Yodo1
6 - Temple Run 2 - Imangi Studios
12 - Fruit Ninja - Halfbrick Studios
16 - Where's My Water - Disney
18 - Plants vs. Zombies Chinese New Year Edition - EA/Popcap
As you probably guessed, most of these Western games are actually the Chinese versions of the original titles, heavily localized for the Chinese market. (I talked a lot about working with Defiant Development to add Chinese-themed content to Ski Safari in my GDC talk last month, which you can watch here.) The rest of the games in the top 20 are from Chinese developers.
Now let's take a look at the Western titles in the top 20 grossing charts for single- player games in February:
Western Titles Among the Top 20 Grossing Single Player Games (2/13)
Rank - Title - Developer
2 - Temple Run - Imangi Studios
3 - Cut the Rope - ZeptoLab
6 - Ski Safari - Defiant Development/Yodo1
8 - Clouds & Sheep - HandyGames/Yodo1
12 - Fruit Ninja - Halfbrick Studios
14 - Where's My Water - Disney
As you can see, 5 of the 6 top downloaded Western games also made their way into the top 20 grossing charts, showing that when properly culturalized for the market, Western casual games can not only drive downloads, but can effectively monetize in Aiyouxi's gamer-focused app sore. Another interesting point: Amongst the Top 20 grossing is the Yodo1- published title Clouds & Sheep (developed by our good friends at HandyGames in Germany), and even though the game never reached the Top 20 download charts, ranked # 8 on the February grossing charts. Based on our analysis of actual data for the game, we believe the primary reason for this anomaly is that the game targets a narrower gamer demographic (primarily young females), driving lower download volumes, but a proportionately higher ARPPU (50% above the Aiyouxi app store average) as well as having a higher free-to-paid ratio (again, 50% above average).
Analyzing Consumer Behavior on Aiyouxi - Knowing Thy Customer
One thing the Aiyouxi team arguably does better than most of their competitors is understanding the behavior of their customers, and then effectively marketing to the needs of their high-value user base to optimize monetization. For example, in one set of user behavior metrics released by Aiyouxi, where they tracked game download and monetization behavior of different user segments, they found that “premium” gamers who spent the most money on games downloaded a smaller number of higher quality games (i.e., games from the Top 20 charts).
On average, premium gamers downloaded 0.48 games in February, versus an average of 3.75 games for other users during that month. However, the premium gamers were three times more likely to spend money on games. Using this information, Aiyouxi continuously refines its promotion strategy, focusing the bulk of promotional spots on high quality titles in game genres most downloaded by this premium gamer base.
Furthermore, Aiyouxi frequently provides detailed analysis of the top games on the app store, summarizing key metrics and providing commentary on the key success factors or inhibitors for these games, and sends those to all their developer partners. This is very significant, because other app stores rarely let developers on their platform see how other top games are performing. Below is an example of such an analysis for two games in their February top charts, with “Plants vs Monsters” (a plant vs Zombies clone from a Chinese developer) on the left-hand side, and “Chinese Zodiac – Year of the Snake”, a single-player strategy game, which were #8 and #20 on the February download and grossing charts respectively.
Above, 23% and 16% refer to the conversion rates of these games, while ARPU actually refers to ARPPU in Chinese Yuan (1 US$ converts to roughly CNY6.2). The five bullet points in bold below are China Telecom's analysis of each game, based on its art style, user navigation, content, virtual items, and overall gaming experience. Below that, the analyst provides a summary of recommendations and best practices gleaned from these gamesfor other games developers to consider.
The Android Handsets Chinese Gamers Own -- And What This Means for Mobile Developers
China Telecom also tracks the make and model of the mobile handsets that are most active amongst their user base, and it's important data for developers to keep in mind, when developing games for the Chinese market:
In February 2013, the top 20 handset models on the carrier were dominated by three Chinese manufacturers: Huawei, ZTE, and Coolpad, which accounted for 16 of the top 20 active devices. (Samsung had three models; Lenovo, just one.) Among the top 10 new handsets shipped that month, six were from Huawei and Coolpad; 3 were from Samsung, with the final one a Brew based handset selling for under $50. The two top selling Android handsets from Samsung include the Galaxy Note II, which sells for around $900 in China, and the high-end Galaxy Trend, retailing for about $200 US here. The majority of new phones from Chinese manufacturers retailed for between $100-200.
Why is all this important? Because if you're developing games for China, it's important to make sure your games run well on these relatively low end-handsets -- they make up to 80-90% of China Telecom's market volume. Another key takeaway: Since most of these models are made by Chinese manufacturers for the China market, they're not easily available outside China. So if you're serious about your games doing well there, I strongly recommend you find a local partner who can test and QA your games on all the popular Android models. (As my own QA team can tell you, that means repeatedly testing each game across dozens of local devices.)
You might have noticed a conspicuous absence of Android tablets on the list of top devices above, and there's a good reason for that -- because most Android tablets in China don't have a SIM card slot, they are unable to process carrier billing. Consequently, a carrier like China Telecom isn't likely to aggressively promote them due to the lack of long-tail carrier billing revenue from games, as well as other voice/text related services. We'll probably see more SIM card-enabled tablets in China in the near future, but until then, there's another takeaway for game developers: Don't optimize your Android games for tablets (yet), because in China, they won't monetize anywhere near as well as phone-optimized games.
So How Does China Telecom's Aiyouxi Stack Up Amongst China App Stores?
With over 500 app stores in the market, how big, really, is China Telecom's Aiyouxi, and how does it rank among its peers? Various industry research reports have ranked Aiyouxi anywhere between #3 to #5 in China, in terms of size of their registered users and revenue. As those familiar with the China Android market know, however, the pace of change can render traditional market research methods irrelevant and out-dated almost as soon as they are released.
More important considerations for developers to consider are the app store's user demographics, and whether or not it is a strong fit for your game. As the CEO of Yodo1, a company that specializes in helping Western game developers distribute and monetize in China, my personal experience is that for monetizing single-player casual games, few other app stores can match Aiyouxi in terms of providing developers with a highly monetizable audience.
Aiyouxi has built a user base of premium casual gamers who are willing to pay for well culturalized, high quality casual games, and the free-to-paid conversion ratio of their user base is among the highest in the market. Aiyouxi's core differentiator is that they've mastered the art of understanding what their users want to play and how their users want to pay, directly marketing to their premium casual gamers to drive higher monetization rates. They may not be the largest app store in China in terms of driving volume downloads (our data would suggest that they rank within the Top 10-15 among Android app stores by download volume, depending on the month), but they definitely have the most monetizable audience for free-to-play casual games.
Next month, I'll give Gamasutra readers an in-depth look at another major Android app store, to continue building out our profile of Chinese mobile gamers -- and what you need to know, to sell your games to them.
One of the treasures of the Urdu manuscript collection at the British Library has been digitised and made available online. The Pem Nem (Add.16880) is one of the finest examples of manuscript illustration from the court of Sultan Ibrahim Adil Shah II, who ruled the kingdom of Bijapur from 1580 to 1627. Containing 34 miniature paintings illustrating the Sufi love story of prince Shah Ji and princess Mah Ji, the manuscript was written by an author by the name of Hasan Manju Khalji, bearing the pen name of Hans.
Left: The hero, Shah Ji, faints at his first sight of his beloved, Mah Ji (BL Add.16680, f. 82v)
Right: The hero, Shah Ji is enflamed with passion (BL Add.16680, f. 87r)
While the author claims in the introduction that the manuscript was written in the year 999 AH (1590/91 CE), scholars doubt that this claim is more than an attempt to harmonise the year of the manuscript's production with Ibrahim Adil Shah II's fixation with the nauras, the nine rasas or essences/flavours art. The introduction tells us that the body of the poem contains 199 rhyming couplets (dohas, two lines of seven syllables) and 999 quatrains (caupais, four lines with the rhyme ABCB), and praises the 99 names of God, suggesting that the text is indeed structured around the ruler's fixation with the number nine. Although the dating of the text to the exact year of 999 AH may be no more than poetic license, the art historian and expert on the Bijapur court, Deborah Hutton, has identified stylistic and textual details that allow the creation of the manuscript to be safely dated to the period 1591-1604 (Hutton, 'The Pem Nem', p. 45).
Originally mis-identified in Blumhardt's Catalogue of Hindi, Panjabi and Hindustani Manuscripts (1899) as a variation on the Padmavat of Jayyasi, the text of the manuscript was later studied by the eminent Urdu scholar, David Matthews, who describes the spiritual love story of the two main protagonists that differs from the Padmavat and is a unique work, although it shares the central feature of narrating a spiritual quest through the trope of a love story.
Left: Convinced that Mah Ji is only a reflection of the image in his heart, he weeps a stream a tears (BL Add.16680, f. 90v)
Right: Mah Ji passing time with her companions during her period of separation and longing, playing board games and tending to pet birds (BL Add.16680, f. 135r)
Not unlike other Persianate tales of spiritual awakening and the search for truth, the story begins with the hero, Shah Ji, encountering an image of his as-yet-unseen beloved, Mah Ji, brought to him by a tortoise, while Mah Ji receives a similar portrait-via-tortoise delivery. The two main characters fall deeply in love (Matthews, 'Pem Nem', p. 174). This curious scene, quite unfortunately, is not pictured among the illustrations of the manuscript. The hero's love for the heroine is uniquely depicted through the innovative visual metaphor of the princess' image appearing on his breast throughout the illustrations. After falling in love, Shah Ji embarks on a journey to find his beloved, which takes him to an island where his paternal uncle rules as king, and where his daughter, Shah Ji's beloved, resides. Upon finding his beloved, Shah Ji faints, and then later refuses to believe that Mah Ji is anything more than a pale reflection of the image on his chest, who he mistakes for the real beloved. In a case of mistaking the real for the reflection, Shah Ji abandons Mah Ji. At this point, the text integrates the Indic baramasa genre, which depicts the emotions of the different seasons as the twelve months of the year pass, into the Persian masnavi tradition, or Sufi love story of spiritual awakening written in narrative verse. During her period of abandonment, Mah Ji is depicted as aflame with longing - quite literally on fire - for her absent lover, just as the same striking visual metaphor was used to paint Shah Ji's desire for his beloved before he encountered her. Mah Ji is painted in scenes of amusement with her companions in the garden of the palace, although she maintains an isolated and melancholy air, such as in the images of celebrations for Holi, in which she broods while a maid fans her, presumably to cool her passions.
Left: The heroine is aflame with passion and longing for her absent beloved (BL Add.16680, f. 138r)
Right: While Mah Ji's companions prepare fireworks and celebrate, Mah Ji sits alone and is fanned by an attendant (BL Add.16680, f. 147r)
After much solitary meditation, the hero of the story, Shah Ji, realised the spiritual error of mistaking the real beloved, the actual Mah Ji before him, for the reflection of Mah Ji in his heart, and returns to the palace to much rejoicing. The largest number of illustrations, twelve of the thirty four, in the manuscript represent the celebrations and rituals surrounding their union in marriage. As in other tales of the same genre, the union of the lover and beloved is a metaphor for the union of the soul with God after mistaking the image, the majaz or symbol (here the image of Mah Ji on the hero's chest) for the haqiqa, or truth.
Left: Realising that Mah Ji is the real beloved and not an illusion, Shah Ji returns, and then faints (BL Add.16680, f. 166r)
Right: The lovers are now united in marriage, and Mah Ji offers Shah Ji paan (BL Add.16680, f. 232r)
While the images of the manuscript have been studied by art historians, much research remains to be done on the text and its languages. David Matthews has commented that, "One of the most striking features of the work is its language. The gist of the text can be understood with a little patience; the grammar, syntax and meaning of many verses defy interpretation," and he has also identified the use of many words borrowed from Marathi and Telegu into the Dakani Urdu verse of the manuscript (Matthews, 'Eighty Years', p. 96), suggesting that a team of specialist scholars would have to examine the text of the manuscript together in order to make full sense of it. While the images have been studied, published and displayed, Marika Sardar in her description of the manuscript for the Sultans of the Deccan India exhibition, has observed that some of the paintings, undertaken by three separate artists, seem to date from a later period and serve the purpose of expanding the illustrative narrative without adding content. She also comments that the manuscript seems to have been dis-bound and re-bound slightly out of order, so much work remains to be done on both the text and the study of the images. While the gist of the story and the dating of the images have been established, further study of the linguistic and art historical intricacies are still needed, which should be helped by the availability of the digitised manuscript on the British Library's website. Regardless of the mysteries surrounding certain aspects of the manuscript, the artists have given us the striking visual metaphor of the hero carrying an image of the heroine in his heart throughout the course of his spiritual quest, and also the flames of passion quite literally springing from the two main protagonists as they long to be together.
Bibliography and Further Reading
Along with other manuscripts from the courts of the Deccan Sultanates, the Pem Nem travelled to New York as a loan to Metropolitan Museum of Art for the 2015 exhibition, Sultans of Deccan India 1500-1700, Opulence and Fantasy, for which Jeremiah Losty wrote a blog (British Library loans to Sultans of Deccan exhibition in New York).
See also:
Deborah Hutton, "The Pem Nem: A Sixteenth-Century Illustrated romance from Bijapur" in Sultans of the South: Arts of India's Deccan Courts, 1323-1687, edited by Navina Najat Haidar and Marika Sardar (Metropolitan Museum of Art and Yale University Press, 2011): 44-63.
D.J. Matthews, "Eighty Years of Dakani Scholarship", The Annual of Urdu Studies, No. 8 (1993): 91-108.
David Matthews, "Pem Nem: A 16th Century Dakani Manuscript" in From Cairo to Kabul: Afghan and Islamic Studies presented to Ralph Pinder-Wilson, edited by Warwick Ball and Leonard Harrow (London: Melisende, 2002): 170-175.
Marika Sardar, "The Manuscript of the Pem Nem (The Laws of Love)" in Sultans of Deccan India 1500-1700, Opulence and Fantasy, by Navina Najat Haidar and Marika Sardar (New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2015): 97-98.
Mark Zebrowski, Deccan Painting (Sotheby Publications, University of California Press, 1983): 67-121.
Nur Sobers-Khan, Lead Curator for South Asia
"NYC 7/31/2000 Dr. John McMullen, the outgoing Devils owner shows off the Stanley Cup at the "21" Club in Manhattan Monday. Jiro Ose / The Record (Photo: OSE JIRO)
NEWARK – Once, there was the expansion Kansas City Scouts, who soon became the Colorado Rockies, though the nascent franchise continued to experience as many growing pains as it did in its original home.
Finally, in 1982, Montclair resident Dr. John J. McMullen purchased the soon-to-be New Jersey Devils and moved them to the Meadowlands. There were still struggles, for sure, but, in 1987, McMullen made his shrewdest hire, naming Providence College athletic director Lou Lamoriello as the Devils president.
Now, there is a legacy of NHL hockey in the Garden State, three Stanley Cups for the Devils and a solid foundation of youth hockey programs.
So, fittingly, on Friday, McMullen, who sold the team in 2000 and passed away at the age of 87 in 2005, will be honored as the first inductee into the Devils' new Ring of Honor. There will be a pre-game ceremony prior to that night's game against the Maple Leafs, whose general manager is now Lamoriello.
“I think this means a lot to our family,” said McMullen's son, Peter, still a Devils' season-ticket holder, who, along with about a dozen family members including his mother, Jacqueline, will represent his father at the ceremony.
“We're really proud of the leadership my father had in working with Govs. Byrne and Kean to get a pro hockey team to the Garden State,” Peter McMullen said in a telephone interview with The Record. “It's a validation of a lot of hard work and a lot of success by players, coaches and a lot of the people in the support staff off the ice.”
Peter McMullen added it always meant a lot to his father, who graduated from Montclair High School in 1936, to have a pro franchise representing New Jersey with its team name.
“He derived tremendous joy and satisfaction from the franchise growth and then its success,” Peter McMullen said. “He was a prideful person. I really think it kind of dovetails with his wish to have a franchise named New Jersey and to really have a lot of positive attention to the region and to hockey in general.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the Fire and Ice newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong All the news about the New Jersey Devils, from training camp to the regular season and Stanley Cup playoffs. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-282-3422. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Fire and Ice Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
McMullen graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1940 and made his fortune in the shipbuilding industry, first founding John J. McMullen and Associates in the late 1950s. His first foray into professional sports was a limited partner of the George Steinbrenner-owned Yankees before he purchased the Houston Astros, and then his NHL franchise.
His sports mentor was legendary Montclair High School and, later Montclair State football and baseball coach Clary Anderson.
“He very much introduced my father to a lot of things,” Peter McMullen said. “He was very bullish on bringing sports to the township of Montclair.”
In addition to Lamoriello, Friday's ceremony will be attended by Ken Daneyko, Bruce Driver, Jim Dowd, Marshall Johnston, Claude Lemiuex, John MacLean, Randy McKay, Glenn “Chico” Resch, Stephane Richer and Sergei Starikov, all Devils' alumni from the McMullen era.
Former Devils' announcer Mike “Doc” Emrick will narrate a tribute video to McMullen.
Also, the City of Newark will announce the dedication of the stretch of Lafayette Street adjacent to Prudential Center in honor of McMullen.
“I think he would probably appreciate that fans remember him as a person who ultimately got a hockey team to the Garden State and ultimately had success here,” Peter McMullen said.
BRIEFS: The Devils recalled rookie defenseman Steven Santini, 21, from Albany (AHL) on Sunday after veteran John Moore was placed on injured reserve with a concussion following Saturday's 6-2 loss to the visiting Capitals. …Top-line left wing Taylor Hall, who has missed two games with a lower-body injury and is day to day, skated on Sunday with a small group that included Santini, goalie Cory Schneider, defenseman Yohann Auvitu and center Pavel Zacha. It was Hall's second straight day on ice. …Capitals right wing Tom Wilson was not subject to NHL supplemental discipline for his non-penalized check on Moore, which sent the defenseman's head whiplashing into the glass.
E-mail: grossa@northjersey.com
U.S. Air Force Academy, Colo. - On Nov. 21, the Air Force Academy fencing team was in Philadelphia for the 2015 Elite Invitational. The day of the competition, the team and coaching staff were preparing to set out for the competition as the unexpected happened.As competitions go, the morning started off normally for the Air Force fencing team. Wake up, meet for breakfast, and get to the vans to travel. As the team was preparing to leave, they heard a loud crash at the intersection in front of their hotel. Witnessing a crash, members of the team rushed over to give assistance to those involved in the accident.According to head coach Abdel Salem, "There was a loud crash at the intersection directly in front of the hotel. Cadet Sara Cook saw a minivan run directly into the back of a car that was stopped at a red light. The minivan spun sideways and immediately began spewing smoke. The car that was hit flew through the stoplight and ran off the side of the road."Other witnesses to the accident pulled off the road to offer assistance to those in the van, but were unable to get the door open because the collision had jammed it closed. Across the parking lot, Salem, assistant coach Omar Elgeziry and cadet James Salem ran to assist the couple from the smoking car as Capt. Nick Stockdale called 911 to report the accident. James Salem and Elgeziry arrived at the passenger's side of the van and ripped open the door. To their surprise they found the woman in the passenger seat with a compound fracture to her lower right leg with heavy bleeding. The pair removed the woman from the vehicle and, with Coach Salem's assistance, assessed the woman's wound and provided the necessary treatment. Salem was a practicing general physician in Egypt for four years. Cook, who arrived on the scene, immediately began tending to the woman. Cook, CPR and first aid certified, tightly wrapped the injured woman's leg with her warm up jacket and applied pressure to limit the bleeding and to hold the bone in place."The wound was discharging bright red blood indicating an arterial injury," said Salem. After stabilizing her leg, Cook remained with the woman to calm her and assess whether or not she had other injuries.Meanwhile, James Salem and Elgeziry returned to the car to help remove the man from the driver's side of the vehicle. Cadets Robert Chado and Alexander Elwers assisted the man, who was having difficulty breathing, he had broken several ribs, and his wife mentioned that he had heart problems and a pacemaker. They continued talking to him, as he was naturally concerned about his wife and the two pit bulls in the back of his minivan. Coach Salem instructed James Salem to return to the hotel to get towels to help stop the bleeding, elevate the woman's leg, and stabilize the man's neck and back. Assisted by cadet Logan Long, the two returned to the scene with the towels and assisted the man.According to Salem, "James asked Logan to check on the woman from the car that had been hit." Seeing that the woman was alone at the curb, crying and noticeably distressed, Long and Elwers approached the woman, who was 14 weeks pregnant but otherwise in good condition, and sat with her until she had calmed down.A few minutes after the accident, the police arrived and began analyzing the situation. They had noticed that the Academy fencers who were on the scene had handled the situation effectively."At that time Stockdale traded positions with Cook who was still applying pressure to the woman's leg," said Salem. When the medics arrived they moved the couple to stretchers and into the ambulance, and assessed the woman for head and neck injuries and wanted to apply a neck brace as a precaution. However, the woman began to struggle and said she was claustrophobic, but Coach Salem was able to calm and reassure her so the medics could do their job."The medics told Stockdale to keep pressure on the leg while they lifted the woman from the curb and onto the stretcher," said Salem.After placing the man in a neck brace, the medics, Elgeziry and James Salem safely lifted the man and placed him on a stretcher. With the couple secured in the ambulance, the police and medics thanked the team for their assistance. Chado and Elwers found the dogs in the back of the van, and while extremely agitated, were unhurt."Chado reported this to the police who alerted animal control," said Salem.The team returned to the hotel, loaded up in their vans and headed off to the University of Pennsylvania. Checking in with the police later in the day the team learned all the victims were doing well and expected to make full recoveries.
SEOUL (AFP) - A special sauce more than a century older than the United States will be on the menu for Donald Trump at his state banquet in Seoul on Tuesday (Nov 7) - along with a diplomatically tricky prawn.
The dinner, at the Blue House compound next to a former royal palace, includes a beef rib dish accompanied by a gravy made with an "exquisite, 360-year-old soy sauce", said a spokesman for Seoul's presidential office.
The age implies it was made in 1657, the year the father of the US Declaration of Independence signatory Benjamin Franklin was born.
Fermented food including soy sauce is a staple in South Korean cuisine, with soy sauces made by famous artisans and fermented for decades - or centuries - sold for tens of thousands of dollars per litre.
In one food show in 2012, a group of artisans displayed soy sauce they claimed had been made 450 years ago, with a price tag of 100 million won (S$122,330).
Tuesday's menu also includes a grilled sole - known to be Trump's favourite fish - and an unnamed official told the South's Yonhap news agency: "The menu contains food that has local, traditional flavour that could also appeal to the taste of the US head of state."
But it is a marked contrast to the largely familiar US-style fare the president was offered by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Japan, with whom he has a significantly warmer relationship than with South Korean President Moon Jae In.
Within hours of Trump's arrival in Tokyo, Trump and Abe sat down to cheeseburgers, accompanied by tomato ketchup, and the centrepiece of the state banquet there was a steak.
The Seoul meal also features a prawn that Moon's office said was caught near a disputed island claimed both by the South and Japan.
The Seoul-controlled island off the east coast - called Dokdo in Korea and Takeshima in Japan - is at the heart of a decades-long territorial dispute and diplomatic row between the two countries.
Spaun sees a series of digits: 1 2 3; 5 6 7; 3 4 ?. Its neurons fire, and it calculates the next logical number in the sequence. It scrawls out a 5, in legible if messy writing.
This is an unremarkable feat for a human, but Spaun is actually a simulated brain. It contains 2.5 million virtual neurons — many fewer than the 86 billion in the average human head, but enough to recognize lists of numbers, do simple arithmetic and solve reasoning problems.
Described for the first time in Science1, Spaun — the Semantic Pointer Architecture Unified Network — is the brainchild of Chris Eliasmith, a theoretical neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo in Canada, and his colleagues. It stands apart from other attempts to simulate a brain, such as the ambitious Blue Brain Project (see 'Brain in a box'), because it produces complex behaviours with fewer neurons. “Throwing a lot of neurons together and hoping something interesting emerges doesn't seem like a plausible way of understanding something as sophisticated as the brain,” says Eliasmith.
“Until now, the race was who could get a human-sized brain simulation running, regardless of what behaviours and functions such simulation exhibits,” says Eugene Izhikevich, chairman of the Brain Corporation in San Diego, California, who helped to develop some of the first large-scale neuronal models — including one with 100 billion neurons. “From now on, the race is more [about] who can get the most biological functions and animal-like behaviours. So far, Spaun is the winner.”
Mind machine
A pure computer simulation, Spaun simulates the physiology of each of its neurons, from spikes of electricity that flow through them to neurotransmitters that cross between them. The computing cells are divided into groups, corresponding to specific parts of the brain that process images, control movements and store short-term memories. These regions are wired together in a realistic way, and even respond to inputs that mimic the action of neurotransmitters.
As Spaun sees a stream of numbers, it extracts visual features so that it can recognize the digits. It can then perform at least eight different tasks, from simple ones like copying an image, to more complex ones similar to those found on IQ tests, such as finding the next number in a series. When finished, it writes out its answer with a physically modelled arm.
Spaun is almost as accurate at such simple tasks as the average human, and reproduces many quirks of human behaviour, such as the tendency to remember items at the start and end of a list better than those in the middle. “We weren't surprised that it could do tasks,” says Eliasmith, ”but we were often surprised that subtle features like the time it took or the errors it made were the same as for humans”.
Behavioural switchboard
Spaun could provide a powerful platform for testing hypotheses about how the brain works. For example, it includes a virtual version of the basal ganglia, a region thought to act as a switchboard to allow the brain to toggle between different behaviours. “This was an untested suggestion,” says Eliasmith. “We showed that the basal ganglia can perform that role in a way that allows Spaun to match human performance for different tasks.”
He adds, “If we destroy parts of this model, we can see what behaviours might fail. Or we could change how neurotransmitters function and see how that relates to behaviour.” The researchers have already submitted a paper in which they killed off Spaun's virtual neurons at the same rate as those in an ageing brain, and saw the same cognitive decline.
Spaun has its limits. It simulates only a small fraction of the full brain, and cannot learn completely new tasks or deal with inputs beyond the ten numerals and a few symbols. It is also slow in computing terms, taking hours to simulate one second of neural behaviour. Eliasmith wants to improve the model so that Spaun works in real time and can learn on its own. “Instead of us giving it strategies for performing these tasks, it would be able to discover strategies based on experience, just like humans do,” he says.
Opinion
Bitcoin is hardly a wise investment
Bitcoin was the hot investment of 2013. Is it wise to think that the stateless currency will still be a hot investment in 2053?
That's what the bitcoin cognoscenti would have you believe.
SecondMarket, a finance startup, runs the Bitcoin Investment Trust, which makes direct investments in the virtual currency for accredited investors and financial institutions. Recently, it started working out arrangements with individual retirement account investment platforms so that people with self-directed IRAs could use their accounts to invest in bitcoin - starting at the low, low price of $25,000.
Convinced? If so, we have a few bridges to sell you.
By now, it's not news that bitcoin is a volatile asset. During April alone, the currency's value plummeted by 70 percent over the course of a few days - only to fully recover. Those are the kinds of wild swings that investors have come to associate with, say, junk bonds - not a valid, useful medium of monetary exchange.
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan made a number of mistakes during his tenure, but he was spot-on when he said in December that bitcoin has no "intrinsic value." Stateless currencies might sound good to the libertarian tribes of Silicon Valley, but when push comes to shove, regular people want a currency that's backed by a recognizable society.
Besides, bitcoin already is feeling the impact of global governance. In December, the Chinese government barred mainstream financial institutions from dealing in the virtual currency. Chinese exchanges moved quickly to change their deposit policies about bitcoin - and the currency experienced a serious plunge in value in that country from which it has not yet recovered. That could be the death knell for bitcoin. Every global business knows that without China, there's no growth.
And China is not alone. The European Banking Authority, Denmark, Norway, Australia and New Zealand all have sounded the alarm to their citizens about the currency. These actions will have an effect on bitcoin's value in 2014.
So why in the world would anyone invest money that they will need later in life in bitcoin? For the same reason that people continue to invest in Ponzi schemes, of course. But while Ponzi schemes are illegal - last summer, the Securities and Exchange Commission brought charges against a man who had persuaded people to invest their IRAs in a Ponzi scheme - it's still legal, at least for the moment, for Americans to put their retirement money into something that has only the diciest of futures as a long-term asset.
Legal, yes, but certainly not wise to invest one's retirement money in something that is being investigated by a number of government agencies for its usefulness in drug trafficking and money laundering.
Let the bitcoin proponents talk all they want. But if the stateless currency collapses, those who have been foolish enough to pour it into their IRAs will be looking to the state for relief.
Photo by Morgan Stone Grether.
Lewis & Clark has selected Wim Wiewel (pronounced Vim VEE-vel) to lead the institution forward as its next president. Wiewel, who has just completed a nine-year run as president of Portland State University, will start in his new role on October 1. The search committee noted the strength of Wiewel's relationships in Portland and across the Pacific Northwest and his commitment to the power of the liberal arts as leading factors in their decision.
“I think it's fair to say that there has never been a greater need for critical thinkers in society than right now, when facts, truth, and objective reality are under assault,” said incoming president Wiewel. “I'm incredibly energized by the opportunity to lead Lewis & Clark, an institution so demonstrably committed to producing smart, engaged, critically-thinking citizens of the world. Lewis & Clark is an important part of what makes Portland great, and I look forward to leveraging the strength of our city and region as partners in the vital work ahead.”
In nearly a decade as president of Portland State University, Wiewel guided the school through the Great Recession and into a dramatic period of growth and independence. During his time at PSU, Wiewel focused on five strategic goals: elevating student success; advancing excellence in teaching and research; extending leadership in community engagement; expanding commitment to equity; and innovating for long-term stability. Wiewel tripled fundraising, greatly increased the diversity of the student body, and was instrumental in the renovation or construction of ten major buildings. His achievements attracted the attention of the presidential search committee co-chaired by trustee and prominent Portland attorney Jay Waldron of Schwabe, Williamson and Wyatt, and Jon Jaqua BS '70, trustee and owner and manager of McKenzie Oaks Ranch and owner and partner of Metal Products Company.
“We couldn't be happier to have found the right leader close to home in Wim,” said Waldron. “In an era of increased competition for students, faculty, and donors, there is great opportunity for liberal arts colleges, law schools, and graduate schools like ours to benefit from strong and proven leadership. We're confident his blend of experience, energy, and vision will lead Lewis & Clark to even greater levels of success.”
Wiewel holds degrees in sociology and urban planning from the University of Amsterdam and a PhD in sociology from Northwestern University. Prior to leading Portland State, he was provost and senior vice president of academic affairs at the University of Baltimore, where he led efforts to broaden the university's role in the city's revitalization. Previously, he was dean of the College of Business Administration and the College of Urban Planning and Public Affairs at the University of Illinois at Chicago, where he helped establish the Great Cities Program. Wiewel is a nationally recognized expert in urban planning and in the way institutions of higher education strengthen their home cities.
A U.S. citizen and native of the Netherlands, Wiewel is married to Alice Wiewel, Oregon's state architect. Together they have four children.
Background
Lewis & Clark began its search for a new president earlier this spring. In March, the Board of Trustees appointed a search committee that was assisted by a professional search firm.
Vice President, Secretary, and General Counsel David Ellis has served as interim president since January and will continue to serve in that role until Wiewel starts in October. Board Chair Scott Dubchansky said the trustees and the entire community are deeply indebted to Ellis for his dedication to Lewis & Clark.
“David has served at the institution for over 15 years and, as many of you know, was planning to retire this spring,” Dubchansky said. “We're thankful he took on this new role, and he has done a tremendous job as interim president. He will be a valuable asset to Wim as we move through this leadership transition.”
Over the recent weeks Wim Wiewel has met with the presidential search committee, trustees, and Executive Council. Additionally, in on-campus presentations from May 16 to 19, he met faculty, staff, and students from all three schools in groups that totaled more than 500 individuals.
Presidential Search Committee
Co-chairs
Jon Jaqua BS '70, Owner and Manager of McKenzie Oaks Ranch and Owner and Partner, Metal Products Company
Jay Waldron, Attorney at Law, Schwabe, Williamson and Wyatt
Members
Life Trustee and Former Board Chair
Ronald Reagan, Attorney at Law (retired), Davis Wright Tremaine
Trustees
Stephanie Fowler MA '97, Civic Affairs
Jouni Korhonen BA '82, Heads Enterprise Risk Management, Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco
Libby McCaslin JD '87, Civic Affairs
Patrick Nielson BA '71, Business Advisor and Consultant, The Law Office of Patrick A. Nielson, PC
Mark Tratos JD '79, Attorney at Law, Managing Shareholder, Greenberg, Traurig
Faculty Representatives
Cliff Bekar, College of Arts and Sciences, Associate Professor of Economics and Department Chair
Mollie Galloway, Graduate School of Education and Counseling, Associate Professor and Chair of Educational Leadership
John Parry, Law School, Associate Dean of Faculty and Edward Brunet Professor of Law
Staff Representative
Janet W. Steverson, Dean of Diversity and Inclusion and Douglas K. Newell Professor of Law
Student Representative
Tiffany Farmer BA '18, Biology Major, Neuroscience
Do you want “ peace of mind ” every day? Do you want “ freedom ” from negative thoughts?
Do you imagine yourself free from any negative thoughts? Do you imagine yourself happy, optimistic, and peaceful every day?
In this Christian book, The Power of Positive Energy: Powerful Thinking, Powerful Life , you will learn the strategies on how your mind can change into a positive-peaceful state. You will know the specific steps on how to make yourself happy, fulfilled, optimistic, calm, and peaceful every day.
You will learn the various tools and techniques successful people do every day, such as:
How to really think positively
How to gain confidence and increase self-esteem
and
The " top secret " morning habits of successful people
How to get motivated in life every day
in life every day
How to unlock the power of prayer to achieve what you want in life
How forgiveness can catapult you to more blessings in your life
in your life
How the benefits of attitude of gratitude can dramatically increase the quality of your life
The characteristics and qualities of highly successful people
How to really live a happy life every single day
Furthermore, these are the Ultimate Benefits you will receive from the book:
You will become a positive person every single day
You will become confident and your self-esteem and self-image will be lifted higher
and your self-esteem and self-image will be
You will have powerful morning habits that will make you more successful
You will always be motivated every single day
every single day
Your prayers will always be answered by God
You will be able to forgive anyone and that will give you enormous peace of mind
anyone and that will give you
You will always be thankful every single day
You will always have a success mindset
You will always be ultimately happy every single day
You will always experience great peace in your heart every single day
Praise:
"This book has literally helped to change my life! I couldn't be more grateful. I have started developing a daily routine and morning ritual using the wisdom contained in these pages. I really like how the author focuses on character building over just doing the right things. What really matters is your character and your mindset, and this book is helping me become a better man."
- John Robertson
"At first I thought this book is just about positive thinking. But when I scrolled its pages I realized that this is an entirely different book. This book is indeed amazing and powerful because it talks of ways on how to have a transformed life and mind. The Apostle Paul in the Bible talks about being transformed by the renewing of one's mind and this book will surely guide you into that. Ultimately, one can find everlasting love, joy, peace and security by following the steps outlined in this book. This is such a powerful and inspiring book, a life changer and full of vibrant energy. If you're in the state of negativity, helplessness and hopelessness, I very highly recommend this book. Two thumbs up!"
- Henry Tupas
Want to learn more about these things 'all in one place' ?
Get all this wisdom from this Amazon's BestSelling book " The Power of Positive Energy: Powerful Thinking, Powerful Life. "
Get your copy NOW, by scrolling to the top of the page, and select the orange "BUY" button.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has set out its plans for the first 100 days under Trump, during which time it says it will continue to fight for the rights of internet and technology users.
The digital rights group has already drawn up a wishlist for covering its privacy and security dreams for 2017, but the 100-day plan sees the EFF setting out its agenda for the first few months under Trump. Having claimed that "our civil liberties need an independent defense force" and that "free speech and the rights to privacy, transparency, and innovation won't survive on their own", EFF is prepared to go to court -- again -- to hold the new administration to account when necessary.
The group plans to continue its fight against "wrongful surveillance and censorship orders", and says that it will make full use of Freedom of Information Act requests to "force transparency on our secretive government". This is something that will be happening right from the get-go: "we intend to wield this tool from the earliest days of Trump's presidency".
As well as fighting for rights, the group will continue to promote security and privacy, reaching out to communities to help out when appropriate. "We will be providing even more free or at-cost security trainings to groups who may be subjected to increased surveillance under the Trump administration. We're reaching out to a wide range of activists, Muslim communities, immigrant communities, lawyers, security educators and others. We also will be working to support security educators".
Adopting something of a bleak tone EFF says:
The first 100 days will set the tone for the rest of Mr. Trump's time in office. The transition team has laid out what they hope to accomplish over this period. Some of the things he and his team said have us preparing for the worst. Based on statements about surveillance, net neutrality, and press freedom, we anticipate attempts to undercut many of the hard-won protections for technology users and thwart efforts to reform broken laws.
But of course the group is not just going to sit back and watch things go wrong.
Campaigning will continue to end mass surveillance. EFF says that it wants to cultivate and build on grassroots movements in all states of the US and it is ready for any attempt to undermine the principles of net neutrality:
There's ample reason to believe that Mr. Trump and his appointees, backed by members of Congress, will attempt to dismantle hard-fought net neutrality victories. With new membership, we are expecting the Federal Communications Commission to actively seek ways to roll back consumer privacy rights and allow Internet service providers to stealthily harvest your data so it can be packaged and resold to third parties without your permission. We are prepared to fight efforts to undo the Open Internet Order and allow cable and telephone companies to dictate the future of the Internet. We will continue to play a major role in building the movement to oppose any efforts to undermine Internet freedom in Congress, the Executive Branch, and in the courts.
Head over to the EFF website to check out the full 100-day plan.
Image credit: Electronic Frontier Foundation
I saw episode three five hours ago guys it was enjoyable a little predictable but fun. ironically one of my favorite parts was where my best pony Rarity got bonked on the head by the castle after doing her normal whining and complaining and that expression made me lol
I wanted to recapture that expression in my own style. For a change of pace from digital i wanted to practice ones traditional skills i used basic colour pencils as i have no popular packs. I plan this xmas to get some new traditional materials for my business as i want to make an effort to get back in to the hands on side of my art i used to have next year.
Check out my FIM title card project jowybean.deviantart.com/galler…
Until next deviation LATERS Bronies
Like it hate it It's up to you not marmite
PESHAWAR: The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Chief Minister's Information Adviser, Mushtaq Ghani, issued a denial after reports circulated on local media that West Indies cricketer Darren Sammy had been offered an honourary Pakistani citizenship by Pervez Khattak.
"This power resides with the federal government and the chief minister cannot offer an honourary citizenship," said Ghani.
Ghani emphasised that the chief minister cannot make such an offer and that it had been made by a fake account impersonating Khattak on social networking site Twitter.
After an explosive Pakistan Super League stint with Peshawar Zalmi and leading West Indies to their second World T20 title, the Carribbean captain, Darren Sammy was ─ briefly ─ thought to have achieved yet another milestone after he was supposedly offered an honourary citizenship of Pakistan.
Sammy took the offer in stride.
With a 140 runs and 4 wickets under his belt in his ten matches for the Peshawar outfit, Sammy also won many hearts, especially from the people of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
However, the Shahid Afridi led side could only make it to the second play-off final, which they lost to champions Islamabad United.
Rocket motor for Ariane 6 and Vega-C is cast for testing
The first full-scale model of the rocket motor that will propel Ariane 6 and Vega-C into orbit has been cast and filled with inert propellant for testing at Europe's Spaceport in French Guiana.
The P120C is the largest solid-propellant rocket motor ever built in one segment.
Each P120C will hold over 140 tonnes of propellant in a carbon fibre casing almost 11.5 m long and about 3.4 m in diameter. It is derived from Vega's current first stage motor, the P80, which holds 88 tonnes of propellant.
The design builds on existing expertise and lessons learned with Vega's P80, and it increases Vega performance with Vega-C. Two or four P120Cs will be strapped onto Ariane 6 as boosters for liftoff.
The model casing, shipped this summer from Avio in Italy, took about 36 hours to fill with inert propellant blended at Europe's launch base in Kourou.
Using non-ignitable fluid that has a similar density to the real propellant meant that engineers could safely test all the new equipment and procedures.
Filled and sealed, the fluid in the casing could stabilise, cool and harden – the curing process – which took 10 days.
Further tests on the motor, now horizontal, will confirm that it is ready to be integrated with other structures in January.
These tests are a step towards casting active propellant in November with a P120C development motor that will be static fired in April.
Vega-C is expected to debut in mid-2019, increasing performance from Vega's current 1.5 t to about 2.2 t in a reference 700 km polar orbit.
Ariane 6's maiden flight is planned for 2020. This new launch vehicle will be gradually phased in to succeed Ariane 5.
E-mail is old and complex. It's the oldest still-recognizable component of the Internet, with its modern incarnation having coalesced out of several different decades-old messaging technologies including ARPANET node-to-node messaging in the early 1970s. And though it remains a cornerstone of the Internet—the original killer app, really—it's also extraordinarily hard to do right.
We most often interact with e-mail servers through friendly Web-based front-ends or applications, but a tremendous amount of work goes into hiding the complexity that allows the whole system to work. E-mail functions in a poisoned and hostile environment, flooded by viruses and spam. The seemingly simple exchange of text-based messages operates under complex rules with complex tools, all necessary to keep the poison out and the system functioning and useful in spite of the abuse it's constantly under.
From a normal person's perspective, e-mail seems like a solved problem: sign up for Internet access and your ISP gives you an e-mail address. Google, Apple, Yahoo, or any number of other free e-mail providers will hook you up with e-mail accounts with gigabytes of space and plenty of cool value-added features. Why do battle with arcane dragons to roll your own e-mail solution?
I'll tell you why: because if it's in the cloud, it's not yours.
Because you must rely on others for your security. You have no control over who can read your correspondence—you must allow your data to be mined and your marketing profile extracted. You won't be told if your metadata is collected or if your inbox is vacuumed up by a secret government request. You consent to be not a customer but a product, and a product has no rights.
Well, to hell with that. It's your e-mail. And we're going to take it back.
This is hard and even a bit scary...
E-mail is hard. If you want an easier sysadmin project, go set up a Web server. E-mail is a lot more complex, with many more moving parts. On the other hand, your correspondence with others is one of the most personal aspects of your online life—in a medium ultimately made of text, your words are you. It's worth learning how to claw your online life back from those who would data mine and monetize it.
There are pitfalls and caveats—the biggest of which is that if you run your own e-mail server, you will be the sysadmin. The upside of this is that no bored or tired customer service rep about to go off-shift is going to fall for a social engineering attack and reset your e-mail password. The downside is that you are responsible for the care and feeding of your system. This is not an impossible task—it's not even really difficult—but it is non-trivial and never-ending. Applying critical updates is your responsibility. When do critical updates come out? That's your responsibility to keep track of, too.
Worst of all, if you screw up and your server is compromised or used as spam relay, your domain will almost certainly wind up on blacklists. Your ability to send and receive e-mail will be diminished or perhaps even eliminated altogether. And totally scrubbing yourself from the multitude of e-mail blacklists is about as difficult as trying to get off of the TSA's No Fly list.
You have been warned.
...but it's also worth doing
OK, that ought to be enough to scare away the people who aren't serious. For those of you still with me: this is going to be a hell of a lot of fun, and you're going to learn a lot.
This is going to be multi-part series, and here in this first part we're going to ask (and answer) a bunch of questions about how we're going to set our e-mail server up. We'll also outline the applications we're going to use and talk about what they do. We expect this series will run over the course of the next few weeks; unlike our series on setting up a Web server, though, you won't be able to get started firing off e-mails after part 1—you need the whole thing in order for it all to work right.
This certainly isn't the only DIY e-mail tutorial on the Web. If you're eager to skip ahead and get started now, we suggest consulting Christoph Hass' excellent tutorial on Workaround.org—he makes many (but nowhere near all) of the same configuration choices that we will be making. However, Ars wouldn't be putting this guide together if we didn't have a few tricks up our sleeves—we've been in an e-mail configuration cave for the past month, and we have a lot of good information to share.
Prerequisites and assumptions—the where and the how
So you want your own e-mail server. Excellent! The first decision, before we even get into things like operating systems and applications, is where you're going to put it. If you're on a residential ISP connection, you will face a number of challenges in running an e-mail server out of your closet. In addition to almost certainly finding the standard set of e-mail TCP ports blocked, your IP address is also almost certainly already on one or more blacklists in order to cut down on the amount of spam being spewed out by virus-infected home computers. Whether or not you're actually spewing any spam is irrelevant—that ship has long since sailed, and residential IP addresses are almost universally considered poisoned. There are numerous tools you can use to see if your address is on a blacklist—make sure to check before you start.
If you just want to mostly follow along at home with a non-functional test domain for learning, then a virtual machine or spare closet server will do just fine; if you want to do it for real, you'll either need to be on a business-class connection with unblocked ports and a non-blacklisted IP address, or you'll need a hosting service. You don't need a monster dedicated server or anything, but you do need at least a VPS you can install software on from the command line. There are many options; I always recommend A Small Orange or Lithium Hosting, but if you're willing to sacrifice some performance, you can almost certainly host a small e-mail server on a free Amazon EC2 instance.
You're also going to need a domain (again, unless you're going to just play along and use a nonexistent test domain), and that means you're going to need a registrar and an external DNS provider. My personal recommendations for registrars are Namecheap and Gandi.net; both took hard anti-SOPA stances (see these links) and both offer two-factor authentication options. I have used both registrars, and they are both excellent.
One of the lessons reinforced by the recent @N Twitter account theft is that you should segregate your online services where it makes sense to do so. A significant component of the @N compromise came from the attacker gaining access to Naoki Hiroshima's GoDaddy account, with GoDaddy functioning not only as his registrar but also as the authoritative DNS source for Hiroshima's domains. Once in, the attacker was able to change at least one of those domains' MX records and thereby hijack delivery of that domain's e-mail.
We're going to attempt to mitigate that specific risk by using a separate DNS provider—specifically, we're going to use Amazon's Route 53 DNS service. That will limit the amount of immediate damage an attacker can do in the unlikely event of a compromise at your registrar.
"Ah," you say, "but if I use Amazon EC2 for my e-mail server and Amazon Route 53 for DNS, then I'm not segregating at all!" This is true, but Amazon gives you rich access control between different services; it's not difficult to ensure that one set of login credentials can only modify your EC2 server and a different set of credentials can only modify your Route 53 DNS settings.
There are also many other DNS providers if you want to physically distribute your eggs rather than rely on access control—and being paranoid about security is never unwise. For this guide, though, we'll be walking through the specific steps that I took when taking my own existing Google Apps-hosted domain and e-mail private—that means a physical server and Route 53 DNS (which ends up costing me about $2 a month).
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has described comments made by US presidential candidate Donald Trump as “racist and dangerous”.
Pressed in the Dáil during Taoiseach's question time on Tuesday about his reaction to Mr Trump's comments about immigration and the Middle East, Mr Kenny said: “If Trump's comments are racist and dangerous, which they are, there is an alternative to vote for.”
Mr Kenny's unexpectedly trenchant observation about the Republican presidential candidate was made in response to Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin, who asked him to stand up for some basic principles.
“What has been articulated in the US election is worrying.
“It is not acceptable for democrats to speak in the way Donald Trump has about various religions and ethnic groups and about building walls. It sets an appalling example for how the free world should speak and articulate,” said Mr Martin.
Negative remarks
The Taoiseach in response made his negative remarks about Mr Trump, although in response to earlier questions he said he could not presume to determine what decision the US electorate would make between the Republican and Democratic contenders.
Mr Kenny added he disagreed with Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's view on the Norwegian Air deal to fly from Cork to the United States.
“There will be two candidates in the election, and it will be a matter for the US people. Whoever is elected by the US electorate, the world will have to deal with that decision. This is always how it has been following presidential elections,” the Taoiseach said.
On a recent trip to Washington, Mr Kenny had refused to be drawn into commenting on Mr Trump's controversial views, saying it was not for him to comment on whom the next US president should be.
He described the inevitable electoral contest between Mr Trump and Ms Clinton as “a matter for the American electorate” but he conceded the debate had been “very provocative and divisive”.
Minister for Social Protection, Leo Varadkar has described remarks by Mr Trump as “sexist” and “misognyistic”.
Speaking at a book launch on Tuesdaym Mr Varadkar said: “I think any reasonable person would agree some of the comments he's made are racist, particularly in relation to latinos and also many of the things he has said are sexist and don't show a positive attitude towards women. But ultimately it is up to American citizens to determine who their president is. But I know how most Irish people would vote.”
He added: “We will of course work with whoever Americans decide to elect as president. But I don't think there can be any doubt that many of the speeches he has made were racist and showed a very misogynistic attitude to women.”
It is not the first time that Mr Trump has provoked controversy in Ireland. In 2014, Minister for Finance Michael Noonan had to defend his participation in a welcoming party for the billionaire businessman at Shannon Airport.
A harpist, singer and violinist joined local dignitaries to greet Mr Trump on a red carpet before he visited the Doonbeg golf resort in Co Clare, which he purchased for €15 million.
The event was criticised by some commentators who accused the welcoming party of “bowing and scraping” to Mr Trump.
Mr Trump and Ms Clinton are neck and neck in the polls.
The Republican candidate has weathered months of criticism from all ends of the political spectrum for his immigration policy, which calls for the building of a wall along the US-Mexico border and deporting of nearly 11 million undocumented immigrants who reside in the United States. Critics have said his plan is needlessly cruel and impossible to implement.
However, at Mr Trump's campaign stops, attendees often chant: “Build the wall.”
Korean netizens and international communities alike have been moved to action following a horrifying Nate community post that was made late June 20, under an anonymous ID that states, “Help me.”
The woman, who later identifies herself in her second post as Lee Jung Hee, starts, “Hello. Everyone.. I'm am confessing with a heart of atonement the incredibly horrific and frustrating life that I've had to live thus far. I am a filthy woman.”
She goes on to describe an incredible story of prostitution, abuse, rape, and oppression of her and her two sons – in addition to others – at the hands of her own family, including her husband, a church pastor. The organization which she was forced to be a part of is, according to her post, part of a huge prostitution business with locations nationwide, in which her own family and her husband's family are both deeply involved. “My children have been raped by about 300 people, while for me, in the 20 years of my marriage, the number reaches 1000,” says Lee Jung Hee.
The police have refused all requests for assistance, she states, saying that while she has done press interviews, her husband intercepted any content that was to be aired and that her own family took her husband's side to corroborate her supposed insanity to debunk her claims.
She turns to the online community in a plea for everyone to help spread the word.
Her son made a followup to her initial post on June 21: “From when I was 5 years old, I've been sexually assaulted by my father, in addition to people my father has brought home. I've been assaulted by pastors and doctors from Busan, people from Chungju. But now they all deny it.”
He goes on to name close family members. “I've been sexually assaulted by my grandfather [on my father's side], my grandparents [on my mother's side], my mom's sister and brother, and my mom's sister's sons.”
“My father and my grandfather are both pastors,” states the son.
The latest post, made on June 22, is another plea by Lee Jung Hee for someone to save her sons, the eldest of which is currently hospitalized. The younger son is unable to go to school or get proper treatment, she says.
Lee Jung Hee states, “This is all my fault as a mother, for not being able to escape with my sons earlier,” and further describes her situation.
The online community has responded in earnest, attempting to spread awareness of the story via major social networks using #HelpLeeJungHee, translations of the original Korean posts in various languages, and reports to major news sources.
The case previously saw Korean media light in the latter half of 2014, including a segment on Korea's TV Chosun, during which an affiliate of the husband's church speaks to the news outlet, countering Lee Jung Hee's claims.
The affiliate says, “I'm not sure how the son and wife have been living after they were kicked out, but we assume there was discord within the family. In the midst of that, we're wondering if the wife didn't suffer from a mental disease after experiencing psychological stress. We don't think she is mentally stable; to leave alone thinking that she is in her right mind, this is too big of a situation. First of all, what we have before us is all lies. We have to make it right by revealing the truth.”
Currently, Korean articles covering the press conference held in October of 2014 by the mother and two sons in question have been taken down.
Source (1) (2) (3) (4)
Why Isn't Anyone Talking About The Graphic Male Rape On “Outlander”?
A rape on Game of Thrones this season has sparked a ton of debate—and calls for a boycott of the show—but perhaps the most graphic sexual assault on television hasn't garnered much attention.
On the finale of Starz Outlander, our hero, Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan), is tortured and sodomized by the twisted Black Jack Randall (Tobias Menzies). Yes, the show's sole queer character (to date, anyway) is a violent, sadistic rapist. Not exactly breaking down stereotypes.
Jamie's torture, mutilation and rape is recounted through flashbacks—in multiple scenes over two episodes—as his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) later tries to learn what happened and bring him back from utter despair.
But the reaction to the scene was far different than the one Thrones received: As E!'s Ask Kristen writes, “the majority of fans who've spoken out via social media have unabashedly praised the episode and its Emmy-worthy writing and acting.”
Ronald D. Moore, Outlander's executive director, has been stunned by the reception to Saturday's finale.
“It's been overwhelmingly positive,” he tells E!. “Any fan response to something they love will always have outliers that hate it who still watch it over and over.”
Of course, with Game of Thrones, many complained that Sansa's sexual assault was unacceptable because it wasn't in George R.R. Martin's original books. Which are actually pretty chockablock with rape, murder and an usual amount of castration.
The assault on Outlander, on the other hand, was taken directly from the Diana Gabaldon novels.
“We always knew we had to do [the rape],” says Moore. “It was just about how we were going to do it. It was fundamental to the show and to the story we were telling.”
Then again, Thrones creators have made it pretty clear from the start they're diverging from Martin's text to create an original narrative, even more so now as the show starts to outpace his literary output.
Or is the public simply not outraged because it's the rape of a man, and the same historical power struggle isn't at play?
Maybe it's a question of numbers: The April 6 episode of Outlanders garnered 1.2 million viewers, compared to the more than the 7 million people who watched this week's episode of Thrones.
But what's most disturbing about the rape in Outlander is not that it happened—but that we're made to believe Jamie eventually sort of liked it.
“Randall didn't just use force to get what he wanted from me,” he tells Claire. “He made love to me.”
Ugh.
Flavorwire writes:
Essentially, Randall turned himself into a perverse version of Claire and forced Jamie to surrender and feel pleasure in his violation. “He broke me,” says Jamie. “We both knew it.”
Certainly the show didn't whitewash the emotional and physical violence of a sexual assault. Black Jack is a Redcoat Marquis de Sade, attacking Jamie's mind as much as his body. Yet in the end Jamie is healed—and brought back from the brink of suicide—by Claire's love. (The best cure for PTSD, apparently.) Maybe the whole thing was just a twisted bodice-ripper fantasy that curdled when acted out by actual human beings?
Did you watch the Outlander finale? What did you think about the sexual assault?
Reuters' largest poll of 2016 on the racial attitudes of supporters of various political candidates found that Trump supporters are seriously racist, Clinton supporters are a little less racist than the average respondent, but Sanders supporters are less racist than the supporters of any other candidate.
It's true that Trump also has enough delegates to secure the Republican nomination, but we included the Cruz and Kasich supporters because they showed that those racial attitudes among Trump supporters were significantly more negative than those among other Republicans. (Almost 50 percent of Trump supporters, for example, viewed blacks as more “violent” than whites. About 31 percent of Kasich and Clinton supporters said the same. )
The difference was slight between Clinton and Sanders, but it also was sometimes between Cruz and Trump. We mostly excluded the Sanders data for space reasons. We really should have kept it in.
The headline in The Hill says it loud and clear:
Obama picks public option fight with liberals
Many people are rightly upset that the White House is sending stronger and stronger signals that they are willing to jettison a public option. What was once the defining feature of the Obama health care plan has now been dismissed with a bipartisan flourish. "[I]t's both the right and the left that have become so fixated on this that they forget everything else," he says.
Here's Kent Conrad on Fox News:
The fact of the matter is there are not the votes in the United States Senate for the public option, there never have been, so to continue to chase that rabbit is just a wasted effort.
If Conrad could set aside his "More About Me" world view for a moment and do some second grade math, he'd see that there aren't enough votes for a health care bill without a public option in the House
There are 435 seats on the House. Of those, 257 are filled by Democrats and 178 by Republicans. Which means a majority is 218. The Republicans have vowed to vote against health care, period. The Democrats can pass health care on their own, but if they lose 40 of their own, they only have 217 votes.
There are 57 Democrats who signed the July 30 letter saying that they "simply cannot vote" for a bill that "at minimum" does not have a public plan (PDF). There are 7 more not listed on the letter who have pledged to vote against any bill that does not have a robust public plan. That makes 64 Democrats who won't vote for the "co-ops" that both Kathleen Sibelius and Robert Gibbs say the White House is "open" to.
Do the math: 257 – 64 = 193. They need 218 to pass the bill.
So thanks to the progressive members of the House who have pledged to vote against any health care bill that does not have a public plan. They represent 76% of Americans who want a public plan, and coming from heavily Democratic-leaning districts as they do, an even greater percentage of their own constituents:
Member Name PVI District Corrine Brown D+18 FL-03 Albio Sires D+21 NJ-13 Alcee Hastings D+28 FL-23 Andre Carson D+14 IN-07 Barbara Lee D+37 CA-09 Barney Frank D+14 MA-14 Bennie Thompson D+12 MS-02 Bill Delahunt D+9 MA-10 Bill Pascrell D+12 NJ-08 Bob Filner D+8 CA-51 Carolyn Kilpatrick D+31 MI-13 Carolyn Maloney D+26 NY-14 Chaka Fattah D+38 PA-02 Chellie Pingree D+8 MN-01 Dennis Kucinich D+8 OH-10 Diane Watson D+35 CA-33 Donald Payne D+33 NJ-10 Donna Edwards D+31 MD-04 Earl Blumenauer D+19 OR-03 Ed Towns D+38 NY-10 Eddie Bernice Johnson D+27 TX-30 Elijah Cummings D+25 MD-07 Emanuel Cleaver D+10 MO-05 Eric Massa R+5 NY-29 Pete Stark D+22 CA-13 Grace Napolitano D+18 CA-38 Gwen Moore D+22 WI-04 Hank Johnson D+24 GA-04 Jackie Spier D+23 CA-12 Jerry Nadler D+22 NY-08 Jesse Jackson, Jr. D+36 IL-02 Jim McDermott D+31 WA-07 Jim McGovern D+9 MA-03 John Conyers D+34 MI-14 John Olver D+14 MA-01 John Tierney D+7 MA-06 John Yarmuth D+2 KY-03 Jose Serrano D+41 NY-16 Judy Chu D+15 CA-32 Keith Ellison D_23 MN-05 Laura Richardson D+26 CA-37 Linda Sanchez D+12 CA-39 Lloyd Doggett D+6 TX-25 Lucille Roybal-Alard D+22 CA-34 Luis Gutierrez D+32 IL-04 Lynn Woolsey D+38 CA-06 Marcia Fudge D+32 OH-11 Marcy Kaptur D+10 OH-09 Maurice Hinchey D+6 NY-22 Maxine Waters D+31 CA-35 Mazie Hirono D+14 HI-02 Mel Watts D+16 NC-12 Michael Honda D+15 CA-15 Mike Capuano D+32 MA-08 Nydia Valezquez D+33 NY-12 Peter DeFazio D+2 OR-04 Phil Hare D+3 IL-17 Raul Grijalva D+6 AZ-07 Robert Wexler D+15 FL-19 Rush Holt D+5 NJ-12 Sam Farr D+19 CA-17 Sheila Jackson Lee D+24 TX-18 William Lacy Clay D+27 M0-01 Yvette Clarke D+38 NY-11
These Members of Congress were overwhelmingly elected by Democrats. In voting against any bill that does not have a public plan they are voting their districts.
The White House shouldn't ask them to do otherwise in order to pander for Republican votes they are never going to get. If Rahm wants to beat somebody into voting for something that their district doesn't want, let him go talk to the "centrists" he's been coddling.
By Daniel Flynn
Hall of Famer Lem Barney surprised players at a football camp in June by calling the game a sport for “gladiators” and predicting its demise. The Detroit Lions defensive back explained, “The game is becoming more deadly today.”
The jock's raising of the white flag demonstrates the degree to which the eggheads have commandeered the debate over football. The opinions of many athletes who love the game now reflect the opinions of critics who despise it. Football suffers—more so do the facts.
Take Barney's claim of a deadlier game. When he won Rookie of the Year in 1967, twenty-four players at all levels of competition died from on-field collisions. Last season, two players died as a result of hits. Over the course of the defensive back's illustrious eleven-year career with the Lions, hits killed an average of twenty-one football players per season. Over the last eleven seasons, violent collisions have claimed the lives of less than four players per year. Football, a sport played by roughly four million Americans, has grown dramatically, and demonstrably, safer since Barney retired.
Another stubborn meme holds that football subtracts years from the lives of its players.
“Growing evidence demonstrates that both the lifespan and quality of life of NFL players is significantly reduced,” Dr. Lee Nadler of Harvard University explained after his school received a $100 million pledge from the NFL Players Association earlier this year. “Whereas white males live to 78 years and African-American males live to approximately 70 years, it appears that professional football players in both the United States and Canada have life expectancies in the mid to late 50's.”
Malcolm Gladwell, who calls football “dumb” and likens it to dog-fighting, justifies bans on the sport by pointing to “a rate of early death.... associated with both the massive weight gain and also the consequences of banging into each other on the field over and over again.” George Will, who by one metric writes America's most-read column, contends: “For all players who play five or more years, life expectancy is less than 60; for linemen it is much less.”
But it's not.
The suspicion that the game steals years proved so strong that the NFL Players Association petitioned the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health to conduct a mortality study on their profession. The federal researchers discovered diminished rates of cancer and heart disease for pension-vested retirees who, like Lem Barney, played in five or more seasons between 1959 and 1988. They found that retired players died at nearly half the ratio as comparable men outside of the NFL. The dietary and lifestyle demands of an athlete, let alone the rigors of running and wrestling on a 100-yard field, yield healthier bodies. Professional football players live longer, not less.
The high-profile suicides of Junior Seau, Jovan Belcher, and Andre Waters create an impression that football causes its enthusiasts to kill themselves. “There's something rotten in the N.F.L., an obviously dysfunctional culture that either brings out sad, destructive behavior in its fearsome gladiators or fails to protect them and those around them from it,” Frank Bruni wrote last season. The New York Times columnist then repeated the oft-repeated statistic that the NFL suicide rate is “nearly six times the national average” to buttress his point.
The sixfold-suicide story clicks with the anti-football narrative, but it doesn't click with the science. NIOSH's researchers would have discovered 131 suicides if NFL players had killed themselves at six-times the rate of comparable American males. They would have found 22 suicides if the NFL rate merely mirrored the rate. They found nine.
NIOSH released its study months before Will, Nadler, Bruni, Gladwell, and others made their specious claims. While the study didn't generate the saturation coverage that the lawsuits against the league, or its player misdeeds, receive, it did merit major attention in USA Today upon its release. The findings may have been inconvenient. They weren't hidden.
Similarly, coaches and educators have annually promulgated player fatalities for more than eight decades. Anyone can read online that fatalities, which also occur in hockey, track and field, horse racing, and just about every other vigorous human activity, have been reduced in football to a fraction of their former number.
In dissecting the world of dumb jocks, the eggheads have gone native. Merely because a thousand talking heads chatter every time a football player dies young or commits suicide doesn't mean that thousands of players kill themselves or depart before their time. Similarly, the fact that the public now possesses a heightened awareness of the dangers of football doesn't mean that the dangers have heightened.
George Will, in his bow-tie and wire-rim glasses, and the soft-spoken Malcolm Gladwell, sporting a Don-King-meets-Albert-Einstein hairdo (or don't), make for strange demagogues. Their readers know them for their insight, not their incitement. But when the question turns to minds, people especially blessed with them tend to lose their minds.
Dumb jocks may be wise to yield to highbrains like Will and Gladwell on any number of questions. Sports isn't one of them. Jocks, like Bo Jackson, know football. Eggheads? Not so much.
Daniel J. Flynn is the author of The War on Football: Saving America's Game (Regnery, 2013).
