Former Australian teacher accused of child sex crimes, human trafficking found dead in Philippines jail
Updated
An Australian imprisoned in the central Philippines province of Cebu has been found dead inside his cell, in what Philippines authorities believe could be a case of suicide.
Hilton Reece Munro, 46, was found dead in his isolation cell in the Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Centre on Saturday.
Munro, a former hockey player and private school teacher from Melbourne, had been charged in Philippines courts with human trafficking, and with violating a law that protects children.
He was arrested in a resort in the central Philippines province of Cebu in 2013 while in the company of four minors, believed to be boys aged between 10 and 13.
Prison officials said the Australian had been suffering from depression while in jail.
Local media reports said Munro had been placed in an isolation cell last year after allegedly "flaring up" at other inmates.
Philippines police have coordinated with the Australian Embassy in Manila for the repatriation of Munro's body.
Munro had taught at Melbourne boys school Scotch College in 1999 and 2000.
He had been head of Zhuhai International School in China's Guangdong province until shortly before his arrest in the Philippines.
Munro was one of a number of Australian men arrested in the Philippines on child sex-related charges.
The Australian Federal Police said about 250 Australians with child sex convictions travelled to the Philippines last year.
In March, Philippines authorities filed charges of murder and rape against Australian Peter Gerard Scully.
Scully was arrested in the southern Philippines city of Malaybalay in February, and is accused of murdering an 11-year-old girl.
He was also charged with trafficking, cybercrime and child abuse.
Topics: sexual-offences, child-abuse, suicide, philippines
First posted
A platform of hatred. A plethora of racist, misogynistic and transphobic remarks. But through it all, many stood by far-right troll Milo Yiannopoulos, often defending his right to free speech.
Over the weekend, however, the Breitbart editor finally crossed what may have seemed a non-existent line, sending the American Conservative Union, publishing house Simon & Schuster and others who once supported him running.
The breaking point: defending pedophilia.
Video surfaced Sunday in which Yiannopoulos appears to condone sexual relationships between adults and 13-year-old boys, saying, “We get hung up on this kind of child abuse stuff.”
Despite a “note for idiots” on Facebook in which Yiannopoulos attempted to clarify what he said, and a subsequent post in which he took some responsibility for his comments, the fallout has been swift.
He was disinvited Monday from ACU's annual Conservative Political Action Conference, where he was scheduled to speak along with Vice President Mike Pence, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and President Donald Trump's strategist Steve Bannon. The group's president, Matt Schlapp, said Yiannopoulos's response on Facebook was “insufficient.”
Simon & Schuster announced later Monday that it had decided to cancel the publication of Yiannopoulos' upcoming book, Dangerous.
Among his other deserters was “alt-right” Twitter personality “Baked Alaska.”
I am Milo's former manager.
I have defended Milo for standing up for free speech on many occasions.
Today, I cannot defend Milo anymore. — Baked🥛Alaska™ (@bakedalaska) February 20, 2017
Yiannopoulos' offensive verbal assaults have been plentiful. Among the more memorable was a racist attack against “Saturday Night Live” and “Ghostbusters” star Leslie Jones, for which he was permanently banned from Twitter.
Violent protests this month shut down his planned appearance at the University of California, Berkeley, campus.
Unsurprisingly, many took to Twitter on Monday to blast the ACU and others, pointing out their willingness to ignore Yiannopoulos' bigotry ― up to a certain point.
@AdamRothberg @simonschuster @threshold_books so to clarify: racism and transphobia = worthy of a book contract. pedophilia = not? — Richard Lawler (@rjcc) February 20, 2017
So the line is pedophilia. Everything else is okay.
"CPAC boots Milo Yiannopoulos over pedophilia comments" https://t.co/Z3hUTJZCql pic.twitter.com/anUG4fBqxR — Peter🌹Coffin🔑 (@petercoffin) February 20, 2017
If it took this for you to consider Milo Yiannopoulos disgraceful, only you know why. — Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) February 20, 2017
It's now established Milo Yiannopoulos is allowed to be sexist, transphobic, & anti-Muslim but the red line for prejudice is paedophilia. — Rori Donaghy (@roridonaghy) February 20, 2017
So where are the free speech defenders of #MiloYiannopoulos NOW? So his vile crap was cool before. Now pedophilia is bad? #tcot — rolandsmartin (@rolandsmartin) February 20, 2017
But now that #MiloYiannopoulos & his praise for pedophilia has come out, NOW y'all say he has crossed a line. So all else was fair? #tcot — rolandsmartin (@rolandsmartin) February 20, 2017
My understanding from Twitter is that today is the day many new people came to the conclusion Milo Yiannopoulos is a real piece of shit. — John Scalzi (@scalzi) February 20, 2017
The Milo Test: Anti-Semitism, ok. Racism, ok. Alt Right, ok. .Advocacy of pedophilia? Is THAT the bridge too far? — Charlie Sykes (@SykesCharlie) February 20, 2017
There's been lots of talk about US authorities prosecuting Julian Assange of WikiLeaks, but it has posed a big question: Assange did all his leaking while remaining outside of the United States, so is it constitutional to extend America's criminal laws to activities beyond its shores?
It's well established that the due process clause places limits on such sweeping assertions of power. For example, when foreign monopolies manipulate prices overseas, it's not enough to show that they have hurt American consumers. Courts insist on evidence that they had fair notice that American anti-trust laws would govern their activity.
Up to now, these constitutional requirements have been developed most elaborately in anti-trust and other areas, which involve civil damages, not criminal punishment. But due process is even more important in criminal procedure, where the Constitution has always held America to more demanding standards.
This basic point has been missed because cases like WikiLeaks are relative novelties. During the first two centuries of the American republic, the justice department only prosecuted extraterritorially for crimes involving recognition that American law was in play – offences that involved direct dealing with the American government or crimes like piracy that were universally condemned by all nations. It was only in the 1980s, and especially since 11 September 2001, that the United States has increasingly used the criminal law as a weapon abroad.
As a consequence, courts are only beginning to grapple with the fair notice problem. In 2003, for instance, the second circuit considered whether due process allowed the United States to prosecute Ramzi Yousef, a non-citizen, for hijacking a Phillippines airliner en route to Japan. The court allowed the proceeding to go forward: given that Yousef's hijacking was a test run for a similar attack he planned for the United States, he should have "reasonably anticipate[d] being haled into court in this country".
But, on the surface at least, Assange could not be charged under a similar rationale. He does not seem to be planning to enter the United States anytime soon. His actions undoubtedly damaged the interests of the United States, but this is true of countless foreigners who release information about America in foreign countries. Surely, it would be unconstitutional for American criminal law to threaten prosecution against every foreigner in the world who denounces the United States?
The Espionage Act of 1917 is the most frequently cited authority for a criminal prosecution. In its 90-year history, it has only once been used against a foreign citizen for an extraterritorial violation. That was in 1985. The case involved Alfred Zehe, who had transmitted classified information about US anti-submarine warfare to the East German government. In defending himself in court, Zehe did not raise any constitutional objections, and so the district judge did not consider them in convicting him. Since Zehe didn't appeal, no higher court has ever ruled on the crucial due process questions.
But that doesn't mean that the justice department should proceed as if the due process clause didn't exist. Unless it can uncover clear and convincing evidence that Assange could reasonably foresee liability under American law, it should not give way to the passions of the moment and launch a criminal prosecution.
(CNN) -- An advisory panel of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave the green light Thursday to an emergency contraceptive for use up to five days after sex.
The Advisory Committee for Reproductive Health Drugs voted unanimously to recommend the drug, called ella.
The pill is intended for women who have had unprotected sex or for whom another method of contraception, such as a condom, failed.
Currently, there are no emergency contraception drugs available in the United States for use more than 72 hours after unprotected intercourse or failed contraception. The options available now -- Plan B, Plan B One Step and generic versions -- are available without a prescription to women 17 and older.
Two phase 3 clinical trials demonstrated that ella is effective and safe. One of the trials was done with women 18 and older in the United States; the other included women 16 and older in the United States, the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Researchers found that the pill was not as effective in heavier women, but the committee voted against a warning label on the drug for obese women, with a body mass index over 30.
The panel also advised against requiring women to have pregnancy testing before using the product.
Ella, manufactured by HRA Pharma, is a selective progesterone receptor modulator, meaning it binds to progesterone receptors in various tissues in the body. Progesterone is a hormone integral to the pregnancy process. This particular kind of drug has never before been approved as an emergency contraceptive.
The European Medicines Agency approved the marketing of this drug for use up to five days after sexual intercourse under the name ellaOne in May 2009.
Anti-abortion groups have criticized ellaOne, accusing it of being a means of obtaining an early abortion.
Concerned Women of America President Wendy Wright told the FDA advisory panel that ella is an abortion pill and that men could use it to exploit women by slipping it to their unknowing partners.
A group of 20 women's health organizations, including the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, wrote a letter to the panel backing the drug, citing the roughly 3.1 million unintended pregnancies each year in the U.S.
"We do not believe technology holds all the answers, but having two types of safe and effective emergency contraception will increase the likelihood that a woman can access a product that works for her situation," the letter said.
The FDA often takes the advisory panel's recommendations but does not have an obligation to do so.
A family of five heading on a camping trip was stopped at gunpoint and handcuffed Friday on the 405 Freeway by L.A. officers who thought their minivan was a stolen vehicle.
Officers in a half-dozen police cruisers surrounded the minivan shortly after 6 a.m. Friday as a man in shorts and a T-shirt got out and was forced to lay spread-eagle on the freeway. The stop was carried live on KTLA.
Next, a woman in the passenger seat got out. Three others were then seen climbing out of the minivan, which had camping gear tied to the roof and a cooler in the rear cargo area.
All five were briefly taken into custody on the northbound freeway just past Rinaldi Street. They were quickly released when it became clear the van was not the stolen vehicle police were seeking, said LAPD Capt. Matt Blake.
***UPDATED February 5th, 10:20PM***
Michael Phelps was suspended from competition for three months by USA Swimming in the wake of the photo that showed the Olympic record-setting champion inhaling from a marijuana pipe.
The Associated Press reports:
The sport's national governing body also cut off its financial support to Phelps for the same three-month period, effective Thursday. "This is not a situation where any anti-doping rule was violated, but we decided to send a strong message to Michael because he disappointed so many people, particularly the hundreds of thousands of USA Swimming member kids who look up to him as a role model and a hero," the Colorado Springs-based federation said in a statement.
***UPDATED February 5th, 5:20PM***
In an interview with a Baltimore TV station Thursday Phelps was asked about rumors that he would not compete in the 2012 Olympics in London. He avoided giving a clear answer, saying only that it would be "good to get back in the water."
<2--313--hh>2--313--hh>
In another TV interview Phelps was asked if he had "stopped all drugs now" to which he repeated his claim that he doesn't routinely take drugs, pointing out that he is drug tested all the time.
***UPDATED February 5th, 4:00PM*** Extra interviews Phelps and the Olympian firmly denies that he takes drugs, suggesting that the notorious photo of him smoking from a bong was a one-time lapse of judgment:
"Extra" has obtained an interview with Michael Phelps and the swimming phenomenon states, "I don't take drugs. I get drug tested all the time. You look at the records and you can see."
Phelps says it's in difficult times like these that you find out who your true supporters are.
***UPDATED February 3rd, 5:47PM***
HuffPost's Marcus Baram reports: If Michael Phelps is arrested, it would be a rarity in the recent history of drug prosecutions in Richland County, South Carolina.
Doug Strickland, the head of the Richland County Public Defender's office, told Huffington Post that in his 21 years as a public defender, he could not recall a case where someone was criminally charged with drug possession based on photographic evidence and an admission of non-specific wrongdoing.
"I cannot think of an instance where it's happened," said Strickland, pointing out that Phelps has not even confessed to possessing mariiuana, simply acknowledging "regrettable" behavior and "bad judgment."
"You have to prove that he possessed it and a photograph is not enough - If you wanted to press the issue, he could go out and locate who was there and squeeze them. That's a lot of effort for a misdemeanor that carries a fine of 30 days in jail or $500."
Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott, who is known for a tough stance on drugs, rose through the ranks soon after the TV series "Miami Vice" hit the airwaves.
And he played the part, reports the Associated Press, wearing stylish suits and driving a Porsche.
***UPDATED February 3rd, 9:05AM*** Michael Phelps has so far emerged unscathed from the controversy created by the photo showing him smoking from a bong, with his sponsors still standing behind him. However, he still could face criminal charges if it's determined that he was smoking marijuana, which shouldn't be too difficult considering there's a photo and Phelps has already confessed:
Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott says he will charge Michael Phelps with a crime if he determines the Olympics hero smoked marijuana in Richland County... ...Possession of marijuana is a misdemeanor, punishable by up to 30 days in jail or a $570 fine, plus court costs. But Lott seems to be the only person talking about making a case against Phelps. Both the USC and Columbia Police Departments said they would not pursue charges.
***UPDATED February 1st, 1:30PM*** Michael Phelps has acknowledged that the photo showing him smoking marijuana from a bong is real. He released this statement:
I engaged in behavior which was regrettable and demonstrated bad judgment. I'm 23 years old and despite the successes I've had in the pool, I acted in a youthful and inappropriate way, not in a manner people have come to expect from me. For this, I am sorry. I promise my fans and the public it will not happen again.
EARLIER: Olympic Champion Michael Phelps, who vaulted to international stardom during the 2008 Summer Olympics by winning a record eight gold medals in swimming, has been caught in a very compromising position, according to a report by the British paper News of the World.
The paper has a photo of Phelps smoking from a bong, a water pipe normally used for smoking marijuana. (View the photo here.) The alleged photo was taken at the University of South Carolina in Columbia, where Phelps was visiting a female student who he was secretly seeing. The paper's anonymous source relates that Phelps partied hard each night he was there, which is not out of keeping with other reports of the Olympian since his swimming triumphs.
News of the World also makes the very provocative claim that people representing Phelps tried to snuff out the story and offered the paper extraordinary incentives not to publish.
THIS Harp Seal pup is a natural in front of the camera and is melting hearts with its adorable grin.
Wildlife photographer, Keren Su, crawled across the ice on his stomach to snap this beaming face.
Mr Su, 60, travelled by helicopter to the remote Iles de la Madeleine in East Canada to spend time with the seals.
"I was only allowed a limited time with the seals and in order to get the pictures I wanted I had to crawl on the ice so the pups wouldn't be afraid of a huge stranger," he said.
"After they had gotten used to my smell I could get closer and closer until my camera was right in front of them.
"When they became relaxed they would behave in the cutest ways imaginable."
Harp Seal pups only stay white for a short window of 10 days.
Harp seals, including puppies that are 14 days old or older, are slaughtered annually in a commercial hunt sponsored by the Canadian government, which has drawn intense criticism over claims of unnecessary cruelty. Organisations like IFAW are campaigning to have the hunt stopped entirely.
Mr Su has dedicated years to taking the ideal picture and his most recent work also includes snapping Emperor penguins in its natural habitat of Antarctica.
Cute and cuddly: Penguin cuddles toy
Elementalist Lux Cosplay Showcase
"Do you believe in magic?"
-Mystic Lux
Cosplayer: Alodia Gosiengfiao / Photographer: Jionor Verona / Country/Region: Philippines
"The light will find you"
- Light Lux
Cosplayer: Setsuna from HAGANE Cosplay / Country/Region: Turkey
Cosplayer:å°åœ†è„¸é›ªé›ª / Country/Region: China (CN)
Cosplayer: [Catroulette] / Photographer: [SFXImages] / Country: [Oceania]
Cosplayer: [Anne Clara Priscille] / Photographer: [Hazmi Iskandar] / Country: [Indonesia]
"Ready to get burned?"
- Fire Lux
Cosplayer: Susana Cosplay / Photographer: Booki / Country/Region: Latin America South
"Still waters run deep"
- Water Lux
Cosplayer: Ribbons Cosplay / Photographer: Catberry Photography / Country/Region: United Kingdom
"Throw caution to the wind"
- Air Lux
Cosplayer: Angela Bermúdez / Photographer: Andrés Herrera / Country/Region: Costa Rica
"We are all roots of a single tree"
-Nature Lux
Cosplayer: [Alishiera Cosplay] / Photographer: [SFXImages] / Country: [Oceania]
"Magma is the earth's blood"
- Magma Lux
Cosplayer: Gorvenna.the Siren å¤è–°å¨œ / Photographer: å€©å½± / Country/Region: Hong Kong
"Dark clouds on the horizon"
- Storm Lux
Cosplayer: Danielle Beaulieu / Photographer: Nick Poulos / Country/Region: North America
"Winter is coming"
- Ice Lux
Cosplayer: [AZA (2AO)] / Photographer: [HYUNG AH] / Country: [KR]
"Everyone has a dark side"
- Dark Lux
Cosplayer: Mirai from HAGANE Cosplay / Country/Region: Turkey
Cosplayer: Onnies / Photographer: ButterFile Artist / Country/Region: Thailand
Some people are getting pretty excited about Steve Mason's hot start. He's been good, especially last night against the Rangers, and that's fun. But before you get ready to lock in with him as the goalie of the future, let's take a look at how things got started the last dozen times the Flyers tried out a new goalie (minimum two games):
Goalie Year Record GAA Save percentage Mason 2013 1-2 1.8 .941 Bryzgalov '11-12 3-0 1.7 .940 Bobrovsky '10-11 2-0 2.0 .931 Leighton '09-10 4-1 1.7 .943 Boucher '09-10 2-3 1.8 .930 Emery '09-10 3-0 2.3 .922 Leighton '06-07 2-0 2.0 .933 Biron '06-07 3-1-1 2.5 .928 Niittymaki '03-04 3-0 1.0 .961 Hackett '03-04 2-0-1 1.3 .940 Burke '03-04 2-0 1.5 .945 Esche '02-03 3-0 1.7 .926
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me eleven times, won't get fooled again.
This start is nice and all, but I still dream of a day when fans will look at more than a handful of games when judging players.
Like many new publications it has a vivid mix: news, features, celebrity opinion pieces and a smart digital-era commitment to interactivity – keeping in close touch with the readers. But for the casual browser of the internet, al-Qaida's new English-language online magazine may prove a step or two beyond the pale.
Entitled Inspire, and designed for aspiring jihadis who cannot read Arabic, it offers tips on bomb-making and encryption for beginners as well as heavyweight Qur'anic commentary and crude propaganda.
Inspire appears to be the brainchild of Anwar al-Awlaki, a fugitive US-born radical preacher and key figure in al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (Aqap), based in Yemen's remote tribal areas – and suggests a drive to recruit terrorists.
But the launch of its summer 2010 edition has so far been troubled. It advertised an article by Awlaki – "May our souls be sacrificed for you" – that failed to appear, as did all but the first three pages of the entire 67-page magazine. The rest of a PDF file posted on friendly websites showed only garbled computer code.
Other missing items, according to the contents index, included a "detailed, yet short, easy-to-read manual" entitled "Make a Bomb in the Kitchen of Your Mom", wittily bylined "the AQ chef". Another article, by "terrrorist", was about "sending and receiving encrypted messages". Nor was there a promised "exclusive interview" with Sheikh Abu Basir, aka Nasser al-Wahayshi, Aqap's leader.
Outside talent should have been represented by an Osama bin Laden piece on "The Way to Save the Earth" and a "Message to the People of Yemen" by his Egyptian deputy, Ayman al-Zawahiri.
Inspire's partial appearance prompted suspicion in the jihadi community. Al-Qimmah, a website linked to the al-Qaida-affiliated al-Shabab movement in Somalia, warned anyone who saw the magazine to delete it — without explanation.
It also alerted readers that al-Falluja, a popular jihadi forum, had been taken over – an apparent reference to cyber-manipulation by hostile intelligence services. Inspire's problems could well have been caused by deliberate disruption such as infecting it with a virus.
Inspire looks similar to Aqap's slick Arabic-language webzine Sada al-Malahim (Echoes of Epic Battles) – and is also published by Malahim Media. It is subtitled: "Inspire the Believers". Its authenticity could not be confirmed, but it was not being treated as a spoof by experts.
It appears to have taken on board cutting-edge thinking about the media, urging readers to submit articles, comments and suggestions. "It is our intent for this magazine to be a platform to present the important issues facing the ummah [Islamic nation] today to the wide and dispersed English-speaking Muslim readership," its unnamed editor promised.
Inspire promotes itself as "the first magazine to be issued by the al-Qaida organisation in the English language", although Jihadi Recollections, published in the US last year, was a polished effort.
Awlaki, famous for his online sermons and video messages to Americans – in fluent English – is an official target for assassination by the US government because of his links to Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, the Nigerian "underpants bomber" charged with an attack on a Dutch airliner over Detroit last Christmas Day, and to the Times Square bomber, Faisal Shahzad.
Other foreigners are said to have joined Aqap after studying Arabic in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a.
"This magazine is clearly intended for the aspiring jihadist in the US or UK who may be the next Fort Hood murderer or Times Square bomber," said Bruce Riedel, a former CIA officer now with the Brookings Institution in Washington.
Yemen expert Gregory Johnsen said: "The idea is that Aqap can reach, influence and inspire other like-minded individuals in the west. No longer do these individuals need to travel to Yemen or read Arabic in order to take instructions from Aqap. Now they can just download and read the magazine in English."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
You've probably seen the ads. Ominous voice-overs warn you about how health care reform “could put a bureaucrat in charge of your medical decisions, not you.” A massive bulldozer with “government-run insurance plan” written on the side crushes your health care “choices.” Canadians and Britons relay horror stories of their experiences dealing with health care in those nightmarish socialist dystopias.
The ads are the product of a multimillion-dollar ad campaign designed to derail health care reform—especially what's been dubbed the “public option,” which would set up a government-run plan to compete with private insurers. The man behind this ad blitz is the person who might be Public Option Enemy No. 1: one-time hospital executive and longtime Republican donor Richard Scott.
Back in March, Scott spent $5 million of his own money to set up a nonprofit called Conservative for Patients' Rights. The group aims to be the command center for the right's fight against Democratic reform efforts. With the major interest groups—including hospital companies, pharmaceutical companies, and doctors—that have opposed reform in the past holding their fire this year in order to have a seat at the legislative table, Scott's group has filled the anti-reform void. According to an estimate reported by the Associated Press, around $15 million has already been spent on ads favoring the Democrats' plan, and $4 million has been spent to oppose it. Much of that $4 million has come from Scott and CPR, and he's claimed his group will spend as much as $20 million.
Scott isn't foolish enough to say he opposes reform outright. Instead, his group says it wants to promote health care reform that focuses on “choice” (of doctors), “competition” (between private insurers), “accountability” (standardized insurance claim forms and tax reform), and “personal responsibility” (of patients).
Not everyone thinks that's real change.
“What Rick Scott is doing is talking about protecting the status quo, which is bankrupting businesses and bankrupting families,” says Peter Harbage, a fellow at the Center for American Progress, which supports the public option. With so many groups—from the hospital industry to the pharmaceutical industry to Wal-Mart—coming together in support of reform, “it's disappointing that [Scott] doesn't want to be a constructive part of the conversation,” Harbage says.
Rep. Jerry Nadler, a New York Democrat, was more blunt: “Rick Scott pushing health care reform is like Bernie Madoff attempting to regulate the financial industry,” he told Mother Jones.
Scott certainly is an odd spokesman for the right's health care agenda. The giant hospital company Scott led in the 1980s and 1990s, Columbia/HCA, was the subject of a seven-year federal investigation. The probe concluded with the company pleading guilty to 14 felony counts of criminal misconduct and paying $1.7 billion to settle civil charges relating to overbilling of state and federal governments—the largest settlement of its kind in American history. Scott, claiming ignorance of what was going on, was booted by his own board in 1997 and received a $10 million golden parachute with $300 million in stock options for his troubles.
Scott says that his critique of the public option is predicated on his detailed knowledge of the health care industry. But Stephen Meagher, a lawyer who handled some of the first suits against HCA, points out that Scott's expertise is not a straightforward matter. “He says, ‘I was never accused of any wrongdoing,' which is technically correct—but his company was accused of tremendous wrongdoing,” Meagher says. “He claims vast experience” in the health care field “but no knowledge of his own company.”
Scott doesn't seem eager to remind visitors to CPR's website of his past. Not surprisingly, the “Fast Facts about Richard L. Scott” section contains no mention of the HCA fraud scandal, though it does highlight the fact that HCA “became the world's largest private health care provider” and was named “one of the 50 best performing companies of the S&P 500” by BusinessWeek. The bio does mention Scott's current venture, a company called Solantic, which “provides urgent care services, immunizations and other services at 23 locations”—including some in Wal-Mart stores—”across Florida.” What it doesn't explain is that Solantic makes a lot of its money by catering to the uninsured—giving Scott a direct financial interest in preventing the expansion of health insurance to all Americans.
Eric Burns, the president of liberal media watchdog Media Matters for America, says Scott's advocacy is having an impact. “Scott is spending an enormous amount of money to influence the debate over health care reform. He's essentially cornered the market on providing false and misleading information on the health care reform debate.” Some of Scott's ads focus on nightmarish tales of government-run health care in places like Canada and Britain, but President Obama hasn't proposed going to a Canadian-style single-payer system. And it is not just Media Matters that has criticized the ads—the Annenberg Center's FactCheck.org also found the group's ad “very misleading.”
To disseminate its message, CPR has hired the same public relations company that handled the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth. The firm, CRC Public Relations, did not respond to questions for Scott submitted by Mother Jones. But Burns says CPR's ties to CRC are no coincidence. “CPR is essentially the conservative Swift Boat operation for the health care reform debate,” Burns says.
The media have certainly aided Scott's efforts to dodge his history and his conflicts of interest. CNN and Fox News, among others, have interviewed Scott without questioning him about HCA or his new company's dependence on the uninsured.
Jacki Schechner, a spokeswoman for Health Care for America Now, which supports the public option, says Scott is a “nuisance,” but not an obstacle. “He has a long and sordid history,” she says, adding that his past may actually help pro-public-option advocates. “For us he's a great face of opposition because he's such a shady guy.”
CPR talks up “competition,” but it's opposed to forcing private insurers to compete with a government-run plan. That could be because government-run insurance in other countries has proven to be vastly cheaper and often better than the system of private insurance America relies on. In the US, there are efficiently run public health care plans: Medicare's administrative costs are a fraction of those of the private plans, and Veterans Affairs provides some of the most effective health care in the world to a population that is older and sicker than the general public, Meagher argues. “It's kind of difficult for me to believe someone who is so ideologically committed to competition and is at the same time worried about competition from a public program,” he says.
It's all about protecting the health care industry's bottom line, says Nadler. “Scott and his ilk are dead wrong in their opposition to the public option and are particularly suspect in their motivations. The health care industry doesn't see kids with colds; they see dollar signs.”
Scott may be fighting a losing battle. Most polls show that the public option is very popular, and this week Sen. Harry Reid, the majority leader, encouraged Sen. Max Baucus to stop seeking GOP votes on the health care legislation he's writing and move forward with a bill with a public option. The writing's on the wall, says Roger Hickey, the codirector of the Campaign for America's Future.
“The public loves the idea that if we get reform, it's not just going to be the Rick Scotts of the world that control the health care system,” Hickey says. “It turns out the public loves what he's trying to vilify.”
BioWare
I wasn't going to write anything about Mass Effect 3 and the Not-So-Great Ending backlash. I really wasn't. You're probably as sick of reading about it as I am. What's more, I've been less-than-enthralled with the Mass Effect games. Saying crass things about BioWare's beloved sci-fi opera and defending the way they ended it? I must be suicidal.
But then I read that the Better Business Bureau was looking to get involved. Or already is, weighing in on whether BioWare “misled” consumers about the ending. And so I'm compelled to say something, because I think fans — and now a consumer watchdog group — are taking things a space-time bridge too far.
If you're just joining us, a bunch of Mass Effect fans — precise numbers unknown, so maybe lots, or just a vocal minority — have been up in arms about the way BioWare ended Mass Effect 3, the big trilogy finale that launched on March 6, 2012. The specific reasons why vary, depending on who you talk to, but range from complaints about the number of alternative wrap-ups (“too few”) and the narrative depth of the existing ones (“too superficial”) to the tenor of the ending (minor spoiler ahead — “too bleak”). Poke around and you'll find online petitions and Facebook pages demanding “better” or “happier” endings.
(MORE: Bioware to Extend ‘Mass Effect 3' Ending, Pacify the Mob)
That culminated in BioWare sort of capitulating and promising a freely downlodable “extended cut” for the game sometime this summer that it says will offer “a more fleshed out experience for our fans.” But while BioWare promises the DLC “will offer extended scenes that provide additional context and deeper insight to the conclusion of Commander Shepard's journey,” they're clear that “no further ending DLC is planned.” You'll get more context from the DLC, in other words, but Mass Effect 3‘s endings will stand as-is. The company adds that it “strongly believes in the team's artistic vision for the end of this arc of the Mass Effect franchise.”
Obviously that's not going to placate the most zealous of Mass Effect 3‘s detractors, but that's to be expected. What I wasn't expecting: to find the Better Business Bureau weighing in on Tuesday, arguing that the game's advertising doesn't add up.
“Consider this,” writes Marjorie Stephens, communications director for the BBB of Northern Indiana. “If you had purchased a game for $59.99 or $79.99 for the digital download version and were told that you had complete control over the game's outcome by the choices your character made and then actually had no control over the game's outcome, wouldn't you be disappointed?!”
Well yes, I suppose most people would. But as Stephens herself admits, that's not exactly what BioWare promised. On the official Mass Effect website, under “About,” the company entreats players to “experience the beginning, middle, and end of an emotional story unlike any other, where the decisions you make completely shape your experience and outcome.”
The key words here are “completely,” “experience” and “outcome.” If you read that strictly, as Stephens does, you might walk away thinking Mass Effect 3 offers a limitless number of endings. But I think most gamers are savvy enough, both about the Mass Effect series and the way games like this work in general, to know BioWare was talking about the overall experience, and “outcome” not in terms of the game's final 15 or 30 minutes — is that even describable as the “outcome,” as if the game were just a mammoth math equation? The problem word is “completely,” which is just marketing hyperbole and rightly scorned, but I wouldn't go so far as to call it false advertising.
(MORE: Why Mass Effect 3′s Multiplayer Doesn't Bother Me)
Mass Effect always felt more like a play-along novel than a roleplaying game to me, an adventure game punctuated by combat and ability-tweaking, where you mostly listen and watch between action or exploration sequences. It has far more in common with a “Choose Your Own Adventure” book than, say, games like Skyrim or Grand Theft Auto. And like a “Choose Your Own Adventure” book, it has limited outcomes. You can't tell as on-rails a story as BioWare does in the Mass Effect games and still deliver a please-all wrap-up. There's just no way. People were bound to be disappointed. This is mostly Bioware's story, after all. Choosing to save this person or that one, picking friendlier conversational phrases over dictatorial ones — that stuff's there to help color between the lines, but in the end, those lines are drawn. We're all (spoilers ahead) joining the Spectres, fighting Saren, getting our prize ship pulverized, dying, coming back as kind-of-cyborgs, joining a nefarious shadow organization, rounding up a posse and taking the fight to an intergalactic menace. Mass Effect is in that sense more a story-telling than a role-playing game. Or someone else's dinner party: You can pick which utensils to use and maybe choose whether to have your salad before or with the main entree and coffee before or with dessert, but in the end, everyone's having the same thing.
Sometimes endings go wrong. Sometimes people love bad ones. And sometimes they hate great ones. While I love the way much of the novel Under the Dome's written, I can't get past the Twilight Zone-style zinger Stephen King drops in the wrap-up. Like many, I was seriously bummed about Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse's sentimental Lost series finale. And I mostly enjoyed Vincent Ward's What Dreams May Come until…yep, the ultra-schmaltzy ending. But never once did I feel my creative distaste, my “I would have done it this way, or maybe this other way,” could be righted by demanding and receiving a ret-con (or worse, a crowd-sourced one). Who's to say my ideas for those endings would have been better ones?
Storytelling run through a crowd-sourced blender too often looks like Easy-Cheese. It's simple math, the law of averages. The best endings are more often the controversial outlier ones. I'm not saying that's true of the way BioWare ended Mass Effect 3, but I'm also not saying it isn't. All I am saying, is that demanding storytellers change endings is wrongheaded. We don't have to like them or say nice things about them. We may even write elaborate critiques. But handing creators a list of demands, requiring that they deliver a certain number of endings, some of them happy, etc. only diminishes what storytellers do. And the question we're left to answer, really, is: How much satisfaction did we derive from playing the game before the curtain finally fell?
I'd like to leave you with this, from the coda to Stephen King's The Dark Tower, a series that itself elicited both praise and scorn for the way King chose to wrap things up after seven books and a readership that followed the tale for decades. I think it gets to the heart of what's at stake here.
I've told my tale all the way to to the end … I can stop now … Yet some of you … are likely not so willing. You are the grim, goal-oriented ones who will not believe that the joy is in the journey rather than the destination no matter how many times it has been proven to you … I hope most of you know better. Want better. I hope you came to hear the tale, and not just munch your way through… An ending is a closed door no man … can open. I've written many, but most only for the same reason that I pull on my pants in the morning before leaving the bedroom — because it is the custom of the country … There is no such thing as a happy ending. I never met a single one to equal “Once upon a time.” Endings are heartless. Ending is just another word for goodbye.
MORE: Mass Effect 3 Review Roundup: Pleasing Even the Usual Critics
It is astonishing to learn that at least 46 U.S. senators and 188 congressional representatives (all Democrats) are either unaware of or completely indifferent to the reality that tribal governments have no legal duty whatsoever to the American voter. That's how many senators and representatives have signed on as co-sponsors to twin versions of the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2017, designated in the Senate as S. 1419 and the House as H.R. 2978. The stated purpose of these identical bills is as follows:
“A representative official of an Indian tribe, with authorization from the governing body of the tribe, may request one or more polling places to be located on the Indian lands of the Indian tribe. Such request shall be delivered in writing to the State or political subdivision with responsibility for assigning polling places at least 6 months prior to the next election for which the request is made, and shall specify the location of each requested polling place.”
Here are just a few problems with these bills, S. 1419 and H.R. 2978:
1. Precincts are supposed to be for local voters of all ethnicities.
2. County and municipal polling precincts are supposed to be subject to the strict election regulations, oversight and enforcement of their respective secretaries of state across the country.
3. Yet, secretaries of state have no regulatory or enforcement authority over polling sites located on federal Indian trust lands.
4. A majority of Indian reservations are located in very urbanized areas that include multiple counties, cities and towns, all fully equipped to handle federal, state, county and local elections.
5. Tribal governments that fail or refuse to follow federal and state election laws are protected by “sovereign immunity” and cannot be sued; there's no legal remedy for misconduct at private tribal polling places on federal trust land.
But here's the deal that is so attractive to the “coin-operated” congressmen sponsoring these bills: Tribal governments are the only American governments that can freely and directly make campaign contributions to incumbents or candidates willing to do their bidding. (See FEC Advisory Opinion 2000-05.) No other American governments may do so. Tribal governments are not held to the same reporting accountability for election contributions as other entities and individuals. These bills set up a spurious system available to 567 tribal governments on over 340 reservations across the country.
So 46 senators and 188 congressmen see the sweet deal. They reap the tribal money and now plan to conflate the tribal vote across the country. The model for this atrocious bill occurred in 2006 in Montana. The Crow Tribe and ACLU sued the State of Montana for the lack of polling precincts convenient to their members, and won. Then the Crow Tribe published full-page ads in area newspapers announcing a full slate of tribal candidates, announcing that the Crow Tribe would take over Big Horn County government. And they did. Today all elected offices of Big Horn County government, and 95 percent of county employees are enrolled Crow Tribal members making county land use and taxation decisions, from which they are exempt. Tribal members elected to county positions are making land use and taxation decisions that affect the non-tribal Big Horn county residents; such decisions are likely in the best interest of the tribal government and not the county government they serve.
How did they do that? Easy. Polling precincts were placed on federal trust land; multiple new tribal enrollment cards were issued to members; feasts were held, transportation provided, voting lists provided to each tribal voter, and members voted at one or more of the polling precincts on the Crow Reservation. This is exactly how Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.; shown) was able to start serving in the U.S. Senate in 2007, and to give the other 48 Democratic Senators and the two independents who caucused with them just enough representation to exercise majority control of the Senate.
A national organization and local Big Horn County residents saw this travesty coming, contacted the Montana U.S. attorney, secretary of state and anyone else who would listen, before the election, during the election, and after the election, but to no avail. Ballot boxes were not locked at tribal polling precincts; non-tribal poll watchers were not allowed; the ballot boxes carried by the sheriff (a Crow tribal member) were transported to the Big Horn County Recorder (a Crow tribal member) late at night — and behold, Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate Jon Tester squeaked by incumbent Senator Conrad Burns for a very specious and questionable “win.”
A Complaint was filed in federal district court in Billings, Montana (Case CV07-74-BLG-RFC Amended). Legal counsel defending the Crow Tribe, Big Horn County, and the State of Montana was Stephen Bullock; recognize the name? Steve Bullock got the case dismissed with condescending tone and innuendos that the plaintiffs were discriminating racists, so the case was never heard on its merits. Unfortunately, plaintiffs could not fund an appeal to seek a hearing on the merits of the case. With polling precincts on federal trust property getting a judicial pass from a federal court, the game was set. Bullock was rewarded by this same process with his election as attorney general for Montana in 2009, and now enjoys his second term as governor of Montana. Montana's Executive Branch and State Legislature are overwhelmingly influenced by tribal money and votes.
With the success of so many coin-operated elected officials in Montana, supplemental polling precincts on Indian land that are unaccountable to State or Federal election codes are now being promoted en masse across the country by Democrats in the Senate and the House.
It is imperative that S. 1419 and H.R. 2978 be soundly defeated. Election fraud is rampant across the country as it is. Imagine, just for example, what happens to a State like Washington with 31 tribes having abundant private tribal polling places that are unaffected by America's election laws.
Washington, California, Idaho, Oregon, Montana, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan, New York,and many other states would be deeply impacted by this legislation. All states hosting Indian reservations would experience a significant and unconstitutional shift in election practices and election outcomes, should these monster bills, S. 1419 and H.R. 2978 see daylight.
Photo of Sen. Jon Tester receiving war bonnet from Northern Cheyenne Tribe: AP Images
Elaine Willman is the author of Going to Pieces: The dismantling of the United States of America (2005) and Slumbering Thunder: A Primer for Confronting the Spread of Federal Indian Policy and Tribalism Overwhelming America (2016). Contact: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Related articles and videos:
Federal Indian Policy_ “Mom Always Liked YOU best!”
Warpath: Obama's Indian Policy Threatens All Americans, Both Tribal and Non-tribal Citizens
Oops! SPLC Exposes “Anti-Indian Movement” — Led by Indian
VIDEO: U.S. Indian Policy Used to Assault Freedom, Expert Says
VIDEO: Full Interview with Author Elaine Willman
Exploiting Indians
American Natives Ask UN to End U.S. “Occupation”
Exploiting Indians to Seize Land
Original article from NetLab (Netorabo) found here.
In recent years, the chance of seeing a woman's name rolling during the ending credits has been increasing. We decided to ask one of these animators for their thoughts on chief animation directors, airing issues, the difference in the quantity of work in the past versus now, and the state of the anime industry.
The one sitting with us today is the art director for Gundam Iron-Blooded Orphans Season 2 and The Basket which Kuroko Plays, as well as the chief animation director for popular titles such as Dance with Devils — Kotani Kyoko. From working on shows airing during prime time to many late-night anime, she is a well-versed animator.
Why do production schedules end up cutting it close?
— In 2016, it was brought to everyone's attention that there was a fair number of anime that were close to not airing.
Kotani: That's right. A lot of animators came together to address the airing issue.
— Why is it that the production schedule almost doesn't make it?
Kotani: A lot of anime are produced on a very tight schedule, if one place gets clogged up, it delays the schedule of everything else. With that, the time needed to draw crucial scenes is cut, the air date draws closer, and the prospect of making it in time pulls further away.
— Is this a new thing?
Kotani: No, for who-knows-how-long, anime has been delivered the day before or the day of airing. I think there are even some production companies where cutting it close is the norm.
— Where does production often come to a stop?
Kotani: There are times when the director's storyboards are late, but it's a case-by-case situation. For example, if the character designer doesn't receive the “Ok” from the client, it's not possible to proceed to the drawing phase.
— What reason could a client have for not giving the “OK?” Is there a big change in design between the original art and the anime version?
Kotani: Not really, no. A character designer usually thinks about what is most effective for an anime version, however, if that isn't adequately conveyed to the client then the amount of revisions increases.
— What do you mean by most effective for an anime version?
Kotani: For example, the lines used to show a character's expression might be less in the anime than the original. The client might want a replication of their original work, but the number of drawings in a manga or game differs from the amount required for a anime, so it's difficult.
— What happens if the character design step takes time?
Kotani: If the character design isn't decided then it cut into the animation drawing time and ultimately puts a press on animation time. When we can finally start drawing, it's like a lottery as to which animators are available.
— I guess the schedule can run late for those reasons, too. What do you think is the cause behind anime production running on tight schedules?
Kotani: There are many reasons why, but I feel like chief animation directors get congested with work often. I've been the chief animator director before, and it's distressing…
— Specifically speaking, what kind of things occur?
Kotani: A chief animation director has to look over every cut, and point out any revisions that need to be made, especially pertaining to characters. But, sometimes the production company or director have the cuts set to their way from the start, or only the certain body parts and small objects have been added to the cuts and still have to be checked. For anime, there will be a group 1 for episode one, group 2 for ep. two, and so on, with groups 5 and 6 working at the same time. A single chief animation director would have to check each and ever cut the teams bring in, and that would cause things to bottleneck.
— How do you continue work when things get bottlenecked?
Kotani: Obviously the episodes soon to air take precedence, meaning those behind it also get less time to be worked on.
— Do you get the impression that these airing issues are related to the increase in anime?
Kotani: It seems that way. I mean, I've only come to grasp the existence of airing compilations. The amount of anime is increasing, as well as the number of production companies, making everyone prone to being shorthanded, leading to the increase of shows that might not be aired in time.
— You mean staff numbers don't increase as more companies emerge?
Kotani: Most of the new companies are groups from existing companies going independent, or child companies, or even partnered companies. These companies are going up one after another, but new hires need time to cultivate their skills — increasing the amount of staff isn't easy. In order not to increase their numbers, they work to the bone, understaffed, on an unrealistically tight schedule.
— How do we prevent these anime airing issues?
Kotani: We increase the funding and people and decrease the amount of anime being created. Also, a bit of self-reflection. This is something that involves me but, once we had a schedule cut short and the production was a real mess for that anime. However, the staff took a good look at where they went wrong and were able to structure themselves to a successful second half.
— Why is there a significant amount of companies that need to reflect?
Kotani: Most likely, a lot of the staff in these companies have grown used to working in these bad conditions — with tight production schedules — and have experienced “success” by these methods. Good workers will remove themselves from the bad companies, leaving the remaining ones — who know nothing of working under good conditions.
— And that's why eventually there are issues with airing.
Kotani: Yes. Even if you weather the storm and stay where you are it, doesn't necessarily mean things will get better. In addition to production companies' extensive amount of airing shows, they are also preparing for new shows, leaving no room to reflect on how they worked.
The increase and efforts of female employees
— I heard that recently the number of female animators has grown.
Kotani: It depends on the work, but around me, there has been an increase in female animators. This isn't really connected to working but, the recent hires at production companies has been an 8:2, female to male ratio.
— What kind of background do these animators have?
Kotani: Despite being freelance, companies sometimes send me resumes to review. Women tend to prepare their portfolio for job searching, while many people think that men just throw their workaround without discretion. Production companies want to take in people who have a strong foundation, so naturally the ratio of women increases.
— Do you think there is a difference in what female animators and male animators specialize in?
Kotani: Being an animator isn't the kind of job that sides towards one gender or the other, however, on an individual level, people think men tend to slowly expand out of their specific field while women stick to the book and evenly distribute their knowledge.
— Is the anime industry easy to work in after getting married or having a child?
Kotani: Marriages are usually between animators, so there aren't any minuses. Women can also keep their maiden name as their pen name and continue with their work. The story changes when it comes to having a child.
— Can you elaborate?
Kotani: When both parents are animators, one of them has to take up raising the child. Of course, there are houses that start looking to enroll in nurseries and other procedures while they are pregnant. A lot of us animators work for ourselves, so there isn't any special help from the production companies.
— Is it difficult come back to the previous workload?
Kotani: Very difficult. Those around me have quit working as an animator and taken up clerical work, decreased the cuts they draw or work as anime magazine illustrators for copyrighted art.
— There are a lot of different jobs out there. Does the anime industry hold a male-dominated image?
Kotani: About until a decade ago it was called a male-oriented industry, but the number of female production assistants has increased, so I don't think you can call it a male-dominated industry anymore.
— What do you mean by the increase of female production assistants?
Kotani: Production assistant is an important job where the animator has to go and retrieve manuscripts, in the past heavy cels had to be carried around. Nowadays, cels aren't used, and the same amount of manual labor isn't necessary. Women can come forth from the background.
Be sure to check out part two!
Advertisements
With stopping power of over 5g, F1 brakes are amazing. They heat up to over 1000 degrees in a big stop, such as we will see in Montreal next week for the Canadian Grand Prix. That is one of the toughest circuits of the season for brakes.
The biggest stop in Canada is the final chicane where the cars will arrive at around 340km/h and brake to just 135km/h in 1.64 seconds, according to brake supplier Brembo. That's 5.4g of deceleration and the cars shed 205km/h in just 97m.
Equally amazing are the shapes that F1 teams are able to manufacture these days with carbon composite for brake ducts; as Paddy says in the video they are as much aerodynamic devices today as they are for cooling the brakes.
In the first of a short series of videos, Mercedes F1 technical boss Paddy Lowe takes us behind the scenes at the Mercedes factory and, using Lewis Hamilton's 2015 F1 world championship winning car as a base, explains the secrets of F1 brakes.
Paddy Lowe is one of the judges in this year's F1 Connectivity Innovation Prize, the crowdsourcing challenge. This year there are two challenges around Virtual Reality projects. The first challenge is live now - so get involved!
To find out more and to take part in the challenge go to the FCIP website
Rooney has scored five goals in 10 Premier Leagues matches this season
Manchester United skipper Wayne Rooney will have a scan on Wednesday to determine the damage to his injured knee, says boss Louis van Gaal.
Rooney, 29, missed Tuesday's 2-1 home win against Stoke after picking up the problem in the final moments of Saturday's victory against Hull.
"He will have a scan and then we will know more," said Van Gaal. "I hope the injury is not so serious."
He added that there is "more light in the tunnel" for United's injury list.
United have been hampered by injuries since Van Gaal replaced David Moyes in the summer, with the majority of his first-choice players missing matches at various stages of the season.
Argentina midfielder Angel Di Maria, England defender Luke Shaw and Netherlands midfielder Daley Blind were all sidelined for to Stoke win.
Manchester United players injured this season Goalkeeper: David De Gea Midfielders: Angel Di Maria, Juan Mata, Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Ashley Young, Ander Herrera, Antonio Valencia, Anderson, Marouane Fellaini, Jesse Lingard Defenders: Rafael, Luke Shaw, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo, Jonny Evans, Chris Smalling, Paddy McNair, Tom Thorpe Forwards: Radamel Falcao, Wayne Rooney, Robin van Persie, James Wilson
Asked if England forward Rooney was likely to recover in time for United's trip to Southampton on Monday, Van Gaal added: "I don't think so, but you never know."
The United boss also expects to be without Di Maria at St Mary's, where his fourth-placed side target their fifth-straight Premier League win.
United's 26-year-old record signing, who joined from Real Madrid for £59.7m in the summer, was substituted after just 13 minutes against Hull with a hamstring strain.
"Di Maria is not so serious, but he won't play against Southampton," said Van Gaal. "But we've got more players coming back and we can see a little more light in the tunnel."
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- The MTA has released photos of baby peregrine falcons that have hatched at the top of the Verrazano Bridge.
MTA photographer Patrick Cashin took all the photos of the fuzzy chicks, which also hatched on the Marine Parkway Bridge and the Throgs Neck Bridge.
MTA Bridges and Tunnels has been part of the state nesting program since 1983, when the peregrine falcon species began its resurgence after the use of pesticides like DDT scaled back the population. The species is currently on the state's endangered list.
The chicks are banded to help track the number of the species in the city, and identify them if they become sick or injured. Baby falcons will fly between the age of 39 and 49 days old.
The female falcon stays with the chicks initially, and the male brings food for them.
These predatory birds are known for their speed, reaching over 200 mph when diving after prey.
Peregrine falcons often nest on a cliff ledge or high atop a broken off tree. But those that dwell in urban settings like to nest atop bridges and high-rise buildings because they provide a good vantage point for city hunting -- where pigeons are the prey of choice.
If you have finished your course in Calculus and Differential Equations, you should head to your next milestone: the Integral Equations. This marathon series (planned to be of 6 or 8 parts) is dedicated to interactive learning of integral equations for the beginners —starting with just definitions and demos —and the pros— taking it to the heights of problem-solving. Comments and feedback are invited.
What is an Integral Equation?
An integral equation is an equation in which an unknown function appears under one or more integration signs. Any integral calculus statement like — $ y= \int_a^b \phi(x) dx$can be considered as an integral equation. If you noticed I have used two types of integration limits in above integral equations –their significance will be discussed later in the article.
A general type of integral equation, $ g(x) y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^\Box K(x, t) y(t) dt$ is called linear integral equation as only linear operations are performed in the equation. The one, which is not linear, is obviously called ‘Non-linear integral equation'. In this article, when you read ‘integral equation' understand it as ‘linear integral equation'.
In the general type of the linear equation
$ g(x) y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^\Box K(x, t) y(t) dt$ we have used a ‘box $ \Box$' to indicate the higher limit of the integration. Integral Equations can be of two types according to whether the box $ \Box$ (the upper limit) is a constant (b) or a variable (x).
First type of integral equations which involve constants as both the limits — are called Fredholm Type Integral equations. On the other hand, when one of the limits is a variable (x, the independent variable of which y, f and K are functions) , the integral equations are called Volterra's Integral Equations.
Thus $ g(x) y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^b K(x, t) y(t) dt$ is a Fredholm Integral Equation and $ g(x) y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^x K(x, t) y(t) dt$ is a Volterra Integral Equation.
In an integral equation, $ y$ is to be determined with $ g$, $ f$ and $ K$ being known and $ \lambda$ being a non-zero complex parameter. The function $ K (x,t)$ is called the ‘kernel' of the integral equation.
STRUCTURE OF AN INTEGRAL EQUATION
Types of Fredholm Integral Equations
As the general form of Fredholm Integral Equation is $ g(x) y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^b K(x, t) y(t) dt$, there may be following other types of it according to the values of $ g$ and $ f$ :
1. Fredholm Integral Equation of First Kind —when — $ g(x) = 0$
$ f(x) + \lambda \int_a^b K(x, t) y(t) dt=0$
2. Fredholm Integral Equation of Second Kind —when — $ g(x) =1$
$ y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^b K(x, t) y(t) dt$
3. Fredholm Integral Equation of Homogeneous Second Kind —when $ f(x)=0$
and $ g(x)=1$
$ y(x) = \lambda \int_a^b K(x, t) y(t) dt$
The general equation of Fredholm equation is also called Fredholm Equation of Third/Final kind, with $ f(x)
eq 0, 1
eq g(x)
eq 0$.
Types of Volterra Integral Equations
As the general form of Volterra Integral Equation is $ g(x) y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^x K(x, t) y(t) dt$, there may be following other types of it according to the values of $ g$ and $ f$ :
1. Volterra Integral Equation of First Kind —when — $ g(x) = 0$
$ f(x) + \lambda \int_a^x K(x, t) y(t) dt=0$
2. Volterra Integral Equation of Second Kind —when — $ g(x) =1$
$ y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^x K(x, t) y(t) dt$
3. Volterra Integral Equation of Homogeneous Second Kind —when $ f(x)=0$
and $ g(x)=1$
$ y(x) = \lambda \int_a^x K(x, t) y(t) dt$
The general equation of Volterra equation is also called Volterra Equation of Third/Final kind, with $ f(x)
eq 0, 1
eq g(x)
eq 0$.
Singular Integral equations
In the general Fredholm/Volterra Integral equations, there arise two singular situations:
the limit $ a \to -\infty$ and $ \Box \to \infty$.
the kernel $ K(x,t) = \pm \infty$ at some points in the integration limit $ [a, \Box]$.
then such integral equations are called Singular (Linear) Integral Equations.
Type-1: $ a \to -\infty$ and $ \Box \to \infty$
General Form: $ g(x) y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_{-\infty}^{\infty} K(x, t) y(t) dt$
Example: $ y(x) = 3x^2 + \lambda \int_{-\infty}^{\infty} e^{-|x-t|} y(t) dt$
Type-2: $ K(x,t) = \pm \infty$ at some points in the integration limit $ [a, \Box]$
Example: $ y(x) = f(x) + \int_0^x \dfrac{1}{(x-t)^n} y(t)$ is a singular integral equation as the integrand reaches to $ \infty$ at $ t=x$.
The nature of solution of integral equations solely depends on the nature of the Kernel of the integral equation. Kernels are of following special types:
Symmetric Kernel : When the kernel $ K(x,t)$ is symmetric or complex symmetric or Hermitian, if
$ K(x,t)= \bar{K}(t,x)$ . Here bar $ \bar{K}(t,x)$ denotes the complex conjugate of $ K(t,x)$. That's if there is no imaginary part of the kernel then $ K(x, t) = K(t, x)$ implies that $ K$ is a symmetric kernel.
For example $ K(x,t)= \sin (x+t)$ is symmetric kernel. Separable or Degenerate Kernel: A kernel $ K(x,t)$ is called separable if it can be expressed as the sum of a finite number of terms, each of which is the product of ‘a function' of x only and ‘a function' of t only, i.e., $ K(x,t)= \displaystyle{\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}} \phi_i (x) \psi_i (t)$ Difference Kernel: When $ K(x,t) = K(x-t)$, the kernel is called difference kernel. Resolvent or Reciprocal Kernel: The solution of the integral equation $ y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^\Box K(x, t) y(t) dt$ is of the form $ y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^\Box \mathfrak{R}(x, t;\lambda) f(t) dt$. The kernel $ \mathfrak{R}(x, t;\lambda)$ of the solution is called resolvent or reciprocal kernel.
Integral Equations of Convolution Type
The integral equation $ g(x) y(x) = f(x) + \lambda \int_a^\Box K(x, t) y(t) dt$ is called of convolution type when the kernel $ K(x,t)$ is difference kernel, i.e., $ K(x,t) = K(x-t)$.
Let $ y_1(x)$ and $ y_2(x)$ be two continuous functions defined for $ x \in E \subseteq\mathbb{R}$ then the convolution of $ y_1$ and $ y_2$ is given by $ y_1 * y_2 = \int_E y_1 (x-t) y_2(t) dt = \int_E y_2 (x-t) y_1(t) dt$. For standard convolution, the limits are $ -\infty$ and $ \infty$.
Eigenvalues and Eigenfunctions of the Integral Equations
The homogeneous integral equation $ y(x) = \lambda \int_a^\Box K(x, t) y(t) dt$ has the obvious solution $ y(x)=0$ which is called the zero solution or the trivial solution of the integral equation. Except this, the values of $ \lambda$ for which the integral equation has non-zero solution $ y(x)
eq 0$ , are called the eigenvalues of integral equation or eigenvalues of the kernel. Every non-zero solution $ y(x)
eq 0$ is called an eigenfunction corresponding to the obtained eigenvalue $ \lambda$.
Note that $ \lambda
eq 0$
If $ y(x)$ an eigenfunction corresponding to eigenvalue $ \lambda$ then $ c \cdot y(x)$ is also an eigenfunction corresponding to $ \lambda$
.
Leibnitz Rule of Differentiation under integral sign
Let $ F(x,t)$ and $ \dfrac{\partial F}{\partial x}$ be continuous functions of both x and t and let the first derivatives of $ G(x)$ and $ H(x)$ are also continuous, then
$ \dfrac{d}{dx} \displaystyle {\int_{G(x)}^{H(x)}} F(x,t) dt = \displaystyle {\int_{G(x)}^{H(x)}}\dfrac{\partial F}{\partial x} dt + F(x, H(x)) \dfrac{dH}{dx} – F(x, G(x)) \dfrac{dG}{dx}$.
This formula is called Leibnitz's Rule of differentiation under integration sign. In a special case, when G(x) and H(x) both are absolute (constants) –let $ G(x) =a$, $ H(x)=b \iff dG/dx =0=dH/dx$
–then
$ \dfrac{d}{dx} \displaystyle {\int_a^b} F(x,t) dt = \displaystyle {\int_a^b}\dfrac{\partial F}{\partial x} dt$
Changing Integral Equation with Multiple integral into standard simple integral
(Multiple Integral Into Simple Integral — The magical formula)
The integral of order n is given by $ \displaystyle{\int_{\Delta}^{\Box}} f(x) dx^n$
We can prove that $ \displaystyle{\int_{a}^{t}} f(x) dx^n = \displaystyle{\int_{a}^{t}} \dfrac{(t-x)^{n-1}}{(n-1)!} f(x) dx$
Example: Solve $ \int_0^1 x^2 dx^2$
Solution: $ \int_0^1 x^2 dx^2$
$ = \int_0^1 \dfrac{(1-x)^{2-1}}{(2-1)!} x^2 dx$
(since t=1)
$ =\int_0^1 (1-x) x^2 dx$
$ =\int_0^1 (1-x) x^2 dx$
$ =\int_0^1 (x^2-x^3) dx =1/12$
In a long-awaited announcement, gourmet grocery Trader Joe's said Wednesday it would open its first Lexington store at 8 a.m. June 29.
Construction is nearly complete on the grocery at 2326 Nicholasville Road, the former site of Joe's Crab Shack.
The 12,000-square-foot grocery will have a separate wine shop of about 3,000 square feet.
This will be Trader Joe's second Kentucky store. The first opened in October at 4600 Shelbyville Road in Louisville.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
Rumors had swirled for several years that the popular chain was coming to Lexington. Interest was piqued after a legal notice last summer that the company intended to apply for liquor licenses for a store.
Trader Joe's gained its name for the way the company searches the world for distinctive products. More than 1,000 items in the store are private-label offerings under various Trader Joe's-type names. Employees wear brightly colored tropical-print shirts, adding to the lighthearted mood of the stores.
The chain's roots go back to Joe Coulombe, who opened the first grocery in Pasadena, Calif., in 1967. A dozen years later, he sold the chain to the Albrecht family in Germany, which also controls the Aldi discount grocery chain.
There's an old adage that goes some­thing like this: If you love what you do, you'll nev­er work a day in your life. Well, if you love the out­doors there are cer­tain­ly career paths you can take to immerse your­self in them day in and day out. There aren't a ton of options, but these will get your out­side where you want to be.
Out­door Adven­ture Guide
If you've got a pas­sion for shar­ing your love of the out­doors with oth­ers this might be the best fit for you. An Adven­ture Guide leads begin­ners on a trip through a vari­ety of out­door adven­tures of your choosing—you can lead kayak­ing trips, hik­ing and white­wa­ter raft­ing or canoe­ing. You've got to be okay with babysit­ting not just chil­dren but also adults, because there are prob­a­bly going to be some ques­tion­able char­ac­ters along the way, but if you're a proven leader and knowl­edge­able about your sport you should do great.
Require­ments: Adven­ture Guides need some sort of wilder­ness med­i­cine qual­i­fi­ca­tions, which are easy to get through out­fits like the Amer­i­can Red Cross. You may also need to look into sport-spe­cif­ic out­door cer­ti­fi­ca­tion require­ments to prove that you're qual­i­fied to lead a group of peo­ple on what­ev­er adven­ture you might be tak­ing them on. Luck­i­ly, no col­lege nec­es­sary for this one!
Park and Wildlife Nat­u­ral­ist
Maybe you enjoy a lit­tle adven­ture out­doors but you're also wor­ried about the impact sports have on the envi­ron­ment. You should prob­a­bly look into a career as a Park and Wildlife Nat­u­ral­ist. Nat­u­ral­ists are sci­en­tists who devise ways to pro­tect and pre­serve geo­graph­i­cal areas like forests, parks and moun­tain regions. You'll be sur­round­ed by the out­doors while sav­ing them at the same time.
Require­ments: Aside from a nat­ur­al curios­i­ty about the out­doors and a lit­tle bit of sci­en­tif­ic nerd cred you'll also need a bachelor's degree in a field like Botany, Envi­ron­men­tal Sci­ence or Out­door Recre­ation to get you start­ed. Most of the work you'll find will be gov­ern­ment positions—think of the benefits!—and you'll spend a lot of your time teach­ing kids and oth­er groups about things like cli­mate change and the impor­tance of recy­cling.
Climb­ing Instruc­tor
Those who can do should also teach. Much like an adven­ture guide, a climb­ing instruc­tor spends his days teach­ing oth­ers about his favorite sport. Here, though, you'll like­ly be doing it from the com­fort of an indoor gym with the occa­sion­al trip out­side. Or maybe you'll start your own climb­ing busi­ness and instruct entire­ly out­side class­es, who knows?
Require­ments: A love of all things climb­ing and in-depth knowl­edge of the sport are good things to have for this posi­tion. You'll also want to get some wildlife med­ical cer­ti­fi­ca­tion in case of emergencies—you know, for legal reasons—and you'll prob­a­bly have to pro­vide much of the gear for the new­bies. There's no for­mal school­ing need­ed here, though.
Park Ranger
Park Rangers actu­al­ly have a vari­ety of jobs they per­form on a dai­ly basis, includ­ing lead­ing tours, pro­vid­ing secu­ri­ty and inves­ti­gat­ing com­plaints in our nation's parks. They also get to be out­side all day long.
Require­ments: It turns out that today's Park Rangers don't get far with­out a degree. At min­i­mum, you'll need a Bach­e­lor of Sci­ence in Con­ser­va­tion, Park and Recre­ation Man­age­ment, Botany, Wildlife Man­age­ment, or Forestry. If you ever plan on mov­ing up in the field a Mas­ter of Sci­ence or even a Ph.D. is high­ly desir­able.
Writer/Photographer
If you've spent hours of your life pour­ing through copies of Out­side then you know by now there are some pret­ty lucky peo­ple out there being paid to trav­el the world in search of the next great adven­ture. If you've got a tal­ent for string­ing togeth­er words or tak­ing awe-inspir­ing pho­tos you might con­sid­er a career as a writer or pho­tog­ra­ph­er. You don't even have to work for a mag­a­zine — you could go entire­ly free­lance!
Require­ments: Pro­fes­sion­al writ­ers and/or pho­tog­ra­phers today have to be skilled in both areas to get far in the field and a Bachelor's Degree in Jour­nal­ism is a good start. Start build­ing your port­fo­lio ear­ly, as com­pe­ti­tion from at-home blog­gers is fierce these days.
With the release of the Xbox One X this fall, this year is shaping up significant for Microsoft's gaming efforts. While the focus lies of new hardware releases, one of this year's biggest success stories, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, is also on track to hit Xbox One in the months ahead.
Following the announcement of PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Xbox One version at E3, news on its release has been scarce. With a console debut still slated in 2017, only two months remain to stay on target, however, a firm release date is yet to be unveiled.
In a post to Twitter, Xbox marketing manager, Aaron Greenberg has now teased "exciting news" related to PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds as a part of Paris Games Week. Alongside an image of creative director, Brendan Greene and executive producer Chang Han Kim, the tweet teases an upcoming announcement for the days ahead, followed by "대박," a Korean phrase used to express awe.
A dead ringer
What's the meaning of the phrase 'A dead ringer'?
An exact duplicate.
What's the origin of the phrase 'A dead ringer'?
We use phrases all the time without really giving their meaning a great deal of thought. You may well know that dead ringer means exact duplicate, but why is that? To a non-English speaker the two terms appear to have nothing in common. So, why dead; why ringer?
'Dead ringer' is near the top of the list of folk etymology explanations.
Let's first dispense with the nonsensical idea that's sometimes put forward as the origin of this phrase, that is, that it refers to people who were prematurely buried and who pulled on bell ropes that were attached to their coffins in order to attract attention. This popular fallacy seems to have been encouraged by the erroneous belief that 'dead ringers' are saved by the bell. In fact, there is no connection between the two expressions - and neither of them have anything to do with coffins.
So, what is the origin of 'dead ringer'. Let's answer in two parts - why dead and why ringer?
A ringer is a horse substituted for another of similar appearance in order to defraud the bookies. This word originated in the US horse-racing fraternity at the end of the 19th century. The word is defined for us in a copy of the Manitoba Free Press from October 1882:
"A horse that is taken through the country and trotted under a false name and pedigree is called a 'ringer.'"
It has since been adopted into the language to mean any very close duplicate. As a verb, 'ring' has long been used to mean 'exchange/substitute' in a variety of situations, most of them illegal. From the same period is the term 'ring castors', meaning to surreptitiously exchange hats. Castors, or casters, were hats made from beaver fur. From the 20th century we have the Australian phrase, 'ring in the gray (or knob)', meaning to substitute a double-sided penny for a genuine one. Coming more up to date we have 'car ringing', which is the replacing of the identification numbers on a stolen car with those from a genuine (usually scrapped) vehicle.
So, that's ringer; what about dead? Dead, in the sense of lifeless, is so commonly used that we tend to ignore its other meanings. The meaning that's relevant here is exact or precise. This is demonstrated in many phrases; 'dead shot', 'dead centre', 'dead heat', etc.
So, 'dead ringer' is literally the same as 'exact duplicate'. It first came into use soon after the word ringer itself, in the US at the end of the 19th century. The earliest reference I can find that confirms the 'exact duplicate' meaning is from the Oshkosh Weekly Times, June 1888, in a court report of a man charged with being 'very drunk':
"Dat ar is a markable semlance be shooed", said Hart looking critically at the picture. "Dat's a dead ringer fo me. I nebber done see such a semblence."
See also saved by the bell and graveyard shift.
See other phrases that were coined in the USA.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 4, 2016, 8:49 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 4, 2016, 8:49 PM GMT By Paul A. Eisenstein
Honda now says it will recall more than 2.2 million vehicles due to faulty Takata airbags, about 500,000 more than was originally reported on Wednesday. And the maker says a separate airbag defect will force it to recall 341,000 more vehicles.
All told, the problem with Takata airbag inflators will have forced Honda and its Acura luxury brand to recall 8.51 million vehicles, more than any other manufacturer. But the defect — which can cause airbags to over-inflate and spew shrapnel into the passenger compartment — has now forced the recall of more than 20 million vehicles by at least 10 manufacturers in the U.S. alone.
Continental followed Honda's lead on Thursday, recalling 5 million vehicles due to the airbag controller defect.
The second recall involves the popular Honda Accord sedan. Older models can experience a failure of their airbag control units, which means the supplemental restraint system, or SRS, may not deploy in a crash. A number of other manufacturers are affected by this problem, as well.
The larger problem involves a wide range of Honda products equipped with faulty Takata airbags. During a crash, they may over-inflate, causing shrapnel to fly around the passenger compartment. At least 10 deaths have been linked to the issue. The most recent fatality involved an older Ford Ranger pickup, though most have occurred in Honda products.
Though a precise cause has not yet been determined, the failures appear to be linked to Takata's use of potentially unstable ammonium nitrate in its airbag inflators. Some experts believe the material begins to break down as a vehicle ages and experiences the shocks and bumps of normal road use.
Initial reports on Wednesday indicated about 1.7 million vehicles would be recalled as part of an expanding investigation into the Takata defect. That number left out more than 500,000 vehicles sold by Honda's luxury subsidiary, Acura.
At this point, the products subject to the latest recall include:
2005-2012 Acura RL
2007-2011 Honda CR-V
2007-2016 Acura RDX (early production model year 2016 vehicles only)
2007-2014 Honda Ridgeline
2009-2014 Honda Fit
2009-2014 Acura TL
2010-2014 Honda FCX Clarity
2010-2014 Honda Insight
2010-2013 Acura ZDX
2011-2015 Honda CR-Z
2013-2016 Acura ILX (early production model year 2016 vehicles only)
But Honda is not alone. Mark Rosekind, the head of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, last month warned that there could be still further expansions of the Takata recall, which at that point had affected more than 19 million vehicles. The figure could soon approach 25 million in the U.S. alone, according to several industry observers.
A major challenge for Honda — and other makers — is getting those vehicles repaired. Despite an aggressive campaign, Honda brand boss Jeff Conrad told TheDetroitBureau.com that only about 50 percent of the vehicles Honda had targeted prior to this week's recall have so far been repaired. Part of the challenge is that most of the vehicles are older models that may be resold several times since first being produced.
The second new recall involves 341,000 Honda Accords sold during the 2008 to 2010 model-years. Their airbag control modules may be sensitive to water, something that could cause them to fail before a crash. At least two injuries have been linked to the problem, according to Honda.
The modules were produced by German supplier Continental, and as with the Takata airbag inflators, the control unit was provided to a number of different automakers. Mercedes-Benz was the first to identify the problem and order a recall last autumn.
The issue “is probably going to affect other manufacturers,” as well, Honda safety spokesman Chris Martin told TheDetroitBureau.com.
Preliminary indications are that as many as 5 million vehicles may ultimately need to be recalled to replace the airbag control modules.
Read More from TheDetroitBureau.com
It's easy to tell if a smile is genuine: It's all in the eyes. Image courtesy of Energy Star
Smiling doesn't seem like a particularly complicated act: You feel a happy emotion, the corners of your mouth turn up, your cheeks lift and your eyes crinkle. The overall effect tells the outside world that you're feeling happy on the inside. It's simple and, in most cases, totally spontaneous. We typically smile without making a concerted effort to do so.
In fact, most people are turned off by the appearance of a smile that takes effort, because so often it's obvious it's fake. It's not hard to detect a fake smile -- it usually involves only the mouth, not the eyes. The appearance of a genuine smile, one involving specific changes in the eyes in addition to the mouth (notably a crinkling of "crow's feet" and a downturn of the outer points of the eyes) is called a Duchenne smile, after the neurologist Guillaume Duchenne. Back in 1862 he identified the facial muscles involved in spontaneous smiling [source: Lienhard].
Awkward appearance aside, research performed over the past few decades suggests there could actually be a benefit to producing a fake smile. According to many experts, smiling may not only be an outward manifestation of a happy feeling. It may actually be able to cause a happy feeling. It's the exact opposite of how most people see the smile-happiness connection, but with a growing body of evidence supporting the effect, it seems there may be something to it.
But does that mean you can just turn off every bad feeling by faking a smile? Could you be a truly, permanently happy person if you master the look?
In this article, we'll look at the evidence for smiles causing happiness, see how significant the effect is and find out if there are other facial expressions that can trigger the emotions they're supposed to reflect.
In the 1970s and 1980s, quite a few psychologists got in on the smile-research action, with surprisingly consistent results.
Tony Caplin resigns as chair of Public Works Loans Board after it is revealed he was bankrupted in 2012
Labour has expressed astonishment at the decision to appoint a bankrupt businessman to chair a £60bn quango, demanding to know who authorised the appointment in the Treasury and Downing Street.
Tony Caplin resigned as chairman of the Public Works Loans Board on Saturday after his bankruptcy was disclosed by the Mail on Sunday.
Chris Leslie, shadow Treasury chief secretary, said: "It is astonishing that the prime minister and the chancellor could appoint someone who went bankrupt owing so much to the Treasury to run the Treasury's lending operations.
"For him to be bankrupted in 2012 and appointed by the prime minister as chairman of this key Treasury body the following year is surely a misjudgment too far by a prime minister with a track record of poor judgment in relation to his cronies.
"The prime minister and the chancellor need to set out whether they knew about Mr Caplin's bankruptcy and debts to HMRC before making the appointment, whether it was a coincidence the chairmanship was granted only weeks after Caplin was discharged as a bankrupt and on which occasions they had met Mr Caplin in the past."
Caplin was Conservative chief operating officer when Cameron became leader, and was made bankrupt in May 2012 with debts of more than £3m.
He is thought to have owed the taxman £200,000, Barclays bank more than £1m and more than £2m to other creditors.
Downing Street denied he had been appointed because he was a Cameron crony, pointing out he had initially been appointed to public bodies by the previous Labour government.
But Labour said at the time he was appointed to the Public Works Loans Board in 2003, there was no question about his suitability for office, and Labour was under a duty in such a sensitive post to ensure there was a political balance. "There is no question that he was close to Cameron," Labour said, pointing out that Caplin had played a role in preparing the Tory manifesto by co-authoring a report on waste in public spending central to the 2005 election manifesto.
The board offers loans to local government and other bodies. Caplin was asked to resign immediately over the weekend, with government officials saying he should have declared his bankruptcy at the time of his appointment to the chairmanship to the board, a Treasury body that lends money to local government, mainly for capital finance.
Caplin was one of eight commissioners on the Public Works Loan Board.
The body is a subsidiary of the Debt Management Office. In 2013 it had outstanding loans, mainly to local government, worth £65bn.
Caplin is also chairman of the North West London Hospitals NHS trust and a member of the Medical Research Council. Last year, he was reappointed chairman of the audit and finance committee of the MRC, which is part of the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills.
Indonesia can be a very strict place when it comes to the Internet (see Man faces five years for 'God does not exist' Facebook post). Most recently, the country's communications and information ministry has pulled the plug on pornographic websites in advance of Ramadan, which begins at sunset on Thursday.
We're not talking about just a handful of key portals. The Indonesian government has killed access to 1 million porn sites, all of which were based outside of the country. The ministry estimates there are around 2 billion websites providing pornographic content.
Apparently this is only the beginning. Minister Tifatul Sembiring said Wednesday his office would target more sites through the country's holy month, and beyond. "We will block more porn sites during Ramadan, though that doesn't mean that we will allow such sites to operate during the rest of the year," Sembiring told The Times of India. "Online pornography is an industry and the producers always seem to find new ways of escaping detection."
This is nothing new for Indonesia. Especially in recent years, the country's officials have increased their control over offensive online content, particularly related to porn and Islamic slander. The government regulates anything it deems inappropriate through legal and regulatory frameworks and through partnerships with ISPs and Internet cafés.
It all started in 2007 when some websites were blocked for brief periods of time. In April 2008, Indonesia ordered ISPs to block YouTube after Google reportedly did not respond to the government's request to remove the film "Fitna" by the Dutch parliamentarian Geert Wilders, which purportedly mocked the Prophet Muhammed.
In May 2010, when an account on Facebook promoted a competition to draw the Prophet, government officials asked the social networking giant to close the account and demanded all ISPs to limit access to the account's link (due to opposition from bloggers and civil society, the demand was disregarded). In January 2011, Research In Motion agreed to filter pornographic Internet content on its smartphones . The BlackBerry maker worked with local carriers and the Indonesian government to implement the blocks in what it called a "top priority."
See also:
CORAL SPRINGS, Fla. - A South Florida probation officer has been accused of raping one of his parolees at her home in Coral Springs.
According to the arrest report, Zachary Bailey, 50, told the victim that he needed to conduct a home study at her new residence March 11.
Police said Bailey walked into the woman's bedroom and blocked her from leaving the room. He then put his hands down the front of her pants without her permission, officers said.
The victim told police that she told Bailey, "You can't do that. What are you doing?"
She said she was scared to scream because her daughter was in the house.
According to the report, Bailey left but called the woman to tell her that he needed to come back to the home.
The victim told police that Bailey followed her into her bedroom and asked her for a massage and for oral sex. The victim said she refused, but he started undressing.
Police said Bailey pushed the woman onto the bed and raped her. The victim told police that she said "Stop" and "This is rape."
The victim provided detectives with a video and pictures of Bailey while he was naked and putting on a condom in her bedroom. Detectives also confiscated the used condom from her home.
Bailey served as a probation officer for more than 20 years.
The Florida Department of Corrections told Local 10 News that he was fired Wednesday.
Bailey is charged with two counts of sexual battery.
Follow Local 10 News on Twitter @WPLGLocal10
Copyright 2015 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Brittney Griner, the lesbian basketball star who has been praised for being "out and proud," recently revealed that her Baylor University basketball coach Kim Mulkey wanted gay players to keep quiet about their sexuality.
During an interview with Maggie Gray of Sports Illustrated, the new Phoenix Mercury player spoke at length about her sexuality, although she stated that she was out since the 9th grade.
Griner said that not discussing her sexuality was like an "unwritten law" in an interview with ESPN The Magazine and espnW. The basketball player, who recently scored an endorsement deal with Nike, said the "law" was disguised as concern about putting her private life out in the street.
"It was more of an unwritten law, but come to find out it was a written law. It was just kind of one of those things like just don't do it," she explained. "They kind of tried to make it, like, 'Why put your business out on the street like that?'"
Griner, who became the eighth player in Division I history to reach 3,000 points during her basketball career at Baylor University, said she was asked by Baylor administration to remove a tweet that referred to her sexuality, as the Advocate notes.
Griner explained that Mulkey wanted lesbian players' sexuality to be inconspicuous because "it was a recruiting thing." She then added, "The coaches thought that if it seemed like they condoned it, people wouldn't let their kids come play for Baylor."
Still, she stressed that it wasn't a personal problem for the coach.
"I told Coach [Mulkey] when she was recruiting me. I was like, 'I'm gay. I hope that's not a problem,' and she told me that it wasn't," Griner said. "I mean, my teammates knew, obviously they all knew. Everybody knew about it."
« Torturing CPI Data until They Confess: Observations on Alternative Measures of Inflation (Part 2) | Main | The Implications of Flat or Declining Real Wages for Inequality »
June 26, 2014
Torturing CPI Data until They Confess: Observations on Alternative Measures of Inflation (Part 3)
On May 30, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland generously allowed me some time to speak at their conference on Inflation, Monetary Policy, and the Public. The purpose of my remarks was to describe the motivations and methods behind some of the alternative measures of the inflation experience that my coauthors and I have produced in support of monetary policy.
This is the last of three posts on that talk. The first post reviewed alternative inflation measures; the second looked at ways to work with the Consumer Price Index to get a clear view of inflation. The full text of the speech is available on the Atlanta Fed's events web page.
The challenge of communicating price stability
Let me close this blog series with a few observations on the criticism that measures of core inflation, and specifically the CPI excluding food and energy, disconnect the Federal Reserve from households and businesses "who know price changes when they see them." After all, don't the members of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) eat food and use gas in their cars? Of course they do, and if it is the cost of living the central bank intends to control, the prices of these goods should necessarily be part of the conversation, notwithstanding their observed volatility.
In fact, in the popularly reported all-items CPI, the Bureau of Labor Statistics has already removed about 40 percent of the monthly volatility in the cost-of-living measure through its seasonal adjustment procedures. I think communicating in terms of a seasonally adjusted price index makes a lot of sense, even if nobody actually buys things at seasonally adjusted prices.
Referencing alternative measures of inflation presents some communications challenges for the central bank to be sure. It certainly would be easier if progress toward either of the Federal Reserve's mandates could be described in terms of a single, easily understood statistic. But I don't think this is feasible for price stability, or for full employment.
And with regard to our price stability mandate, I suspect the problem of public communication runs deeper than the particular statistics we cite. In 1996, Robert Shiller polled people—real people, not economists—about their perceptions of inflation. What he found was a stark difference between how economists think about the word "inflation" and how folks outside a relatively small band of academics and policymakers define inflation. Consider this question:
And here is how people responded:
Seventy-seven percent of the households in Shiller's poll picked number 2—"Inflation hurts my real buying power"—as their biggest gripe about inflation. This is a cost-of-living description. It isn't the same concept that most economists are thinking about when they consider inflation. Only 12 percent of the economists Shiller polled indicated that inflation hurt real buying power.
I wonder if, in the minds of most people, the Federal Reserve's price-stability mandate is heard as a promise to prevent things from becoming more expensive, and especially the staples of life like, well, food and gasoline. This is not what the central bank is promising to do.
What is the Federal Reserve promising to do? To the best of my knowledge, the first "workable" definition of price stability by the Federal Reserve was Paul Volcker's 1983 description that it was a condition where "decision-making should be able to proceed on the basis that 'real' and 'nominal' values are substantially the same over the planning horizon—and that planning horizons should be suitably long."
Thirty years later, the Fed gave price stability a more explicit definition when it laid down a numerical target. The FOMC describes that target thusly:
The inflation rate over the longer run is primarily determined by monetary policy, and hence the Committee has the ability to specify a longer-run goal for inflation. The Committee reaffirms its judgment that inflation at the rate of 2 percent, as measured by the annual change in the price index for personal consumption expenditures, is most consistent over the longer run with the Federal Reserve's statutory mandate.
Whether one goes back to the qualitative description of Volcker or the quantitative description in the FOMC's recent statement of principles, the thrust of the price-stability objective is broadly the same. The central bank is intent on managing the persistent, nominal trend in the price level that is determined by monetary policy. It is not intent on managing the short-run, real fluctuations that reflect changes in the cost of living.
Effectively achieving price stability in the sense of the FOMC's declaration requires that the central bank hears what it needs to from the public, and that the public in turn hears what they need to know from the central bank. And this isn't likely unless the central bank and the public engage in a dialog in a language that both can understand.
Prices are volatile, and the cost of living the public experiences ought to reflect that. But what the central bank can control over time—inflation—is obscured within these fluctuations. What my colleagues and I have attempted to do is to rearrange the price data at our disposal, and so reveal a richer perspective on the inflation experience.
We are trying to take the torture out of the inflation discussion by accurately measuring the things that the Fed needs to worry about and by seeking greater clarity in our communications about what those things mean and where we are headed. Hard conversations indeed, but necessary ones.
By Mike Bryan, vice president and senior economist in the Atlanta Fed's research department
June 26, 2014 in Business Cycles , Data Releases , Inflation | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry:
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c834f53ef01a511d587bd970c
Listed below are links to blogs that reference Torturing CPI Data until They Confess: Observations on Alternative Measures of Inflation (Part 3) :
Comments
Germany's online community has been in a furor since Chancellor Merkel said she will still stick to an open door policy for refugees, maintaining Germany is still “safe,” despite the recent deadly attacks there, most of which were committed by migrants.
Merkel acknowledged at a news briefing on Thursday that Islamists could use the refugee flow to infiltrate Germany. She also admitted that even a “powerful country” like Germany “cannot take so many refugees in the long term.”
Read more
Yet, at the same time, she made it clear there will be no U-turn in the state's policies with regard to migrants. Dealing with the flood of refugees is a “historic task” Merkel said, while reiterated that Germany “will make it.” She also stressed that “lot's has already been done,” echoing arguments she had made in previous speeches.
Germans hit back at Merkel's “we can make it” line by posting statements such as “unfortunately we cannot ask the victims of the recent attacks whether they see it exactly the same way."
Germany has faced five deadly assaults in just over a week. Three were committed by asylum seekers, and two of those are being investigated for links to Islamic State (IS, formerly ISSI/ISIL).
Voicing their frustration, people wrote “We can make it” should be declared a “taboo word.”
While acknowledging that more security was probably needed in Germany at Tuesday's press conference, Merkel also declared that the country is still “extremely safe.” That raised quite a few eyebrows with the social media community as well.
One particular tweet read "who still says 'We can make it' after what's happening in Germany right now, this person can't be helped."
Germany's chancellor stressed that it was important to follow democratic “principles” while dealing with the refugee crisis, but people pointed out that “immigrants neither share nor understand these principles Mrs Merkel.”
Read more
The online outrage with Merkel's position has even led Germans to call for their leader to be forced out, with some even urging “Get rid of this traitor.”
“So easy for #Merkel to repeat #WirSchaffenDas [We can make it]. She's well protected. Make that awful woman resign,” a tweet read.
Merkel, who interrupted her vacation for the latest briefing, was questioned over her late reaction to the deadly July 22 attack in Munich, where nine people died. It took the leader twenty four hours to extend her condolences to the victims' families.
When asked why there had been such a delay and why she hadn't visited the site of this or any other attack, Merkel maintained that she had acted correctly.
“That's a question that I obviously ask myself whenever something happens. I will be at the memorial ceremony in Munich on Sunday,” she said
“A decision has to be taken on this each time and perhaps some members of the public have a different view to the way I decided to do things,” she added.
Merkel's absence in the aftermath of the Munich attack inspired the trending hashtag “Wo Ist Merkel” (Where is Merkel) and “Merkel Is Hiding” on Twitter.
I suggest #WECANMAKEIT be the #taboo word of the year
Ich schlage #Wirschaffendas zum #Unwort des Jahres vor. — Experte für Alles (@Puretruth678) July 28, 2016
It is unbelievable: “WE CAN MAKE IT?” Mrs. Merkel & Co.: WE cannot make it!
Es ist unfassbar, "WIR SCHAFFEN DAS"? Frau Merkel & Co.:
WIR schaffen das nicht! Unsere Kinder sind NIRGENDWO... https://t.co/gUXss6tig0 — Cafe-antique (@ladymichi222) July 28, 2016
#Merkle says “We can make it.” Unfortunately we cannot ask the victims of the recent attacks whether they see it exactly the same way.
#Merkel sagt "Wir schaffen das".
Die Opfer der bisherigen Anschläge können wir leider nicht mehr fragen, ob sie das auch so sehen ☹️ — Halbfinne (@halbfinne) July 28, 2016
Who still says “We can make it” after what's happening in Germany right now; this person is beyond help
The saxophonist says the genre needs to get out of its rut of virtuosic self-indulgence.
The following is edited from an interview with jazz saxophonist Branford Marsalis, whose latest album, Songs of Mirth and Melancholy, is a collaboration with pianist Joey Calderazzo.
*****
You put on old records and they always sound better. Why are they better? I started listening to a lot of classical music, and that really solidified the idea that the most important and the strongest element of music is the melodic content.
In jazz we spend a lot of time talking about harmony. Harmonic music tends to be very insular. It tends to be [like] you're in the private club with a secret handshake.
I have a lot of normal friends. ‘Cause it's important. [When] you have a bunch of musicians talking about music and they talk about what's good and what's not good, they don't consider the larger context of it.
You read a review of something and some guy in New York says “This is the most important music since such and such.” And then when you look at it in a larger context, you say, “Well, can we really use the word ‘important' for something that the majority of the people have never heard?”
As I've started to extend and get back into the outside world—which really started when I was on the Tonight Show—you realize, “Man, nobody knows who the fuck were are.” And the idea was not to do things to make them know, but the question is within the context of the music I've chosen to play . . . what are the things that normal people like about music and can we incorporate those things?
When laypeople listen to records, there're certain things they're going to get to. First of all, how it sounds to them. If the value of the song is based on intense analysis of music, you're doomed. Because people that buy records don't know shit about music. When they put on Kind of Blue and say they like it, I always ask people: What did you like about it? They describe it in physical terms, in visceral terms, but never in musical terms.
In a lot of ways classical music is in a similar situation to where jazz is, except at least the level of excellence in classical music is more based on the music than it is based on the illusion of reinventing a movement. Everything you read about jazz is: “Is it new? Is it innovative?” I mean, man, there are 12 fucking notes. What's going to be new? You honestly think you're going to play something that hasn't been played already?
So, you know, my whole thing is, is it good? I don't care if it's new. There's so little of it that's actually good, that when it's good, it shocks me.
So much of jazz, it doesn't even have an audience other than the music students or the jazz musicians themselves, and they're completely in love with virtuosic aspects of the music, so everything is about how fast a guy plays. It's not about the musical content and whether the music is emotionally moving or has passion.
At some point, you get into the music and it's only about, well, this is what I want to convey. I'm into me. I'm into my shit. And after a while you look up and say, “Well, that was nice and self-indulgent and fun.” Music clearly has to have more meaning than that.
My job is to write songs that have emotional meaning to me. Because I believe that if the songs have emotional meaning, that will translate to a larger audience that has the capacity to appreciate instrumental music, 'cause a lot of people don't. And I can't do anything to get them to like my music, and I'm not really trying.
ckornelis@seattleweekly.com
Boehner: House won't pass another DHS funding bill
Speaker John Boehner reiterated Wednesday that the House will not pass another bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security at this time, despite its standoff with the Republican-controlled Senate.
Boehner's comment — that the House has done its job and it's time for the Senate to act — came in a closed Republican Conference meeting Wednesday morning.
Story Continued Below
Sens. Cory Gardner of Colorado and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia — both former House members — discussed immigration and the 60-vote threshold the Senate.
Senate Republican leaders — including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky — have said the House needs to take up a bill. The Senate has been unable to pass the DHS funding bill because it's loaded with provisions to gut President Barack Obama's changes to immigration law.
The market is expecting the central bank to begin withdrawing some quantitative easing support, but the question is in the timing and degree.
"The taper is on," said Kathy Jones, fixed income strategist at Charles Schwab. "This is the last payroll report the Fed will see before their meeting at the end of July. With the upward revisions to the previous couple of months, it soldifies the idea that they will announce some tapering, probably in September."
A statement from Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke after the June meeting that the bond-buying could wind down completely in 2014 rattled markets.
He qualified the statement by saying it was data-dependent, so the payrolls report likely will feed expectations that the Fed at least will begin to scale back its purchases.
Revisions pushed previous months' reports considerably higher: April's tally rose 50,000 to 199,000, while the May count grew 20,000 to 195,000.
"While we still think October is most likely when the Fed will announce tapering, this report means an increased risk of an earlier taper than we anticipate," said Tom Porcelli, chief U.S. economist at RBC Capital Markets.
Stock got a nice bump at the open, though earlier futures trading indicated that the market would post upwards of a 1 percent gain. Treasury yields jumped to two-year highs and the dollar declined against the euro.
An army of law enforcement officers led by Torrance police arrested 13 reputed South Los Angeles gang members Friday in a massive pre-dawn operation to break up an organized ring believed responsible for some 5,000 residential burglaries in five Southern California counties.
The operation, dubbed “Operation Money Bags,” culminated nearly four years of investigation to not just arrest and prosecute suspected burglars but to tie their crimes to their gangs, using gang-related sentencing laws that could add years to their prison terms, Torrance police Sgt. Paul Kranke said.
“We were looking for ways to solve our residential burglary problem,” Kranke said. “This is our long-term plan we came up with.”
• READ: Doctors allegedly sold prescriptions to gang members
More than 400 officers from 18 police agencies joined the Torrance police force to raid 28 locations, primarily in South Los Angeles. The locations targeted members of the East Coast Crips gang, tying them to residential burglaries committed in Torrance and other South Bay cities as well as communities across Los Angeles, Ventura, Orange, Riverside and San Bernardino counties.
Search warrants were served without any problems, Kranke said. Two other suspects were arrested earlier in the week.
“We have 13 arrests today,” Kranke said. “We recovered seven firearms and various amounts of narcotics and U.S. currency.”
The raids were carried out with no problems or use of force, Kranke said.
Others suspects were arrested as the investigation proceeded over the years, including some on other charges, police said. A few suspects are still being sought.
Investigators said the operation was part of what they hope is a long-term solution to a sharp increase in residential burglaries that police officers say began when prison overcrowding relief efforts resulted in shorter sentences for offenders committing nonviolent crimes. The so-called “realignment” has allowed burglars to return to the streets to commit more offenses, said undercover police officers involved in Friday morning's operation.
• READ: Reputed gang members charged
“They are going to be sentenced and assigned to state prison as opposed to being in a revolving door,” one of the officers said.
Additional crimes attributed to the East Coast Crips occurred in Alameda County in the Bay Area, along with locations in Washington and Colorado, police said. Some crimes were committed simply because gang members had traveled to those locations, police said.
The gang members also are believed to be partly to blame for a recent high-profile increase in residential burglaries on the Palos Verdes Peninsula causing angst among residents and demands for a crackdown, investigators said.
In addition to the raids Friday, state corrections officers performed searches in the cells of 50 inmates in prisons across the state. The inmates are suspected of helping to direct the burglaries using illegally held cellphones behind bars or benefiting financially from cash proceeds delivered to them from the crimes, police said.
When Torrance police began noticing the increase in burglaries in 2012, patrol officers studied the numbers and locations, and adjusted shifts to try to tackle the problem. Following some arrests, Torrance police administrators assigned the department's gang unit to join its burglary investigations team when they found that many of the thieves they were arresting were East Coast Crips gang members. East Coast Crips is a primarily black gang made up of various factions located in neighborhoods east of the 110 Freeway in South Los Angeles.
According to investigators, gang leaders had figured out that developing an organized burglary plan could be extremely lucrative. Each day, burglars had a goal of finding $5,000 and a gun, sometimes heading out to commit crimes four or five times a week. Each gang member targeted Friday was suspected of involvement in 125 to 150 crimes.
Police have tied more than 50 gang members to the crimes.
Gang leaders planned the burglaries in meticulous fashion, picking out neighborhoods to target, dressing professionally and using high-end rental cars in an attempt to not draw attention to themselves. “White pages” apps on their phones were used to call phone numbers along streets to see if anyone was home.
Asians were targeted by the burglary crews. Gang members would check for Asian names on targeted streets and look for shoes left on porches, a sign that an Asian family might live there. Gang members, police said, believed Asians kept money in their homes and “had the best gold.”
Following many crimes, police said, gang members kept their profit and stolen property for themselves to live a luxurious lifestyle. Others fenced stolen goods. Stolen guns ended up on the street and were used in other crimes, police said.
But gang members didn't stop there. Those involved in the burglaries began flaunting their riches on social media, posting photographs of themselves holding thousands of dollars in cash on Facebook, Instagram and other sites. Sometimes they even recorded themselves committing crimes and put it online to boast, police said.
Detectives paid attention. The posts became tools for gang members to promote their gangs and recruit new members, and detectives and prosecutors decided to use their boastful posts against them, investigators said.
Gang detectives began scouring websites with a new idea. Instead of prosecuting a gang member for a burglary or two, crimes that might get them limited time behind bars, detectives worked to connect burglars to the ring, using their social media boasts to show their crimes were specifically benefiting their gang. So-called “gang enhancement” charges often are tied to murder cases, where prosecutors allege murders were committed for the gang's benefit.
The District Attorney's Office signed on to add the gang enhancement to burglary cases.
“Hopefully, it will reduce burglaries,” Kranke said.
2018 March Bitmain antminer D3 19GH/S miner
100% Guaranteed Fast shipping
100% Guaranteed After-Sales support
100% Guaranteed Genuine/Authentic Product
100% Guaranteed Factory warranty (International)
100% Reversion Rate
CONTACT US NOW ON WHATSAPP\EMAIL TO GET DISCOUNT PRICES ON SALES
Cherry Zhao
WhatsApp/Wechat : +8615818532885/ 18665848627
Wechat QR code
The price is cheapest we are directly from factory .We are reliable company in this computer components industry manufacturer since 1999, until now BSI over 18years, we have large shipment every day , if you place order we can try our best to help you get it quickly .
Relative items Antminer D3, Antminer L3+, DASH Machine iBelink 10.8gh/s, A5 Dashmaster 30.2gh/s fast delivery...
Specifications of the Antminer D3 are as follows:
a) Hash rate: 15 GH/s (Variation of ±5% is expected)
b) Power consumption: 1200W (at the wall, with Bitmain's APW3 PSU, 93% efficiency, 25°C ambient temp).
c) Dimensions of the miner: 320*130*190mm
d) Hashing algorithm: X11
Company information3 We are reliable company in this computer components industry manufacturer since 1999,
It can be tempting to think of React JS as just another JavaScript framework, along the lines of Angular JS and Ember JS. This entirely misses why it was created and the problems it solves.
React is not designed to solve problems specific to web applications. Rather, it is designed to solve problems for all applications.
This sounds like buzz until you look at where React is going. Its first uses were in web applications, specifically Facebook and Instagram. Now, though, it's rapidly moving past that:
Facebook used it to build a native iOS mobile app, and is open sourcing react-native to allow anyone to do the same for iOS and Android. Learn more from Facebook's recent React conference: overview, deep dive. Flipboard used it to power canvas graphics on its web site, which unlike the traditional browser DOM can operate with video-like smoothness. They open sourced this add-on to React. Netflix uses it to create TV interfaces. Hear about it in their own words. It's used on both the server-side and the client-side. React doesn't need a web browser to work.
Why is React gaining traction on so many platforms, unlike other JavaScript frameworks?
It's simple: React presents a better model for development, generally.
React's impact is best explained by its side effects:
Your code is clear. It is arranged into components, each with its own defined responsibility. Learn more about structure. Your app is predictable. It's very clear where data flows, and what happens when a user does something. Learn more about data flow. Your app is fast. React is really, really fast, creating a better experience for users, even if you have a ton of data. See this example. Your app is standards-based. React adds layers only when it needs to. You feel like you are actually writing JavaScript and HTML, not some magic template language. Surprise, you're an app developer. React breaks down barriers across platforms, by applying its same model across the board. This means that once you learn the React way of structuring an web application, you have a huge head start on developing a native iOS or Android app, thanks to react-native. Surely this will happen to other platforms.
So, get to know React, even if you don't see a need for it in your current projects. Far more than a shiny new JavaScript framework, it could represent a new standard for structuring applications.
See also, the benefits of adding React to a real-world Rails app, and a deep dive into React in Rails.
Finally, check out the React JS Conf 2015 videos.
Hired.com brings Rails job offers to you. Free for candidates. Salaries from $75,000 to $250,000. Sign up now!
How has counter-terrorism changed from 9/11 to today over three presidencies? To answer that question, Ryan Evans sat down with two guests with deep perspective on counter-terrorism: Colin Kahl was the national security adviser to Vice President Biden and, earlier in the Obama administration, was the deputy assistant secretary of defense for the Middle East. He is now associate professor in the Security Studies Program at the Georgetown School of Foreign Service. Stephen Tankel is an assistant professor in the School of International Service at American University, an adjunct senior fellow at CNAS, and a senior editor at War on the Rocks. He previously served as a senior adviser for Asian and Pacific security affairs at the Department of Defense. Stephen is the author of the forthcoming book, With Us and Against Us: America's Partners in the War on Terror.
28th October 2013
By Steven Strong
Contributing Writer for Wake Up World
Our research team has been to, and returned to, many sacred and historic sites that have been ruthlessly vandalised. Unfortunately, the wanton disregard of Original engravings and stone arrangements, some thousands and often tens of thousands of years old, is so much a part and parcel of archaeology in Australia. So commonplace is this desecration of well known or easily found sites that our first priority has always been focused around preventing this outrageous disrespect; learning what the archaeology means and who was responsible for it must always take a back seat to its preservation.
For this reason, on occasions, I have been deliberately obscure when supplying details in relation to situation and geography. But fortunately, the site I will discuss today will never be vandalised. Its series of tunnels, and what lays beyond, would never have been stumbled upon by us or anyone else. It is only because artefacts researcher and spiritual archaeologist Klaus Dona sent us a photograph with the specific location marked out that we were now standing on this extraordinary site. Access to the site is not merely difficult; that would be a gross understatement. There are extremely steep slopes to negotiate and an entrance that betrays nothing to even a trained eye, except that advancing forward is fraught with real and present danger.
Our first investigation was far briefer than what was needed. But we had two sites to examine on that day, and as this one was the unknown part of our day, more time was dedicated to the other site which promised tangible returns. Even getting to this site was a distraction of some magnitude, and maintaining balance while descending was a feat of its own. But the final stride to gain entrance was a thought-provoking effort; a four metre drop with no less than two metres to straddle across to the only foothold, followed by swinging the other foot up the slope and aiming at the dirt floor at the front of the tunnels. It was an action deserving of some forward planning. Fortunately those aboard were agile of foot and adventurous of spirit, and all of us managed to negotiate the divide.
With the exception of myself, the rest of the party was focused on finding an entrance of some sort. From the information we were provided, we knew the tunnel led deep inside. But we also saw the impact and damage caused by the mass of rock above, which was literally sliding down the hill and into this complex. By our estimation the there were two shafts/tunnels, one I could (being the thinnest) manage to get in nearly 10 metres before it narrowed to no more than 10 centimetres. I could see that the gap continued inwards and appeared uniform and quite long, but no-one in our group could advance any further.
The rest of the team were not deterred and sought out other means of entrance, but I went back to one section of the tunnel which measured close to 5 metres. We all agreed that the wall was so similar to the ancient walls in Chile and Peru. The joins were so precise that only the thinnest of twigs could be inserted 15 – 20 cms into the widest gap between these shaped rectangular sandstone blocks. There are four horizontal layers of sandstone blocks, each layer laid perfectly flat with a flat sandstone shelf of considerable dimensions and tonnage sitting atop this supporting wall. I tried to identify a possible geological process that could create such a complex and intricate alignment but came up empty every time.
In some respects our limited time on site was a blessing. I really had nothing to offer bar trying to make sense of what was obviously a wall built to take the weight of the rock shelf, along with the huge accumulation of shaped rocks with sharp edges, flat faces and ninety degree angles. The technology needed to construct it cannot be found in any Original tool-kit, or so the experts claim. Either way for now, it was time to walk away and return to measure and analyse it on another day. Which I did.
It took another four months before timing and finances allowed a return visit. Getting to the entrance seemed even more dangerous than before, or I was getting older. Despite a decidedly longer pause – a pause that was heightened by visions of what a poorly placed right foot could lead to, coupled with the apparent ease with which my companion on site, Ryan Mullins, casually breached the chasm – I did remain in tact and vertical.
This time we had no intention of finding a way in; all we were interested in was that one wall. Anything else that may have cropped up was merely an afterthought. Since our last visit, the damage created due to compression from above was even more evident. As before, so many of the rocks laying on the floor and positioned above, sometimes precariously, were shaped and cut. But this was more of the same and only reinforced what we already knew to be true; that this construction was not a natural formation.
The wall was still there and none the worse for wear. But that will change in time. The biggest shock was my inability to perform more than one task. It was so obvious the other three walls were always there. What wasn't immediately apparent was how alike the walls actually were; the angles and measurements indicated a precision and repetition that could only come about through human hands and a metal blade.
The three base rocks vary slightly in length, but in height there is no more than a one centimetre difference. Wall 3 is 190 centimetres high, Wall 2 is exactly the same and Wall 1 is one centimetre smaller at 189 centimetres. It is remotely possible that this is merely a coincidence, but there is more than one match at hand. Wall 1 and Wall 2/4 form what we suspect to be the main entrance, the floor between them is almost perfectly level, as is the rock shelve above. As such, it should come as no surprise that Wall 1 measures 293 centimetres in height, while Wall 2/4 is one centimetre shorter at 292 centimetres.
Being beneath and outside the main entrance, thus possibly acting more as a support for the two inner walls, Wall 3 is positioned down the slope and had to be built higher to support the weight of the 180 degree flat roof. This wall is 317 centimetres high and 354 centimetres in length. Being the furthest from the massive block of sandstone pushing against Wall 1, Wall 3 exhibits the least damage. All four layers of blocks that make up Wall 3 are complete, the bottom foundation stone is 354 x 190 cms, and the three layers above are basically of the same dimensions. The stone above the base block measures 354 x 40 cms, above that it is 354 x 43 cms, and the top stone (which takes the considerable weight of the sandstone above) is almost identical measuring 354 x 44 cms. Each shaped block is level at top and bottom, creating an almost seamless join.
To begin with, Wall 2 was all there was, and as it was with Wall 3, was made up of four layers. Constructed two metres up the slope, the foundation stone is exactly the same height as Wall 3 but 46 cms longer (400 x 190). In total the wall is 292 cms high and 489 cms at its longest point. The three horizontal layers above are not as high as those in Wall 3 and need to compensate for the 25 cm rise in the floor level so that this wall can share the load of the flat sandstone shelf/ceiling with Wall 3. The second level is made of two blocks, one 44 x 21 cms and the adjoining block 182 x 21 cms. The third layer is made up of five rectangular rocks, 20 x 15 cms, 25 x 15 cms, 59 x 15 cms, 65 x 15 cms and 77 x 15 cms. Being quite narrow it is quite possible there may have been two or maybe three blocks when originally constructed, but due to age and slippage above, these rocks could have cracked and split. The two capstone rocks above are much thicker and obviously separate to begin with, measuring 264 x 66 cms and 285 x 66 cms.
Of particular interest, and the primary focus of this excursion into country, was that the lines and seams evident on the face of Wall 2 span around the corner and along the face of Wall 4. It is for that reason that we saw no purpose in measuring this wall, they are identical to Wall 2. Moreover, we detected between layer two and three what looks suspiciously like mortar.
As we downed tools and pencils and began to walk away, we did so with mixed emotions and an uneven scorecard. Although fully satisfied with what was measured, recorded, drawn and deduced, when we paused and looked back, my companion and I both felt compelled to raise the same issue: the incredible weight of the overlaying sandstone shelf sitting atop three supporting walls. Flat is flat, and 180 degrees is 180 degrees sitting on a 45 degree slope. The three walls take the weight evenly and the rocks share angles, edges and measurements well beyond the realm of coincidence.
The real problems for any critic claiming this is all an unusual instance of natural geological processes are that the degree of the descent (approximately 45 degrees) is in contradiction with three straight parallel walls, and the sheer quantity of rocks with straight lines and right angles that form this entrance. If hundreds of tonnes of sandstone was sliding down the hill, any stationary rock, no matter what the size, will experience pressure in greater degrees increasing from bottom to top. As such, any resulting fractures should not run in straight lines and right angles. Straight lines are in direct opposition to the spread of force from above.
In our opinion there is only question left to determine: before or after? Were the walls built first then the rock platform placed on top, or was the shelf already jutting out with the walls and tunnels fashioned around and into the existing sandstone? Whatever the answer, it is clearly ancient and was constructed through the application of tools and technology supposedly not present in Australia before the British Invasion.
Unlike many other sites, the hazards of access and severity of the slope (standing upright unassisted is nigh on impossible) guarantee that vandals and those lacking cultural respect will never find this sacred place. The greatest problem is not arrogance but gravity, which has its own agenda. The time will soon come when the remaining ten metres of tunnel will narrow and seal, the wall bearing the brunt of this descent is beginning to crack and crumble, and no doubt Walls 2 and 4 will erode down the same path.
In closing, we will briefly examine the most pressing issue: who made this? There is no less than 19.77 metres of wall underneath a massive sandstone shelf that just shouldn't be there if standard texts and curricula are correct. At the very least, metal blades and refined masonry skills are essential to its construction, even if it was built on a flat platform. The difficulties in construction are magnified many times over on a slope with such a dramatic incline. We have already identified many artefacts, engravings and constructions in the immediate area that bear an ancient Egyptian influence or input, and it is possible they were responsible. As radical as that may appear, we regard their involvement as the more conservative option of all possible explanations.
When Klaus Dona directed us to this site, we were successful. Then he sent us another out-of-the-way location to investigate, and once again, another success – we actually found something even more amazing (I'll more on that site soon). The problem is: two out of two sounds impressive, but there are over 140 more sites yet to investigate in the same general area. There was something absolutely massive here; a huge complex of which these three walls at this site, and the walls and decidedly odd rock at the other site, are merely an opening gambit. Egyptian? Well it is possible, remotely so, but we are more inclined to look much, much further back in time – and to not so readily discount talk of the earlier civilisations of Atlantis and, particularly, Lemuria or Mu.
Irrespective of the merits of our musings, this construction is not natural, not made after the British Invasion but well before, and not created through the use of any version of Original stone and stick technology. These are facts not opinions. What also cannot be denied is that whatever was built in ancient times at this site in Australia opens up a new page in world history.
All photos © Ryan Mullins for Wake Up World.
About the author:
Steven Strong is an Australian-based researcher, author and former high school teacher. Together with his son Evan, his work is to explore the ancient story of the Original people, a narrative that was almost lost to aggressive European colonisation.
Edited and additional commentary by Andy Whiteley for Wake Up World.
This article © Wake Up World.
Story highlights Class-action suit brought by Adriana Leon requires ICE to change policy on home raids
Agents had stormed into Latino homes in middle of night, pulling people out of bed
Leon: ICE agents terrified families and did not have permission or warrants
Leon: ICE must be held to the same legal standards as everyone else to avoid abuses
In the cold, predawn hours of February 20, 2007, shortly after 4 a.m., armed men stormed into the home I owned with my family and burst into my bedroom, shouting at me to show my hands.
My husband had left for work, and our 4-year-old son began to cry with fright. I stumbled out of bed in my nightclothes to the family living area, terrified and confused. Two armed men were coming upstairs from our basement, having searched it without permission, and others were demanding that we tell them the location of my ex-husband, with whom I had not lived for several years. As I had reported to the immigration service on my daughters' citizenship applications, I had been remarried for four years.
The men acted as if they had the right to be in our home, but we knew to ask questions: Who were they? Did they have a warrant? They refused to identify themselves or show a warrant, and they put their hands on their guns when we tried to move.
They interrogated my 12-year-old daughter and ordered my brother, a U.S. citizen since he was a teenager, to produce his papers. That's when I realized the men were U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. When they left, they threatened to return.
The same scene was happening all over New York: Armed agents surrounding homes, pounding on doors and windows, ordering residents to open the door and storming in, sometimes damaging doors and walls, sometimes pointing guns as they entered.
It didn't seem to matter to the agents whether they found the person they were looking for or if frightened people in the home could not produce papers. The agents arrested people even if they hadn't been a target. The ICE agents had no judicial warrants; instead, they claimed that the rudely awakened men, women and sometimes children in the homes had provided consent.
Last week, more than six years and many court battles later, our class-action suit Aguilar v ICE , which included 22 New York men, women and children, was settled in Federal District Court for a million dollars.
ICE has also been required to change national training and policy to conform with existing law to avoid further abuses from home raids. We are proud of this accomplishment, even though we know that home raid operations have continued in the Obama era, most notably in Tennessee and Alabama, where Latinos report ICE engaging in the very same unconstitutional behavior that traumatized my family.
During those raids in 2006 and 2007, thousands of terrified people, mostly Latino, were pulled out of bed. ICE claimed it was looking for people not suspected of a crime, but merely those in violation of civil immigration laws.
Although ICE was supposedly seeking fugitives -- people who may have evaded a deportation order -- most of the people they arrested had never had any encounter with the agency before. They were arrested because many ICE agents were operating under a quota policy that gave credit for arrests of any undocumented person, not just the target.
Citizens and lawful permanent residents like us were not immune; if ICE had an old address for someone they were looking for, that address was fair game.
In the home of three of the other people in our case, ICE knew it had already deported the person it were seeking. But agents invaded anyway, storming inside after a 12-year-old girl opened the door in her pajamas. ICE invaded the home of another family in our case twice in little more than a year, because when agents didn't find their target the first time, they didn't bother to record the mistake.
It seemed that being Latino, and nothing more, was enough to arouse suspicion . ICE declined to enter the homes of white residents who opened their doors in shock. Latino men and women were handcuffed before they were even asked about their status, and some agents even admitted to using the derogatory word "wet" to describe the Latinos they encountered.
I studied the U.S. Constitution in order to naturalize. I knew that the government is not supposed to enter your home without a warrant or handcuff you only because you are Latino. But that night in 2007, and in the months after, I lost a sense of hope in our government's ability to make its own agents obey the law.
The fact that ICE has agreed to some changes helps me regain that hope.
As the country debates immigration reform and enforcement, we owe it to ourselves to hold ICE's leaders and agents accountable and to make sure that they are subject to the same laws as everyone else.
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion
One of the earliest signs that a person doesn't understand what atheism is comes when they spell "atheism" or "atheist" with a capital A in the middle of a sentence. In English, this is only grammatical with proper nouns, and thus this signals that the person imagines atheism to a BS a proper noun—in other words, some sort of ideology or religion like Christianity or Objectivism. When you see someone inappropriately capitalizing atheism, beware.
Little Things Are Important
At first blush, it might appear petty to worry about grammar, but it's not at all petty in this case. It's one thing to make minor mistakes—everyone does, and a certain amount of tolerance of mistakes should be maintained. Consistently spelling atheism and atheist with a capital A in the middle of the sentence is not, however, a minor spelling issue.
This matters because it matters if a person falsely believes atheism is an ideology rather than simply the absence of belief in gods. This not only means that they don't even comprehend the basic definition of atheism, but are in fact working from a definition which will cause them to draw all sorts of incorrect conclusions about atheists. Most of the myths about atheism do, in fact, stem from thinking that atheism is a belief system.
So if you see a person capitalizing atheism and atheist in the middle of a sentence, you need to cut short the conversation and educate them about what atheism is. You need to do this before the conversation starts winding down blind alleys that lead nowhere—a common occurrence with Christians trying to critique an idea about "atheism" which has no connection to reality.
A Sign of Respect?
The most creative excuse I've seen for misspelling atheism and atheist is that it's supposed to be a sign of "respect." I've been assured that the person did understand that atheism is merely an absence of belief in gods, but was convinced that atheism deserved to be treated with the same respect as Christianity and thus should be capitalized just as Christianity is capitalized.
This excuse is so weak that I hardly know where to begin. Perhaps it's sufficient to point out that capitalization in English has nothing whatsoever to do with "respect" and everything to do with separating out proper nouns. If a person does believe that capitalization is done out of "respect," then they don't even comprehend basic English grammar, and you should beware of them even more than if they merely didn't understand atheism.
Republican neurosurgeon Ben Carson hosted a choir singing an Eminem cover and vowed not to be "politically correct" at the event announcing his run for president in 2016. Here are those key moments and more. (AP)
DETROIT — If Ben Carson wants you to know anything from his presidential announcement here Monday, it's that he's not your typical candidate.
“I'm not a politician,” he said just moments after taking the stage in his hometown to announce, “I'm Ben Carson and I'm a candidate for president for the United States.”
And it certainly wasn't a typical announcement. Carson, a neurosurgeon and political neophyte, sat in the audience of his own announcement while a choir sang a version of Eminem's “Lose Yourself.” He took the stage at the Detroit Music Hall Center for the Performing Arts without notes to give a meandering speech about his hope for a less-intrusive government, about personal responsibility and about his own upbringing as a poor black child in Detroit.
“I remember when our favorite drug dealer was killed,” he said at one point. Carson wrote the speech just the night before after learning that his mother only has days to live. His plan had been to travel to Iowa directly after the announcement for his first political rally as a declared candidate. Instead he will travel to Dallas to say a final farewell to his mother.
Carson also touched on the unrest in Baltimore, a city he used to call home, saying: "People have lost hope and therefore an opportunity arises to break into a place and to loot it and stuff your pocket with things," he said. "Some people actually find it easier to collect benefits than to work a minimum-wage job. So can you really blame someone who decides to take that. But what it is doing is extinguishing the can-do attitude."
The announcement is the latest stop on a sudden journey to conservative superstardom. Carson, 63, burst onto the political scene in 2013 when — addressing the typically nonpartisan National Prayer Breakfast — he spoke about the dangers of political correctness, put forward the idea of a flat tax, and criticized President Obama's health-care law. What made it stand out: He did it right beside a steely-faced Obama.
That week, the Wall Street Journal ran an editorial titled “Ben Carson for President.” He made the rounds on Fox News, where at one point Sean Hannity told Carson that he would vote for him “in a heartbeat.” By August of that year, there was a "National Draft Ben Carson for President Committee."
The media whirlwind was hardly his first brush with fame. Before taking the conservative world by storm, Carson was famous for an up-from-his-bootstraps life story in which a young black kid growing up in poverty became, at the age of 33, the youngest major division director in Johns Hopkins Hospital history.
Ben Carson is a renowned pediatric neurosurgeon and Republican contender for the White House in 2016. Here's his take on Obamacare, homosexuality and more, in his own words. (Julie Percha/The Washington Post)
He was the first pediatric neurosurgeon to successfully separate twins conjoined at the head and wrote a best-selling book, “Gifted Hands,” about his life. Actor Cuba Gooding Jr. played the doctor in a movie about his life story.
His plan at the beginning for 2013 was to retire from medicine and spend his days in Florida relaxing and learning how to play the organ. But that all changed after the Prayer Breakfast speech, in large part because of the efforts of John Philip Sousa IV (yes, he's related to the composer) and Vernon Robinson, who started the "Draft Ben Carson" effort. To date, according to Sousa, the group has raised close to $16 million — more than the Ready for Hillary PAC raised — has gotten a half-million signatures encouraging Carson to run, and has 30,000 active volunteers across the country.
[As Ben Carson bashes Obama, many blacks see a hero's legacy fade]
“I continue to travel around five or six states a week,” Carson told The Washington Post in an interview. “And wherever I go there are huge enthusiastic crowds of people saying, 'You're our hope.' That made me believe that I owe it to those hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of people who feel that way.”
Carson has made a name for himself as a “tell it like he sees it” insurgent. This has won him fans for his bluntness. It has also won him critics for exactly that reason. He's gotten himself into political hot water by saying that Obamacare is the “worst thing that has happened in this nation since slavery,” said the current-day United States is “very much like Nazi Germany” and said that allowing same-sex marriage could lead to allowing bestiality.
Carson said that if he could go back in time, he'd have said things differently. But he's not about to lose his apolitical way of talking.
“I'm not even asking everybody to vote for me,” Carson said on stage. “I'm just asking everybody to listen to what I'm saying, what politicians are saying, and make a decision based on your intellect.”
NEW YORK, Feb. 5, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Specialty baby retailer giggle, inc. announced today that it has acquired Right Start, Inc. a subsidiary of Liberty Interactive. Right Start is a retailer of premium baby gear and products. The combination strengthens giggle's position as a dynamic leader in the newborn/toddler market. The combined company will further the shared vision of a healthy, happy baby by providing consumers with best-in-class baby/juvenile products to make the transition to parenthood smooth, easy, fun and smart.
The transaction will unite the giggle and Right Start businesses under the giggle, inc. umbrella. giggle will be the majority owner of the combined business, with Liberty Interactive maintaining a meaningful stake. "We look forward to joining forces with giggle to continue enhancing our customers' experience at this pivotal point in their lives," said Robin Pringle, Vice President, Corporate Development at Liberty Interactive.
Following the acquisition, corporate offices will transition to New York City, under the leadership of current giggle CEO Beth Guastella. giggle and Right Start will maintain their separate brands and continue to operate and grow their respective platforms. "Combining these great brands creates a dynamic business with enhanced revenue and margin expansion opportunities resulting in an exciting platform for large scale, domestic and international expansion," said David Janke, giggle Board Member and Managing Member, Blackswan Partners.
The new structure will increase presence in key existing markets, enhance customer service, and accelerate branded product development. New and expectant parents can anticipate greater value, with an increase in product assortment. "With this transaction, we are expanding upon giggle's presence as the leading specialty retailer within the newborn/toddler industry. Together with Right Start we will realize meaningful synergies and significantly enhance our growth potential," said Riad Abrahams, giggle Board Member, Chief Strategist and Member of the Private Investment Committee, Maverick Capital.
"The merger of two great, complimentary brands allows us to fully leverage the strengths of each company. This combination is a natural evolution for our businesses as we seek to expand our reach across the country to better serve our existing and new clients," giggle CEO Beth Guastella said. "Combining the power of each brand will create more opportunities for us that further the innovative, trend-forward, and effortless offerings that giggle and Right Start are known for."
Media Contact:
Mfa Ltd.
Samantha Lacher / Jasmine Hampton
giggle@mfaltd.com
212.528.1691
About giggle:
giggle, inc. is a trusted resource for today's design-conscious new parent with a commitment to SMART, CLEAN DESIGN + HAPPY. With retail stores around the United States, an extensive e-commerce business, a licensed products business, and a signature line of giggle baby products, giggle makes the transition to parenthood not only easier, but smarter. giggle helps parents navigate first-time decisions, by carefully curating products in categories including furniture, gear, clothing, toys, bedding, lotions & potions, gifts and more, making sure to keep it simple, stylish, healthy and happy. To find out more about the brand, visit giggle.com.
About Right Start:
Right Start is a leading retailer of juvenile products for infants through toddlers. Right Start offers parents a carefully selected assortment of products for their babies including travel gear, feeding products, décor and toys, both through an ecommerce website and retail locations. Parents have trusted Right Start to offer the most innovative, high-quality, safety tested products for their children for over 30 years. Right Start is a subsidiary of Liberty Interactive Corporation and attributed to the Liberty Ventures Group (NASDAQ: LVNTA, LVNTB) tracking stock.To learn more about the brand, visit rightstart.com.
SOURCE giggle, inc.
Related Links
http://www.giggle.com
Quote Hey folks,
I wanted to pass on some important information for you in preparation for Shadow of Revan. As many of you know, in SoR there is a Mission you receive which is a unique Classs mission, meaning there is one for each Class. What I wanted to let you know is that in order to go on this Mission, you must have completed Act 3 on that character. That unique Mission is a continuation from Act 3, so you must have progressed your story to that point.
Note that this Class Mission is separate from the "critical path" of Shadow of Revan, so if you don't want to do this Class Mission, you can still progress through the expansion storyline. Although, it is of course highly recommended that you play through that Class Mission as well
TLDR - To play the new Class Mission in SoR, you must have cleared Act 3.
-eric
Eric Musco | Community Manager
Follow us on Twitter @SWTOR | Like us on Facebook
[Contact Us] [Rules of Conduct] [F.A.Q.]
Buy Photo Todd Moyer, a strength and conditioning coach for the Michigan State University men's basketball team, appeared for a preliminary hearing in Monroe County District Court on Wednesday, Dec. 20, 2017. He was bound over to trial Jan. 26, 2018. (Photo: Christopher Haxel | Lansing State Journal)Buy Photo
MONROE - Prosecutors say a Michigan State University strength and conditioning coach texted a link to a strip club's website moments before his speeding pickup truck slammed into the back of another car this summer, killing a mother and her five-year-old daughter.
Todd Moyer, 38, of Holt, faces one charge of reckless driving causing death, although prosecutors said at a hearing Wednesday in Monroe County District Court that they intend to add a second count of the same charge.
Reckless driving causing death is a felony that can garner a prison sentence of up to 15 years, but Chief Assistant Prosecutor Michael Roehrig said a successful conviction on two counts could be sentenced consecutively. That means Moyer potentially faces up to 30 years in prison.
Moyer, who trains the MSU men's basketball team, was driving southbound on U.S. 23 near Dundee when the crash happened about 2:20 p.m. on Friday, July 14.
Construction along that stretch of highway led crews to reduce southbound traffic from two lanes to one just before the site of the crash, officials said.
The crash happened where two lanes were still open, but vehicles had slowed and started merging into the left lane, other motorists testified at Wednesday's preliminary hearing.
The hearing, in which Judge Jarod Calkins will rule if there is enough evidence for Moyer to face trial, is set to conclude Jan. 10.
Court records indicate Moyer's pickup truck was traveling 78 mph in a 70 mph zone when he crashed into a Hyundai sedan driven by Gladys Johnson. The truck's brakes were not applied before impact, according to records.
Johnson, 35, and her 5-year-old daughter, Za-Kira Johnson, both of Redford, were pronounced dead at the scene.
MORE: MSU strength and conditioning coach was allegedly texting when fatal crash occurred
In the 20 minutes preceding the crash — from 2 p.m. to 2:20 p.m. — Moyer sent six text messages and received 17, court records show.
At 2:09 p.m. and 2:10 p.m. he conducted a Google search for "big talk urban dictionary" and "big talk," Roehrig wrote in one of the documents.
At 2:19 p.m. Moyer searched for "steip (sic) clubs delaware ohio," Roehrig wrote. Then, at 2:20 p.m., Moyer sent a text including the link to a strip club near Columbus, Ohio.
"That search — viewed together with the other two Google searches — is further evidence that (Moyer) willfully engaged in distractive behavior while operating his vehicle in an expressway, even if not technically 'texting while driving,'" Roehrig continued.
Michael Nichols, Moyer's attorney, had argued that the contents of Moyer's searches and text messages should not be presented as evidence during Moyer's preliminary hearing.
Before Wednesday's hearing, Calkins ruled that the evidence is potentially relevant and will not be excluded.
Todd Moyer (Photo: Courtesy / Monroe County Jail)
Jeff Corie, a Monroe County Sheriff's Deputy, testified that he was among the first emergency personnel to arrive at the scene of the crash.
Based on the damage to the truck, Corie said he asked Moyer if he'd been drinking or had taken any medication.
Moyer said he had not. Then, Corie said, he asked Moyer if he'd been texting.
"(Moyer) lowered his head and he said one word, and it was 'yes,'" Corie testified.
Moyer sent another six text messages in the minutes after the crash, Roehrig wrote.
One, at 2:26 p.m., said he wouldn't make it to his Dayton, Ohio destination: "Not coming. Car is totaled."
The next one said, "Omg. I'm f----. Two ppl killed."
Finally: "I'm going to jail."
Moyer is free after posting $25,000 bond. Three more law enforcement officers are expected to testify in January before Calkins makes his ruling.
MSU Athletic Director Mark Hollis said after Moyer was charged in November that the coach would not be traveling with the team on a trip to Chicago Nov. 13.
MSU Associate Athletic Director/Communications Matt Larson said Thursday Moyer was suspended with pay on Nov. 15 and "has not worked with the team or performed any other job function" since. The length of the suspension is "indefinite," he said.
Contact Christopher Haxel at 517-377-1261 or chaxel@lsj.com. Follow him on Twitter @ChrisHaxel.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/2BVdfwP
Not since Vietnam has an American president conducted such a pointless and ultimately self-destructive war—that is, the escalating hostilities that Donald Trump and his White House staff have been waging against the Fourth Estate.
The president's designation of The New York Times as “evil” in a hot stone massage of an interview published Tuesday by Breitbart News's sycophantic Washington political editor, Matthew Boyle, is only the latest broadside in a series of attacks that began in 2015, when the former reality television star regularly called journalists “scum” and “the lowest form of life,” and frequently incited his wrathful campaign crowds against individual reporters on the press stand.
Even Jon Stewart, a severe critic of what he perceives as journalists' laziness, superficiality, and self-aggrandizement, has leapt into the fray. During an antic appearance on Monday's Late Show with Stephen Colbert, the former Daily Show host admonished the media: “I say stop your whining.”
The question is: Can or should members of the news media do anything collectively to answer Trump's weaponized words?
“No, I think it's hard to get a consensus on anything when you have a hundred reporters working the story,” said National Journal contributing editor Tom DeFrank, who began covering the White House for Newsweek magazine when Lyndon Johnson was president in 1968. “Trump is my 10th president. I think his attacks are part of a political strategy, which is unfortunate, because it's ultimately divisive. Reporters should never give advice to presidents, but he's better off being a uniter than a divider.”
DeFrank added: “What I'd like to see is this war dialed back to a ceasefire and maybe we can get to détente. And the press should report on the president as fairly and as honestly as it can and shrug off the epithets, although sometimes it's hard.”
Former CNN Washington bureau chief Frank Sesno agreed that collective action is not in the cards. “I'm not sure what the White House press corps can do to rectify the situation. They don't control it,” said Sesno, director of the school of media and public affairs at George Washington University. “What the White House Correspondents Association can do is advocate both privately and publicly for equitable treatment of legitimate news organizations, especially if there is systematic harassment or selective access to events that should be open-coverage…
“What won't work and shouldn't happen,” Sesno told The Daily Beast, “is the media getting into a public food fight with the White House. That's not appropriate. The media shouldn't make themselves the story.”
The battle reached DEFCON 1 last Friday when Trump declared journalists “the enemy of the American people” to ecstatic cheers at the Conservative Political Action Conference.
His embattled White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, then put teeth in that accusation by barring half a dozen major news organizations from an off-camera briefing in his office.
That move drew a “strong” protest from the WHCA, which released a statement “encourag[ing] the organizations that were allowed in to share the material with others in the press corps who were not.” The statement added: “The board will be discussing this further with White House staff.”
WHCA president Jeff Mason, a Reuters correspondent, told The Daily Beast: “It's challenging to navigate the needs of the press corps while maintaining a tone that makes us on the WHCA board an honest broker with the White House… I think we have achieved significant results from our robust advocacy, although not everything has gone well.”
Mason—who was critiqued as not tough enough and possibly a “weenie” in a column this week by Poynter Institute media writer James Warren—has a nearly impossible job, dealing with a press secretary with a famously short fuse and trying to extract cooperation from a White House staff that takes its marching orders from the Leader of the Anti-Media World.
“Jeff Mason is a saint,” said Tom DeFrank, himself a former WHCA president during President Ronald Reagan's first term.
Mason cites as victories the fact that Spicer holds near-daily briefings—something that was by no means assured in the days leading up to Trump's inauguration. And in contrast to last Friday's debacle, Tuesday's “gaggle,” as an informal off-camera Q&A is called, was held not in Spicer's office but in the James S. Brady Briefing Room, where there was plenty of room for all.
But in his column, Warren warned: “Friday's outrage over the gaggle in Spicer's office is a hint of things to come. It was a toe in the water. It's like, as a friend puts it, ‘The Trump administration is basically boiling the frog, and the frog is better off not being tepid when the water turns lukewarm.'” (Mason declined to comment on Warren's fault-finding.)
Warren also was dubious about the prospect of a news organization banding together against the White House assaults.
“People in that place can't even get an agreement on bullshit background briefings,” he told The Daily Beast, citing the age-old irritant of the White House insisting that reporters who attend certain policy briefings must agree not to use the briefers' names, even if they happen to be members of the Cabinet.
Warren, a former top editor at the Chicago Tribune and an ex-Washington bureau chief of the New York Daily News, added that competitive pressures would likely discourage mainstream media outlets from boycotting background briefings, to say nothing of gaggles from which their counterparts had been barred.
“What happens when The Daily Caller gets this little nugget and beats us on it?” he told The Daily Beast, adding that perhaps a positive outcome of the toxic tension at the Trump White House is that fewer reporters will depend on access. “It's especially egregious in Washington; too many journalists make a priority of getting access and end up being captives of the folks they're reporting on. You might get a little morsel here and there, but you also get neutered, and too often in D.C., reporters are seeking access to get lied to.”
Spicer, a longtime Republican operative who was widely liked and respected by the Washington media, seems to have departed from protocol—and perhaps taken leave of his senses—by planting an apparently false derogatory item about Politico reporter Alex Isenstadt, who helped break the story of Spicer demanding his staff's cellphones and giving them to the White House counsel's office in order to examine and identify leakers.
According to Washington Post media blogger Erik Wemple Spicer threatened Isenstadt with planting the nasty item during a phone interview—claiming that the reporter laughed about the death of Navy SEAL Ryan Owens (a claim Isenstadt denies), and then followed through with his threat, giving the story to the right-leaning Washington Examiner, which published it late Sunday.
“Here we have a White House official threatening to go to extreme lengths in an apparent effort to quash a pending story, or at least a component of it,” Wemple wrote. “That's hardly a surprise given what that story itself documented about this man's attempts to stifle leaks.”
Spicer couldn't have been thrilled Tuesday when President Trump gave an interview to Fox & Friends in which he nit-picked the way the press secretary handled the cellphone incident.
“I would have done it differently,” Trump said. “I would have gone one-on-one with different people.”
The president added that Spicer is “a fine human being”—language similar to the words he used after firing then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
Spicer didn't respond to a text message from The Daily Beast.
As for collective action against the White House machine, Kyle Pope, editor and publisher of the Columbia Journalism Review, is a rare advocate of limited journalistic togetherness.
“I'm a fan of a bit more collaboration in support of people who get frozen out or shut out of briefings,” he said. “Reporters who are there should ask their [the outcasts'] question. It's all one of the upsides of the White House's attack on the press: It's given journalists a renewed sense of their common purpose and mission, which is to report the news regardless of what this administration has to say about it.”
Meanwhile, as the president was trashing the Times as a spawn of Satan, the Trump-endorsing National Rifle Association reinforced that message, in what looked very much like a coordinated pincer movement, by posting a video Tuesday parodying the Times commercial that aired during the Oscar telecast.
The NRA's spot claims that now that Trump is president, the truth doesn't matter to the Times, which allegedly gave short shrift to Chicago crime and the attack in Benghazi because such stories would upset liberals and injure President Obama.
The Times fired back at the NRA: “Our commitment to the truth isn't new, it dates back 166 years. And each and every story mentioned in their video, from Benghazi to crime in Chicago, was covered in deep and rich detail by Times reporters who in some cases—Libya, for instance—risked their lives to get at the truth.”
Jon Stewart, for his part, exhorted the media to stop “worrying about whether Trump is un-American or if he thinks you're the enemy, or if he's being mean to you or if he's going to let you go back into the briefings. Do something for yourselves. Self-improvement. Take up a hobby. I recommend journalism.”
When it comes to Toy Story, Disney's Hollywood Studios is the ultimate park for fans because of the incredibly popular attraction, Toy Story Midway Mania; however, there is a lesser known “attraction” just across the walkway where fun can also be found: Woody's Picture Shootin' Corral.
WATCH:
Now, I have a confession to make. I have lived here in Orlando for six years and been to the parks almost every single week during that time, and only now did I discover this hidden gem. Previously, I always walked passed it, thinking, “Oh. There is that Buzz and Woody meet and greet. There's no time for that!” But Woody's Picture Shootin' Corral is more than a meet and greet. It's a photo op dream for little kids and “big kids,” and I'm still stuck wondering how I missed out on bringing my kids all these years.
Upon entering, the first thing you see is a large “guide” that maps out a path of numerous backdrops where you can place yourself in scenes from Toy Story. The guide not only maps out the locations in the queue but it also mentions a few behavioral guidelines and marks that the photographer and picture subject can look for on the floor to find their positions.
ANDY'S BED
The first stop is Andy's bed. To be more specific, it is in Buzz's box on Andy's bed just like when our favorite space ranger first landed.
SPACE CRANE
The second location allows you to join the Little Green Men as they wait in awe for “the claw” to select them.
SID'S ROOM
It's every toy's nightmare, and yet it is almost a rite of passage it seems. Now you have the opportunity to hide for safety underneath a crate in Sid's room near other misfit toys.
BIG ONE ROCKET
This is possibly my favorite stop on the path–the big one rocket. The reason it's my favorite is because the rocket actually has velcro straps attached to it that you can wrap around yourself as you pose just like Buzz and Woody during their riskiest stunt in the first film.
ZURG
There is no Toy Story without Zurg, and there is no picture shootin' corral without him either.
WOODY'S ROUND-UP
Now we see Toy Story 2 backdrops along the path to meet our Toy Story friends. Join Stinky Pete in his aromatic box that sits smack in the middle of the set that Andy created for the Round-Up gang.
AIRPORT BAGGAGE
And the last scene on your path gives you the chance to jump in a suitcase and the join the toys on that wild conveyor belt in the Toy Story sequel.
MEET THE TOYS
Your last stop actually gives you some personal time with Buzz and Woody who are ready to interact and pose in the picture with you. By the end of your trek through the Picture Shootin' Corral, you will have a album of photos to share online or in a small scrapbook as a souvenir.
0
When I say the word “composer”, there's a good chance that one of three things pops into your mind: Any one of John Williams‘ iconic movie scores, the cinematic horns of Hans Zimmer, or even your favorite cartoon theme song from your childhood. Music helps to inform the emotional journeys our heroes take in television and movies, be it an independent project or big-budget franchise picture. Fast-paced, dynamic scores complement action sequences; powerful musical swells take an epic discovery to new heights; and sombre tones enhance an already emotional moment. Now any creative project is a team effort, but an integral member of those teams is, of course, the composer.
But what exactly does a composer do? What's the scope of their job? And how does someone who's musically inclined even manage to break into this highly competitive industry? It's with those questions in mind that I spoke to active composers Jake Monaco and Sebastian Evans, both of whom were recently mentioned among the top composers in the animation industry, and who kindly gave me a crash course in Composing for TV and movies.
Monaco is currently scoring Amazon's preschoolers show The Stinky & Dirty Show, Netflix's Dinotrux, and Warner Bros. Animation's Be Cool, Scooby Doo!, and recently composed the score for Keeping Up with the Joneses, while Evans is composing music for Nickelodeon's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and has worked on Transformers: Animated, and Ben 10: Omniverse, among others. Their careers, of course, have similarities and differences, just as their own preferences differ despite having a passion for music in common. For example, as far as instruments go, Monaco prefers the guitar and finding new ways to get unique sounds out of it, while Evans loves the piano, which he sees as a versatile and relatively easy instrument that gives you just what you need. Their unique career paths and personal stories exist within the wider shared experience of being composers, which is a nice reminder that there's not one proven path to success. We'll get to that in a bit, but first, an introduction.
Normally when I get a chance to chat with animation professionals, I like to start out by inviting them to revisit their childhood and recall their favorite Saturday morning cartoons and theme songs. Monaco and Evans shared some of their favorites:
Jake Monaco: Definitely DuckTales, [Disney's Adventures of the] GummiBears, A Pup Named Scooby-Doo … I think that will forever be ingrained in my memory. [The Real] Ghostbusters animated series, I was a big fan of also. It's a great moment of nostalgia and thinking back to that feeling as a kid, being so excited for Saturday morning and waking up with a bowl of cereal and sitting in front of the TV for two hours.
Sebastian Evans: Actually, I'm working on Ninja Turtles, so that one definitely pops in. Also, G.I. Joe was a huge one, Transformers was a huge one. All of those theme songs pop into my head as I say them. Bionic 6 was a big one of mine. Captain Planet I watched a lot.
And as for what Evans is currently watching:
Evans: My kids are watching Elena of Avalor, and I don't know who the composer is on it, but it's awesome! The music on there is really good. Kevin Kiner of [Star Wars] Rebels, he did a really good job, as well. I guess I'm watching Cowboy Bebop with Yôko Kanno, but that's not new. I always come back to it every year or two. The whole thing is the complete package for me.
"There are two types of people in the world," he said. "Those who are from Talladega, and those who wish they were."
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama -- On the wall at the Garage Cafe, there's a bumper sticker. Stuck to the upside-down BP sign, hung there after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, it says, "Life is too short to fish with a dead cricket."
Life is too short, indeed.
On Wednesday night, newcomers to the Southside landmark passed that sign not understanding why the bar seemed so solemn. Earlier in the afternoon, the bar's owner, Jimmy Watson, died of complications from a car wreck last Friday.
He was 64.
Watson was not always easy to be friends with. I know because I was lucky to have him as my friend.
One night several years ago I tried, like many others, to convince him that he needed to replace his bar's CD-fed stereo with an iPod or, better yet, a jukebox. He listened intently. He nodded when I explained the benefits of digital music. And I thought I'd sold him on the idea.
But then, just as I was about to leave, he asked me, "Do you have an aquarium in your house?"
I was a bit confused.
"No," I said.
"I think you should get an aquarium for your house," he said.
I smirked and he laughed. He was an Alabama boy and he had hardwired in his DNA what should be the real motto of this state: "I will not be told." No one would convince him they knew his business better than he did.
And what proof did anyone have that they did? In the 20 years the Garage Cafe has been around, it has won its accolades. GQ magazine called it one of the 10 bars in the world worth flying to. Esquire named it one of the best bars in America. "Big Fish" author Daniel Wallace called it "uniquely itself, impossible to replicate."
One night a young woman from a college in town stepped up to the bar to order Jagermeister. The bartender told her that the Garage didn't serve it.
"Why don't you serve Jager?" she said, shrill and as obnoxious as a 21-year-old can while still learning how booze works.
"Because the owner said so," the bartender said.
"Who's the owner?" she shrieked back.
"That man over there," he said.
"Why don't you serve Jager?" she said to the man on the corner stool the regulars called the "smart-ass seat."
"Well," Watson said. "Probably because I don't want to clean up your puke in the morning."
Watson was born in Talladega, the third of four brothers, and he proudly told stories about growing up there in a cinder-block house his dad built.
"There are two types of people in the world," he said. "Those who are from Talladega, and those who wish they were."
Later in life, he'd bring his elderly father, who everyone called "Pops," into the Garage. Before the smoking ban, a sign hung above the bar. It said, "No pipes, no cigars and no nasty-ass cloves. But regular cigarettes are OK."
His father would shuffle into the bar, sit at the table by the door, and immediately pack and puff on his pipe. One day, a young couple sat down with the elder Watson and offered to buy him a drink.
"That's OK," Pops said. "I get mine for free."
"I'm glad to see whose side you're on, Dad," Watson said.
The Garage was Watson's second bar in Birmingham. In the 1970s, he opened his first bar here, the Midnight Voice, which he spoke about as a long-lost love. It was a turbulent time in the city, he said. The cops didn't like it that he let African-Americans in his bar, and because of the grief they caused him, he shut it down.
But there was another opportunity waiting. On 10th Terrace South there was an ancient row of concrete garages which an architect in town had turned into stalls for small businesses. Watson rented one of those stalls and sold food and beer from it. Later, when the businesses there began to wane, he had an idea. He'd cut holes in the walls between a few of the garages and open a bar.
The rusty sign outside said "Garage," but he always referred to it as "the Cafe."
The ambiance was an asset. The patio, with its bric-a-brac and antiques, makes it something like having a cold beer in the Midnight Garden of Good and Evil.
But Watson knew what made a great bar - the staff. He loved them, and after a glass or two or more of Pinot Grigio, he opined over how lucky he was to have such good people working for him. Once a year, the week after Labor Day, he'd close the bar (the only time it was closed, not even for Christmas) and take his crew to the beach for a party there on his dime.
And Watson loved the coast. Last week he made his last trip there. On his way home something happened. Just north of Montgomery, his car crossed the Interstate median, passed through the other lane of traffic, and hit a tree.
At the Garage, Watson often irritated the staff with his focus on picayune details.
"You're using too many napkins," he said.
Or, "Can you turn the music up a notch?"
Or, "Can you turn it down?"
And when the sun went down, he fussed with the window shades, and he'd tell the staff to dim the lights.
He wasn't there to fuss Wednesday night.
But the lights were a little bit dimmer in Birmingham.
This site exists to preserve the teachings of Dr. Rick Roderick. The lectures are transcribed, annotated and accompanied by embedded youtube videos and download links.
Rick Roderick Interviewed by Anne Buttimer (1987)
About Rick Roderick
Rick Roderick was born in Abilene, Texas on June 16, 1949, and received his bachelor's degree at University of Texas, Austin, Texas. He did post-graduate work at Baylor University, and earned his Ph. D. at University of Texas, Austin, Texas. From 1977 to 1978, he was the editor of the Baylor Philosophy Journal, and from 1977 to 1979 he was a member of the Phi Sigma Tau National Honor Society of Philosophy. He was the recipient of the Oldright Fellowship at the University of Texas and served as associate editor to The Pawn Review, and Current Perspectives in Social Theory. He was the undergraduate director of the Duke Marxism and Society Program. He is the author of the book Habermas and the Foundation of Critical Theory (1986), as well as numerous articles in professional journals. He has presented over 24 papers, and published 13 reviews and literary criticisms. From 1977 to 1993, he taught Philosophy, first at Baylor, then University of Texas and then at Duke University.
His areas of specialization were Marx and Marxism, Social and Political philosophy, Critical Theory (Habermas and the Frankfurt School), 19th Century Philosophy, and Contemporary Continental Philosophy. He also taught Ethics, Logic, History of Modern Philosophy, Aesthetics and Existentialism.
He was a four-time nominee for the Alumni Undergraduate Distinguished Professor Teaching Award and has been recognized by the Smithsonian Institute as the best teacher in his field. His “The Philosophy of Human Values” lecture series has been the best selling videotape in the history of academia. He has been published in five countries. His “Habermas and the Foundations of Critical Theory” is an internationally recognized standard in the field. His work has been studied and reviewed worldwide–India, China, Denmark, Germany, etc.
Rick was controversially denied tenure at Duke University in 1993. Very little is known about the circumstances or what happened next. He died on January 18, 2002 of congestive heart failure.
I hope you enjoy these lectures as much as I do… I have listened to them countless times. As the years go by they only become more poignant and eerily prophetic. Bear in mind that the internet and smart phones did not exist when these lectures were recorded.
Guidebook: Philosophy and Human Values (1990)
Guidebook: Nietzsche and the Postmodern Condition (1991)
Guidebook: The Self Under Siege – Philosophy in the 20th Century (1993)
Dragnets Tracking Censorship and Surveillance
The federal institute that sets national standards for how government, private citizens and business guard the privacy of their files and communications is reviewing all of its previous recommendations.
The move comes after ProPublica, The Guardian and The New York Times disclosed that the National Security Agency had worked to secretly weaken standards to make it easier for the government to eavesdrop.
The review, announced late Friday afternoon by the National Institute for Standards and Technology, will also include an assessment of how the institute creates encryption standards.
The institute sets national standards for everything from laboratory safety to high-precision timekeeping. NIST's cryptographic standards are used by software developers around the world to protect confidential data. They are crucial ingredients for privacy on the Internet, and are designed to keep Internet users safe from being eavesdropped on when they make purchases online, pay bills or visit secure websites.
But as the investigation by ProPublica, The Guardian and The New York Times in September revealed, the National Security Agency spends $250 million a year on a project called “SIGINT Enabling” to secretly undermine encryption. One of the key goals, documents said, was to use the agency's influence to weaken the encryption standards that NIST and other standards bodies publish.
“Trust is crucial to the adoption of strong cryptographic algorithms,” the institute said in a statement on their website. “We will be reviewing our existing body of cryptographic work, looking at both our documented process and the specific procedures used to develop each of these standards and guidelines.”
The NSA is no stranger to NIST's standards-development process. Under current law, the institute is required to consult with the NSA when drafting standards. NIST also relies on the NSA for help with public standards because the institute doesn't have as many cryptographers as the agency, which is reported to be the largest employer of mathematicians in the country.
“Unlike NSA, NIST doesn't have a huge cryptography staff,” said Thomas Ptacek, the founder of Matasano Security, “NIST is not the direct author of many of most of its important standards.”
Matthew Scholl, the deputy chief at the Computer Security Division of the institute, echoed that statement, "As NIST Director Pat Gallagher has said in several public settings, NIST is designed to collaborate and the NSA has some of the world's best minds in cryptography." He continued, "We also have parallel missions to protect federal IT systems, so we will continue to work with the NSA."
Some of these standards are products of public competitions among academic cryptography researchers, while others are the result of NSA recommendations. An important standard, known as SHA2, was designed by the NSA and is still trusted by independent cryptographers and software developers worldwide.
NIST withdrew one cryptographic standard, called Dual EC DRGB, after documents provided to news organizations by the former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden raised the possibility that the standard had been covertly weakened by the NSA.
Soon after, a leading cryptography company, RSA, told software writers to stop using the algorithm in a product it sells. The company promised to remove the algorithm in future releases.
Many cryptographers have expressed doubt about NIST standards since the initial revelations were published. One popular encryption library changed its webpage to boast that it did not include NIST-standard cryptography. Silent Circle, a company that makes encryption apps for smartphones, promised to replace the encryption routines in its products with algorithms not published by NIST.
If the NIST review prompts significant changes to existing encryption standards, consumers will not see the benefit immediately. “If the recommendations change, lots of code will need to change,” said Tanja Lange, a cryptographer at the University of Technology at Eindhoven, in the Netherlands. “I think that implementers will embrace such a new challenge, but I can also imagine that vendors will be reluctant to invest the extra time.”
In Friday's announcement, NIST pointed to its long history of creating standards, including the role it had in creating the first national encryption standard in the 1970s — the Data Encryption Standard, known as DES. “NIST has a proud history in open cryptographic standards, beginning in the 1970s with the Data Encryption Standard,” the bulletin said. But even that early standard was influenced by the NSA.
During the development of DES, the agency insisted that the algorithm use weaker keys than originally intended — keys more susceptible to being broken by super computers. At the time, Whitfield Diffie, a digital cryptography pioneer, raised serious concerns about the keys. “The standard will have to be replaced in as few as five years,” he wrote.
The weakened keys in the standard were not changed. DES was formally withdrawn by the institute in 2005.
The announcement is the latest effort by NIST to restore the confidence of cryptographers. A representative from NIST announced in a public mailing list, also on Friday, that the institute would restore the original version of a new encryption standard, known as SHA3, that had won a recent design competition but altered by the institute after the competition ended. Cryptographers charged that NIST's changes to the algorithm had weakened it.
The SHA3 announcement referred directly to cryptographers' concerns. “We were and are comfortable with that version on technical grounds, but the feedback we've gotten indicates that a lot of the crypto community is not comfortable with it,” wrote John Kelsey, NIST's representative. There is no evidence the NSA was involved in the decision to change the algorithm.
The reversal took Matthew Green, a cryptographer at Johns Hopkins University, by surprise. “NIST backed down! I'm not sure they would have done that a year ago,” he said.
Update: A NIST spokesperson responded on Monday afternoon (this story initially stated that NIST declined to comment).
Your double dose of awesome for today: a photo of Mark Twain visiting Nikola Tesla's laboratory in 1894. The image is a ten-minute (!) time-lapse photograph taken for an article in the Century, and in it Twain illuminates one of Tesla's wireless light globes:
Refining his theory on wireless communication, the inventor realized that electrical energy could be transmitted in two distinctly different ways, one as radiation through the air, and the other as conduction through the ground. Today this difference corresponds to FM and AM radio.
…Tesla began to realize that he could design vacuum tubes which would respond only when a precise combination of two or more circuits were being triggered. One of the lamps held by Twain was illuminated in this manner, its dual circuit triggered by a correspopnding dual circuit created by two cables laid around the room.
Afghan villagers gather around the bodies of civilians killed in airstrikes on Nov. 3 in Afghanistan's Kunduz province. (Najim Rahim/AP)
An investigation into a November firefight between Taliban insurgents and joint U.S. and Afghan forces­ has concluded that 33 civilians were killed in the operation, the U.S. military said Thursday.
The battle took place in northern Kunduz province, and two U.S. soldiers and three Afghan troops were also killed. The operation, in Boz Kandahari village, targeted Taliban leaders who the U.S. military said were responsible for deadly incursions in the area, including a brazen assault on the provincial capital in October. The insurgents briefly captured the city's central neighborhoods in a stunning display of strength.
“The investigation determined, regretfully, that 33 civilians were killed and 27 wounded,” a statement from U.S. forces­ in Afghanistan said. The statement said 26 Taliban fighters, including two leaders, were also killed in the November raid — a claim the villagers dispute.
[Leader of Afghan village says no Taliban were present during attack]
“To defend themselves and Afghan ­forces, U.S. forces­ returned fire in self-defense at Taliban who were using civilian houses as firing positions,” the statement said, adding that no further action would be taken. No compensation has been paid to the families of the victims, according to Kunduz lawmaker Fatima Aziz.
“We want the U.S. government to pay reparations,” Aziz said when reached by telephone. “For the loss of civilian lives and the destruction of their houses.”
Civilian casualties have reached record highs in Afghanistan, with most of the civilian deaths attributed to battles in rural areas and to suicide and other bomb attacks. More than 2,500 people were reported killed in the first nine months of 2016.
Air operations were responsible for 133 deaths from January to September, the United Nations said, although only a third of them were caused by airstrikes conducted by foreign ­forces.
In Kunduz, American and Afghan troops called in airstrikes after coming under fire in the village, the U.S. investigative report said.
“Upon arrival at the village, friendly forces­ were soon engaged by the Taliban from multiple civilian buildings,” it said. After they began taking casualties, U.S. forces, who were there to advise and assist Afghan troops, called in airstrikes to “suppress” Taliban fighters who were firing on medevac crews.
“No civilians were seen or identified in the course of the battle,” the U.S. military said, adding that the civilians killed or injured “were likely inside the buildings from which the Taliban were fighting.”
But residents of the village dispute that account. One resident, Jamaluddin, said in an interview in November that everyone was asleep when the troops arrived and that the bombing lasted for five hours.
Allah Dad, 70, said he lost 20 members of his extended family, including grandchildren. His account was confirmed by a spokesman for the Kunduz governor.
“I was away that night — only a few [family members] survived,” Dad said.
“No one has come to help us,” he said, adding that he believes U.S. and Afghan troops should be tried for the raid.
But “we leave all matters to God,” he said, “because we can't do anything.”
In 2015, U.S. aircraft carried out an hours-long air assault on a Kunduz hospital managed by the humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders, killing 42 people.
The U.S. military, which had been called in to support Afghan forces­ battling Taliban fighters in Kunduz city, said its forces­ were “unaware the aircrew was firing on a medical facility.” Doctors Without Borders has said it is not satisfied solely with a military investigation and has called for an independent commission to continue the probe.
About 10,000 U.S. troops remain in Afghanistan to advise and assist Afghan ­forces. Earlier this month, the United States announced that it would deploy 300 more Marines to Helmand province, a Taliban stronghold where fierce fighting has raged in recent months.
Cunningham reported from Istanbul.
Read more:
U.S. acknowledges anti-Taliban airstrikes killed civilians
Civilian casualties hit record highs this year in Afghanistan
NATO and government forces increasingly behind Afghan civilian casualties
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
It was another wild weekend in the NASL. Teams fell that should have won, teams won that really shouldn't have, and a draw frustrated one team's climb to the top of the standings.
Let's take a moment and consider the Spring table. Since the league instituted the split season format, it has typically taken 21 points to win the Spring. Right now, New York Cosmos have 18 and are firmly in the driver's seat to lock down the first playoff spot of the season. But the Cosmos only have one match left for the Spring, and best case scenario it ends the Spring with 21 points (New York's last match is against the suddenly in form Ft. Lauderdale Strikers). But let's consider this, the following teams all have two matches left: Indy Eleven (14 pts), Minnesota United (13 pts), Carolina Railhawks (13 pts) are all within the realm of grasping the Spring title. Of those three, Minnesota has the best chance schedule-wise to overtake the Cosmos. The next two weeks will be exciting to say the least.
For this week's Best Eleven, I would like to take a rather unorthodox approach. Your team can't win every week. Yet regardless of whether your team wins, loses, or draws, your team always announces a Man of the Match. Few things rub salt into the wound for a supporter than being prodded to vote for a Man of the Match in a draw or loss. I get why it's a staple–clubs need sponsors and the MOTM is a means to an end. So your team loses, but you get a Man of the Match (ie, the best player on your team that lost). Of course, the winning team gets to announce what a cynic would call the ‘real' Man of the Match, but whatever.
So, let us celebrate the poor side this week. In goal, Rayo OKC's Daniel Fernandes only missed a cleansheet by a goal. Minnesota United's defensive midfielder Juliano Vicentini led his team to a 2-0 loss to Tampa Bay Rowdies.
Right winger Carl Haworth was able to be Ottawa Fury's most dangerous player in its 2-1 loss to Ft. Lauderdale Strikers.
The winners of those matches felt the need to celebrate their own players such as Cosmos central midfielder Danny Szetela and Tampa Bay's central midfielder Joe Cole. Cole was superb this weekend notching a goal and an assist to win out Player of the Week honor.
Somehow, Miami FC won a game; its first ever victory made possible by central attacking midfielder and only genuine attacking threat Ariel Martinez scored the lone goal against FC Edmonton (denying the Canadian team its chance to win the Spring). And= what about the draw this weekend? Well, leftback Matt Bahner became Jacksonville Armada's leading goal scorer as it drew with Indy Eleven due to Justin Braun‘s second goal in two matches.
This gives us a wonderful mix of player performance, Man of the Match every one of them. So now I have to scrape the bottom of the barrel to fill out this week's Best Eleven with players who performed but got no love from sponsor inspired accolades. But who really cares about defenders if they don't score goals or provide assists? I mean, really. So, I guess, we'll award a spot to New York rightback Hunter Freeman, Miami FC's centerback Rhett Bernstein and Ft. Lauderdale's centerback Gale Agbossoumonde.
There you have it, a 4-3-3 that covers those deemed valuable for both performance and sponsorship reasons. Well, except for Ft. Lauderdale, a team given short shrift this week but we all know that since he arrived its been Ramon Nunez who's carried that team.
A flurry of reports indicates how the US has neither the time nor the ability to defeat the Taliban or build an Afghan state that can deliver real justice to the country.
The failures of General Stanley McChrystal, who resigned in June, and Richard Holbrooke, who died suddenly this week, are symbolic of the crumbling of the twin pillars, both military and civilian, of Barack Obama's counterinsurgency strategy (Coin). The US has now outlasted the Soviet presence of the 1980s and the Afghan war has entered a violent stalemate.
Internal contradictions over the war are laid bare by the latest US government review, which reports modest progress, despite US intelligence services being much more pessimistic about the war. In this one instance we don't need WikiLeaks to tell us that there is no US government consensus about the state of play in Afghanistan.
Meanwhile, both McChrystal and Holbrooke have exited the Afghan stage. While the Rolling Stone article that triggered McChrystal's downfall will be remembered for his criticisms of the Obama administration, of far greater importance was his revelation of the "war within" and how he was unable to slow down the relentless deadly grind of US military operations.
In November the US deployed main battle tanks to Helmand for the first time as part of what the International Crisis Group (ICG) describes as the strategy "to try to pummel the Taliban to bring them to the table". Long forgotten is the emphasis on hearts and minds that sat at the core of the Coin strategy back in February 2009.
The Red Cross has reported that "growing civilian casualties, internal displacement and poor medical care have created a dire humanitarian situation", and at the start of December a BBC national opinion poll in Afghanistan suggested that more Afghans feel that attacks against US or International Security Assistance Force troops are justified than at any time since 2005.
While we can never be sure if it was the stresses surrounding his job that eventually killed Holbrooke, his death means the loss of hundreds of hours spent building up personal relationships with key figures in Afghanistan. Holbrooke did not live to read the new Chatham House report, which heavily criticises the Afghan government, highlighting how "illegal land grabs, the political marginalisation of tribal and factional rivals and arbitrary detention have motivated Afghans to join or support the Taliban".
The report goes so far as to describe the country as a "mafia" state. The notion of building effective security forces to represent and defend the government is an almost impossible task akin to trying to build a fortress on quicksand. The ICG highlighted in November how, while an "alluring narrative of a successful counterinsurgency campaign has begun to take shape", the reality is that "Afghanistan still lacks a cohesive national security strategy and the Afghan military and police remain dangerously fragmented and highly politicised".
The Chatham House report agrees that building up the security forces without enshrining principles of justice in the Afghan state allows opposing forces to flourish in what remains essentially a civil conflict with both regional and international dimensions. It quotes Nato officers' own assertions that military operations have little point if nothing is done to reform the very character of the Kabul government.
Yet the American effort would appear to have bet all its chips on Afghan president Hamid Karzai's ability to succeed, despite the report's warnings that "Karzai appears to accept that injustice at the hands of the government has driven many to fight, but not, it seems, the extent of his own responsibility as head of state".
Justice is tied to fundamental principles of legitimacy, which consist of far more than a series of elections. The genesis of the Taliban was partly a reaction to deep-seated government corruption. Yet Holbrooke, despite his statesman credentials, was more part of a consistent US drive for short-term expediency than any longer-term vision for the country.
In short, the reason why the US has been in Afghanistan for so long is not because it wants to be there but because it has no idea how to leave. As long as injustice and illegitimacy remain, there will be potent rallying calls for violent attacks against the institutions of government.
Arguably the Chatham House report has arrived nine years too late. While it rightly recommends avoiding "shortcuts to stability" and endorses long-term perspectives, it perhaps fails to recognise that the political will has been steadily draining away. The report warns against the notion of hoping for stability without justice, yet this is more or less the exact prescription that allowed the US to "surge" and then leave Iraq with a narrative of supposed success.
The apparent failure of the "surge" to bring about a similar stability in Afghanistan is likely to lead to countries committing themselves to deadlines regardless of events, with the British government's 2015 commitment a prime example.
Crypto Asset Management Funds
ecurrencyhodler Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 4, 2017
An Easy Entry Point For New Investors
One of the primary barriers to cryptocurrency is how difficult it is to buy coins through exchanges. I've registered for several exchanges myself and have found it to be a frustrating process at times: Is the exchange trustworthy? How long do I have to wait to get verified? Will my bank transfer go through? Why doesn't their customer support get back to me?
Crypto Asset Managed Funds may be one of the answers to this problem by allowing new investors to track multiple coins from one platform as well as hedge against significant losses with a diverse portfolio.
What are Crypto Asset Managed Funds(CAMF)?
Crypto Asset Managed Funds pool money from a group of people to buy larger amount of coins to yield larger profits. Instead of having to register through 3 different exchanges, you simply log in into a CAMF platform. On these platforms, you'll be able to choose among different baskets (or pre-chosen cryptoportfolios) to invest in. Some CAMFs even have plans to allow experienced traders to create their own baskets in the near future.
One disadvantage of a CAMF is that the fees are higher than if you were to buy them directly off an exchange. However, this is well worth the cost when you consider the amount of stress and waiting a new investor might have to endure in order to buy the coins they want. Also, having a diversified portfolio will give them exposure to the market while mitigating losses.
What Kind of CAMFs Are There?
Managed Funds can be broadly split into 2 categories: active management and passive management.
Actively Managed Funds
These types of funds are managed by traders who seek to “beat the market.” They actively trade in an attempt to “buy high and sell low” according to perceived market trends. Some are highly profitable, most are not.
Passively Managed Funds
These types of managed funds create portfolios based on proven market trends called an index. The philosophy behind Passive Management is the Efficient Market Hypothesis. It states:
“Stocks always trade at their fair value on exchanges, making it impossible for investors to either purchase undervalued stocks or sell stocks for inflated prices. As such, it should be impossible to outperform the overall market through expert stock selection or market timing, and the only way an investor can possibly obtain higher returns is by purchasing riskier investments.” http://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/efficientmarkethypothesis.asp
The goal of these funds are to invest in low-risk and low-cost portfolios. However, Passively Managed Funds are not simply a “buy and hold” approach. They also make trades in order to readjust the ratios in their baskets to remove poorly performing coins. However, this occurs less frequently than actively managed funds. The potential gains of a passively managed fund are not as extravagant as successful actively managed fun. However, its growth is consistent.
Are There Any CAMFs Right Now?
PC: Thanks to the moderators of www.reddit.com/iconomi
Iconomi is a Slovenia based company that raised $10 million in its ICO for the token ICN. 60% of those funds have been set aside for company use and development while 40% of that has been used to seed their first Digital Asset Array (DAA), or basket. In the Q2 of 2017, this DAA increased 402.4% with their entire book value at $108,549,800.00. How ICN holders will benefit from this performance is addressed here: https://iconomi.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002851065-ICN-token
Their website is currently open for registration and will allow access to the Columbus Capital Blockchain Index (BLX), Columbus Capital Pinta (CCP), and Columbus Capital Blockchain.ONE.
BLX is a passively managed index fund, CCP is an actively managed fund, and Blockchain.ONE is a passively managed fund based on Blockchian Index investment strategy and will be listed on the traditional internationally regulated exchanges.
PC: Thanks to the moderators of www.reddit.com/peercoin
Indicium(IND) is another Crypto Asset Management Fund that is currently in development. Indicium sets itself apart from other CAMFs in that it seeks to be an attribute-weighted index fund. This means it will be passively managed and use a specialized strategy in order to outperform traditional index funds. For its first index, the attribute will be a proprietary measure that will focus on stability. Future indexes may have a more aggressive approach.
Another unique characteristic of Indicum is that it will use robots to manage their funds. Indicium will create programs, or oracles, that follow pre-set rules that reflect each index's unique attribute to trade on exchanges. This is a significant departure from Actively Managed Funds that are traded by humans. For more information, please refer to Peercoin Pulse's article here.
Indicium has already gone through Series A of fundraising and will be slated to go through Series B in the future through the Peer Assets protocol built off of Peercoin.
PC: Thanks to prism.exchange
Would you rather create your own baskets without handing over your fiat or coins to a third party like Iconomi or Indicium? Prism, the world's first trustless asset portfolio platform, may be for you.
Back in May 23 at the blockchain summit Consensus 2017, Shapeshift made waves across the cryptocommunity by announcing Prism. This platform allows investors to create their own portfolios, or what they call prisms, through ethereum smart contracts.
In order to do this, first you'd submit an ethereum address to Prism and then send ETH to it as collateral. You would then select coins to create your own personalized cryptoportfolio. However, you can only select as many coins as the value of ETH you initially provided. To cash out, you would simply close your prism and pay a fee. You can read more about the specific process here. Also, it is noteworthy to mention that this platform will be available with Bitcoin as well as soon as RSK is implemented.
Prism is currently in a closed beta which you can register for here.
Recent energy and other developments in Southwest Asia, particularly involving Turkey, Iran and Iraq, sketch the outline of an imminent reorganization of international relations in the region. This will have knock-on effects for Eurasia as a whole and the shape of the international system in coming decades. At the same time, it suggests new and unexpected relevance of the mid-20th century geopolitical theorist Nicolas Spykman.
A key point is the little-noticed movement towards gas imports from the Kurdish region of northern Iraq into Turkey. Industry figures from the scene now estimate that 8 billion cubic meters per year (bcm/y) will flow from the Kurdish region into the Nabucco pipeline by the time it enters service, at present forecast to be in 2016. Added to the similar amount already committed from Azerbaijan, this makes up just over half of the projected 31 bcm/y volume of the pipeline.
The agreement on gas supplies from northern Iraq follows from the visit by Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in late October to Irbil, the capital city of Iraqi Kurdistan, to open a Turkish consulate there. His delegation comprised no fewer than 70 officials and businessmen.
The visit was itself a knock-on from one by a large and high-level Turkish delegation headed by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to Baghdad in the middle of October, when literally dozens of cooperation agreements were signed in a wide spectrum of policy areas.
These events suggest a tentative resolution of certain instabilities in Southwest Asia that have persisted since the break-up of the Ottoman Empire nearly 100 years ago. They represent the emergent re-integration of two economies rent asunder by the division of the empire in the early 20th century, together with an incipient consolidation of the post-Cold War "Southern Corridor" for energy from the Caspian Sea region to Europe. The significance of such a development of the evolution of post-Cold War international relations in the region is clear.
Recently announced oil industry contracts have garnered the most attention in this regard, and some background helps to put these in their proper perspective.
The Turkish Petroleum Company (TPC) was established in 1912 in opposition to US companies' interests. Two years later, the Anglo-Persian Oil Company (APOC) achieved 50% control of TPC. APOC later became the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, then British Petroleum, then with the purchase of an American company BP-Amoco, today known as BP. The Iraqi government recently agreed with BP and the China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) on a deal for the development of the Rumaila oil field in the south of Iraq, which CNPC estimates to hold 17 billion barrels of reserves.
By 1927, when oil was discovered at Kirkuk, in what is present-day Iraqi Kurdistan, the TPC was divided into equal shares among APOC, Royal Dutch Shell, and the Compagnie Française des Petroles (CFP), and a US consortium called the Near East Development Corp, with a non-voting 5% share to the Turkish-born Armenian Calouste Gulbenkian, the original "Mr Five Percent", whose impressive collection of ancient art is now exhibited in his eponymous museum in Lisbon.
By 1929, when the TPC became the Iraqi Petroleum Co (IPC) and Iraq was under British mandate from the League of Nations, a difference of interests had emerged within the companies comprising it. While Shell and the CFP (which became the French company Total in 1991) sought to develop the Kirkuk deposits as quickly as possible, the APOC (today's BP) and the American company Standard Oil of New Jersey (which became Esso, then Exxon, and is today ExxonMobil) sought to delay it because they had other holdings and didn't mind keeping the oil in the ground there.
This soup of companies gives a hint as to continuities in the story.
Skipping the next three hardly uneventful decades, the IPC by 1960 was still developing only one-twentieth of all the resources in Iraq to which it had rights. That year, a meeting of oil producers in Baghdad led to the foundation of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), and the next year the Iraqi "Law No 80" expropriated all IPC concessions not already in production.
Following these events, OPEC members began negotiating with Western consuming countries independently of one another, leading to increased production and undercutting of Iraq, which suffered a significant decline in market share. Throughout the 1960s, the Iraqi National Oil Company (INOC) contracted first with the French and then with the Soviet Union, asking for help to development the North Rumaila fields: the ones just signed over to BP and CNPC.
By 1975, and following its strong advocacy of the 1973-74 oil embargo on the West, Iraq nationalized all foreign energy interests still remaining in the country, then throughout the rest of the decade autonomously developed the domestic energy extraction industry. This went relatively well until the disastrous Iran-Iraq war began, lasting for a decade. Then came the First Gulf War, followed by United Nations sanctions.
By the end of the 1980s, the USSR had agreed to assist in the development of the West Qurna field; LUKoil inherited this agreement after the end of the Soviet Union, but it is now out of luck. After the fall of Saddam Hussein, the government of Iraq declared all contracts signed during the Saddam era were invalid and were to be reviewed and subjected to new Iraqi law. LUKoil accordingly put in a new bid for West Qurna earlier this year, but has lost out to Western rivals. The Iraqi government has just reached agreement with America's ExxonMobil (Standard Oil of New Jersey when it was a member of TPC in the 1920s) and Anglo-Dutch company Shell (also a TPC member) to develop the West Qurna field, of which the reserves are estimated at 8.7 billion barrels.
The signature of these agreements with Western firms (and there are surely more to come) represents the historic reversal of the nationalization policy introduced in 1960, seven years after the coup in neighboring Iran against Iranian prime minister Mohammad Mossadeq, who had pursued an analogous policy.
The agreements also coincidentally signify the irretrievable downfall of the ideology and practice of the transnational Arab socialist Ba'ath party, of which remnants are present and active throughout a number of state structures in the Arab world, although an Iraq-Syria split dating from the mid-1960s had already destroyed its pretensions to any sort of universalism.
The Ba'ath party had taken power in Iraq in 1963 and Saddam was its last significant representative in power, although it survives through the Assad clan in Syria. This era of the 1960s also marked the Soviet foreign-policy initiative to curry favor with such regimes, categorized in Soviet doctrine of the time as "revolutionary democracies", adding Third World intelligentsia and other miscellaneous social strata into the already eclectic mix of the "popular front" line of Seventh Comintern Congress (1935).
That Soviet doctrinal shift had been made authoritative in the 1960s through writings and speeches by Boris I Ponomarev, chief of the Third (Communist) International before its dissolution in 1943, thereafter head of the Soviet Communist Party Central Committee's International Department and eternal candidate member of its Politburo.
So the new energy agreements allow one to see in still clearer retrospective focus the final extinction of a whole so-called (in Soviet doctrine) "national anti-imperialist" social stratum that came into state executive power throughout a number of former European colonies, at the head of the anti-imperialist independence movement about half a century ago.
The names of its representatives are well known: Algeria's Ahmed Ben Bella, Ghana's Kwame Nkrumah, Indonesia's Sukarno, and others. Iraq's Saddam was the last.
So this half-century mark seems indicative, but of what? One reason it begins to stand out so clearly is that other things begun about 50 years ago are also coming full circle. Although the Sino-Soviet split can be traced to Joseph Stalin's wrong-headed revolutionary strategy in China between the two world wars, nevertheless it was in the early 1960s, following Nikita Khrushchev's 1956 denunciation of Stalin, that the split became public and undeniable to all but a few.
The Sino-Soviet split in turn made possible the US-China rapprochement inaugurated by president Richard Nixon; and while in the early 1970s a commonly used phrase was Nixon, by going to Beijing in 1972, had "played the China card [against Russia]", China is today increasingly able to play the Russian card against the US as well as the American card against Russia. Within the past decade, China signed its first treaty with Russia in the last half-century, and one that includes the classic phrase "Good-Neighborly Relations" in the title.
Today, in one of those impossible-to-invent scenarios, China finds itself perfectly positioned to take advantage of the synergy between (1) Russia's need for export markets for hydrocarbon energy, where Europe is slow-growth and East Asia is accelerating; and (2) its own surplus of US dollars with which to purchase and invest in a discount shopping mart of world-economic crisis-depressed industries.
So what has this to do with Iraq? And who was Nicolas Spykman? Spykman (1893-1943) was a Dutch-born American professor of international relations at Yale University who took English geographer Sir Halford John Mackinder's idea of the Heartland being surrounded by an Inner Crescent (comprising Europe, Arabia, the wider Middle East and Asia), criticized and internally differentiated the crescent, distinguishing in Asia, for example, between the spaces occupied by Indian and by Chinese civilizations. He renamed it the Rimland, and turned Mackinder on his head by asserting that "who controls the Rimland rules Eurasia ... [and consequently] the destinies of the world".
On a map, the Rimland outside Europe looked at the time as if it were unified by little other than the British Empire. Yet it is not for nothing that Spykman is sometimes called the "godfather" of (George F Kennan's) "containment theory". His Rimland is meant to contain Mackinder's Heartland. And that is where the before-our-very-eyes shift in Iraqi energy and foreign commercial policy achieves its world-historical significance. The Iraqi energy contracts would be impossible without the political security of the Turkish-Iraqi rapprochement. (Some have even suggested the word "integration".) That rapprochement mends a broken link in the Rimland.
The main winners in this shift are the corporate descendents of the British and American companies that were part of the TPC 80 years ago (but not only them). The main losers are the others: France and Russia; although the latter was not a player early last century, it becomes one during the 1960s in concert with the French. Although industrial trusts these days dictate states' foreign policy more than the other way around, it is possible to see, in the co-opting of Chinese and other Asian energy companies to these projects, a pattern whereby the North Atlantic powers and the North Pacific powers cooperate against the powers of Mackinder's Eurasian Heartland.
It bears mentioning that the North Atlantic powers are not limited to the US and the United Kingdom, but also include Norway (by way of StatOilHydro), Italy (by way of Eni), and other smaller European state companies, just as smaller Asian state companies are also included: Japan, Indonesia and South Korea, for example; not to mention (once again) China. These are companies that were not players when the "game" began a century ago because they did not have the educated technicians, industrial plant and access to capital that a century of social and economic evolution has now brought them.
Those North Atlantic powers even include Germany, which is not present in the region's oil patch but whose national champion RWE is the moving force (along with Austria's OMV) in promoting the Nabucco pipeline: which, recall from above, the new Turkish-Iraqi cooperation is helping to fill with gas from Iraqi Kurdistan. Such is the emerging macro-structure that will govern international relations for the next decade and a half, until it becomes clear what is the outcome of the ongoing turmoil in Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan and (sooner or later) Uzbekistan. For those countries represent a geographical wedge that could divide the Rimland in two.
But even Russia surely knows that their eruption in mass social unrest would not necessarily be to the advantage of any Eurasian land power; such an eruption would constitute itself a new Eurasian land power, transnational and trans-societal in scope. Such changes have already made inroads among the Muslim peoples of Russia's North Caucasus. This does not stop Russia today from preventing concerted action against Iran in the UN Security Council (even though one of the best ways to understand present-day Iran is to study the history of the Safavid Empire of the 16th and 17th centuries).
This is not any anti-French or even anti-Russian plot. According to George Liska, the European-born American theorist of international relations, the "structure of international relations" comports ever-changing triangles, spanning the centuries, among land and sea powers whose strategies are determined as much by geography as by anything else.
Any seafaring North Atlantic and the North Pacific powers would have common interests vis-à-vis any Eurasian land power. It is Spykman's Rimland against Mackinder's Heartland, although in the details it is much more complicated than that.
It will take until the early 2020s before we will have a better idea about the resolution or irresolution of the social eruption in the "wedge" identified above. That outcome will in turn condition the evolution of the first post-Cold War international system's third phase (we now live on the cusp of the second), until a crisis in the early 2040s may lead to a system-wide transformation that we cannot yet well imagine.
[For a conceptually-framed historical analysis of international relations since 1648 that sustains the above prospective argument, see the author's 1999 article, "The Complex Evolution of International Orders and the Current International Transition".]
See reprint info if you want to reproduce anything in any medium.
URL: http://www.robertcutler.org/blog/2009/11/the_rise_of_the_rimland.html
First published in Asia Times Online, 13 November 2009.
A child molester who disappeared after he was discharged from federal prison has been captured after a mugshot was circulated asking for people to look out for the heavily tattooed convict.
Matthew Stager, 45, was released from the Federal Correctional Institution in Petersburg, Virginia on Tuesday, and was order to show up that same day to a transitional center in Texas.
But Stager never showed, and U.S. Marshals begun scrambling to find the convicted sex offender.
A manhunt was launched after Matthew Stager, 45 (pictured), failed to show up to a halfway house in Texas
The convict's (pictured above in Myspace photos) past offenses include taking liberties with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina
A mugshot was circulated showing his heavily tattooed face and strawberry colored hair that he had in braids.
Within hours of his pictured circulating he was detained in Washington DC.
Stager's prior offenses include a conviction for taking indecent liberties whit a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina.
Marshals say he has a history of mental health and drug abuse issues.
In the past he has used the aliases Jesse Crew and Moon Black.
I recently played a game that undoubtedly proves that Yorick needs a massive nerf. His insane damage and everlasting minions make him an incredible force to be reckoned with all game. Please post your opinions. I'd love to hear them so I can prove you wrong with my math and nunchuck skills. I have also provided an in-game screenshot of how overpowered Yorick actually is. Note that I have extra HP because of Wraith Camp buff.
Major problems with proposed changes:
1. High mobility combined with powerful CC
With his massive base movement speed of 315 (much faster than Anivia) and his 20 - 40% slow (for 1.5 whole seconds; super overpowered when you look at similar abilities) Yorick can easily chase down and kill even the speediest champs. Not only does his Omen of Pestilence slow for a ridiculous amount compared to something like Gangplank's new passive, it summons a minion that decays over an insane 5 seconds that slows things around it for 20 percent. Talk about overpowered. Although it can be attacked, the minions are super small and thus hard to click, although that can be addressed in the next point.
To fix this I propose the following changes
- Movement speed reduced to 290
- Slow reduced to 8% (just barely higher than Gangplanks base)
- Slow duration reduced to 1 second
- Minion changes stated in point #2
2. Minions last forever
Because Yorick's minions scale off of his health, they can get ludicrous amounts of health. They take way too long to decay and have much too powerful abilities, becoming incredible amounts of additional DPS.
Say Yorick has 1851 health (at 18) and stacks 6 warmogs like all good Yoricks do.
1851 + (1370 * 6) = 10081 total HP
His minions get a massive 30% of his like
10081 * 0.3 = 3024 health per minion
What other champ can summon 3k health minions at will? They tank towers like bosses and they're hard to click so they can keep doing damage.
To fix this I propose the following changes:
- Minions size increased by 200% and take 200% more from AoE damage
- Minions now give exp and gold, taken from Yorick (5% of his total health)
- Minions decay twice as fast (from 5 to 2.5 seconds)
- Minions only get 5% of Yorick's health (504 health on a properly built Yorick)
- Minions have a 1% chance per second of turning on Yorick and attacking him
- When minions die, Yorick loses 5% of his max health (Thank you, TaylorSvvift)
3. Infinite mana
Yorick has almost limitless mana, allowing him to spam his abilities during the laning phase and far into late game. He doesn't even need to build any mana items to get this way. I'd cite more complex math but I don't think I even need to prove just how over the top his base mana is and how low his mana costs are.
To fix this I propose the following changes:
- Yorick's base mana reduced to 100 from 9001
- Yorick's mana costs on all spells increased by 250%
- New mechanic: reverse mana vampirism. Whenever he autoattacks he gives his opponents some mana
- When the enemy champion does not use mana as a resource the mana is instead drained from yorick and he receives 100% of the mana lost as damage to himself (credit to LBot)
EDIT: Possibly changed to reverse gold vampirism, although this doesn't stop him from having insane mana it'll stop him from getting those 6 Warmogs before the 10 minute mark.
4. His Zilean/Mordekaizer ultimate is too powerful
An ultimate ability that combines two of the best ultimates in the game. Do I even need to talk more about this? It gets a staggering 100% of the stats of another player on your team, decaying over 10 seconds. Lets do some awesome theorycraft'n math here.
Farmed Alistar with 6 Bloodthirsters (Best Ali build, by the way) will have 720 Attack damage.
720 * 1 = 720 AD
What other ultimate can summon a minion that can deal 720 damage on an autoattack?
To fix this I propose the following changes:
- Yorick's ultimate clone decays at the same rate as other minions (consistency, my friends)
- When Yorick's ultimate clone dies, the real champion dies as well
- To balance these significant nerfs, Yorick's ultimate will now be global and affect his entire team
Unless these changes go through, I feel that Yorick is poised to replace Morde as number 1. I have attached a game as proof that Yorick is overpowered.
TL;DR Yorick is overpowered. Nerf him to the ground.
On a side note... My build on Nocturne seems to be coming up a lot. I've had to prove with my magic math skills that hybrid Nocturne is, in fact, amazing. I actually may have stumbled upon the best build ever; AP Nocturne.
Quote: FourFangedCow: Fine, I'll provide numbers FOR you.
If a Nocturne stacked 6 Bloodthirsters he'd have an additional 600 AD.
110 + (100 * 6) = 710 AD
As you say, duskbringer scales of AD at a 0.75 per AD
240 + (710 * 0.75) = 772.5 damage
If a Nocturne stacked 6 Deathcaps he'd have an additional 1209 AP.
(0 + (155 * 6)) * 1.3 = 1209 AP
What you didn't say, but is very important, is that Unspeakable Horror has a 1.0 per AP scaling.
250 + (1209 * 1) = 1459 damage
So which number is higher? 772.5 or 1459?
And I've never heard of this so-called "quicksilver sash"...
Quote: die4769: If Yorick could even beat your totally sweet hybrid Nocturne build, then he must be OP.
I'm on board
Quote: Riathamus: This thread has...almost 100 posts. For some reason, the head post has only 85 upvotes atm. Which means that around 15 people didn't vote. I lol'ed when I thought about it.
I mean, really? The guy is a genius! He made every point of yorick's OPness simple! and yet introduced inovating concepts of "reverse mana vampirism" and made clear to ALL readers the best Alistar's build ever.
He made everyone see how awesome yorick is AND taught everybody how to dominate the game with Alistar. That's just brilliant, c'mon.
And I agree, Yorick without minions is like Mundo without a brain.
Quote: Firellius: And that was a noob Yorick with only one Warmog's! Total trollbuild.
I wholeheartedly agree with the OP! Especially on the changes to his ult.
Quote: grimlie3000: 10/10
It's almost scary how representative of 50% the GD threads this is.
We have:
- unbiased and precises analysis of the Champion's strenghts and weaknesses
- spot on comparison to other champions that fill similar roles
- gameplay analysis of early, mid and late game as well as in both fed and non-fed state
- proof in form of a picture of the standard game of the champion
- realistic suggestions for adjustments along with creative mechanic concepts that
lead the way to an overall more balanced gameplay
and I'm sure i missed some points.
well done, sir
Applause!
And here is someone who is awesome enough to agree with me:
William Shakespeare is famous for his turns of phrase, but nearly four centuries after his death, a brave group of playwrights is trying to beat the Bard at his own game. The Oregon Shakespeare Festival has given them a daunting task: within the next three years, they will "translate" 39 of his plays into modern, common English.
"The writers get the great joy of tagging along with the world's best poetic dramatist. It will be the geekiest exercise ever," Lue Morgan Douthit, a festival director, tells the New York Times. Each of the 26 playwrights will work with a dramaturg to modernize Shakespeare's work.
The decision to rewrite some of the world's most well-known plays generated some controversy. Critics claimed that the project will dumb down Shakespeare:
@osfashland Your decision to dumb down #Shakespeare is disappointing to say the least - "A Facelift for Shakespeare" http://t.co/6GzMmbhQRk — Jamie Sowers (@DramaQT) September 26, 2015
Others applauded the experiment:
BRAVO @osfashland for assembling such a diverse crowd of playwrights to shake up the language of Shakespeare. Ambitious exciting and brave — Megan Kingery (@megansarak) October 2, 2015
All these years later, why are these plays still able to spark such debate? The answer is a complicated one, writes Daniel Pollack-Pelzner for The New Yorker. In the 1700s, Shakespeare was widely adapted and modernized, Pollack-Pelzner explains, but as Romanticism swept through literature and the Bard became canon, writers quit remixing his work.
As the tradition gets revived in modern times, though, there's no promise that the adapted plays will be popular. Not that it really matters—the Oregon Shakespeare Festival reasserts the Bard's ongoing dominance as a cultural force. He is still a literary titan. It's a safe bet that his work will survive a few more bold adaptations.
Learning a foreign language by watching movies/TV series can be a great way to get ahead in learning a second language. Of course learning Chinese has no exception. If you have been learning Chinese for a period of time, watching Chinese movies can help you with your listening skills, but also improve your spoken Chinese, too.
Chinese spoken in movies is very close to what you'll hear if you speak with native Chinese speakers. Sometimes, you will encounter some dialects, that is also an interesting part.
Watching TV series is a fun and entertaining way to immerse yourself in the language context, which offers you the benefits of visual comprehension. If you're tired of going to class or reading a book, learning Chinese through movies and film is your best choice.
Chinese TV series is usually longer than TV Plays in western countries. It portrays a story with a complicated plot. Below are 10 most popular websites for you to watch Chinese TV series online for free.
1. YouKu TV (http://tv.youku.com/)
Youku.com is a Chinese version of YouTube.com. It is one of China's largest streaming video sites. The TV Channel offers thousands of the latest TV dramas that are newly released. There is a special channel offer some mini-series and gains great attention among Chinese netizens.
Most Chinese movies has Chinese subtitles, in this way, your Chinese listening and reading comprehension can be greatly improved. Youku can be my top position among the resources to watch Chinese movies.
2. Tudou TV (http://tv.tudou.com/)
Tudou, another Chinese video sharing website, merged with YouKu. It provides many full-length TV series, TV shows and movies from China, South Korea, America and other European countries. For some new released movies, you may have to subscribe to their monthly or yearly plan.
3. PPTV (http://tv.pptv.com/)
PPTV, formerly known as PPLive, is a right place for you to watch Chinese TV series. The series are categorized in multiple aspects, like countries, themes, year and actors. As to other Chinese video sites, there are some ads before you actually enjoy the TV series. You have to pay if you would like to block the ads.
There are also applications for desktop and mobile platform, both Windows and Mac, Android and iOS versions are available.
4. PPS.TV (http://www.pps.tv/)
PPS.TV is another great streaming video network. There are programs on Windows and Mac available. But the whole interface is in Chinese, so if you can't recognize hanzi very well, it would be a great challenge for you to browse the channels you want. The quality of playback is generally very good and users should have a decent connection.
5. Baidu TV (http://v.baidu.com/tv/index/)
Baidu TV Series Channel is attached to Baidu, China's largest search engine. The site provides a large number of up-to-date hit dramas and feature programs. With considerable financial strength, Baidu can provide viewers with the up-to-date the complete TV plays.
6. iQiyi (http://www.iqiyi.com/dianshiju/)
Iqiyi TV, like Hulu in the US, is a streaming video platform that owed by Baidu, which focusing on Chinese HD TV series and movies. It not only provides the newest copyrighted video content, but also produces its own funny content to attract young generations.
7. QQ TV (http://v.qq.com/tv/)
QQ is the largest and most popular instant-messaging platform in China. Its TV Channel provides the full-episode TV plays online. With your login to QQ account, you will be able to bookmark the shows you would like to watch later and subscribe to the update of the series. You can also download the videos to your computer or mobile devices to watch later. Its mobile app supports Android, iOS and Windows Phone platform.
8. Sohu TV (http://tv.sohu.com/drama/)
Sohu is a part of Sohu搜狐. Sohu Video channel streams up-to-date legitimate HD TV plays, TV shows, sports broadcasts and movies from Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, as well as TV Plays from Asia and western countries.
9. 360 TV (http://www.360kan.com/dianshi/index.html)
360 TV is more like a video directory platform, which provides many resource entrances which can direct you to the popular TV series owned by other sites. Until you find the best site with amazing watching experience, you can switch the links as you wish.
10. Letv (http://tv.le.com/)
LeTV, a popular Chinese streaming website, provides legal TV shows and movies from countries and regions such as Mainland China, South Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Thailand.
11. Xiangchao Kankan (http://tv.kankan.com/)
Xiangchao Kankan is a video-on-demand site which HD TV and many other video materials. There are Android and iOS app version available. Kankan is also available on mobile platforms including Android and iOS.
On the above 10 websites, you can watch a variety of Chinese TV Dramas, animations, movies, TV shows from US, UK, KR, as well as Korean productions. However, the website languages are all in Chinese, and not all videos on the above websites are free.
Also, you can only watch these videos with IP address in China. For users from other regions outside Mainland China, you would need a VPN service to watch it.
What has to mention is that the ads before or during the video are unbelievable nowadays, it's about 99 seconds long, if you would like to remove the annoying ads, you can subscribe to their VIP plans, generally, the rate is 20 RMB per month. If you would like to watch some hot videos or movies, you would also need a VIP privilege to unlock it.
The websites listed above will almost certainly not have English subtitles and some may have none at all. Well, it's a bit challenging for your listening comprehension. Have fun in China! If you want to learn more Chinese, you can book a free trial class here and learn with our teachers now!
Before the Drama
Eran Hammer Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 4, 2014
I am going to comment on the recent node fork. Soon. I am not happy about it. I also don't think it's bad. I've been involved in the conversations with most sides since May and am in a unique position being (probably) the only “guy in the middle” that I think I can provide a perspective that is more complete than most. However, before I do that I would like to defuse the drama.
Given my position at Walmart and the fact that I knew a fork is highly likely for half a year, you can imagine I had a few internal conversations about node and its future inside and outside of Walmart. A large(st) enterprise has to ensure its investments are durable and sound. I shared the situation with my senior management and the message I delivered to them is the same one I am going to deliver to you now.
If there was no new release of node ever again, I would still use and recommend it. I understand people's desire for faster releases and quicker availability of new JavaScript features but I consider these to be “rich people's problems”. I spend most of my time writing and managing node development and I feel empowered and productive with the platform I have today.
Can things get better? Absolutely! But this concept of an evolving language and platform is pretty new. I have never imagined new features working a decade on Wall St. building high frequency trading systems in C++. The language barely changed (remember when template supported matured in 1998?). New features were mostly better optimizers and IDEs but not really the language or the platform. I am not being dismissive of progress, but I want to make sure people understand that the node we have today is pretty fucking awesome.
If you are in a decision making position and the recent events make you reconsider adopting node, don't. Do it — you will not regret it. The current version of node is already fantastic. Again, it can get better, but after two Black Friday events running on this version of node at the biggest eCommerce scale (we did kick some ass this year against major competition) I can tell you without any hesitation that node is production ready today. Cross that. A year ago.
I also want to point out to all the delicate, sensitive souls out there who keep complaining about “all the drama” and “why can't we all just get along” that the node community drama is amateur hour compared to other platforms. We don't have lawsuits for hundreds of millions of dollars like Java. We don't have key members of the project writing pages and pages of nasty blog posts calling the entire platform shit like Rails. We don't have insane multinational standard bodies debating features of the platform over 10 years like C++. And we don't start every mailing list response calling the new guy asking the question a fucking asshole like PHP.
I am not dismissing the importance of what is going on, but these events and the way they have evolved shows tremendous maturity and civility that I have not seen in other communities (and unlike most of the brilliant commentators on Hacker News, I have been writing code since 1983). All this drama is a healthy debate about the future of our platform and community and the way it has been handled is something to be proud of.
I am completely behind node. It might be called something else in the future, and there is probably going to be more than one server-side JavaScript platform (which is a good thing), but the foundation of running node-style code to build powerful server solutions is not going away. It is the future of the web.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May on EU and immigration
Home Secretary Theresa May has said the UK should quit the European Convention on Human Rights while remaining in the European Union.
Mrs May said the convention, which is separate from the EU, "can bind the hands of Parliament".
David Cameron has previously refused to rule out leaving the convention.
Ex-cabinet minister and Leave campaigner Iain Duncan Smith said her "remarkable intervention" had "utterly undermined" the government's position.
In her first major speech of the referendum campaign, Mrs May said the UK had to "stand tall and lead in Europe" rather than leaving the EU, and that membership made the UK "more secure from crime and terrorism".
She also raised concerns about more countries joining the EU.
The ECHR, which is separate from the EU institutions, was incorporated into UK law by the Human Rights Act.
The Conservatives have pledged to replace the Human Rights Act with a "British Bill of Rights" but have not proposed leaving the convention altogether.
Analysis by Laura Kuenssberg
BBC political editor
The home secretary is one of the most senior politicians in the country. Of course, her backing of the Remain campaign is important. And it's certainly better for the prime minister and the Remain campaign to have her In, rather than Out.
But her qualified support suggests there are three, rather than two, positions at the top of the Conservative party - 'Remain', 'Leave', and perhaps now, 'Reluctant Remain'.
It was the Out campaign struggling to contain their internal differences. Tonight, it feels like cracks might appear on the other side too.
Read more from Laura
A Downing Street spokeswoman urged journalists not to "overdo the differences" between the prime minister and the home secretary on withdrawal from the ECHR.
She said Mr Cameron "rules nothing out" as he seeks reform of the convention, saying the home secretary had been "setting out a clear distinction between the ECHR and the EU".
Regardless of the outcome of the 23 June EU referendum, Mrs May said she still believed the UK should leave the ECHR which she said "adds nothing to our prosperity".
It was the ECHR, not the EU, that was responsible for controversial human rights decision affecting the UK, she said.
'Blame Europe'
Earlier pro-Leave Justice Secretary Michael Gove warned that five potential new members of the EU - Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia, Albania and Turkey - would result in millions more people having the right to move to the UK.
Mrs May said Albania, Serbia and Turkey had "poor populations and serious problems with organised crime, corruption, and sometimes even terrorism".
She added: "We have to ask ourselves, is it really right that the EU should just continue to expand, conferring upon all new member states all the rights of membership?"
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Iain Duncan Smith: Theresa May's EU speech has 'undermined' government
She said the UK had "forgotten how to lead" in Europe and must re-assert itself to force change from within, adding that it could veto Turkey joining the EU.
In her speech - and during a question and answer session - Mrs May admitted that being in the EU made it harder to control the "volume of immigration". But she said the UK was able to control its border by blocking entry to terrorists.
She praised David Cameron's leadership in trying to seek a better deal for the UK, but said the UK's collective posture was too often to "blame Europe" for its problems and the UK "has to have more confidence to get things done" rather than "shouting from the sidelines".
Mrs May said the issue the British public faced on 23 June was how the UK "maximised" its "prosperity, security, influence and sovereignty".
'Sky won't fall'
In what she said was an analysis of "the risks and opportunities" of EU membership rather than an attack on Leave campaigners, she said the post-war order had seen the UK and other countries "cede sovereignty in a controlled way" by co-operating to prevent a greater loss of sovereignty through military conflict or economic decline.
Mrs May said the question was not whether the UK could "survive" outside the EU given that it was the world's fifth largest economy which had "friendships and alliances across the world" - but whether the UK was "better off in or out".
While "the sky would not fall" in the event of Brexit, she said she had concluded it was a matter of "hard-headed national interest" to remain in, based on security, trade and prosperity.
On security, she said EU membership enabled the UK to access EU-wide information, such as criminal records, to allow the UK to turn away serious criminals and terrorists at the border, fast-track the extradition of offenders and simplify the deportation of prisoners.
The UK had extensive intelligence-sharing with the US and other allies outside the EU, she said but being excluded from the EU-wide information sharing would make the UK "less safe".
However, she called for major changes to the way the UK did business in the EU, including reducing the power of the European Parliament and the European Court of Justice.
'Out of control'
Mr Duncan Smith told the BBC the home secretary's comments on the ECHR and EU expansion had "thrown the gauntlet down" to the government.
On EU expansion, he claimed, the prime minister is "in favour of extending our borders to Syria" by allowing Turkey to join the EU.
"She actually basically questions the very campaign she says that she supports," he said.
"This is a remarkable intervention. She has really thrown the gauntlet down and undermines the whole of the 'vote stay in' campaign."
Mr Duncan Smith said immigration was "out of control" and free movement of people rules meant the UK had to accept criminals coming into the country.
"An elected government in the UK elected on a platform to reduce immigration right now cannot deliver that because the EU is an open border," he told Radio 4's Today.
"You cannot reject anyone unless you can demonstrate categorically that they pose an immediate threat to the life and livelihood of the UK."
Gordon Hayward's agent says his client has yet to make a decision regarding his future, according to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, despite reports the 27–year-old plans to sign with the Boston Celtics.
ESPN's Chris Haynes was the first to report Hayward's apparent decision.
The small forward has spent his entire seven-year NBA career with the Utah Jazz, becoming an all-star in 2016-17.
He averaged 21.9 points and 5.4 rebounds per game in 73 games this past season while shooting 39.8 per cent from deep, leading the Jazz to the second round of the NBA Playoffs while scoring 24.1 points per game in the post-season.
The Miami Heat, along with Utah, were reportedly interested in acquiring the Indianapolis native.
Hayward would join a Celtics team that features Jayson Tatum, the No. 3 overall pick from this June's draft, and two-time all-star Isaiah Thomas, who seemed pretty stoked about the news after word came down.
Corey Flynn has signed for Glasgow Warriors from Toulouse in the French top-flight
This feels like a seminal age in the tempestuous domain of European rugby.
The financial behemoths prowling the leagues of England and France are on a seemingly inexorable rise, hoovering up the galacticos of the southern hemisphere.
Theirs is a monetary clout Scottish rugby cannot hope to match.
From Edinburgh, Dave Denton has gone to Bath, Greig Tonks to London Irish. Captain Mike Coman will follow, so too Matt Scott to Gloucester at the season's end. There may be others.
Along the M8, speculation continues to heighten on the future of Fijian sensation Leone Nakarawa - reportedly heading for Racing 92 with a year left on his contract - and Taqele Naiyaravoro, the monstrous winger, returning to the Waratahs of Australia.
A shrewd acquisition
Amidst this leakage of talent, though, the Warriors have, rather shrewdly, recruited an ex-Crusaders hooker, a four-time Super Rugby champion, 15-Test All Black and Rugby World Cup winner.
Corey Flynn joins Gregor Townsend's squad on a two-year deal this summer following a sojourn at Toulouse, one of the most storied and wealthy of the French heavyweights.
Corey Flynn won 15 New Zealand caps, never losing a Test
"Some of these club owners have got a lot of money - the rugby clubs are just a plaything for them," says Flynn of his two-season paddle in the volatile waters of the Top 14.
"They're not worried about spending money.
"It's not a good thing for French rugby as a whole. I've been talking with a couple of the French boys; they're a little bit annoyed because they're not just targeting the big stars of New Zealand, Australia and South Africa.
"They're targeting the younger ones so they can get them in at an early age, have them in the academy for three years, then they're regarded as French-qualified, not foreign players any more.
"That's a bad thing because they're not nurturing their own talent - which they have an abundance of. But until you get a centrally controlled system you're never going to get that because the private owners just want to win.
"They want to spend money to win competitions and they don't really care about the national team or the state of French rugby, which is a shame."
Been there, done that
Flynn has seen and done a great deal in some 15 years of professional rugby.
Flynn, right, played alongside All Blacks greats Kieran Read and Dan Carter
He battled shoulder to shoulder, season after season, with the world's best. Richie McCaw, Dan Carter, Kieran Read - they were his pals along the way.
Flynn is 35 now - he made his Crusaders debut five days before Scotland forward Jonny Gray celebrated his eighth birthday - old enough perhaps to prompt some dissenting murmurs down Scotstoun way.
He's a wizened Kiwi hooker with five broken arms on his medical record, while among the Warriors ranks are Fraser Brown, Pat MacArthur, Kevin Bryce, the burgeoning James Malcolm and more.
Flynn though is a beacon of durability in a sport of growing tumult and physical peril.
He played 31 games for Toulouse last season - including two against his new side - starting 30, hot on the heels of a run to the 2014 Super Rugby final.
That's well over 1,600 minutes of rugby - there's plenty life in the old warhorse yet.
Corey Flynn played twice against his new club in last season's European Champions Cup
"When I spoke to Gregor, he asked me if I still had the desire to play, which is a big yes," he says.
"Having been in France for two years after a fairly intense, structured outfit in the Crusaders, it turned out I wasn't ready just to cruise, show up and play rugby. I'm not ready to finish like that.
"What gives me satisfaction isn't just strapping on my boots and playing, it's being involved in decisions and the way a team runs.
"I still want to use my brain; I still want to engage mentally into an environment.
"Gregor also asked about the mentoring role, and I'm not naïve in thinking I can play forever, so I realise that half of my appeal is the experiences I've been through and the ability to pass on those to the younger guys.
"You're only ever really a caretaker of a jersey - it's about when you leave, you leave the jersey in a better position, you know?"
Advice from mate to Maitland
Flynn spoke with of ex-Warriors back, and former Crusaders team-mate Sean Maitland
Flynn sought the counsel of his old mate Sean Maitland before committing to the move north. The testimonial was brief but affirming.
"All he said was there's a great bunch of boys that love to work for each other," he says. "There was nothing more he had to say there.
"I'm of the understanding we're going to get a new pitch for next year. Glasgow like to play a running style of footy, which is exciting.
"The pitch will allow us to play some good rugby all year round."
The end, Flynn acknowledges, is an awful lot closer than the start. These might be his final line-out throws and midfield rumbles, but on and off that new Scotstoun surface so hotly-anticipated, his influence should still prove significant.
The Ultimate Guide to
Office 365 DOWNLOAD HERE
By default, Lync 2013 stores your conversation history in Outlook. This is a handy setting if you need to recover an old conversation with a coworker or remind yourself of some information that was shared.
If you want to see these saved IM conversations, you can go to the automatically-created “Conversation History” folder.
However, if you don't want to store your Lync conversations, the video above will show you the steps to disable the conversation history setting.
In Lync 2013, click on the Settings gear menu. Select Tools. Select Options. Go to the Personal tab. Un-check Save IM conversations in my email Conversation History folder.
Admins, you can disable Lync archiving for users, either individually or for your whole tenant, via PowerShell. You can check out this Microsoft forum post (links directly to cmdlet for entire tenant) for more information.
Impression v Lexmark: Supreme Court Affirms You Have A Right To Modify & Repair Products
Are you allowed to repair your stuff when it breaks?
It's probably not a question you've thought about—nor one even worth thinking about. Right?
Of course you can fix your stuff, we do it all the time. In fact, there are whole industries, and tens of thousands of people, dedicated to fixing old refrigerators, computers, cars—you name it, someone fixes it.
But that's not what Lexmark, a manufacturer of printer and toner cartridges, argued to the Supreme Court in the recent case Impression v Lexmark.
Instead, they contended that they retained various property rights over their products after they were sold to consumers—including the right to prevent third parties from modifying or repairing them.
Here's how the facts of the case played out: Lexmark makes two types of printer cartridges, an expensive reusable model, and a cheaper single-use one.
Practically speaking, they're basically the same product. The only mechanical difference between the two is that the single-use cartridge includes a chip that disables the cartridge if you try to refill it.
Why? To force you to buy another single-use unit.
To this end, they also made consumers sign a boilerplate “post-sale restriction” contract—which few people probably bothered reading.
This is where Impression Products comes in.
Impression is a small, family-run office supply company out of West Virginia. They found a way to refill Lexmark's single-use printer cartridges by disabling the disabling chip.
Lenmark sued them for patent infringement in 2013. Impression was baffled: hundreds of companies refurbish and resell used products, after all.
Impression v Lexmark Isn't About Printer Ink, It's About Property Rights
Of course, the arguments in Impression v Lexmark are much bigger than simple printer cartridge—the case is about property rights.
Specifically, did Lexmark retain the right to limit the purchaser's ability to modify or repair their product? How much control over the use of products do manufacturers retain, and how much control do purchasers actually purchase?
Also, how much weight do we assign those forms that no one ever reads?
And remember, rulings from the Supreme Court have far-reaching implications: what about private mechanic shops that repair automobiles, does GM have the right to sue them for tampering with their products?
What about people who modify their laptops or phones?
Consumer rights advocates have expressed these exact concerns, saying that claims like this “jeopardize independent product refurbishers and repair services.”
Luckily, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of Impression in a 7-1 decision, finding that Lexmark's patent rights expired upon purchase of the cartridge—despite the sales-clause saying otherwise.
Finding otherwise, the Court wrote, would adversely harm the economy, by opening the litigation floodgates on every repair shop in the country. This would impair the “smooth flow of commerce”, and would end up harming all parties involved.
And it would: the certainty of property rights are a key element in driving long run economic growth.
The decision in Impression v Lexmark is a major victory for American consumers.
Feel free to repair your old gadgets and doohickeys—it's your right as an American.
The Tampa Bay Lightning will retire the No. 4 worn by the franchise's all-time leading goal-scorer, Vincent Lecavalier. The former Bolt captain becomes the second player in the history of the Lightning organization to have his jersey retired, joining Martin St. Louis. He played in 1,037 games over 14 seasons with the team, tallying 383 goals and 491 assists for 874 points. He will be honored on Saturday, February 10, 2018, when the Lightning hosts the Los Angeles Kings at AMALIE Arena, presented by DEX Imaging.
Lecavalier, drafted first overall by Tampa Bay in the 1998 NHL Draft, is the Lightning's all-time leader for games played. Lecavalier also ranks second in franchise history for both assists and points, trailing only Martin St. Louis in both categories. Lecavalier's 14 seasons with the Lightning, the most of any player in Tampa Bay history. On March 1, 2000, he was named captain of the Bolts, becoming the youngest captain in NHL history at the time at only 19 years and 314 days old.
"We are thrilled to retire another one of our franchise's great players, and it's extra special since this year we will be celebrating our 25th anniversary", Vinik said. "Vinny was a tremendous player during his 14 years with the team and a true ambassador and hero for many people in Tampa Bay for his tireless work in the community."
"It is a great honor to have my number retired and I'd like to thank the Lightning organization and Jeff Vinik for recognizing me with this achievement," Lecavalier said. "The Tampa Bay community and our fans have treated me and my family so amazingly that this honor is extra special to share it with everyone. My family and I are very excited for February 10 when we can share so many memories."
The Ile Bizard, Quebec native is one of three players to ever be selected by the Lightning with the first overall pick in the NHL Entry Draft. Lecavalier was an integral part of the 2004 Stanley Cup championship team. In 2006-07 he won the Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy, awarded to the NHL's top goal scorer during the regular season, when he scored 52 goals, then a Lightning record. Lecavalier still holds the Lightning single-season record for most points in a season with 108, set during the 2006-07 campaign. He has represented the Lightning at the NHL All-Star Game four times in his career (2009, 2008, 2007 and 2003).
Lecavalier's impact will forever be remembered in the Tampa Bay community, and he was honored by the NHL for his community service in 2008, winning both the King Clancy Memorial Trophy and the NHL Foundation Player Award, in recognition of his commitment and service to charities in the Tampa Bay community. In October 2007, Lecavalier announced a $3-million commitment to build The Vincent Lecavalier Pediatric Cancer and Blood Disorder Center at All Children's Hospital in St. Petersburg, FL. It opened in 2009 and the Center was one of the largest pediatric cancer centers in Florida, occupying half of the seventh floor in the Children's Hospital.
Your message has been sent successfully
Things aren't looking good for Ted Cruz in Indiana. The Texas senator trails Donald Trump by 15 points in polling for the state's crucial primary, and a loss on Tuesday could spell the end of Cruz's campaign.
At a rally in La Porte on Sunday, Cruz was interrupted by an unruly young audience member in a scene reminiscent of confrontations that have become commonplace at Trump events. The attendee, whom the Daily Caller described as a "pre-teen boy," loudly heckled Cruz from the crowd.
Advertisement:
"You suck!" the child yelled at Cruz.
"Thank you, son," Cruz replied. "I appreciate your sharing your views."
"One of the things that hopefully someone has told you is that children should actually speak with respect," Cruz said to cheers from the audience. "Imagine what a different world it would be if someone had told Donald Trump that years ago."
Cruz then seemed to suggest that the disruptive audience member was in need of some corporal punishment: "In my household, when a child behaves that way they get a spanking."
Watch the full video of the encounter below:
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — A Florida man has been convicted of attempting to assassinate a federal judge.
The U.S. Attorney's Office in Jacksonville reports in a news release that jurors convicted 27-year-old Aaron Richardson of attempted murder and multiple other counts Thursday. His sentencing date has not been scheduled.
Richardson, a Jacksonville resident, was arrested in June 2013, several days after authorities say he fired a stolen rifle at Judge Timothy Corrigan's home, missing the judge by inches.
Corrigan had convicted and sentenced Richardson in 2008 for attempting to make a bomb. After serving his time, Richardson was arrested on new offenses.
Authorities say Richardson devised a plan to prepare a false order by Corrigan dismissing all of the pending charges and then to kill Corrigan so the judge couldn't refute the fake order.
Ronald Michael Delany (born 6 March 1935), better known as Ron or Ronnie Delany, is an Irish former athlete, who specialised in middle distance running. He won a gold medal in the 1500 metres event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. He later earned a bronze medal in the 1500 metres event at the 1958 European Athletics Championships in Stockholm.
Delany also competed at the 1954 European Athletics Championships in Bern and the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, though was less successful on these occasions. Retiring from competitive athletics in 1962, he has secured his status as Ireland's most recognisable Olympian as well as one of the greatest sportsmen and international ambassadors in his country's history.[3]
Early life [ edit ]
Born in Arklow, County Wicklow, Delany moved with his family to Sandymount, Dublin 4 when he was six. Delany later went to Sandymount High School and then to Catholic University School.
Delany studied commerce and finance at Villanova University in the United States.[4] While there he was coached by the well-known track coach Jumbo Elliott.
Career [ edit ]
Delany's first achievement of note was reaching the final of the 800 m at the 1954 European Athletics Championships in Bern. In 1956, he became the seventh runner to join the club of four-minute milers, but nonetheless struggled to make the Irish team for the 1956 Summer Olympics, held in Melbourne.
Delany qualified for the Olympic 1500 m final, in which local runner John Landy was the big favourite. Delany kept close to Landy until the final lap, when he started a crushing final sprint, winning the race in a new Olympic record.[5] Delany thereby became the first Irishman to win an Olympic gold medal in athletics since Bob Tisdall in 1932. The Irish people learned of its new champion at breakfast time.[6] Delany would be Ireland's last Olympic champion for 36 years, until Michael Carruth won the gold medal in boxing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Delany won the bronze medal in the 1500 m event at the 1958 European Athletics Championships. He went on to represent Ireland once again at the 1960 Summer Olympics held in Rome, this time in the 800 metres. He finished sixth in his quarter-final heat.
Delany continued his running career in North America, winning four successive AAU titles in the mile, adding to his total of four Irish national titles, and three NCAA titles. He was next to unbeatable on indoor tracks over that period, which included a 40-race winning streak. He broke the World Indoor Mile Record on three occasions. In 1961 Delany won the gold medal in the World University games in Sofia, Bulgaria. He retired from competitive running in 1962.[6]
Retirement [ edit ]
After retiring from competitions Delany first worked in the United States for the Irish airline Aer Lingus. After that, for almost 20 years, he was Assistant Chief Executive of B&I Line, responsible for marketing and operations of the Irish Ferry Company based in Dublin. In 1998 he established his own company focused on marketing and sports consultancy.[1]
Honours [ edit ]
In 2006, Delany was granted the Freedom of the City of Dublin.[7] He was also conferred with an honorary Doctor of Laws Degree by University College Dublin in 2006.[3]
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
AMES, Iowa - Donald Trump ignited a political furor with his weekend comments about Sen. John McCain's war record, but the first polling released since then shows no change in his standing.
A Monmouth University poll of Iowans released Monday and conducted over the weekend showed Scott Walker continues to maintain a solid lead in the Iowa Republican caucus, though Trump has gained an edge over the rest of the field and now stands alone in second place.
Of likely caucus attendees, 22% told pollsters that they'd support the Wisconsin governor in next winter's matchup, but 13% said they would back Trump, who has suddenly catapulted to the front of some national polls. Trump only earned 4% of Republicans' support in a Des Moines Register/Bloomberg survey conducted in May, a month before Trump announced his campaign and made a string of controversial comments that came alongside his rise.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Monmouth poll was fielded while Trump found himself embroiled in a new controversy over a remark that seemed to disparage the military record of 2008 nominee McCain while at an event in Iowa. The poll found no change in Trump's support before and after he made his comment this weekend in Iowa.
"Walker has been a favorite of Iowa voters ever since his well-received appearance at the Iowa Freedom Summit in January. More recently, Trump has outmaneuvered the rest of the field to earn the second spot despite his controversial statements over the weekend," said Patrick Murray, who conducted the poll.
Trailing Walker and Trump is Ben Carson at 8%, Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz at 7%, and 2008 Iowa caucus winner Mike Huckabee at 6%.
Monmouth polled 452 Iowans from Thursday to Sunday for a margin of error of 4.6 percentage points.
Earlier today, the UCI advised Luxembourger Fränk Schleck (RadioShack-Nissan) of an Adverse Analytical Finding in a urine sample collected from him at an in-competition test at the Tour de France on July 14, 2012. Related Articles 10 conclusions from the Tour de France - Rest day 2 editions
Fränk Schleck speaks with police in Pau
Fränk Schleck requests B sample, will claim he's been poisoned
Clouds loom over RadioShack-Nissan in Pau
Peloton in shock following Schleck positive
Andy Schleck: Fränk has never taken anything illegal
The WADA accredited laboratory in Châtenay-Malabry detected the presence of the diuretic Xipamide in Schleck's urine sample.
According to UCI anti-doping rules the finding does not require a provisional suspension, but in a statement the UCI said, "the UCI is confident that his team will take the necessary steps to enable the Tour de France to continue in serenity and to ensure that their rider has the opportunity to properly prepare his defense in particular within the legal timeline, which allows four days for him to have his B sample analyzed."
Xipamide, the substance found in Schleck's urine, is not specifically mentioned on WADA's prohibited substance list.
Cyclingnews has called Fränk Schleck for comment but have not yet received a response. However, his RadioShack-Nissan team has announced that the Luxembourger has withdrawn from the Tour de France. Following is the complete statement from the RadioShack-Nissan concerning Schleck:
"Our team attaches great value to transparency. Because of this, we can announce the following as a response to the adverse analytical finding of xipamide in Fränk Schleck's urine sample of July 14 during the Tour de France.
"After being informed by the UCI about the presence of xipamide in the urine sample of Fränk Schleck on July 14, the team has decided to immediately withdraw Fränk Schleck from the Tour de France.
"Even though an abnormal A sample does not require these measures, Mr. Schleck and the team believe this is the right thing to do, to ensure the Tour de France can go on in calm and that Fränk Schleck can prepare his defense in accordance with the legal timing to do so.
"On the subject of xipamide the team can declare the following: it is not a product that is present in any of the medicine that the team uses and the reason for the presence of xipamide in the urine sample of Mr. Schleck is unclear to the team. Therefore, the team is not able to explain the adverse findings at this point.
"However, the team is fully determined to collaborate with the anti-doping agencies in order to resolve the matter."
The case echoes the 2011 Tour when Alexandr Kolobnev tested positive for a banned diuretic (hydrochlorothiazide) following stage 5. He later suspended himself from his Katusha tea but was later cleared by CAS and hired back by Katusha.
This isn't the first time that Schleck has had to answer to anti-doping authorities as in 2008 it was revealed he made a payment to Dr Eufemiano Fuentes, the centre of Operación Puerto, but the charge was dismissed by the Luxembourg Anti-Doping Agency.
More to follow as the story develops and join the forum discussion here.
I was really looking forward to writing a post about how cheaters never win and something something Tom Brady's deflated balls. During the Super Bowl Half-Time, I was already looking around for the funniest memes about sad, deflated Tom Brady and I was practically giddy with the prospect of Donald Trump's favorite team losing in a blowout. The New England Patriots had a 23-point deficit at one point! I mean, how were they going to turn that around??? But then they turned it around in the second half as the Falcons just seemed to fall apart. So, yeah. The Patriots won another Super Bowl. Cheaters win. Brady's deflated balls got another ring. Emperor Baby Fists – who left his Super Bowl party when the Pats were 23 points down – is incredibly smug about it.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 6, 2017
I honestly didn't think it would be so depressing. It's just that we could all feel it, couldn't we? The Falcons were FIRE in the first half. It was going to be a symbolic victory against Trumpism. It was going to be amazing for Rep. John Lewis, because the Falcons are part of his district. But everything got ruined. To be fair, that was the most interesting Super Bowl in years, and it was a genuine nail-biter. But it did feel like a repeat of Election Night, right? Speaking of, #NotMySuperBowlChamps is trending on Twitter. Some of the tweets are making fun of the Patriots, but mostly it's people mocking the idea that the Patriots' victory was some kind of symbolic nod to Trumpism. I don't know. Hey, at least NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell was “aggressively booed” though.
Tom Brady doesn't know what's going on in the game. He isn't paying much attention. He's just a positive person. — Victor Pope Jr (@VictorPopeJr) February 6, 2017
Tom Brady is sad pic.twitter.com/wCMIqczhXa — Sports Illustrated (@SInow) February 6, 2017
Safe to say Gisele is excited about that #Patriots victory 😂👏 #SB51 pic.twitter.com/WIbgQfMvS9 — Us Weekly (@usweekly) February 6, 2017
Tom Brady to Roger Goodell: pic.twitter.com/6wereX7tpV — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) February 6, 2017
First of all, don't judge me instantly, this might seem like duplicated question but honestly, I can't find solution to my case. That's why I came here.
Okey here's the deal. I started my morning by starting my computer and log in to Ubuntu. Everything worked like a charm! Then, just like time to time, system updater popped up and there were couple updates. I checked them, and everything looked great and then I clicked "install" or "update" - for some reason not sure what that button says, but anyway... Then, meanwhile I was finishing my coffee, the updates finished and I decided to start my workday. At the moment I'm working on with big video project so I opened kdenlive. But unexpectedly it doesn't open at all, and kdenlive wasn't only one whom behavior was weird. So I was still a bit sleepy so I haven't enough energy to start figuring out what's going on so I decided restart computer and crossed my fingers that it would be magic reboot. Well.. it wasn't.
Login loop decided to stopped by. First reaction was, oh sh*t is my system broken? Did I lose everything?
I guess I didn't. I'm assuming I could fix this if I'd be able to open TTY. ctrl + alt + f1 give me black screen. I followd this answer: Graphics issues after/while installing Ubuntu 16.04/16.10 with NVIDIA graphics
and I edit my GRUB and I placed nouveau.modeset=0 in there and reboot my system but no luck.
After a couple of hours I figured that TTY is the only way how I can get this working again, right? Do you have any suggestion how could I open my TTY and get rid of the login loop? I really appreciate every reply.
Thank you!
EDIT When I place nouveau.modeset=0 in GRUB and reboot, this come: /dev/sda8:clean, 412123/3055616 files, 2982833/12207104 blocks
when this is on the screen, I'm unable to type anything and after couple seconds the normal login screen appear and I'm still unable to open TTY.
-Cecily
COSAFA learnt with distress on Friday of the passing of Mozambique referee Samuel Chirindza at the age of 32.
Chirindza, viewed as one of the top up-and-coming referees on the African continent, passed away in Mozambique having contracted malaria.
Chirindza was originally scheduled to officiate at the on-going 2016 COSAFA Castle Cup in Namibia, but pulled out before the tournament because of his illness.
“We are all shocked and saddened by the passing of Samuel,” Felix Tangawarima, FIFA Referee Instructor for Southern and Eastern Regions – Africa, said. “He came through the COSAFA referee development programme and showed huge promise.
“He had already officiated in a number of games at CAF and FIFA level and we viewed him very much as one of our leading referees of the future.
“We are very proud of what he contributed to refereeing on the continent and are desperately sad to lose him at such a young age.
“The referees at the COSAFA Castle Cup tournament have taken the news hard, and we would all like to send our condolences to Samuel's family in Mozambique.”
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) breaks through the Detroit Lions defense on a 55-yard touchdown run during the first half of an NFL football game at AT&T Stadium on Monday, Dec. 26, 2016, in Arlington, Texas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News) ORG XMIT: DMN1612262132222044
FRISCO -- The wear and tear of a rookie NFL season hasn't done much to slow down Ezekiel Elliott.
The Cowboys running back said Thursday his body feels as good as it did heading into Week 1.
"I got fresh legs, fresh body," he said. "I'm excited."
How dangerous is that for the Cowboys' divisional round playoff opponent?
"You tell me," Elliott said with a laugh.
Elliott won the NFL's rushing title despite not playing in the team's season finale Sunday in Philadelphia. However, his 1,631 rushing yards fell 178 short of breaking Eric Dickerson's rookie rushing record.
Elliott said Dickerson congratulated him on the rushing title, but added his famous line about his record: "Many have tried, many have failed."
"I wouldn't say I failed," Elliott said. "We're having a great season. It would have been nice to get, but that's really not what I'm focused on this season. We have a very special team.
"We're in a unique opportunity that doesn't happen a lot in this league. There are a lot of guys who this is their first playoff. We got a first-round bye. We're the No. 1 seed. We have a special team. We got a special bond. We got an opportunity to do something special.
"Winning the Super Bowl would be way more special than the rookie rushing record."
Hockey can be strange. Jonathan Bernier, once the goalie of the future in Los Angeles, can't even seem to get his NHL save percentage to .900. Sidney Crosby, often called the best player of his generation, is nowhere near the point-per-game totals he's made look easy in his career. The Florida Panthers are first place in the Atlantic Division.
Come again?
That's right. After tying a franchise record with their seventh-straight win Tuesday against the Montreal Canadiens, the Panthers find themselves back atop the Atlantic Division after vacating the seat for all of one day. But that might not even be the strangest thing about them. No – the strangest thing about this team might be the award they give to the “hero” after a game.
Huh?
Some teams give out hard hats, capes or championship belts, but the Panthers went in a different, more confusing direction. This seems to be a new thing as George Richards, a beat reporter following the team, said it was the first time he'd seen it in the locker room. Aleksander Barkov earned this one for his two goals in the 3-1 win over the Canadiens. Hopefully, this is the start of something.
As for the meaning behind the “Spacey in Space” sweater…well, what is its origin? It's a bit of a secret.
Whatever. Just let us see full-mullet Jaromir Jagr in this amazing Kevin Spacey sweater.
California lawmakers have vowed to close a loophole that allowed a man's rape conviction to be overturned because his victim was not married.
An arcane state law says a person who gets consent for sex by pretending to be someone else is guilty of rape only if posing as the victim's spouse.
Julio Morales was initially convicted of rape after tricking a woman into sex by pretending to be her boyfriend.
A similar loophole has already been closed in the state of Idaho.
In the California case from four years ago, Morales went into a room and had sex with an 18-year-old woman after her boyfriend, whom she had fallen asleep beside, had left.
Tricked into sex
She awoke to the sensation of having sex with Morales, a friend of her brother.
Allowing this to stand in the 21st Century would be like applying horse and buggy standards to our freeways Bonnie Lowenthal, Assemblywoman
She only realised the man in her bed was not her partner when a ray of light from outside the room flashed across his face.
Defence lawyers argued that Morales believed the sex was consensual because the victim had responded to his kisses and caresses. But he was sentenced to three years in prison.
In its ruling on Wednesday, the California appeal court reluctantly decided that Morales was not guilty of rape, because he was pretending to be the woman's boyfriend and not her husband.
A law dating back to 1872 makes it a crime for a man to have sex with a woman while posing as her husband, but not as a boyfriend.
Judge Thomas Willhite wrote in the court's decision: "Has the man committed rape? Because of historical anomalies in the law and the statutory definition of rape, the answer is no, even though, if the woman had been married and the man had impersonated her husband, the answer would be yes."
A similar law in the state of Idaho prevented an unmarried woman from pressing rape charges three years ago after she was tricked into sex with a stranger by her then-boyfriend.
Idaho's law was amended to cover all women in 2011.
California Attorney General Kamala Harris has promised to work with politicians to amend that state's law.
State assemblyman Katcho Achadjian said on Friday that he would introduce a bill.
"Californians are justifiably outraged by this court ruling, and it is important that the legislature join together to close whatever loopholes may exist in the law and uphold justice for rape victims," he said.
Assemblywoman Bonnie Lowenthal said she would back him.
"Allowing this [law] to stand in the 21st Century would be like applying horse and buggy standards to our freeways," she said in a statement, reported by the Los Angeles Times.
Money the Liberal government earmarked for the well-being of Indigenous children is actually spent on programs to "attract mining investment."
Carolyn Bennett's story isn't adding up.
Despite sunny rhetoric suggesting they're taking a different approach towards Indigenous Peoples in Canada, the Trudeau government is having a hard time backing up its word.
In a recent interview on CBC Radio's The Current, Indigenous and Northern Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett boasted that the federal government was spending “almost $200 million” on the well-being of Indigenous children.
Not only is there no evidence​ Canada is spending $200 million, but internal documents obtained through Access to Information by York University's Anna Stanley and reviewed by PressProgress suggest money Bennett claims to be earmarked for the well-being of Indigenous children is being spent to “attract mining investment” instead.
Carolyn Bennett's 200 million dollar question
In January 2016, the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal ruled that the federal government discriminates against First Nations children on reserves by offering up to 38% less in spending for welfare programs.
Then last November, Liberal MPs voted unanimously in favour of an NDP motion to address the funding gap through an immediate injection of $155 million to make up for the shortfall.
Despite this, the government has continued to drag its feet while at the same time touting its record on indigenous rights.
According to the 2016 federal budget, the Liberals allocated $71 million towards “ensuring the safety and well-being of First Nations children” for 2016-2017 – only 54% of what's required to close the gap:
But during her interview with The Current's Connie Walker, Bennett suggested “almost $200 million” has already gone out the door in response to the Human Rights Tribunal ruling:
WALKER: So last November, the Liberals—all parliament—passed a motion, an NDP motion on child welfare that called for an immediate injection of $155 million to ensure that the government complies with this human rights tribunal ruling. When will that money start flowing to communities? BENNETT: The money is already flowing. So in this year, we believe that it's almost you know— WALKER: The $151 million— BENNETT: We've got the extra money for Jordan's Principle with that is allowing 1,500 more kids in care. But we've also put money out to each of the agencies to develop their needs, develop their cultural programs. We've also increased the dollars to the agencies for their maintenance and those kinds of things. WALKER: How much of that money has gone out? BENNETT: So it's almost $200 million.
As Stanley points out, the only way to square Bennett's $200 million claim is by including a number of expenditures that have questionable relevance to Indigenous kids.
One “exciting” example Bennett pointed to during her CBC Radio interview was the Liberal government's investments in “comprehensive community planning” – except the government's Comprehensive Community Planning Initiative is just a framework for community decision-making, it has no direct impact on the well-being of children.
What's more, that Initiative receives funding through something called the Strategic Partnership Initiative, a national program designed to “identify emerging economic opportunities.” Internal documents show that the Conservatives put forward almost $16 million towards the Initiative, while the Liberals have committed an additional $5.6 million dollars to keep it running over the next three years.
The internal documents show the Initiative primarily exists “to support … First Nations mining readiness activities” with “added emphasis on individual and community well-being to help reduce barriers to FNs who want to participate in and benefit from economic opportunities.”
The documents also suggest the Liberals are proposing to fund CCP from the First Nations Infrastructure Fund from which INAC is hoping to leverage approximately $700,000.
While community planning only represents a part of the Strategic Planning Initiative's total budget, other spending is exclusively focused on subsidizing natural resource development.
In fact, documents indicate that one “community well-being” project for the Mattawa First Nations in Northern Ontario is designed to improve the “quality of life of First Nations” as a “condition of consent to development,” something that could help “attract mining investment in the region.”
It remains unclear which $200 million Bennett believes has already gone out the door considering the last budget only earmarked $71 million and, of that, parts of it appear unrelated to the well-being of children.
But as Stanley suggests:
“It seems the Liberals are counting spending on a host of priorities that are completely unrelated to child welfare and the spirit of the [Human Rights Tribunal] ruling. In fact, their spending priorities seem to have much more to do with mining and corporate access to Indigenous land and resources.”
Last month, Indigenous leaders slammed the Liberal government's failure to address inequalities in health and child welfare impacting children on reserves, describing the situation as “racial discrimination.”
We're digging up stories Canada's other media outlets miss – help us break more stories today
Photo: PMO.
|Peter Boettke|
As an undergraduate my intellectual imagination was switched on by my economics professor Hans Sennholz. He did this in 3 ways. First, and foremost, by presenting basic economics to me he helped me understand the way the world worked around me and especially the dysfunctions that I had experienced first-hand due to the gas shortages and long lines at the pumps that characterized the late 1970s. Second, he alerted me to the great thinkers such as Adam Smith, JB Say and Ludwig von Mises who had developed and refined the economic way of thinking over the previous 200 years. And, third, he persuaded me of the urgency of fighting the battle not only in the realm of ideas, but also in the realm of action -- "the battle in Washing" as he put it. So by the time I graduated from Grove City in 1983 (33 years ago), I knew I wanted to be a professional economist and to devote myself to the further development and communication of these ideas. I was then, as I remain today, an "Austrian" economist at a methodological, analytical and ideological level. If anything, the past 30+ years have only increased my appreciation for the lessons I learned from Dr. Sennholz and the urgency of what he was trying to teach us.
But my position has become more subtle -- or at least I think it has -- than how I thought about these issues back when I started graduate school in 1984. And that subtlety -- if there is any -- is due to James Buchanan. In the fall of 1984, I took Buchanan's class in Economics and Philosophy. I sat in the front row eager to absorb every wise word uttered by the great man, and learn how to better "fight that battle in Washing". Yet, two things took place -- (1) Buchanan asked us to ponder fundamental philosophical questions, not practical questions -- e.g., who is the individual in economics?; if a fly grew 9 times its size, it couldn't fly, what does that say about fiscal dimensionality and the functioning of government?; when along the path in Nozick's tale of the slave are we free men? how can a man be free, yet subject to wills other than his own?, etc., and (2) he stressed time and time again that "You cannot envision yourself as an economist proffering advice as if to a benevolent despot." That isn't what we are supposed to do as economists. But how then do you "fight the battle in Washing"? Isn't our understanding supposed to enable us to improve public policy with a reformist zeal? Can't the free market saviors simply substitute for the interventionist saviors and all would be right with the world?
There is a lot packed into Buchanan's declaration, and it was usually followed by reference to the "establishment economists" who does envision themselves as proffering such advice to the benevolent despots here and an abroad. Don't catch, Buchanan would stress to us, "Potomac fever" but stay the course as a scholar-scientist. Yet, a close reading of Buchanan would reveal that he believed that reform was indeed possible, and that the economists can play a vital role -- in fact, an essential role. But what mattered to Buchanan, as laid out in his justly famous paper from 1959 on "Positive Economics, Welfare Economics and Political Economy", was the manner with which the economist approached the reformers task.
Consider the following statement by Buchanan of the fundamental difference in attitude as he saw it between an economist trained as he was and as he taught, and those trained in the "establishment". This is from Buchanan and Musgrave, Public Finance and Public Choice (MIT Press, 1999), pp. 16-17.
One characteristic feature of graduate training in Chicago, then as well as now, warrants mention here. The Chicago economist does not project an image of becoming an adviser to governments, thereby proffering advice on how to manage national economies, in the large or in the small. The Chicago economist learns how economies work rather than how economies might be controlled. Of course this generalization has its notable exceptions, but the contrast in professional attitudes in this respect between Chicago, and, say, Harvard, maybe critical in influencing both career and research paths.
Of course, Greg Mankiw has made a similar observation -- though somehow this has alluded the critics who want to blame the Global Financial Crisis on Chicago economists and neoliberalism. But lets forget that for now. Instead, what do you think about this general orientation that Buchanan points to?
Later in the book Public Finance and Public Choice, Buchanan asks Musgrave whether he believes it would be sensible to put a muzzle on a pet tiger least he bites innocents who pass by, Musgrave understanding that Buchanan was using the analogy to talk about constitutionally constraining government responds by saying -- No, I wouldn't muzzle the tiger because I might want him to eat the grass.
In the introduction to our edited volume, The Economic Role of the State, Peter Leeson and I talk about these presumptions in political economy. We can envision predation coming from private and public actors, our point was simply that positions in political economy are often dictated by the optimism or pessimism one has about dealing with the different forms of predation. To those who are more or less in favor of the self-regulation of the market, there tends to be an optimism about private predation being self-disciplined, while pessimism concerning the ability to constrain public predation. And, on the other side, those who favor more activist government tend to be pessimistic about the self-regulation of private predation, and very optimistic about limiting public predation. Recognizing the presumptions in political economy (often held tacitly) will, Leeson and I argue, improve our discourse on these fundamental issues -- or at least that is the hope. It will improve our understanding of how the world works, and how scholars/scientists frame the discussion.
Luxembourg ambassador leaves embassy in shambles, then resigns
State Department officials are mopping up after an international crisis, this time in tiny Luxembourg.
The now-former ambassador to the country, a political appointee of the Obama Administration, Cynthia Stroum, abruptly resigned in January, leaving the embassy “in a state of dysfunction” and “unable to carry out its duties after her recent exit,” according to a State Department report.
Stroum, the heir to a Seattle auto-parts fortune, was a major bundler for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, raising over $500,000. Despite having no qualifications whatsoever, she was given the coveted assignment as the ambassador to one of the world's smallest and wealthiest nations.
The report, prepared by the U.S. State Department Inspector General, based on a visit during late October through early November, said that morale was so bad at the embassy, at least four senior staff members quit or applied for openings in Afghanistan and Iraq, just to get out quickly.
“Those who have questioned or challenged some of the Ambassador's actions state that they have paid a heavy price in the form of verbal abuse and been threatened with dismissal,” according to the IG.
The report said that “The bulk of the mission's internal problems are linked to her leadership deficiencies, the most damaging of which is an abusive management style.” Embassy employees described her as “aggressive, bullying, hostile and intimidating, which has resulted in an extremely difficult, unhappy and uncertain work environment.”
Even before Stroum arrived, she exhausted an embassy employee over a six-week search for a temporary residence. More than two hundred homes were visited, and only four of those met her specific requirements. Stroum rejected all four.
Embassy staff said that they had “no expectation of privacy” in their emails or phone calls. When Stroum arrived, she announced that “her appointment letter from the President gave her the right to read any e-mail message that originated at Embassy Luxembourg.”
The report said that Stroum spent too much of her official time working on renovating the ambassador's official residence, including the materials used in the bathrooms. The report added “”Normally, all such changes are approved by the (Overseas Buildings Operation) Office of Residential Design and Cultural Heritage and not by the occupant at the time. There appears to be some conflicting guidance on how much the Ambassador can be involved in this project.”
She also ordered a new queen-sized bed because she was unhappy with the king-sized one that was already there. She submitted a voucher twice for the expenditure, which the IG said was an improper use of funds because the bed size was a “personal choice.”
Stroum also used excess embassy funds to make a $3,400 purchase of expensive European wines right before the end of the year, despite written State Department rules stating “in no case, is the post authorized to use excess year-end funds to purchase wine.” Rules also mandated that all wine purchased were to be from American wineries.
Stroum and an assistant also flied to Switzerland at taxpayers' expense to hire a chef, despite rules requiring all hires to be from the local area.
A website, popular among foreign service workers called Diplopundit, called the report “The Horror Report of the Year
The report concluded that the embassy “has underperformed for the entirety of the current ambassador's tenure” and that “it plays no significant role in policy advocacy or reporting, though developments in Luxembourg are certainly of interest to Washington clients and other US missions in the NATO and EU communities.” After their visit, State Department investigators recommended bringing in doctors to the embassy, to “evaluate morale and stress levels of staff.”
Upon resigning her one-year stint, Stroum said she was leaving to spend more time with her family.
Photo by Frederic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images
Josh Voorhees is a Slate senior writer. He lives in northeast Ohio.
Above is video from this past weekend of Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa announcing a $1-million reward for information that led to the capture of Christopher Dorner, the ex-cop turned suspected cop killer who at that point had been on the run from authorities for about a week. Word of the seven-figure payout quickly became part of a story that was already dominating national news, helping to bring in more than 1,000 tips as to the fugitive's whereabouts in the process.
For all intents and purposes that manhunt ended on Tuesday, when the cabin Dorner was believed to be holed up in burned to the ground as it was surrounded by police. So who will get that money once the case is officially closed? Probably no one. Here's Villaraigosa's full-quote from that news conference, see if you can spot the giant loophole:
"Yesterday leaders from throughout the region, including leaders from businesses and unions, government, law enforcement and community groups, came together to pool resources and protect our core value of public safety. Collectively this group, led by my office, is posting a reward of $1 million for information that will lead to Mr. Dorner's capture."
Advertisement
Yep, thanks to some careful phrasing, it appears as though the city can hold on to its cash because Dorner wasn't technically "captured" before he died. The official story out of the mayor's office is that it's too early to say whether it will pay out the reward or not, but from the sounds of it a payout seems unlikely. As LAPD officer Alex Martinez bluntly told CBS News: "There was no capture and no conviction. It's kind of a no-brainer." (TMZ, which I should note was among the first to spot the potential loophole, has a rundown of a pair of similar $100,000 rewards that could likewise go unawarded.)
If that really is the case, then the $1-million alive-but-not-dead award was probably a shrewd financial move by the city, in the short-term anyway. (Anyone even remotely familiar with Dorner's manifesto could guess that the chances that the manhunt was going to end any other way than with his dead body were mighty slim; so, hey, free tips!) On the other hand, denying the tipsters their reward may not be the best PR move for the city at a moment when Dorner's claim of racial discrimination during his time at the LAPD has reopened old wounds in the city. It also wouldn't be the best way to encourage would-be tipsters to come forward in the future.
If the city does hand out the cash, the people with the best claim to a large slice of it are probably Jim and Karen Reynolds, the couple that was briefly held hostage by Dorner after he broke into their condo on Tuesday, before stealing their purple Nissan and fleeing the scene. Minutes later, Karen called 911, the Los Angeles Times explains, setting "in motion the chain of events" that led to Dorner's shootout with a state Fish and Wildlife warden and then later the standoff at the cabin that eventually went up in flames. Asked if she expected to receive at least a share of the $1 million, Karen told reporters last night: "We heard nobody was getting that because he needed to be captured and convicted."
1979 Revolution: Black Friday is set to release on iOS soon. The game is a unique experience as it's a narrative-driven experience taking place in the midst of the Iranian Revolution. You play as Reza Shirazi, a photojournalist who returns to Iran as the revolution against the Shah breaks out. You wind up having to make difficult decisions as the revolution goes on and you become involved with various participants in it. It's a unique setup for a game, and it's the first of similar projects that inK Stories Studio wants to work on.
The response to the desktop version has been positive, and now mobile players are going to get to experience this take on the Iranian Revolution and the ordinary people who lived through it for themselves soon. If you like Telltale-style narrative games, keep an eye out for this one – no release date has been locked down yet, but it's very close to release.
"The DOD has a terrible track record of troops exposed to chemicals in the 1991 Gulf War and clearly the same thing again from 2003 forward," Hardie told VICE News.
The U.S. military says that more than 600 American service members, who served in Iraq after the 2003 invasion, have reported possible exposure to chemical agents abandoned by the Iraqi military — remnants of the arsenal Saddam Hussein unleashed against Iranian troops and his rebellious Kurdish population in the 1980s.
Now, he is suffering from a bout of déjà vu.
Anthony Hardie spent years arguing that American troops who fought in the Persian Gulf in 1991 suffered from exposure to toxic chemicals.
Read more
Anthony Hardie spent years arguing that American troops who fought in the Persian Gulf in 1991 suffered from exposure to toxic chemicals.
Now, he is suffering from a bout of déjà vu.
The U.S. military says that more than 600 American service members, who served in Iraq after the 2003 invasion, have reported possible exposure to chemical agents abandoned by the Iraqi military — remnants of the arsenal Saddam Hussein unleashed against Iranian troops and his rebellious Kurdish population in the 1980s.
"The DOD has a terrible track record of troops exposed to chemicals in the 1991 Gulf War and clearly the same thing again from 2003 forward," Hardie told VICE News.
The Ebola outbreak is getting worse in Sierra Leone. Read more here.
Iraq's chemical weapons consisted largely of mustard gas — a weapon used with horrific consequences in World War I — and the nerve gas sarin.
Lt. Col. Matthew Clark, who co-wrote an Army medical text on the long-term effects of chemical warfare, said any health problems Iraq veterans may face will depend on what kind of agent they were exposed to and in what quantity.
"If it's a low-level exposure, it's probably not going to have any sort of enduring effect," said Clark, who teaches at West Point, the U.S. military academy. But he added: "The literature on that is fairly unclear with regard to what the impacts are."
Matthew Meselson, a Harvard University biologist and chemical weapons expert, said veterans who say they were exposed to chemical weapons should be checked by a dermatologist for burns, by an ophthalmologist for eye damage, and by a neurologist to test for nerve damage. Mustard gas burns the skin, eyes and lungs, and scars left by exposure to it are likely to still be visible, he told VICE News.
"If it was mustard — and the Iraqis had used mustard against the Iranians — there would be blisters," Meselson said. "But if they've been cured and they don't have any eyesight problem, it's passed away."
'Having people call into a phone number and tell somebody behind a desk that they were exposed to something, that's not effective.'
If exposure to a nerve agent was limited, he told VICE News, "recovery should be essentially complete."
The United States invaded Iraq in 2003 after accusing Baghdad of harboring a secret, ongoing chemical weapons program, along with biological weapons stockpiles, and making efforts to produce a nuclear bomb. No active weapons programs were found, though an American-led survey reported in 2004 that it had found "a small number of old, abandoned chemical munitions."
Those munitions were scattered across a country littered with old weapons, some of which were soon turned against U.S. troops by opposition Iraqis. In at least two cases in 2004, Iraqi fighters, who aren't believed to have known what they contained, used chemical shells as roadside bombs against American forces.
In October, The New York Times reported that the number of abandoned shells and bombs found scattered across Iraq topped 5,000 — and that at least 17 American veterans had been hurt by their exposure to them. It reported Thursday that the number had risen to more than two-dozen and that the Pentagon was looking into more than 600 other reports of exposure to chemical weapons.
The Senate report on CIA interrogation is about to reignite debate over the killing of Osama bin Laden. Read more here.
Army Medical Command spokeswoman Maria Tolleson told VICE News that 629 troops potentially were exposed to chemicals in Iraq. The Pentagon has set up a toll-free number — 1-800-497-6261 — for veterans to call if they worry that they, too, were exposed and it's stepping up efforts to find others, she said.
The veterans already identified by the Times will be interviewed and may get medical exams, Tolleson said, adding that the military will reach out to troops from the same units as service members who report their exposures.
Hardie served on an advisory committee that found evidence of chronic, persistent illnesses in U.S. troops who served in that conflict. He told VICE News the Pentagon's announcement was "a nice step in the right direction."
But, he added, the Defense Department had reached out to veterans of the 1991 conflict in a similar fashion, then "meticulously, one after another, denied all these claims."
"I don't have confidence yet," he told VICE News.
He said veterans should be offered the chance to come into a military or Veterans Affairs hospital to be tested, "and if they actually test positive and get treatment, that's how we'll know."
"Having people call into a phone number and tell somebody behind a desk that they were exposed to something, that's not effective," Hardie told VICE News.
Follow Matt Smith on Twitter: @mattsmithatl
Bushwick is a 2017 American action thriller film that was directed by Jonathan Millot and Cary Murnion and was written by Nick Damici and Graham Reznick. Featuring stars like Dave Bautista and Brittany Snow, the film starts off with Lucy and her boyfriend. As they are exiting a subway in Bushwick, they see a man who is on fire and running down into the station. Jose runs out to see what is going on, but is immediately killed by a blast. Lucy then runs out to try and find help but she gets chased by two men. They find her in a house but the men are then killed by Stupe, the owner of the house. Stupe, a war veteran, leaves his home to try and reach his family in Hoboken, and Lucy joins him as she tries to get to her grandmother's house. Along the way, Stupe gets injured and trains Lucy in first aid and how to shoot a gun.
On March 4, 2015, it was announced that Jonathan Milott and Cary Murnion would be directing the disaster action thriller film. Jane Levy was attached to play the female lead role of Lucy. On September 9, 2015, Dave Bautista also joined the crew to play the war veteran Stupe, both Lucy and him meet during a military invasion of Brooklyn where they decide to cross five blocks of Bushwick to get home. On November 4, 2015, Brittany Snow was cast in the film replacing Levy in her role as Lucy. Principal photography for Bushwick began in early December 2015 in Brooklyn, New York City.
Will they be able to reach the DMZ and successfully get to safety? I mean, the entire city of Bushwick is surrounded by mercenaries and helicopters as the nation is going through what is labeled as a second Civil War. We shall see…
The Film Itself (4/5):
Bushwick is a film that I wasn't completely sure about going into it. With limited information about the synopsis being available, the little bit of reading that I had done prior to watching it had just slightly grabbed my attention. Imagine a high-octane, fast-paced experience as soldiers have taken over your city or town and the fact that you have to basically fight to go anywhere without the risk of being shot on site. I know that if I were stuck in that situation, I'd definitely not be able to do so. The story that we're given with this film is pretty solid and very well maintained up until the last fifteen or twenty minutes. At that point, the story, for lack of a better term, comes to an end. As much as I wanted to see just a little bit more than my wife and I reached the end of the film, I couldn't help but find myself saying “that's it?” as the end credits started to roll.
Picture Quality (5/5):
Available in 1080p, Bushwick offers a crystal clear view into this semi-dystopian period. Allowing home viewers to see every nook and cranny in the now distraught landscape. One thing that was definitely appreciated as we watched through this movie, was the very well maintained clarity in the picture as some of the more fast paced action sequences played out. They offered no visible distortion, allowing my wife and I to visually feel the intensity of everything that was happening.
Audio Quality (4/5):
Packaged with a Dolby Digital 5.1 audio track, Bushwick makes absolutely every effort to offer an all out immersive experience for those with the ability to make use of the technology. While it's not nearly as immersive as a DTS or Atmos track, the overall audible presentation of this release was really well done. Hearing every aspect of the ambient noises coming from the surround and rear speakers respectively, this Blu-ray did a really solid job at making my wife and I feel as if we were right there in the middle of everything.
The Packaging (3/5):
Packaged in your standard two-disc Blu-ray amaray case, Bushwick comes bundled with the standard Blu-ray copy of the film as well as the standard DVD copy of the film. Each of the two discs feature a different piece of artwork that is related to the film. The Blu-ray discs art does match that of the case art, while the art on the DVD is slightly different. There is no digital copy redemption pamphlet included, however there is a slipcover that's been made available during the first print of this film.
Special Features (4/5):
Bushwick surprisingly offers just enough bonus content that allows viewers to not only explore the film itself further, but to explore the work that went into making this release available. Included with this release is:
The Making Of Bushwick
Photo Gallery
Behind The Scenes Photo Gallery
Poster Gallery
Technical Specs:
Video
Codec: MPEG-4 AVC
Resolution: 1080p
Original Aspect Ratio: 2.39:1
Audio
English: Dolby Digital 5.1
Subtitles
English SDH, Spanish SDH
Runtime
Original Film: 93 minutes
Final Thoughts:
Overall, I was genuinely surprised with Bushwick and the experience that it had to offer. Going into this film with minimal knowledge of the story, I didn't know what to expect at all. We are given a fast paced story, that somewhat feels similar to the story line of The Last Of Us for the Sony Playstation, but not quite as extensive. The overall visual and audible presentation of this Blu-ray was really well done and offered a great experience for my wife and I. There's a decent amount of additional content that's been made available to allow consumers to explore the film further. If you're on the fence about this movie, I'd definitely consider picking it up. It is available for preorder now and will be released on October 24, 2017.
Note: This Blu-ray was sent to us for review. This has not affected our judgement or editorial process in any way. Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this process.
If you are missing some pieces from your Skylanders Superchargers collection, get ready… it's deal time!
We're starting to head into the Easter season, which means more sales for us!
March 13th – 19th
BEST BUY
Buy 1, Get 1 free Skylanders Superchargers figures and vehicles
$29.99 — Skylanders SuperChargers Starter Packs Plus get a free legacy Starter Pack with your purchase
GAMESTOP
Buy 1, Get 1 free Skylanders Superchargers figures and vehicles
50% off Racing and Dual packs
$29.99 — Skylanders Superchargers Starter Packs Free Kaos Cup with purchase
TARGET
50% off all Skylanders toys
$29.99 — Skylanders Superchargers Starter Packs
TOYS”R”US
$9.99 — All Skylanders Superchargers figures and vehicles
Save $10 on all Racing packs
$29.99 — Skylanders Superchargers Starter Packs
March 20th – 26th
BEST BUY
Buy 1, Get 1 free Skylanders Superchargers figures and vehicles
$34.99 — Skylanders SuperChargers Starter Packs
TARGET
Buy 1, Get 1 50% off Disney Infinity figures / LEGO Dimensions Packs / Skylanders Superchargers figures and vehicles Mix and match across brands
No word yet on other retailers sales for the week of March 20th, but I will update you when I know!
Source: CAG, @Wario64, and WV_Matsui
Be sure to check out my weekly podcast , The Toys For Games ‘Cast . Talk all things in ‘Toys To Life' genre!
Christine Niles, a Vietnamese immigrant who helps run a parachurch organization in Michigan that promotes Roman Catholic teaching, expected to spend this week preparing theological materials and getting ready for the group's annual conference for men.
Instead, Niles, who is editor-in-chief of Church Militant, has been in consultations with local law enforcement after learning that a left-wing group is drumming up support to shut down the conference, which will take place on Aug. 4-6 at locations in Ferndale and Sterling Heights, Mich.
“Police have reached out to both sides and will have patrol cars observing,” Niles told Fox News. “But we don't know who the activists are associated with and we don't know what will happen.”
The theological conference causing controversy, titled “Strength and Honor,” is billed as “offering talks on the essential role of sacrificial masculinity of Catholic men to be good husbands and fathers” and to equip attendees with tools to “gain the spiritual and mental tools to be strong leaders among the faithful.”
But according to the Michigan People's Defense Network (MPDN), since the conference run by Church Militant -- which adheres diligently to centuries-old Roman Catholic teaching -- is exclusively for men, it “promotes a hateful, anti-woman message.”
And therefore it must be shut down.
“Many of the church's points are lifted from or are identical to ‘men's rights' discourse, which focuses on reducing women's agency and reproductive rights,'” said a Facebook post calling for local activists to join them at planned demonstrations. “The community will picket and protest to shut down the hateful messages spread at this conference.”
Step One for the MPDN, a self-proclaimed “anti-racist, anti-fascist, action group dedicated to fighting all forms of oppression,” is calling on others to join them at a press conference Friday outside the Church Militant offices in Ferndale, a Detroit suburb, to “announce action countering a ‘men's rights' conference.' This will be followed by a “picket and protest” outside the conference in Sterling Heights on Aug. 5.
The network was founded late last year in response to Trump's election under the guise that his rise has “emboldened the most right-wing, racist elements and encouraged a culture of hate.” MPDN thus vows that it is now “necessary to come out in defense of anyone under attacks by racists and fascists.” In their view, Church Militant fits that bill.
“The church also peddles racist, anti-Muslim rhetoric, painting Muslim migrants and refugees as sexual predators,” the group stated. “As the radical Christian right rises in America, having supported Donald Trump's campaign of hatred against the most marginalized, it is more vital than ever that the community stands against hate draped in a cross.”
Niles, who has degrees from Notre Dame University and Oxford University, and her colleagues at Church Militant contend that this could not be further from the truth.
“The real bone of contention that MPDN has with Church Militant is not the spurious claims and lies it's telling, but the positions we take on morality and decency,” the Catholic group said in a statement. “Church Militant is not a hate group; MPDN is the real hate group, trying to intimidate religious organizations into silence and shut down a conference meant to help men by fostering the virtues of humility, charity and sacrifice.”
DETROIT JUDGE PRAISED FOR HALTING DEPORTATION OF IRAQI CHRISTIANS, BUT ICE ISSUES WARNING
SYRIANS DESCRIBE TORTURE INSIDE ASSAD PRISONS: 'DEATH IS MUCH BETTER THAN THIS'
Adel Hawkins, a member of MPDN, told Fox News they are expecting around 50-100 people to attend Friday's gathering, and rebuffed suggestions that Church Militant was "pro-immigrant" and "pro-women."
"LGBT women are women, too, and to be pro-life means that you aren't giving women full autonomy at all," she said. "To us, that isn't very pro-women at all."
Dan Gainor, vice president of business and culture at the Media Research Center, concurred that the religious outfit is hardly the “radical” one in this matter.
“The radical left is following the lead of the liberal media and attacking Church Militant. Now, even having a men's conference on how to be good husbands and fathers generates liberal protests,” he said. “Sometimes I wonder if the same protesters just move from one event to another – never actually holding down a real job.”
This isn't the first time Church Militant has found itself at the center of controversy in recent months.
The New York Times profiled Church Militant as having “right-wing stances against globalism, immigration, social-welfare programs and abortion,” as well as driving a “depiction of an existential war against radical Islam.” The Atlantic referred to the conservative Catholic outfit as a news organization on the “fringes” of the Catholic world run by “a group of radical Catholics.”
Even allies of Pope Francis distanced themselves in a Vatican-reviewed publication, calling out Church Militant and other pro-Trump church groups as “composed mainly of whites from the deep American South,” and adopting “shocking rhetoric” that “uses Christian symbols to impose itself.”
According to Niles, who maintains that Church Militant is "proudly pro-life, pro-women and pro-immigrant," the sudden spotlight has been a mixed bag. On one hand, their conference numbers have been bolstered by supporters upset at the effort to squash their First Amendment and religious freedom. But on the other, abuse has become commonplace.
“We now have cars driving past yelling epithets at myself and other women,” she added. “The attention on us has been ramping up quite a bit.”
Barack Obama has performed his act of contrition; now comes the hard part. | REUTERS Obama isolated ahead of 2012
President Barack Obama has performed his act of contrition. Now comes the hard part, according to Democrats around the country: reckoning with the simple fact that he's isolated himself from virtually every group that matters in American politics.
Congressional Democrats consider him distant and blame him for their historic defeat on Tuesday. Democratic state party leaders scoff at what they see as an inattentive and hapless political operation. Democratic lobbyists feel maligned by his holier-than-thou take on their profession. His own Cabinet — with only a few exceptions — has been marginalized.
Story Continued Below
His relations with business leaders could hardly be worse. Obama has suggested it's a PR problem, but several Democratic officials said CEOs friendly with the president walk away feeling he's indifferent at best to their concerns. Add in his icy relations with Republicans, the media and, most important, most voters, and it's easy to understand why his own staff leaked word to POLITICO that it wants Obama to shake up his staff and change his political approach.
It should be a no-brainer for a humbled Obama to move quickly after Tuesday's thumping to try to repair these damaged relations, and indeed, in India on Sunday, he acknowledged the need for “midcourse corrections.”
But many Democrats privately say they are skeptical that Obama is self-aware enough to make the sort of dramatic changes they feel are needed — in his relations with other Democrats or in his very approach to the job.
In his effort to change Washington, Obama has failed to engage Washington and its institutions and customs, leaving him estranged from the capital's permanent power structure — right at the moment when Democrats say he must rethink his strategy for cultivating and nurturing relations with key constituencies ahead of 2012.
“This guy swept to power on a wave of adulation, and he learned the wrong lessons from that,” said a Democratic official who deals frequently with the White House. “He's more of a movement leader than a politician. He needs someone to kick his ass on things large and small and teach him to be a politician.”
Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) expressed a much deeper frustration to POLITICO: that the president never had House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's back — and it cost both of them. “They not only failed to defend her and her accomplishments on their behalf,” said Miller of the White House, “they failed to defend themselves.”
Tuesday's losses have left high-level Democrats feeling freer to open up about White House missteps over the past two years — complaints that were repressed when Obama was strong but now are being aired as clues to his team's isolation as he tries to regain command of the capital after his midterm thrashing.
Consider state party leaders. Many feel slighted by a president they helped elect. The slights are both big and small. In July, Obama was visiting GM and Chrysler plans in the Detroit area and invited the local House member — but other Democratic lawmakers who stood to benefit from the exposure were left in the cold.
• Lennart Johansson was beaten by Blatter in 1998 • Alleges: 'I hear that they bought some votes'
The man beaten by Sepp Blatter for the Fifa presidency in 1998 believes his election hopes may have been damaged by vote-buying.
Lennart Johansson, the 82-year-old who was then Uefa's president, lost to Blatter by 111 votes to 80. Blatter last year accepted there had been vote-buying at the election but vehemently rejected any suggestions that he was involved.
Johansson said that Fifa's public reputation was now so tarnished by corruption claims that it needed a full independent investigation into the range of allegations, including the former vice-president Jack Warner's recent claim that Blatter allowed him to pay only one dollar for World Cup TV rights.
Johansson told Bloomberg: "I think I'm entitled to talk about it because I was the second candidate at the election in 1998. I lost and now I hear that they bought some votes.
"For people on the streets Fifa is corruption, is bribery, things like that and they hear it year after year and nothing happens. I can't see how things like that can change."
Johansson claimed that Fifa executive committee members had turned a blind eye to the allegations, saying: "The question is why they stay under these circumstances. They don't like to talk about it. And the worst thing is it creates a lot of speculation about why they behave like this."
The 1998 vote-buying allegations were detailed in the 1999 book How They Stole the Game by David Yallop, who alleged that a Middle Eastern fixer working for Blatter procured votes by giving African delegates at the Meridien Montparnasse hotel in Paris envelopes each containing $50,000, supposedly as development money.
Blatter told a news conference last March, after being asked about Fifa's reputation being damaged by such allegations: "It's not easy to change somewhere where people started by saying you have bought votes in your first election.
"Who has bought votes in the first election? Go down to Paris in 8 June 1998 in the Meridien Montparnasse. I was not there because they expelled me from Fifa at the time, and then you will see who has bought votes. That was somebody … it doesn't matter now. You have just asked me as president and I have just explained before."
Blatter's reference to being "expelled from Fifa" was in relation to his having had to step down as general secretary in order to stand for president.
Johansson said, in relation's to Warner's claims about buying TV rights for one dollar: "We need to investigate Warner's comments for the reputation of football not to help Mr Warner. Mr Warner made us aware of really what's happened by telling us about it. Then if he's telling a lie that should be proved. We will see."
Fifa said that Warner's statement contained "several inaccuracies and falsehoods" and denied that he was given TV rights in return for supporting Blatter.
Warner resigned as a Fifa vice-president in June shortly after he and Blatter's presidential challenger, Mohamed Bin Hammam, were charged with bribery. Bin Hammam was banned for life in July but has lodged an appeal.
Both Warner and Bin Hammam were key supporters of Blatter in the 1998 and 2002 elections.
A team of professional archaeologists are excavating a massive 2,600-year-old Urartian cemetery (or necropolis, literally meaning “city of the dead”) in Karmir Blur, Armenia, also known as Teishebaini during the time of the Kingdom of Urartu. The location and its environs are near Armenia's capital city, Yerevan. According to on-site anthropologist, Dr. Armen Martirosian, a medical doctor by profession, the site may be “the largest Iron Age necropolis in the Near East, if not the world.”
(You can read Dr. Armen Martirosian's first-hand account from the excavation site at the end of this article.)
In case you're hazy on ancient history, Urartians were the immediate predecessors of the Armenian people, their kingdom located around Lake Van and Mt. Ararat – many scholars believe the name Ararat is a variation of the name Urartu.
Fifty people are working feverishly to excavate a site of hundreds of tombs and up to 1,500 individuals before the six month deadline – a monumental undertaking.
The discovery and excavation of this site may uncover a great deal of new information about the Urartian culture, as well as lead to a better understanding of the genetic makeup of Armenians and their relation to their ancestors from Urartu. It has already been determined through genetic testing that Armenians have existed as a distinct gene pool for at least 3,500 years. Although this site is only 2,600 years old, its existence around one of the centers of Armenian culture will teach scientists about the interactions between Armenian and Urartian people and culture.
The site was discovered two years ago during surveying for the North-South Highway. After two test digs, archaeologists found significant historical artifacts, after which Armenia's government and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) made statements about ensuring the inviolability of the ancient site. But, the highway is scheduled to be built and even if it doesn't ultimately go through the archaeological site, the people excavating there now aren't waiting to find out.
The government of Armenia has allowed for six months for the dig to be done. It is also the only sponsor of the project, allocating funds to pay the people working. Those people are part of a wholly local team, led by Hakob Simonyan, director of the Cultural Heritage Center in Armenia, and it is composed of excavators, diggers, and archaeologists. Fifty people are working feverishly to excavate a site of hundreds of tombs and up to 1,500 individuals before the six-month deadline – a monumental undertaking. And they are already down to only five months.
In that short amount of time – interrupted by a blazing sun that often cuts the workday shorter than they'd like – they have already exhumed several skeletons. Although they can't yet be sure of whom those exact individuals were, Dr. Martirosian believes that two of them were soldiers buried together, another two were master and slave (or servant.) There are skeletons who were buried in the fetal position, as well. Besides the skeletons, they've also found “a goat kid, a turtle, horse teeth, carnelian beads, and a dog.”
You can see him describe some of their finds in a video taken by volunteer, Timothy Straight:
It's yet unclear whether construction of the highway will continue as planned in six months, whether construction will be further delayed for the dig or, in the best case scenario, the road moved to circumvent the site altogether. For now, the team is not taking any chances: their goal is to excavate whatever they can from the invaluable treasure at Karmir Blur before their deadline. It may be their only chance.
Below are parts of Dr. Martirosian's first-hand account from the excavation site, which he posted to his Facebook account:
Using a delicate dentistry tool called a scaler, I scraped the soil under Ligo's head with my left hand, using my right to cradle the cranium in case the dirt along the attached end gave way and his skull tumbled down. At times, I switched the scalar with a soft bristled brush, clearing the newly excavated layer to better see the gap. Though Ligo was buried on his back, with his arms bent toward his hips, his head, with his long graceful neck was turned toward the left (whether this happened before burial or after is yet to be determined), looking in the general direction of Rigo, his fellow tomb occupant. After a great deal of delicate excavation, a small tap on the remaining dirt keeping Ligo's skull in place was enough to free his skull and have it roll into my waiting hand. For the first time in 2600 years or so, Ligo, a warrior from the Late Iron Age kingdom in the modern Republic of Armenia known as Urartu, was back above ground. How he died still remains a mystery, but the tomb that housed him for well over two and a half millennia certainly contains a host of information of his life and times. In addition to his tomb's co-occupant, he was buried with an iron dagger, a small iron knife, an iron quiver with iron arrowhead, two bronze plaques the size of a pack of cards, probably attached to some kind of military uniform, a number of ceramic vessels, and what appeared to be a sacrificed lamb above both his and Rigo's heads. From the wear on his teeth, he appeared to be in his mid 20s, with an estimated height, based on his femur and vertebrae, to be 175cm. As the on-site anthropologist on the archaeological team, my role is but one of many in uncovering the history of Armenia. These individuals were not just strangers reverting to dust, but ancestors of many of the people of the Trans-Caucasus, particularly Armenians. The general location of our current excavation is known as Karmir Blur (Red Hill), and it's a well known Iron Age site formerly called Teishebaini. It was named after the Urartian storm/thunder god Teisheba. Appropriately enough, the history of Karmir Blur is stormy indeed. Though there are ruins near the citadel that indicate settlement from the early Bronze Age, it was during the late Iron Age that Karmir Blur took on a strategic role in the region. It's one of two large Iron Age settlements within the confines of the city of Yerevan. The specific site of our excavation is the ancient necropolis of Teishebaini, adjacent to the current Charbakh cemetery, and approximately a half kilometer SW of the Teishebaini citadel. Judging from the excavations of the tombs so far, they belong to the general population. Very little of the everyday life of the general population of the Urartian kingdom has been described, and this site is proving to be a treasure trove of history. Yet, being a heavily fortified and expansive city on the Eastern peripheral frontier of the Urartian Kingdom, the inhabitants of Teishebaini lead a hard and violent life. They were an agrarian people of a heavily militarized kingdom, often surrounded by hostile neighbors and marching toward an inevitable collapse. Within a century of its founding, Teishebaini lay in scorched ruins. On another blazing sunny day, in another tomb, I found myself staring into the face of another skull, Dusty. She was resting on her base facing East, towards me, in a terribly degraded state. Unlike Ligo and Rigo's well preserved skeletal remains, Dusty's tomb was a rough place for immortality. She was one of 9 skulls, with nearly all of their bodies in a very confusing state of dismemberment. Using another scalar, one with a blunter end, I scraped as much of the soil as possible under Dusty's base and prepared to extract her from her terrestrial matrix. Her particular section of the tomb was in a horrendous state of preservation, as ground water, or some other geological mechanism destroyed and degraded bone. It should be noted that nothing speaks of mortality like having a skull that crumbles in your hands. Dusty had reverted to dust, her shape and form forever gone. Yet, by excavating her skull, localizing her within the tomb, measuring, photographing, taking video, drawing, and describing her to the best of our abilities, her presence is not lost. Though she happened to be the literal face of mortality for me, she also represents a form of persistence. She may be dust now, but before giving way to the wind and dirt, she lives in our impressions of her.
The team at the site is actively looking for people to join their team. For those interested in volunteering at the excavation site, you can contact Armen Martirosian at [email protected]
This article has been updated with the following changes: the original version stated that there are “professional and volunteer archaeologists” – all the archaeologists at the site are professionals; also, one of the images from the site has been removed.
Today Apple released their Q4 results from fiscal year 2015, and in what seems like an almost unending cycle, the company has once again set a new record for the quarter with $51.5 billion in revenue. That is a 22% increase over the same period last year, where the company only had $42 billion in revenue. Apple's strong margins continue, with 39.9% margin for the quarter. Operating income came in at $14.6 billion, up from $11.2 billion last year, and net income rose $2.6 billion year-over-year, coming in at $11.1 billion for the quarter. Earnings per share was $1.96, up from $1.42 last year.
Apple Q4 2015 Financial Results (GAAP) Q4'2015 Q3'2015 Q4'2014 Revenue (in Billions USD) $51.501 $49.605 $42.123 Gross Margin (in Billions USD) $20.548 $19.681 $16.009 Operating Income (in Billions USD) $14.623 $14.083 $11.165 Net Income (in Billions USD) $11.124 $10.677 $8.467 Margins 39.9% 39.7% 38.0% Earnings per Share (in USD) $1.96 $1.85 $1.42
The large gains can be mostly attributed to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, released last year to record sales. The recently launched models were only available for a short time this quarter, but of course contributed their initial sales to Q4. The full impact of the latest models should be even more felt in Q1 FY 2016. Despite the iPhone being far and away the largest product for Apple, Mac sales have also contributed, along with services and Apple Watch.
The iPhone is king at Apple. It contributes the largest portion to their overall revenues, and with the excellent margins Apple enjoys, it is very profitable. Apple sold just over 48 million iPhones last quarter – a quarter where the new model was known to be incoming. Yes, the 6s and 6s Plus were released in Q4, but only at the tail end of the quarter. This is a 22% increase in phones sold year-over-year. Revenue for the iPhone alone was $32.2 billion for Q4, which is up 36% year-over-year and up 3% from last quarter. Q1 2016 (Oct-Dec 2015) will be the holiday quarter, and this is traditionally the strongest quarter for iPhone sales.
Mac sales increased 3% year-over-year, which means that the Mac is still showing slow growth at a time when the rest of the PC market is in decline. Apple sold 5.7 million Macs last quarter, which resulted in $6.9 billion in revenue.
The iPad continues to decline, with sales falling 20% year-over-year. For the quarter, Apple sold 9.9 million iPads, for revenues of $4.3 billion. This one segment is really the only chink in Apple's armor, and iPhone sales are likely part of the problem, with people turning to larger phones rather than tablets.
Apple Q4 2015 Device Sales (thousands) Q4'2015 Q3'2015 Q4'2014 Seq Change Year/Year Change iPhone 48,046 47,534 39,272 +1% +22% iPad 9,883 10,931 12,316 -10% -20% Mac 5,709 4,796 5,520 +19% +3%
Apple has also steadily increased its services, with the segment achieving 10% growth to $5.086 billion. This includes iTunes, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing, and other services.
Finally, we have Other Products, which is Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats, iPod, and accessories. This segment outperformed all other Apple segments in terms of growth, with a 67% increase in revenue year-over-year. With the acquisition of Beats, as well as the launch of the Apple Watch earlier this year, revenue grew from $2.641 billion in Q4 2014 to $3.048 billion this quarter. Unfortunately, Apple does not break out unit numbers for anything in “Other Products” but you can bet this gain was not due to iPod sales.
Apple Q4 2015 Revenue by Product (billions) Q4'2015 Q3'2015 Q4'2014 Revenue for current quarter iPhone $32.209 $31.368 $23.678 62.5% iPad $4.726 $4.538 $5.316 8.3% Mac $6.882 $6.030 $6.625 13.4% iTunes/Software/Services $5.086 $5.028 $4.608 9.9% Other Products $3.048 $2.641 $1.896 5.9%
I tend to think of Apple as iPhone and other stuff, because the iPhone sales are such a huge part of their revenue stream. iPhone sales now account for 62.5% of revenue, up from 56.2% a year ago. It's hard to fault them on this though, because clearly the larger displays on the latest iPhones have done very well for the company. But they did show good growth in Macs at a time when other PC vendors have seen a reduction in overall sales. Apple Watch is also off to a good start, but without unit sales It's difficult to see any sort of pattern there yet, since it was just launched this year.
Looking ahead for Q1 2016, Apple is expecting revenues of $75.5 billion to $77.5 billion, and gross margins staying between 39% and 40%.
Source: Apple
Vagina. It is a fairly innocuous word, don't you think? But in today's America, it has become more than a correct clinical term for female genitalia; it has become a naughty word. Suddenly, in a presidential election year notable for its lack of substance and abundance of acrimony, the vagina has taken center stage. The rules, however, for its inclusion seem to be muddy. Countless state legislatures have passed increasingly draconian laws that relate directly to the vagina. Ironically, the majority of people who have been most vocal in anti-vagina activities do not have one. In Michigan, at least, it has even become a word whose use can get you banned from speaking on the legislative floor. Love, lust, empowerment: These are all words that describe feelings different people have about vaginas. But what about envy?
The closer I am getting a vagina, the more I understand that I don't actually need one to be the woman I am.
A few days ago, I received a private Facebook message from a dear friend. It began, “I got to see my vagina today. For the very first time, my vagina. I know you know how significant that is and I only wish the same for you and soon. It will change your life.”
My friend, Natasha, sent this from her hospital room in Montreal, where she is recuperating from the most significant surgery anyone like us can ever undergo: gender affirmation surgery. We are transgender, which, for those few of you who might not know, is the phenomenon where the gender identity that is programmed into the brain of a fetus does not coincide with the physical sex into which that fetus develops. To make a million long stories short, it is unarguably one of the most painful conditions imaginable, largely because the person suffering from it has to fight tooth and nail to make people understand that it's real.
For as long as I can remember, I have been nothing more than a fleshy embodiment of the feeling that what I saw in the mirror was incorrect. I can recall very clearly being in first grade and having my first “girlfriend.” Her name was Connie, and she had a haircut that was somewhere between a pageboy and Moe Howard. We held hands at recess while we walked, and it was probably cute. What neither she nor anyone else realized was that I was only interested in her clothes. When I think of Connie, I think of a short dark blue polyester dress, patent leather Mary Janes with white socks, and a white crocheted shawl with little pom-poms. It would be a pattern I played out for most of my life: attaching myself to a girl I thought I wanted to look like.
I knew I was a girl, but I didn't know how to become one, to be one, and there was no one in my life who could help me understand any of it.
Thank heavens for Phil Donahue! It was at around 10 years old when I heard the word transsexual for the first time, when he had tennis pro Renee Richards as a guest. Born Richard Raskind, she had been an ophthalmologist and men's tennis player before finally being able to transition in 1975. After Christine Jorgensen, she was one of the first transsexuals to put herself out there and share her story. This was pre-Jerry Springer, and the topic was covered on Donahue with respect. It had a very profound effect on a 10-year-old “boy” who learned that day that it was possible to really become a woman one day.
But what did that mean, to “become a woman”? When I first saw Richards, I was not yet into puberty, certainly not mature enough to fully comprehend either being transgender or transitioning into femalehood. To 10-year-old Jimmy, it meant getting a vagina. That and that alone would make me a girl. Unfortunately, that belief, imprinted on the mind of a very immature, unknowing 10-year-old, would define how I viewed any possible success at “becoming” a woman.
Equating “woman” with “vagina” would form the template of every significant relationship I would ever have with a woman. (That, and replaying the circumstances of a long-term pubescent molestation, but that's another story.) Envy, jealousy, and a total lack of understanding — true, empathic understanding — these constituted my feelings about being with a woman as well as being a woman, and it all centered on the vagina.
Consequently, every significant (or insignificant) encounter I had with a woman (which, for me was necessarily experienced as a woman through a male body) was focused on her vagina: getting to it, being inside of it, being totally covetous of it, and, ultimately, punishing her emotionally for having one, as well as for being able to appear feminine.
Remember, it wasn't just vaginal possession that enraged me. My first awareness of the otherness of girls was their clothing. That consciousness of the appearance of girls would become the second-most powerful concept I had about women. Formed in the mind of a child, it would take years for me to be able to undermine that and move on to a real understanding of what it really meant to be a woman. But at the time, and well into adulthood, I could only look at women and think of them in the external. It was all about, “That bitch! I want those shoes!” There was no attempt (or realization that I needed to make the attempt) to get beneath the surface to her heart and mind, to what it was that gave her her womanness.
It was only after beginning hormone therapy and socially transitioning that I began to evolve. It was as I was able to live as a woman and wear the clothes and project the style I had always coveted that it became clear to me what I had so completely failed to understand about the experience. Thus, the closer I am getting a vagina, the more I understand that I don't actually need one to be the woman I am.
As much as the experience of womanhood is defined by having a vagina (learning to understand and cope with and, finally, embrace menses; being able to gestate and expel a new life through the birth canal; being objectified and used for access to the vagina, being treated as simply a repository), it is peripheral. Ultimately, I believe, the experience of being a woman, for any woman, is defined by confidence and self-love. However much of these she possesses determines the place she has in the world, in relationships, and within her own soul.
I have often told my children that we are the sum of only two things: what happens to us and who we are, the traits we possess and how they color our reactions to the events in our lives. On top of that, I am beginning to believe that gender (and all that goes with it) plays a meaningful part, as well. For men, power, dominance, and social status make up the prism through which they filter life. But for women, it is the admixture of confidence and self-love that evinces their essence, their femininity, their goddessness.
Within a few hours of reading the joyous message from my friend Natasha about her vagina, I read a posting by a lovely, powerful woman in a Facebook group to which I belong. She was addressing the question of how sex is an obsession in our society but sexuality (experiencing the power of our sex) is taboo. The discussion questions related to empowerment derived from women doing jobs seen traditionally as sex-related, such as stripping.
She opined that independent women, women with abundant confidence and self-love, find empowerment everywhere, even in performing acts others might consider demeaning. She equates to living in hell the conformation to expectations and beliefs engendered by a society that does not want empowered women. We are challenged to push all limits as a path toward self-knowledge. Ultimately, it is doing what we want that matters and that independence is in harmony with one's soul.
I can't stop thinking about what that means, to me and to all women, but especially to all transsexual women. Being on the outside for 43 years leaves me with a nagging sense that I am an interloper (or seen as one), arriving far too late to the state of Woman to ever fully understand what it all means or to really belong. Some trans people get hung up in that feeling, too, trapped (for all my nerd friends out there) in the brick wall at Platform 9-3/4, unable to burst through to the other side. Stuck in a gender purgatory, they can never fully transition because that means leaving the safety of their trans identity behind. For many, being on the outside is the only place where they have ever really felt on the inside.
It is precisely there that I wish not to get lost. I wish to understand and embrace who I really am, a woman, and I wish to know all that I can about what that means. I am beginning to taste a little of that bliss and pleasure that comes with believing in myself and, most importantly, loving the woman I have been waiting to be. There is nothing but joy in the surprise discovery that I don't need a vagina to feel these feelings. I get it by doing what I want to do, not what I need to do, and my soul loves it.
JetBlue Airways was fined $90,000 by the U.S. Transportation Department for failing to tell passengers during a 2 1/2-hour delay they could get off the plane as allowed under a 2010 federal rule.
Passengers at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport weren't told they could leave the plane as it sat at the gate with the door open on March 3, awaiting departure to San Francisco, the department said in an e-mailed statement.
The Long Island-based airline also flies out of Newark International Airport.
The fine was the second ever issued by the department in connection with an April 2010 rule, expanded in 2011, that fines carriers that don't give passengers the option of getting off planes stuck on tarmacs. AMR Corp.'s Eagle unit was fined $900,000 in November 2011 for Chicago O'Hare tarmac delays over the U.S. Memorial Day holiday weekend that year.
Part of the rule states that if passengers have an opportunity to leave a stalled flight, such as when the plane is at the gate and the door are open, they must be advised 30 minutes after the scheduled departure time and every 30 minutes afterward.
An investigation found JetBlue's contingency plan for long delays didn't contain assurances passengers would receive notifications on the status of the delay, even though that is required, according to the department's statement.
“We're cooperating” with the department, JetBlue Chief Executive Officer David Barger said in an interview on Bloomberg Television.
“This is such a nuance, though,” Barger said. Passengers could have left any time with the door open, even though no announcements were being made, he said. “I'm sure there are some lessons learned.”
Stranded Passengers
The underlying rule fines carriers as much as $27,500 per passenger when they fail to give customers a chance to get off planes stalled on tarmacs for at least three hours on domestic flights or four hours on international trips.
The rule was written after passengers were stranded on planes for hours, sometimes without access to food or working restrooms, in widely publicized incidents, including one in which 47 people were stuck on a 50-seat ExpressJet Holdings Inc. aircraft for 5 1/2 hours in Rochester, Minnesota, in August 2009.
Separately today, the Transportation Department fined ticket agent Orbitz $50,000 for failing to “clearly and prominently” tell consumers they may have to pay baggage fees on top of ticket prices.
The rates of smoking cigarettes among recovering alcoholics is three times that of the national average and research indicates that alcoholics are at greater risk for the negative health effects of smoking than other smokers.
An estimated 21% of the general population smoke cigarettes, but among chemically dependent people, the rate jumps to 80% to 95%. Researchers agree that the rate of smoking among recovering alcoholics is more than triple that of the general population.
Greater Health Risks for Alcoholics Who Smoke
Research also shows that because of the damage was done to the body by years of heavy drinking, recovering alcoholics who smoke are at a much greater risk of developing health problems related to smoking — particularly cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Consequently, the death rate for alcoholics following treatment is 48.1% within 20 years, compared with only 18.5% for the general population. More than half of those deaths are attributed to smoking (50.9%) compared with 34.1% for alcohol.
The Myth That Quitting Will Threaten Your Sobriety
One reason few recovering alcoholics attempt to quit smoking is the belief that the stress of quitting smoking could jeopardize their sobriety. Few treatment centers require their patients to stop drinking and smoking at the same time, mainly because many of the people who work in the treatment industry are smokers themselves. Members of recovery groups are warned by other members to "take one addiction at a time," further perpetuating the myth.
Scientific research, however, tells a different story. Several studies have found that quitting alcohol and cigarettes at the same time actually enhances the chances of maintaining sobriety. The reason, research shows, is because nicotine can increase the craving for alcohol, especially for those who always drank and smoked at the same time.
Most Alcoholics Have Tried to Quit Smoking
Most recovering alcoholics know they need to quit smoking and want to quit. A survey of people in treatment for alcohol dependence found that more than 50% said they wanted to quit and two-thirds of them had actually tried to quit at least once.
Typically, the main reason recovering alcoholics fail to quit smoking is because they try to do it on their own. Rather than using the same tools they used to quit drinking — medical treatment, professional counseling or support group participation — they try to quit smoking without assistance and often fail.
Reasons to Quit Smoking
According to Terry Martin, the Verywell.com Smoking Cessation Expert, the vast majority of people who smoke fervently wish they did not. Quitting is not easy, no doubt about it. But it begins with having the will to quit. Martin provides lists of the benefits of quitting.
Preparing Yourself to Quit
Get Help for Smoking Cessation
The good news about quitting smoking is that you don't have to do it alone. There are quit smoking aids available to help and a world of support out there to encourage you.
Essam Kamal Tawfiq El-Hadary (Egyptian Arabic: عصام الدين كمال توفيق الحضرى‎; born 15 January 1973) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Nogoom.
Nicknamed the "High Dam",[3][4] he has spent the largest portion of his club career with Al Ahly, with whom he won eight Egyptian Premier League titles, four Egypt Cups, four Egyptian Super Cups, four CAF Champions League titles, three CAF Super Cups, one Arab Club Champions Cup, and two Arab Super Cups. His other clubs have included Damietta, Sion (with whom he won the Swiss Cup), Ismaily, Zamalek, Al Merreikh (with whom he won the Sudan Premier League and the Sudan Cup), Al-Ittihad Alexandria, and Wadi Degla.
Third on the list of all-time appearances for Egypt entering the 2018 World Cup,[2] El-Hadary has made over 150 international appearances for his nation since his debut in 1996. He has won the Africa Cup of Nations four times, and was named the tournament's best goalkeeper on three occasions.[4] In the 2018 FIFA World Cup, at the age of 45 years and 161 days, he became the oldest player in history to play in a World Cup match.[5]
Club career [ edit ]
Born in Kafr al-Battikh in Damietta,[6] El-Hadary's father was a craftsman who owned his own workshop making furniture. El-Hadary took up playing football without his parent's knowledge, washing his muddy clothes in a local river after playing in order to avoid them knowing. He was spotted by his local football team before being signed by Second Division club Damietta at age 17. In his first training session, he was offered goalkeeping gloves, having previously never worn a pair, but refused to wear them and would run the 7 km to training everyday.[4] He made his first team debut for Damietta in 1993 at the age of 20, and after two seasons signed a pre-contract with Egyptian champions Al Ahly.[4] In 12 years at the Cairo club he won eight Egyptian Premier League titles, four Egypt Cups, four Egyptian Super Cups, four CAF Champions League titles, three CAF Super Cups, one Arab Club Champions Cup, and two Arab Super Cups.
Swiss club FC Sion announced that they had signed El-Hadary on a four-year contract in February 2008, despite objections from his club Al Ahly due to the fact that he was still under contract with them.[7][8] El-Hadary was fined and suspended by Al Ahly,[9] before world governing body FIFA gave permission for Sion to complete the deal.[10][11]
In 2009, FIFA suspended El-Hadary and penalized Sion,[12] even though he had already decided to return to Egypt.[13] In July, while his suspension was stayed by the Court of Arbitration for Sport,[14] El-Hadary moved to Egyptian Premier League side Ismaily.[15] In 2010, his 4 month suspension was upheld by the CAS,[16] and in January a Swiss civil court upheld the ban and fines and additionally ordered him to pay FIFA's court costs.[17][18]
In December 2010, after a brief stint with Zamalek SC, El-Hadary moved to Sudanese club Al-Merreikh.[19] After boycotting practices due to a pay dispute, he was loaned to Al-Ittihad Alexandria,[20] but after a stadium riot in Port Said led to the suspension of the 2011–12 Egyptian Premier League season he returned to Sudan again.[21][22] After his contract there expired, he returned to Egypt, playing for Wadi Degla in 2014,[23] moving back to Ismaily in 2014,[24] and returning again to Wadi Degla in 2015.[25] Throughout this period, he continued to be acclaimed one of the best footballers ever to play for Egypt or anywhere in Africa; in 2013 he was included in Bleacher Report's "50 Greatest African Players of All Time" list, ranked number 6.[26] In 2017, an argument with a teammate lead to El-Hadary being thrown off the Wadi Degla team briefly;[27][28] in June, he signed for Al-Taawoun to become the first foreign goalkeeper to play in Saudi Arabia.[29][30]
On 2 July 2018, it was confirmed that El-Hadary had joined Ismaily for the third time in his career.[31]
International career [ edit ]
El-Hadary has represented Egypt over 150 times since his international debut in 1996, winning the African Cup of Nations four times with his country. He was chosen as the best goalkeeper in the 2006 African Cup of Nations, held in homeland Egypt, in the 2008 African Cup of Nations, held in Ghana and for the 2010 African Cup of Nations, held in Angola.[32][33]
In January 2013 his agent tweeted that El-Hadary had retired from international football after being benched for a run of games, being the 23rd most capped international player in history and also the player with most African Cup of Nations titles. He returned to the national team in a match against Bosnia Herzegovina on 5 March 2014, winning 2–0.
On 4 June 2016, El-Hadary played the full 90 minutes in a 2–0 win against Tanzania which secured Egypt's qualification for 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. On 17 January 2017, two days after his 44th birthday, he became the oldest player to ever appear in an Africa Cup of Nations match after replacing Ahmed El-Shenawy in Egypt's first match of the tournament.[34] On 1 February 2017, El-Hadary saved two penalties as Egypt defeated Burkina Faso 4–3 in a penalty shoot-out to advance to the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations Final.[35]
In June 2018, at the age of 45, he was named in Egypt's 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.[1] He was the oldest of all players selected for the tournament, beating the record set by Colombian goalkeeper Faryd Mondragón in the previous edition of the tournament.[36] On 25 June, El Hadary was handed a start in Egypt's final group match against Saudi Arabia to become the oldest player ever to play in and debut at a World Cup at the age of 45 years and 161 days, once again breaking Mondragón's record of 43 years and three days. El-Hadary stopped a penalty kick in the first half of the match, but subsequently conceded from a second penalty just before half time; his team eventually lost the game 1–2 after conceding a late goal in stoppage time.[37][38][39][40]
On 7 August 2018, El-Hadary announced his international retirement at the age of 45, having made 159 international appearances for Egypt.[41][42]
Career statistics [ edit ]
International [ edit ]
Statistics accurate as of match played on 25 June 2018.[2][43]
Egypt Year Apps Goals 1996 2 0 1997 9 0 1998 4 0 1999 6 0 2000 3 0 2001 6 0 2002 14 0 2003 3 0 2004 6 0 2005 5 0 2006 11 0 2007 9 0 2008 18 0 2009 16 0 2010 11 0 2011 2 0 2012 13[b] 0 2013 1 0 2014 4[c] 0 2015 0 0 2016 4 0 2017 9 0 2018 3 0 Total 159[a] 0
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Image copyright AFP Image caption Afghan security forces on an operation near the Pakistani border on Saturday
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has said America's two-year deadline for pulling out the last of its troops may need to be "re-examined".
US President Barack Obama is committed to withdrawing all US soldiers by the end of 2016, as Afghanistan looks after its own security.
But Taliban militants stepped up attacks dramatically last year and have declared victory over the US.
Mr Ghani told US broadcaster CBS that "deadlines should not be dogmas".
Disagreements over the timetable for the US-led coalition's withdrawal dogged Mr Obama's relations with the new Afghan president's predecessor, Hamid Karzai.
Since the coalition formally ended its peacekeeping mission last month, some 13,000 mainly American soldiers remain in a training and support role, together with a few thousand US soldiers whose focus will be on counter-terrorist operations.
The Taliban declared that the US and its allies had been "defeated" and pledged to pursue a "pure Islamic system by expelling the remaining invading forces".
'No IS here'
At the peak of its 13-year mission, the coalition involved more than 130,000 personnel from 50 countries.
"If both parties, or, in this case, multiple partners, have done their best to achieve the objectives and progress is very real, then there should be willingness to re-examine a deadline," Mr Ghani told the 60 Minutes programme, in an interview to be screened by CBS on Sunday evening.
Asked if Mr Obama had been told, he replied: "President Obama knows me. We don't need to tell each other."
Unlike his predecessor Hamid Karzai, Mr Ghani agreed to a security deal allowing US troops to remain in Afghanistan until the end of 2016.
Both he and his now partner in government, Abdullah Abdullah, have supported the continued involvement of US troops, and had promised to sign the agreement if elected president in the country's recent poll.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The US-led coalition is packing up: blast barriers stored in a yard at Bagram air base
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Shipping containers awaiting removal from Bagram
Image copyright Reuters Image caption US military vehicles on lorries at Bagram ahead of their transfer to Kuwait
Gen John Campbell, who commands the coalition's remaining forces in Afghanistan, told 60 Minutes separately he was confident Afghan security forces could prevent the country falling into the hands of militant groups like Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
"With the military they have here... this is not Iraq," he said. "I don't see [IS] coming into Afghanistan like they did into Iraq. The Afghan security forces would not allow that."
The Afghan military, he argued, was now the "number one respected institution in Afghanistan".
"Couple years ago, I probably wouldn't have said that but today it is," he said, speaking in Kabul.
Critics have in the past questioned the morale and discipline of the Afghan security forces in the face of Taliban attack. At least 4,600 of their members were killed last year.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption As Sanjoy Majumder reports, Afghan security forces face a number of challenges
Resolute Support, as the coalition's new training force is known, formally took over on 28 December from the International Security Assistance Force (Isaf).
It will consist of more than 12,500 soldiers and 28 Nato allies, and 14 "partner nations" are due to contribute to its work "in different ways", Nato announced in a news release.
Omer, Mitch age 61, died unexpectedly but peacefully in his sleep Friday, Dec 18, 2015 after a year-long illness that continued to confound doctors. Preceded in death by parents, Dana and Annie, brothers Mark and Paxton. Survived by wife Cynthia Gerdes, children Casey (Paige), Jesse (John), Lauren, Katy (Chris), Nate; sister Libby (Bob), grandchildren Willow and Axel, and other family members he adored in the U.S. as well as Canada. As founders of Hell's Kitchen, Mitch and Cyn developed a relationship with customers through their cheeky posts, honest behind-the-scenes stories, hair-raising tales in the cookbook, or just stopping by tables to say thanks and hello. The pain felt by family, friends, and the Hell's Kitchen staff is beyond comprehension, but his death during the Christmas holidays is actually quite poetic. Anyone who knew Mitch clearly understood that in his heart of hearts, he truly believed he was THE Santa Claus, and his highlight each year was donning his outrageously blinged-out Santa zoot suit to visit tables with bug-eyed kids. The man that was bigger than life will always be big in our hearts; Cyn may have just lost her once-in-a-lifetime soulmate, but he really belonged to a much, much larger community, so if this outlaw, biker, artist, musician, ordained minister, chef, athlete, hunter-gatherer, author, son, brother, father, and raconteur somehow touched your life, come celebrate with us at Hell's Kitchen this Wed., Dec 23 at 1 pm. In lieu of flowers, donations to any of the following would make Mitch's heart sing: Embarrass Fire Dept (who made the pyromaniac an honorary firefighter), Serena Howe (a young family friend who is single-handedly trying to cover her mother's funeral expenses after recently succumbing to cancer), or Trent Spangler (toward crushing medical bills for a 13-yr old aspiring chef battling cancer... when Mitch heard Trent wanted to meet him, he invited him to be Chef for a Day, but then became too sick, so the staff rallied to make it happen). Checks can be made out to recipient of choice and mailed to Hell's Kitchen, 80 S 9th St., Mpls 55402.
Published on December 20, 2015
It rains a lot in the Netherlands, as anyone living here cannot have failed to notice. So why not do something useful with it? Molly Quell looks at a new beer brewed using rainwater.
A flood in Copenhagen in 2011 resulted in much damage to the city. But it also began the development of Amsterdam's first beer made from rainwater. The widespread water problems in the Danish capital set off alarm bells among Amsterdam officials. The city's waterboard Waternet came up with an initiative – named Rainproof – to focus on boosting the city's capacity to absorb the surplus water, while putting the rain to good use .
The success of one such project was celebrated last week at the Volkshotel in the Weesperzijde neighbourhood of Amsterdam where a crowd gathered to toast a new beer.
The beer, called Code Blond as a nod to the Dutch weather service's weather warnings, was the brainchild of Joris Hoebe, who owns the creative agency Spektor. Hoebe also serves as a coach at Amsterdam's hbo college which is where he met Pavel van Deutekom, a project manager at the college's start-up incubator MediaLAB.
Home brew
Hoebe had been given home-brewing kit by his mother the previous Christmas and had been dabbling in beer brewing. He realised the process used a lot of water and approached Van Deutekom with the idea to make the process more sustainable using rainwater.
‘He [Hoebe] asked me if we could try to make beer with rainwater so I said sure,' says Pavel. He rigged up a system to collect 40 litres and they were off.
Ultimately, it was brewed at De Prael. The Amsterdam-based brewery specifically hires people with physical and mental disabilities. When brewer Thomas Gesink was approached by the Hemelswater group, he was keen on the idea. ‘We see the issue with rainwater as a social issue as well, so it fit into our mission statement,' Gesink says.
Acidity
The first batch of rainwater was collected from the Volkshotel in Amsterdam, where the launch event took place. The beer itself is the same recipe as De Prael's Bitterblond, but uses the collected rainwater rather than tap water.
The taste is similar but softer, Gesink says: ‘We were concerned about the acid level, but ultimately, it was only slightly higher than the water we were using.'
The rainwater is run through a special filtration system, also developed by the group, to ensure it is safe for drinking. The initial batch of the beer was 1,000 litres but it proved to be so popular, the brewery has continued to make it and it's now available at a number of cafes in the city as well as in bottles.
De Prael is looking to expand its brewery by opening a section location which Gesink wants to have operated completely with rainwater. And another MediaLAB project has found a different alcoholic use. They've created a bottled gin and tonic made with gin distilled from rainwater. Heaven's water indeed.
Electronic trading networks have advanced markedly over the past decade. Surveillance systems that monitor the trades transmitted via such networks haven't kept pace, but the increased emphasis on the function suggests the gap will narrow sooner rather than later.
“We expect trade monitoring/surveillance tools to catch up with trading systems and level the playing field for compliance officers,” said Sudhir Gupta, vice president of capital markets and risk consulting partner at Cognizant. “These systems would be highly automated, keeping a 24×7 watch on trading activities. They would be capable of crunching very large data sets in real time, employing statistical techniques suitable for the segment.”
Regulators have pushed broker-dealers, as the de facto gatekeepers of capital markets, to upgrade their trade surveillance capabilities so as to avert incidents of rogue trading that might lead to broader market issues. For the biggest global banks, there's also some self interest, as cutting-edge surveillance systems can generate valuable business intelligence which in turn can lead to revenue opportunities.
Years ago, surveillance systems were typically developed on a piecemeal basis, so legacy infrastructure has its limitations compared with recent, more holistic iterations.
“A state-of-the-art trade monitoring/surveillance system should be implemented in a manner that provides a complete view of the firm's trading activity, i.e. across different lines of business and geographies,” Gupta told Markets Media. “Currently, most banks have siloed environments in which these tools work.”
“As banks become more global, the trade monitoring/surveillance tools should have the ability to analyze traders' activities on positions held in different asset classes and in all markets accessible to the trader,” Gupta continued. “The trade monitoring/surveillance system needs to combine historical and real time, structured and unstructured data with predictive analysis tools to detect and flag events in real time. There should be a capability to crunch large data sets, potentially through the use of ‘Big Data' technologies. Finally, systems would need to have dynamically evolving rules engines that can keep pace with the changes in regulations.”
Buyers of trade-surveillance technology have many options, though it may be necessary to cobble together a few products to fill in gaps.
“No single player in the trade compliance space currently provides every part of the desired coverage,” Aite Group said in a report earlier this year. “While there are many full-service offerings, even the established platforms oftentimes turn to partnerships to leverage the expanding range of analytical and search capabilities.”
Next-gen trade surveillance promises to be highly sophisticated, with deeply quantitative aspects and predictive analytics — not unlike some bases of the electronic trading that surveillance is meant to keep up with.
“There are new and emerging techniques such as hybrid models of distance-based clustering and dynamic Bayesian network,” Gupta explained. “The overall monthly activities of a trader establish a defined pattern. This pattern closely matches traders of similar characteristics and can be captured in the form of a probabilistic temporal model. Bayesian network may flag a set of trades if they fit into the context of the particular trader's trading pattern.”
Featured image by viperagp/Dollar Photo Club
Riot Games
While many people out there may deny that e-sports is even a real sport, you can't deny the money it pulls in and dishes out. And with the e-sports college course now providing training, when someone tells you to "git gud, scrub" over game chat, you can now tell them that you did... at college.
The Jikei Group, which runs professional training colleges throughout Japan, plans to deliver a three-year course in competitive gaming in Osaka. That's right, you can now receive professional training in e-sports.
The course will hone students' playing skills, sharpen reflexes and even teach students how to handle media interviews, according to school officials.
Students will attend 900 hours of classes each year at a hefty cost of 1.52 million yen (around $13,400) in tuition fees annually. This comes with a dedicated e-sports department in the Osaka Communication Arts College in the city's Nishi Ward.
This isn't Japan's first e-sports school, with the same group establishing another in Tokyo in April 2016.
"We train students with the same thinking as professional athletes," a spokesperson said.
Competitive video gaming has 292 million followers online and on TV, pulling in nearly $500 million in annual revenue, according to e-sports data tracker Newzoo.
E-sports are booming in Asia, with tournaments such as World Electronic Sports Games in China, which offered a prize pool of $5.5 million.
The money is real, that's for sure.
Roger Federer has made it through to the fourth round of the Australian Open after a straight-sets win over Marat Safin.
Federer won by 6-3, 6-2, 7-6 (5) in the match on Friday at the Rod Laver Arena.
The match was dominated by Federer who went on to take the lead in a third-set tiebreak after Safin was called for a foot fault.
Safin confirmed on Friday that the tournament was his last Australian Open, adding that Federer always played very well, "especially at the important moments".
The Swiss world number two is trying to win a 14th Grand Slam singles title.
He is next up against Tomas Berdych in the tournament. The Czech player knocked Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka out on Friday, beating him by 4-6, 6-1, 6-3, 6-4.
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
The grave of Rav Yaakov Don. (photo credit: Dave Bender)
How to Explain to Your Child His Teacher's Been Murdered in 6 Easy Steps
Varda Meyers Epstein Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 30, 2015
Not two weeks ago, Rav Yaakov Don was murdered, gunned down, sprayed with bullets from a submachine gun by an Arab terrorist. Rav Don was teacher to four of my sons. He taught at the local high school my children attended. He was beloved.
At the time he was murdered for being a Jew, Rav Yaakov Don was driving his car. He was on his way to the town of Maale Adumim to learn with two of his sons, yeshiva high school students. It was both his habit and his pleasure to do so each Thursday evening.
Not this time. Instead, Rav Yaakov Don, was murdered by terrorists at the age of 49, for the sin of being Jewish, living in a part of the world some people would like to be Judenrein, a Jew-free zone.
Rav Yaakov Don lived in a part of the world once called Judea and still called that by those who would rather be historically and geographically accurate than politically correct. People like me. That's as opposed to calling Judea part of the “West Bank,” which refers to the West Bank of the Jordan River, a body of water that cannot be seen from anywhere inside of Judea.
About Judea
The Hebrew words for “Jew” (Yehudi) and “Judea” (Yehuda) share the same derivation, as does the Arabic word for Jews, Yahud, in a clear nod to the geographic origins of the Jewish people. Rav Yaakov Don lived in Gush Etzion, where I also live with my family. We are called “settlers” and the word is said with venom by most of the world. We, however, feel we are the indigenous people of the territory, the Yahud, the Yehudim, the Jews, who live in Yehuda.
The death of their beloved teacher was a bad shock to my children, in particular, for my two children who are still in high school. In a country that has seen two terror attacks every day for the past ten weeks, this was the first attack to touch them personally. Rav Yaakov Don was the first person they knew who was not killed but rather murdered, because of hatred and because of evil.
Rav Yaakov Don was murdered for the same reason the 6 million were killed in the Holocaust. He was killed because of his religion. But his murder is in some ways worse than the murder of the 6 million in Eastern Europe, because it happened in the Jewish heartland. Gush Etzion is at the very center of Judea, the heartland of the Jewish people.
The newspapers may have you believe we, the Jews, have no right to live here in this place, or that our living here somehow means we don't want peace, or don't care about the terrible lot of others who covet this land. But actually, we live where we live because we believe it is our rightful property. We believe the Jews have a birthright to Judea. We also believe no other people have a birthright to this territory.
If you own a home and someone very, very poor squatted there while you were away (not by choice!), when you came home, it would still be your home. Even if the squatters were quite poor and miserable and had no home of their own. Even if they'd been there for some years.
None of that would matter. It wouldn't matter what condition their condition was in, to paraphrase Kenny Rogers. Because it would still be your home.
It doesn't matter what condition their condition is in, to paraphrase Kenny Rogers.
You might even feel very bad and very sorry for them. But that would still not make your home, their home.
The Jews are from Judea. The Arabs know this, too. That is why they call the Jews what the Jews call themselves, albeit in their own language: Yahud.
My kids are not being raised in the politically correct world. Rather, they are being raised in the accurate and historically truthful world. They see themselves as Bnei Yisrael, the Children of Israel, as we are called in the bible, the Bani Israeel, as we are called in the Quran.
The Arabs know who we are and we know who we are, too. It is the world, rather, which prefers to prop up the politically correct lie that somehow, the Yahud are occupiers of Yehuda, when in fact, Jews lived in Judea before there was an Arab people, before Mohammed was a gleam in his mama's eyes.
And so my kids understood the murder of their beloved teacher as an act of pure Jew-hatred. My kids understand that it's not about where we, the Jews, build, or how much land we own, it's that we own any land, build any home. It's that we exist on God's earth.
My kids understand this all too well.
And so they see the murder of their teacher in this light.
They see our people, the Yehudim, as having taken a huge hit by evil directed at us precisely because we are Yehudim, Jews. They lost their teacher to evil.
Now, I wrote about this event, the murder of Rav Yaakov Don, in the most politically correct way possible for a parenting blog to which I contribute. I was as strict as possible in leaving my politics out of that piece, because the blog bears the name of an apolitical nonprofit. It would not have been appropriate for me to share my ideology there.
And when I was done, it was still a powerful piece for all that I left out. I talked about how I was baking bread when we got the news of Rav Yaakov Don's murder.
I set my challohs on racks to cool and asked my children to tell me stories about Yaakov Don. I thought it might help them process the shock, the first real loss they'd ever experienced, but not a normal loss. They'd been robbed by terror. Someone who represented all that is good and true had been erased by evil. Evil had been the victor. Good had lost.
I made it about murder, about good and evil, but never did I insert anything about Jewish land rights or heritage. I kept it neutral.
It was a good enough piece in spite of these limitations, which might have made the piece seem artificial, lacking, or somehow dishonest. No. The writing still worked. The piece came together. And I was satisfied.
I called it, What to Do When Your Child's Beloved Teacher is Murdered.
Rav Yaakov Don, hugging a Torah Scroll at a celebration.
A couple hours later, however, the social media specialist on my work team at Kars4Kids wrote me. He wrote, “I am so sorry to hear about the loss of someone so close to your family!
“With the world so on edge about the recent terror attacks I think this really would pique our audience's interest. Would you be able to add “how you explain to children their teacher is dead” to make it even more relevant to our audience?”
I looked at his words (his name is Morris, BTW), and I thought. “No. Just no. Their teacher didn't DIE. He was MURDERED. And there is no way to explain this to children or to anyone else. You want me to write a flipping list piece for this?? How to Explain to Children Their Teacher is Dead in 6 Easy Steps?? You gotta be kidding me.”
Oh, how he loved his students.
But I didn't write that to Morris. Because I am very good about compartmentalizing and part of my values system is to never say no when asked to do something at work that could help your company or your company brand, in this case, the (apolitical) nonprofit I work for, Kars4Kids.
So I didn't write any of that, but thought about it for quite some time, thinking if I could do as he asked and be a good sport at work. I could maybe write about encouraging children to talk about their feelings, or maybe suggest that young children draw pictures until they work the grim bloody pictures in their little heads out of their little systems. It would be good for SEO, as Morris had suggested.
But I couldn't find it in me to acquiesce, to be a good sport at work. Not this time.
He was so full of feeling, so full of life. And now gone. Cut down. Just like that. No. This cannot be explained.
I could not find a way to explain murder/terror to children (as separate from death/dying). I could not find a way to explain Jew-hatred to children. I could not find a way to explain why Yehuda should be Judenrein to satisfy the UN, or the American president, or anyone else.
John Kerry, now, maybe he could have found a way to explain this. After all, it was Kerry who said you could understand the Charlie Hebdo thing, but not the Bataclan thing. Because hey, there can be a rationale for terror. That is, if you're John Kerry.
Or maybe if you're a columnist for TIME Magazine, you could explain this thing. If you were someone like Vivienne Walt. She'd know how to explain murder to kids. She wrote about it in the magazine in a piece on the Paris attacks:
In January it had been relatively simple to explain to my child, who was then eight, why the cartoonists had been the target, and why a Jewish supermarket was attacked — grim as the details were. . . Answering questions over dinner on Sunday was more difficult, however. The targets this time were young people having fun on a warm Friday night; people, in fact, who were his age not all that long ago.
Vivienne Walt would find it so much easier to explain terror when the victims are Jews than when they are just plain old regular Parisians.
Yeah.
Morris needed John Kerry or Vivienne Walt to explain these things, because I am so not up to the job of explaining how a beloved teacher could have been killed like that. Murdered like that.
A student leaves a lit candle at the site of Rav Yaakov Don's murder, in Gush Etzion, Judea.
I'm sorry, Morris. Really sorry to let you down like this. It's just that I have no way to rationalize, justify, or explain the murder of Rav Yaakov Don. Not to myself, not to the world, and certainly not to my children or anyone else's children.
I am not the expert on this because I have no wisdom on the subject to share with my readers on what I don't understand and never will: the evil that allows the world to explain away the murder of a teacher because he was Jewish, because he lived in Yehuda.
He had such a great smile. He lit up the halls of the school. Now those halls are a darker place for children.
This pretense that makes it an okay offense to murder a beloved teacher is something I don't understand.
I don't understand it and will never understand it and the truth is, I don't want to understand it.
It's enough to recognize it for what it is: evil.
And it's enough to hug my children and cry with them over the loss of their beloved teacher, to weep for a world so thoroughly corrupt it rationalizes the murder of Jews for living in Judea not 70 years after the Holocaust.
Social justice warriors flipped out at feminist YouTuber Laci Green on Saturday after she said the terms “male” and “female” refer to biological sexes.
Last week, Teen Vogue published a visually explicit and kinda gross article about a certain sex act, which included diagrams of the female and male reproductive anatomy. The diagrams described female anatomy as the anatomy of a “non-prostate owner,” and described male anatomy as that which belongs to a “prostate owner” so as to avoid using the terms “male” and “female.”
But Green pointed out that these descriptions are insane, as the word female literally describes someone who was born with a female reproductive system.
lolwut? according to vogue, females are now “non-prostate owners” pic.twitter.com/aGSNKG6wOQ— Laci Green (@gogreen18) July 9, 2017
fyi this is what i'm talking about when i say i can't even use *basic biology* terms in sex ed anymore. “female” = not inclusive (??)— Laci Green (@gogreen18) July 9, 2017
“female” and “male” are not identities or genders. they are biological sexes and refer to someone's literal body parts (for reproduction).— Laci Green (@gogreen18) July 9, 2017
These correct statements about human biology were apparently too triggering for social justice warriors to handle, because they raked her over the coals.
Someone tried to tell Green she's wrong, saying that a post-operative “trans woman” — that is, a man who undergoes surgery to appear female — runs the risk of developing prostate cancer. But this weird statement only proves Green's point that those who are biologically male can't magically become female, even if they like to call themselves that or have their bodies rearranged with plastic surgery.
huh? this is a contradiction. biological sex is the reason a trans woman still has prostate cancer risks post op. — Laci Green (@gogreen18) July 9, 2017
Another asked Green where she got her information about the sexes and their respective biology, to which she responded: “an elementary level biology book.”
an elementary level biology book. — Laci Green (@gogreen18) July 9, 2017
Some resorted to calling her a “TERF,” or Trans-Exclusionary Radical Feminist.
Laci Green: "Sex and gender are not the same thing. Sex refers to biological…"
Outrage Twitter: "RHHEEEEE!!! TERF ALERT! TERF ALERT!" pic.twitter.com/GQTABNvbVP — Matt Invictus (@Atlanta962) July 9, 2017
laci green, crawling out of your browsing history from 2011 to tell you about how TERFs were right all along pic.twitter.com/DANt2xZYP3 — o shit waddup (@wrenwhite_) July 9, 2017
Hey pals, I've noticed that quite a few of you still follow Laci Green so I'm letting you know that Laci Green is a transphobe x — ✨CorbynStanAccount✨ (@HelloPoli) July 9, 2017
To be clear, Green buys into the whole “gender is a social construct and is not the same as one's biological sex” thing (which this writer thinks is hogwash), and made that very clear in her responses to critics on Saturday.
k. female = vaginas, uteruses, boobs, higher estrogen, less body hair. literally just basic biological facts. doesn't determine gender. bye. — Laci Green (@gogreen18) July 9, 2017
sure, there is no "purity". overcomplicating w/o necessity. reproductive hardware to get pregnant = basically female. if no, basically male. — Laci Green (@gogreen18) July 9, 2017
But that's apparently not enough for progressives, who say everyone must ignore physical and biological realities in order to appease those pushing the transgender agenda.
This isn't' the first time Green has been blackballed by liberals for saying things they don't agree with. Last week Green was added to a list of commonly blocked Twitter accounts that sensitive liberal use to purge their feeds of thoughts that may contradict their own. It was also revealed that she was dating an anti-PC YouTuber, Chris Ray Gun, for which many have criticized her.
PORTLAND — City officials are considering a proposal to convert High and State streets into two-way roads, to make them safer and more accommodating for pedestrians.
The plan's goal is to slow traffic on two of the city's busiest arterials, especially traffic going between Interstate 295 and the Casco Bay Bridge.
Additional Photos Traffic moves up High Street in Portland on Monday. A city proposal would make traffic on the street two-way once again. Photos by Tim Greenway/Staff Photographer Cars are stopped on State Street at the intersection with Congress Street in Portland on Monday. A plan to make the street two-way could make it more pedestrian-friendly. Related Headlines What's the word on the street?
A similar proposal was floated in 2000, but the discussion focused more on eliminating the State Street extension through Deering Oaks — a change that was opposed by the Maine Department of Transportation.
About five years ago, the city's Peninsula Transit Study recommended two-way traffic on High and State streets, but the change wasn't made.
Now, infrastructure improvements such as the Fore River Parkway and the new Veterans Memorial Bridge makes the timing right to revisit the proposal, says City Councilor David Marshall, who chairs the council's Transportation, Sustainability and Energy Committee.
He hopes to get buy-in from the Department of Transportation this time by keeping State Street extension as a two-way road.
“I think it's worth a new set of eyes,” Marshall said. “We're trying to look at the whole picture. Times are changing. There's more emphasis on safety and inviting pedestrians.”
Susan Waltz, who works at Mercy Hospital on State Street, said she crosses the street several times a day. She called the situation “a disaster waiting to happen” and said she is encouraged that the city is looking into the unsafe conditions. Public Services Director Michael Bobinsky said the city's staff will take the first step June 20 and present Marshall's committee with details of the study, which would examine project costs, traffic counts on High and State streets, intersection crash rates and computer traffic modeling.
Bobinsky said the city needs updated traffic counts for High and State streets before it decides whether to move ahead with the proposal.
The study, done mostly by city employees, also would examine the potential loss of on-street parking, the changes' effects on intersections in both Portland and South Portland, and potential infrastructure upgrades at major intersections.
The committee would use the study this summer in considering its recommendation to the council, which would make the decision on the proposal.
State and High streets were two-way until the early 1970s. In the late 1960s, the city hired Victor Gruen Associates to recommend ways to improve Portland's neighborhoods and downtown. Gruen, known as the father of modern shopping malls, believed in urban renewal and recommended that the city build a variety of interstates and arteries to better connect the downtown with outlying neighborhoods and communities.
Although several of his recommendations were not accepted, several were, including: “Improve access to downtown by completely rebuilding Franklin Street and by converting a renovated High Street and State Street to a one-way pair.”
One local activist has long supported undoing Gruen's vision.
“These are very negative changes to our life on the peninsula,” said Anne Pringle, president of the Friends of Deering Oaks, noting that most of the buildings along High and State streets are homes. “I view (the proposal) as taking back our city from Victor Gruen's flawed vision, which is to move cars fast and in great volume.”
Bobinsky said the city would work with businesses, neighborhoods, schools, public transit officials, and state and regional planners, among others, throughout the study and the project, if it's done.
“It's certainly a regional transportation link in and out of the city, so we need to be careful about what that means,” he said.
Bobinsky said the study also would look at potential “traffic diversion,” as drivers seek alternative routes, including those through residential neighborhoods.
Marshall said commuter traffic from I-295 to the Casco Bay Bridge could be diverted to West Commercial Street to the Fore River Parkway and the new Veterans Memorial Bridge, which is expected to open this summer.
A state official said the Department of Transportation, whose approval would be needed, would approach the city's proposal cautiously.
Steve Landry, the assistant state traffic engineer, said the department would have to see computer models showing new traffic flows and proposed upgrades at key intersections before signing off on any new traffic patterns.
“Everything you do will have a reaction someplace else,” Landry said. “We need to know what that reaction is.”
The city is also looking at other major thoroughfares, including Franklin and Spring streets, Marshall said. The City Council recently appointed a task force to recommend changes in conjunction with the renovation of the Cumberland County Civic Center on Spring Street.
On Monday, business owners and residents were intrigued by the idea of making High and State streets two-way.
Andres Verzosa and Yeshe Parks, who were eating lunch at Local Sprouts on Congress Street, were split about the plan.
Verzosa, a Congress Street resident who owns Aucocisco Galleries in the Old Port, supported the idea. He wasn't sure if the plan would affect his business, but it would improve the feel of the downtown, he said.
“Portland has become a place you like walking around,” Verzosa said.
Although Parks usually bikes into work from outer Washington Avenue to Standard Baking Co. on Commercial Street, he's not convinced that the two-way streets would solve Portland's traffic problem. They could actually make it worse, he said.
“I think a left-hand turn could prove to be disastrous,” Parks said. “You could go a whole light (cycle) and not be able to go.”
Staff Writer Randy Billings can be contacted at 791-6346 or at: [email protected]
Twitter: @randybillings
Share
Vanguard has engaged in a further round of expense-reductions across a broad range of its US-listed funds, including the lowering of fees for nine equity ETFs and three bond ETFs.
Noting that broad market equity and bond exposures can be obtained for 10 basis points or less through ETFs, Vanguard CEO Bill McNabb, said: “While Vanguard is lowering — and will continue to lower — the cost of investing, the so-called fee war is essentially over on the beta battleground… Investors have won. The new fronts in the fee war are active management and advice. Again, investors will ultimately win.”
Part of the fee reductions are being applied to some of the industry's largest international ETFs including five that are the largest in their category (VWO, VGK, VPL, VT, and BNDX) and two that are the second largest in their category (VNQI and VSS), according to Morningstar data as of 31 December 2016. These reductions are as follows:
The Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF (VWO) declined one basis point to 0.14%.
declined one basis point to 0.14%. The Vanguard FTSE Europe ETF (VGK) declined two basis points to 0.10%.
declined two basis points to 0.10%. The Vanguard FTSE Pacific ETF (VPL) declined two basis points to 0.10%.
declined two basis points to 0.10%. The Vanguard Total World Stock ETF (VT) declined three basis points to 0.11%.
declined three basis points to 0.11%. The Vanguard Total International Bond ETF (BNDX) declined three basis points to 0.12%.
declined three basis points to 0.12%. The Vanguard Global ex-US Real Estate ETF (VNQI) declined three basis points to 0.15%.
declined three basis points to 0.15%. The Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US Small-Cap ETF (VSS) declined four basis points to 0.13%.
In addition, Vanguard's relatively new municipal bond index ETF, the Vanguard Tax-Exempt Bond Index ETF (VTEB), saw a 25% expense ratio reduction from 0.12% to 0.09%.
Other reductions in fees included the Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF (VEU) declining two basis points to 0.11%, the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (VYM) declining one basis point to 0.08%, the Vanguard Total International Stock ETF (VXUS) declining three basis points to 0.11%, and the Vanguard Emerging Markets Government Bond ETF (VWOB) declining two basis points to 0.32%.
Vanguard raised the fees on the Vanguard International High Dividend Yield Index ETF (VYMI) by two basis points to 0.32%.
“The demand for low-cost funds and ETFs, along with intense competition, have made investing far more affordable today than ever before,” added McNabb. “With the broad availability of low-cost options, investors – whether on their own or with the help of a financial advisor or employer – need to focus on the other factors that can lead to investing success, including saving more, developing a suitable asset allocation, using broadly diversified funds, and maintaining discipline through market ups and down.”
Following the reductions in cost, 99% of Vanguard's US-domiciled ETFs now fall within the lowest cost quartile of all ETFs within their respective categories, according to Morningstar data.
Commenting on Vanguard's fee-reduction decision, Todd Rosenbluth, Head of Mutual Fund and ETF Research at CFRA Research in New York, noted that lower fees for ETFs will continue to encourage advisors and investors to seek out passive management to build portfolios rather than rely on more expensive and often underperforming active products.
However, Rosenbluth also issued a word of caution, noting the importance that ETFs are not chosen for their fees alone as the country exposure differences of international equity and bond ETFs will impact performance.
To illustrate his point, Rosenbluth noted two examples:
Firstly, the Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF (NYSE: VWO) has the same expense ratio of 0.14% as the iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (NYSE: IEMG), but VWO outperformed IEMG by 110 basis points over a three year period, as of 27 February 2017. Rosenbluth highlighted key exposure differentials, such as Korea (0% of assets in VWO vs 15% for IEMG) and India (11% in VWO vs. 9% in IEMG) as significant influencers in the disparity of fund performances.
Secondly, the Vanguard Total International Bond ETF (Nasdaq: BNDX) has the same 0.11% expense ratio as the iShares International Aggregate Bond Fund (Bats: IAGG) but underperformed IAGG by 72bp over the past year, as of 27 February 2017. Significant country exposure differentials driving relative performances included Japan (22% in BNDX vs. 13% in IAGG) and the UK (8% in BNDX vs. 11% in IAGG).
While some research does suggest that fund fees are the best indicator of future returns, and low-cost funds have tended to outperform high-cost funds over time (See “Vanguard calls for fees “health warning” on funds”), Rosenbluth's comments are a reminder of the importance to factor in differences between ETF exposures, and how these relate to the investor's own capital market expectations, when making investment decisions.
Posted 08 July 2012 - 03:26 AM
From all my research into Meditation and mental training, it seems to be widely accepted that the mind CAN be trained and strengthened to function at higher levels and altered states of minds, without any changes to diet. I personally have experienced this throughout my life, since I started meditating. Meditation is like a pushup for the mind, only you can do far more things and it can heal/recover at much more extreme rates.Anyways, I make this post in regards to an experiment I plan to conduct and the theory and logic behind it, and how other people can easily apply it to their lives.Many people use supplements to function at higher cognitive levels(and at physical levels too), but on this forum, I'll stick to the cognitive aspect.If a person takes supplements, they may receive a short term, and even long term boost, though once supplementation has ceased, the effects will decline.The solution:Mental training.To briefly describe the essence of mental training:If somebody focuses the mind with an activity such as meditation(which can be done in less than 20 minutes), that person will notice a significant mental boost in focus, and overall cognitive functioning. The more this state is practiced the more benefits the person will experience over the long term. This is a perfect example of someone training the mind to operate in a certain state.With meditation though, results can only come so fast.Though if a person receives a boost of supplements, and trains the mind to stay in that state of conscious functioning, meditating on it daily, while weening his/herself off of the supplement that brought the boost in the first place.... then the person will notice he can operate at that level of functioning without the supplement. - ASSUMING the person does not decrease their dose any further until they have reached a level of functioning as high, or higher than their previous does on the supplement(before they began the weening. You basically, find a state of mind you enjoy on a supplement, decrease your dose a little, focus the mind on reaching that boosted state again, once it has been reached, decrease the dose some more, and keep doing this, only decreasing the dose when you are able to have your mind working at a level of your highest enjoyable dose.A similar concept can be seen in the movie Limitless, where instead of relying on the drug NTZ, he trains himself to operate at that level of functioning without the drug.If a short meditation session can definitely boost a person overall mindstate, and constant/daily meditation can cause long term changes, then it only makes sense that a person can train his mind to operate at any level.On a meditation retreat last year, where we would meditate for 10-15 hours aday, for about 10 days straight... on the 4th day my mind was extremely powerful. I could halucinate at will, astral project and leave my body and fly around, and (lucid)dream with a single intention on turning a thought into reality. Though, this is hard core meditation here. After the retreat the abilities faded as my schedule only allowed me to practice meditation about 20 minutes aday, which is not enough time to ingrain such amazing abilities into my natural functioning.Anyways, any boost received from a supplement can be ingrained into your natural functioning. The fact is that the supplement makes it a million times easier since you know where you are going ahead of time. By understanding what functioning on the supplement is like, and focusing the mind to enter that state frequently, while gradually reducing your dose over time... you can successfully adopt functioning like that any time.It only makes sense. Your conscious experience of the world is dependent upon your brain waves, which are induced by chemicals. If meditating intensively can induce the same mental state as tripping 30 hits of acid, and meditating is merely using your natural brain chemicals... then this can be done with any state of mind.This being said, I firmly believe it is a rule of thumb that any state of mind that can be experienced under any drug/supplement, can be adopted in sober functioning with the proper mental training.This makes me point to Isochroma. While he did a bit manic, he achieved some amazing states of mind through the use of Piracetam. Imagine if he focused his mind, and achieved being able to operate like that while sober.It is proven that experienced monks who have meditated many hours are able to alter their brainwaves at will. This is basically because they've dedicated their life to controlling their mind.I hope I have inspired many of you. Any state of mind you can experience on a supplement can be experienced while off the supplement... and the brain is limitless. If you train your brainwaves to replicate their activity as when you were on a supplement, while sober... then you could go back on the supplement and achieve in higher states with the same doses, train your mind to stay in those states naturally by weening off the supplement, and repeat.In theory, you could become infinitely smarter, while would not be possible by merely talking an infinite amount of the substance because it is relying on a bunch of other brain faculties that are not up to speed with it... but by training your mind to stay in these states while sober, you are also training the other parts of your brain to keep up with the demand..... just a little brain theory for you folks. With the mind/brain... anything is possible.Cheers!If you have any questions, feel free to ask, though I am very busy with my career so I will try my best to answer the questions.-OS
Edited by OpenStrife, 08 July 2012 - 03:32 AM.
“I can confirm today that the government will put the final deal that is agreed between the UK and the EU to a vote in both Houses of parliament before it comes into force.” Theresa May, 17 January 2017
The Prime Minister has announced that MPs and Lords will vote on a post-Brexit deal with the EU. A reader has asked us what happens if parliament says no.
Mrs May's response when pressed on this was that “I'm sure that the British parliament will want to deliver on the views of the British people and respect the democratic decision that they've taken”.
We can add a little to this. There are several different scenarios, but if the government's policy doesn't change, then the UK would leave the EU no matter the outcome.
The ‘try again' scenario
First, the government could go back to the EU and ask for an extension to the two-year negotiating period allowed under the Article 50 process for leaving. That's possible if all 28 countries agree.
The ‘abort Brexit' scenario
Second, the government could go back to the EU and ask whether we can just forget the whole thing and remain a member. That's also possible if everyone agrees.
If there were objections—if the EU didn't want to let the UK change its mind—it's legally unclear whether we can do so anyway.
In this scenario, there would probably have to be a decision by the EU court on whether the UK can change its mind. A legal case is being taken to try to get the EU court's answer on that as soon as possible.
The ‘no deal' scenario
Third, the government could do nothing. The UK would then cease to be an EU member at the end of the two-year negotiating period, but with no deal.
That would create “legal limbo”: uncertainty on things like the status of EU migrants, the UK's outstanding bills, and the regulations that businesses have to follow. MPs on the Brexit committee have described this as “unsatisfactory and potentially damaging to both sides”.
In terms of trade, the UK would fall back on World Trade Organisation (WTO) rules. While it has been argued that such rules would allow businesses to sell into the EU market on reasonable terms, an abrupt transition from single market membership to WTO terms could be disruptive.
A ‘second referendum' scenario?
Fourth, it's been suggested that there could be a referendum on the deal. We'll leave the likelihood of that to the political pundits.
What we can say is that it would need to happen fairly quickly, as the clock would be ticking on the two-year Article 50 negotiation period. And unless we can change our minds about leaving, the choice for the electorate would only be between the deal on the table and the ‘no deal' scenario.
Parliament was always going to be able to hold up the deal
A vote on “the final deal” is different to a vote on triggering the Article 50 process for leaving the EU in the first place. The Supreme Court case decided last month was about parliament having a vote at the outset, not at the end.
The government told the judges hearing that case that an Article 50 deal would be very likely to have to go before parliament for review before being ratified, under a law passed in 2010. But those procedures only allow parliament to delay international deals indefinitely, not shoot them down altogether.
Mrs May seems to have committed to giving MPs and Lords a yes or no vote on this one, outside those ordinary procedures. Such a vote "would not necessarily be legally binding, so the implications of a no vote are unclear", as the House of Commons Library puts it. Technically, the government could ignore a no vote and try to ratify the deal anyway.
But in terms of the legal mechanics, it still needs parliament to allow the treaty to pass under the 2010 act already mentioned, and to pass the laws necessary to implement it. In purely political terms, too, it doesn't seem likely that the vote would simply be disregarded.
At least two deals could be voted on
It's also worth thinking about what “final deal” we're talking about, exactly. Because of the way Article 50 is worded, we and other analysts have always talked in terms of there being at least two major UK-EU deals after Brexit.
One is the ‘divorce deal' on things like the status of UK citizens in other EU countries; EU budget liabilities; pending applications for EU funding and grants; and pending decisions of EU regulators.
These divorce issues, some of which are fairly narrow and technical, are what Article 50 is designed to cover. We have two years to negotiate this deal once Article 50 is triggered.
The other is a more forward-looking deal covering, among other things, trade. Whether or not this could be fully negotiated along with the divorce deal has been an open question. In part it depends on whether the EU wants to do that, whether it's legally possible for it to do so, and what's feasible within two years (or less). But the Prime Minister has repeatedly said that, for her part, that's what she wants:
“I want us to have reached an agreement about our future partnership by the time the two-year Article 50 process has concluded.”
Such an agreement might not be fully fleshed out—it could more of a “framework”, leaving details to be filled in later.
So we've assumed that things go to plan and that parliament is presented with one treaty to ratify, covering both divorce and trade, within the two years specified by Article 50. It may well turn out differently, in which case we'll revise this piece accordingly.
THE STORY
Monsters is a dark yet hopeful coming of age story. The film centers around, Nathan, a young boy. It is the eve of his tenth birthday and Nathan wakes up in the middle of the night to the sounds of something stirring downstairs. While investigating, Nathan discovers a terrifying monster rummaging through his kitchen refrigerator. After scaring Nathan, the monster goes on to explain to him that he is there to do a job. He elaborates by telling him that he plans to take him out to enjoy his last night as a child. His childlike sense of wonder will begin to fade away after his birthday and this is his last chance to fully enjoy it. Nathan goes out with George (the monster) to embrace and explore the last true moments of his childhood.
THE CREW
THE CAST
Lino Del Core
Lino will be playing the role of George the monster.
Kyle Rankin
Kyle will be playing the role of Nathan
IF WE REACH OUR GOAL, WHAT WILL WE SPEND IT ON?
Camera Package Rental
Special Effects Make Up for George
Equipment and Lighting Rentals
Set Design and Wardrobe
Location Fees
Travel Expenses
Film Processing and Transfer
Festival Submissions
ANY HELP IS GREATLY APPRECIATED!
Every dollar that we raise will help us to enhance this film in every way. Please donate anything that you can, as little as one dollar can go a long way! Even if you cannot donate, please help by spreading the word as much as possible. If we do not reach our funding goal, we will not receive anything that we raised.
THANK YOU
Sincerely,
The production team of MONSTERS
Just about every cinematographer will tell you the same thing: their work wouldn't be half as good without the help of their most trusted gaffer. This can be attributed to the fact that lighting successfully for film and television is one of the most challenging aspects of production, and the larger the scale of a production becomes, the more intensive the lighting needs will be. John Higgins is one of the industry's leading gaffers, and he has worked to light some of Hollywood's biggest films alongside some of today's most accomplished DP's such as Emmanuel Lubezki and Roger Deakins. Higgins recently sat down with thecallsheet to discuss the lighting philosophies behind some of the biggest films that Hollywood has to offer:
For a little bit of background on John Higgins, his career as a gaffer has spanned over 30 years, and his impressive resume features 60+ feature films, including 15 with famed cinematographer, Roger Deakins. Two of his more recent films, Skyfall and Gravity, have been absolute technical masterpieces in terms of the scale and overall quality of the projects. In his recent interview with thecallsheet (an industry website for UK-based film professionals,) Higgins talked about some of his best work and the lighting philosophies behind these films.
One of the most difficult tasks that any DP or gaffer might face in the course of a production is how to incorporate various types of studio or practical lighting into large public spaces, such as stations or malls. On The Bourne Ultimatum, Higgins was tasked with figuring out how to incorporate light into London's famous Waterloo Station for this action-based scene:
Higgins' solutions for lighting the station during its peak hours are ingenious:
We considered many options of balloon lighting, 18 Kw. HMI rigs etc. So Oliver visited and revisited the station, took lots of photographs at various times of day within our shooting window and he decided that the quality of the light was such that we only required light for the coverage. We were not allowed trailing leads in any circumstances so the solution was to have shopping trolleys with batteries and invertors to run Kino-Flo Wall-O-Lights or small HMI units. These were held to the side and wheeled in as independent units as required. We also had floppy flags for negative fill. That was it at Waterloo.
Instead of trying to use vast amounts of artificial light for this complicated scene, Higgins and DP Oliver Wood were able to harness the natural light already available in the station, manipulate it with varying amounts of negative fill, and wheel in small banks of Kinos in order to light the coverage properly. Awesome stuff, and definitely something to keep in mind when faced with shooting in large public spaces.
Higgins was also the gaffer on Alfonso Cuaron's Children of Men, which was stunningly shot by Emmanuel "Chivo" Lubezki. Unlike The Bourne Ultimatum which features mind-meltingly frenetic editing, Children of Men features some of the most beautifully operated handheld long takes ever captured on film, which therefore called for a far more practical approach to lighting the sets.
Here are just a few examples of the incredible long takes in Children of Men:
Re-watching these clips makes me even more bitter that Chivo didn't take home the cinematography Oscar in 2006, but that's besides the point. Here's what Higgins had to say about the lighting philosophy behind Children of Men:
We realised early on that the best way to approach this film, especially the night exteriors, was to use practical lighting which appears in the film as the main lighting source. We modified existing practical lamps to accept higher wattages and again all were controlled from a computerised dimming desk. The day exteriors were, in the main, either large bounces (Ultra-Bounce 20 x 12) or negative fill.
Hearing someone who has been working in the industry for so long talk about the lighting philosophies behind some of the most excellent cinematography in recent memory is not only incredibly helpful for all aspiring DPs and gaffers, but it's also tremendously inspiring. Make sure you head on over to thecallsheet and read the rest of their interview with John Higgins to see how he's embraced computerized lighting into his workflows and many other topics.
What do you guys think? Have you incorporated any of these lighting philosophies into your own work? If not, how might you incorporate them into an upcoming project of yours? Let us know in the comments!
Link: Q&A with Gaffer, John Higgins -- thecallsheet
by David Bardallis, LewRockwell.com
Note: The following letter was found left behind at a local drinking establishment; the authors' identity is unknown. It is passed along without comment.
“That whenever any form of government becomes destructive of [life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness], it is the right of the people to alter or abolish itâ€¦” ~Â Declaration of Independence of the American Colonies, 1776
Dear Federal Government,
Drop dead.
Excuse us. Some may consider such bluntness to be indecorous, but why beat around the bush? In any case, we've been around this bush (Bush?) too many times to count already. It's time to let you know what we really think of you, what we say behind your back, what we whisper to each other when you leave the room.
We hate you. We want you to drop dead. Or, anyway, to go away and never come back. You are not welcome anymore. We have tolerated you â€“ and we emphasize “tolerated” â€“ for a long time, long after whatever romance there may have been been gone. We can pretend no more. You are disgraceful, boorish, nauseating, corrupt, shameful, arrogant, dishonest, self-serving, parasitic, disgusting, hypocritical, and rotten to the core. You have not even one redeeming quality. There is nothing you offer that we want any longer. We're not even sure what it is we ever saw in you to begin with.
We suppose you can be forgiven if this letter comes as a shock. “Why,” you say, “what do you mean? I still command great respect and inspire widespread adulation. And I still care about you. Isn't it obvious?”
It's true that, in public, we often nod our heads and agree with you, even defer or appear to defer to you. But we assure you that this happens not out of respect; rather, it arises merely from the fact that you have a lot of guns and a bad temper. Inside, we are seething and resentful. Inside, we imagine your demise in the most vivid and gratifying of ways. We may fear your irrational and violent behavior, but we manifestly do not respect or agree with you. We don't love you. We don't even like you. (See the part about hate, above.)
At any rate, our revulsion toward you has finally come to outweigh any fear we have of you. We refuse to keep our real feelings in for even one more second. We want you gone from our lives. And we mean completely. Vamoose. Go. Die.
Please understand we aren't here to argue. No special new subsidy, tax break, or privileged “loophole” is going to sway our opinion or make us change our minds about this. We've been there, done that, for too many decades to count now. Likewise, your threats are starting to make us yawn and even laugh. You see, we know all your tricks now. We can see through your lies because we've heard them all so many times before. We are fully aware of your true nature, and we see that that nature is radioactive evil, wrapped in a tattered blanket of ignorance, foolishness, and stupidity.
Look, we know it's only a matter of time anyway. Your dimwittedness, greed, fraudulence, and moral bankruptcy are finally starting to catch up to you. Even your former employees admit as much. Do you remember Paul Craig Roberts, one of your past Treasury officials? Today he says of your latest economy-wrecking and warmongering efforts:
“The world has never seen such total mindlessness. Napoleon's and Hitler's marches into Russia were rational acts compared to the mindless idiocy of the United States government.”
Mindless idiocy: We could not have said it better ourselves. Wait, yes, we could have, because we would have also mentioned your meanness and malevolence.
Our state governments are starting to feel the same way about you that we do. Many are openly refusing to obey your so-called “REAL ID” attempt at creating a national “your papers, please” regime of Hitlerian proportions. Some are even starting to make noises about the Tenth Amendment, which reiterates that you aren't allowed to just do anything you feel like doing. (We are not big fans of our state governments either, but at least they don't start wars, counterfeit our money, and prop up tyrannies across the globe.)
You see? Look in the mirror for once. The emperor not only hasn't got any clothes, he's a quadruple amputee demanding that everyone admire his muscular physique. We don't know whether to laugh at or feel pity for such a pathetic creature.
In conclusion and just so we're clear: We're done. Pack up and get out. Better yet, don't pack â€“ all that stuff belongs to us in the first place. Just get out. And when you finally, mercifully, do kick the bucket, please make sure it is in some place far away from us, where we won't have to smell the stench of your hideous, rotting corpse.
Signed,
Every Normal Human Being in America and the Rest of the World
David Bardallis [send him mail] hails from the Glorious Sovereign Republic of Michigan (motto: “Never forget we have all the water!”) and blogs at Suds & Soliloquies.
Copyright Â© 2009 LewRockwell.com
Small Business Owners Face Pressures Of Minimum Wage Bumps In Big Cities
Minimum wages are on their way to $15 an hour in New York and California. Workers look forward to the bump. But some small businesses are bracing for a hit to their bottom line.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
It's time now for our series Hanging On, where we take a look at the economic pressures of American life. This week, we're looking at the minimum wage because it's on its way up to $15 an hour in California and New York, which is an unprecedented wage bump at the state level. And it's going to have an effect both on workers and employers. NPR's Hansi Lo Wang has more.
HANSI LO WANG, BYLINE: Shopping these days is a little easier on Edica Reese's wallet. She works as a cashier at a McDonald's in New York City, where the minimum wage is on the rise.
EDICA REESE: It's helping. I guess I can get more essentials. Before, I couldn't get what I needed.
WANG: Sometimes she would have to ask neighbors for toilet paper when she ran out. But now she and other fast-food workers in the city are making at least 10.50 an hour. That's set to go up to $12 an hour at the end of the year.
(SOUNDBITE OF CASH REGISTER BEEPING)
WANG: And that means she can afford to keep up her own stock of toiletries.
Are you finished shopping?
REESE: Yes, I am.
WANG: But it's going to be a while before the minimum wage finally hits the planned $15 an hour. That's because the wage hikes in New York state and California are being phased in with small bumps every year. Reese says 15 an hour would make a big difference for her and her 3-year-old daughter.
REESE: I guess I could pay my bills on time instead of waiting for the next check to come and the next check. I live check to check still. I need to save a little bit more money, you know?
WANG: For a full-time worker, a year's salary at 15 an hour, before taxes, adds up to just over $31,000. And some employers say they're not sure how they're going to afford it, including Kurt Samuels. He owns Family's Pots and Grill, a Jamaican restaurant in Mount Vernon, N.Y., where, at 5:30 in the morning, he starts making...
KURT SAMUELS: Brown stew chicken, curry goat, oxtail, and soon I'll have some jerk chicken ready.
WANG: This is all for the lunch rush?
SAMUELS: For the lunch rush.
WANG: Samuels has one part-time employee who helps take orders. She's currently making the minimum wage, and he says when it goes up...
SAMUELS: It's going to be hard, you know? Maybe her hours most likely going to be cut, you know, 'cause the end of the day, got to pay the rent, pay the bills, the gas, light, insurance.
WANG: He recently raised prices, but he's worried about losing customers if he does it again.
(SOUNDBITE OF POTS CLANGING)
WANG: A few blocks away, Miesha Stokley is trying to figure out how to keep staffing her cupcake shop. She has one minimum-wage worker who helps with baking.
MIESHA STOKLEY: She's definitely worth minimum wage, so I can't argue with that. I just have to, you know, work harder so we can make more money and I'll be able to pay. But I don't argue with it because it's expensive to live in New York.
WANG: For now, Stokley's putting more hours in herself at Cupcake Cutie Boutique.
STOKLEY: I work nights as a nurse. So I'm here in the morning and the afternoon, and then I go to work at night.
WANG: So when do you sleep?
STOKLEY: I barely sleep (laughter).
WANG: It's part of the pressure many other small-business owners are facing in cities, including Seattle and Washington, D.C., where the minimum wage is also rising to $15 an hour. But lawmakers and economists are paying extra attention to the wage bumps in New York state and California.
LINDA BARRINGTON: For most economists, this is untrodden territory.
WANG: Linda Barrington heads Cornell University's Institute for Compensation Studies. She says it's hard to predict how raising the minimum wage at the state level will impact New York and California's economies. That's because past studies have not looked at increases this big and that affect this many people. Besides workers and employers, though, she says we should keep an eye on how these wage hikes will affect prices.
BARRINGTON: The more that businesses can pass it along to consumers, the less it's going to negatively affect employment.
WANG: Those consumers, of course, include minimum-wage workers. That's partly why some critics of minimum-wage hikes say increases are not effective tools for reducing income inequality. Still, Barrington adds, any increase will touch not only fast-food chains and other large-scale industries but also those on the smaller scale, like families hiring a home health care worker.
For Edica Reese's family, though, it's a change that can't come soon enough. She lives in a public housing development in Harlem, where she pays $300 a month for a small studio apartment she shares with her daughter, Kayleene.
REESE: And you like the fight for 15, right?
KAYLEENE: Uh-huh.
WANG: Kayleene went to rallies with her mother, where she and other fast-food workers protested for minimum wage increases.
REESE: What do you say?
KAYLEENE: What do you want? Fifteen. When do you want it? Now. We don't get it, shut it down.
REESE: Yay.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN: Yay.
WANG: Workers in Arizona, Colorado, Maine and Washington are also calling to raise their state's minimum wages, though to a few dollars shy of 15. Those hikes will be on the ballot on November 8.
Hansi Lo Wang, NPR News, New York.
Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
By Adam Taylor
In the previous instalment of the MicroZed Chronicles, we looked at the traditional method for updating and modifying PicoBlaze programs using the JTAG loader. The Zynq SoC's PS (Processing System) provides additional capabilities that allow us to create a more flexible PicoBlaze program-loading system for a little more work. We can use the Zynq PS to access the BRAM memory on the Zynq SoC's PL (Programmable Logic) where the PicoBlaze program resides. We will do this using the AXI BRAM controller. We explored the BRAM controller previously in the MicroZed Chronicles' NeoPixel example.
This approach does require a little more manipulation because we cannot use the memory VHDL file generated by the PicoBlaze assembler. However, we'll be using standard IP modules so it's not significantly more difficult. Instead, we first create a dual-port RAM and initialize it with the contents of the hex file generated by the PicoBlaze assembler so that there will be an executable program in the PicoBlaze processor's memory following power up.
The program we place in the dual-port RAM works no differently than the VHDL file generated by the assembler. However that program ran from a single-port memory. The addition of the second RAM port allows the ARM Cortex-A9 MPCore processors in the Zynq PS to access the shared, dual-port memory and overwrite the contents of that memory if required during development. This technique makes it easy to change the PicoBlaze processor's executable program as required.
One example where it's advantageous to be able to reprogram the PicoBlaze processor in the system is for generating waveforms to drive a CCD (Charge Coupled Device) for imaging. The deterministic nature of the PicoBlaze processor is well suited to generating these waveforms. However, CCD imaging devices can often require modified waveform timings during run time to achieve optimal imaging performance. Therefore the ability to modify these waveforms on the fly is very important and using a software-driven approach is extremely convenient.
We add a dual-port memory to our PicoBlaze processor by right-clicking on the PicoBlaze component within the block diagram and selecting “edit in IP packager.” This will open the IP packager and allows us to modify the component we previously created. The first thing to do is to remove the memory file VHDL from the project and create a new dual-port memory using the IP Catalog to add a new block memory generator.
The settings for ports A and B of the dual-port memory are very simple. Port A will be interfaced to the AXI BRAM controller and port B to the PicoBlaze. Configure the RAM as below:
Interface type native
True Dual Port RAM
Port A Options Write Width 32 Read Width 32 Use 32 bit addressing – as required by the AXI BRAM Controller Operating mode Write First Enable Port Type Use ENA Pin
Port B Options Write Width 18 Read Width 18 Use 32 bit addressing Operating mode Read First Enable Port Type Use ENA Pin Ensue the Primitives Output Register is not Enabled
We wish to use an INIT file to preconfigure the BRAM contents so we need a Xilinx COE file, which we'll specify using the “Other Options” tab. We can use the HEX file generated by the PicoBlaze assembler. You simply need to add the following line to the top of the file:
memory_initialization_radix=16;
memory_initialization_vector=
You can then add the file to initialize the PicoBlaze processor's memory contents, which will be executed by the PicoBlaze at power up.
We are using 32-bit addressing so we need to ensure that memory accesses form the PicoBlaze to the block RAM are correctly aligned. Thus we need to ensure the first two LSBs of the 32-bit memory address are not used, which will automatically ensure word alignment.
Now we can connect the dual-port RAM within the top of our PicoBlaze component and re-package the IP, enabling us to update the PicoBlaze instance within the block diagram. (Use Tools -> Report -> Report IP Status if it does not update automatically.) With the IP now up to date, we can add in the AXI BRAM controller and connect it to the Zynq SoC's processor AXI bus. Doing so will allow the ARM Cortex-A9 MPCore processors in the Zynq PS to read and write the dual-port memory that's connected to the PicoBlaze processor and from which the PicoBlaze processor executes its program.
This implementation allows us to change the PicoBlaze program as required by the application. You can consider this technique as a kind of partial reconfiguration for the PicoBlaze processor. Loading new programs into the dual-port RAM changes the function performed by the PicoBlaze processor in the system on the fly, if required, to perform different operations or for debug / experimentation. We can also update more than one PicoBlaze processor in a Zynq system using this approach.
The next blog in this series will continue to look at this technique. We will be controlling and updating two PicoBlaze processors within the PL side of the Zynq device as shown below:
Please see the previous entries in this MicroZed series by Adam Taylor:
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 57: The Zynq and the PicoBlaze Part Two
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 56: The Zynq and the PicoBlaze
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 55: Linux on the Zynq SoC
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 54: Peta Linux SDK for the Zynq SoC
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 53: Linux and SMP
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 52: One year and 151,000 views later. Big, Big Bonus PDF!
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 51: Interrupts and AMP
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 50: AMP and the Zynq SoC's OCM (On-Chip Memory)
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 49: Using the Zynq SoC's On-Chip Memory for AMP Communications
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 48: Bare-Metal AMP (Asymmetric Multiprocessing)
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 47: AMP—Asymmetric Multiprocessing on the Zynq SoC
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 46: Using both of the Zynq SoC's ARM Cortex-A9 Cores
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 44: MicroZed Operating Systems—FreeRTOS
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 43: XADC Alarms and Interrupts
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 42: MicroZed Operating Systems Part 4
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 41: MicroZed Operating Systems Part 3
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 40: MicroZed Operating Systems Part Two
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 39: MicroZed Operating Systems Part One
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 38 – Answering a question on Interrupts
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 37: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with MicroZed Part 8
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 36: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with MicroZed Part 7
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 35: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with MicroZed Part 6
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 34: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with MicroZed Part 5
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 33: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with the Zynq SoC
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 32: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 31: Systems of Modules, Driving RGB NeoPixel LED arrays
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 30: The MicroZed I/O Carrier Card
Zynq DMA Part Two – Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 29
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Eight: Zynq DMA – Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 28
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Seven: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 27
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Six: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 26
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Five: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 25
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Four: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 24
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Three: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 23
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Two: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 22
The Zynq PS/PL, Part One: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 21
Introduction to the Zynq Triple Timer Counterpart Four: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 20
Introduction to the Zynq Triple Timer Counterpart Three: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 19
Introduction to the Zynq Triple Timer Counterpart Two: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 18
Introduction to the Zynq Triple Timer Counterpart One: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 17
The Zynq SoC's Private Watchdog: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 16
Implementing the Zynq SoC's Private Timer: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 15
MicroZed Timers, Clocks and Watchdogs: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 14
More About MicroZed Interrupts: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 13
MicroZed Interrupts: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 12
Using the MicroZed Button for Input: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 11
Driving the Zynq SoC's GPIO: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 10
Meet the Zynq MIO: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 9
MicroZed XADC Software: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 8
Getting the XADC Running on the MicroZed: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 7
A Boot Loader for MicroZed. Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles, Part 6
Figuring out the MicroZed Boot Loader – Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles, Part 5
Running your programs on the MicroZed – Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles, Part 4
Zynq and MicroZed say “Hello World”-- Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles, Part 3
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles: Setting the SW Scene
Bringing up the Avnet MicroZed with Vivado
Report: Terror Memos Didn't Violate Legal Ethics
From The Report Read the cover letter sent to the House Judiciary Committee by the Justice Department's Office of Professional Responsibility: Read The Cover Letter (PDF)
Bush administration lawyers did not violate legal ethics rules when they wrote memos authorizing harsh interrogations for terrorism detainees, the Justice Department said Friday, releasing the long-awaited results of its investigation into the memos.
The report focuses on three men who worked at Justice under President Bush: John Yoo, Jay Bybee and Steven Bradbury. All three worked in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, crafting the standards for interrogating high-value terrorism detainees.
According to the cover letter accompanying the report, the investigation originally found professional misconduct by Yoo and Bybee. But the career official in charge of overseeing the office of professional responsibility overruled that finding.
Now the report says the men "exercised poor judgment." That means the men will not face disbarment or criminal punishment.
The final report is hundreds of pages long and includes extensive e-mails between the Justice Department, the White House and the CIA.
As one congressional staffer said, "If the torture memos were the movie, this report is the making of."
Closing borders will not effectively curb Ebola infections, the head of the Red Cross said on Wednesday, amid debate over whether bans on travel from hardest-hit African countries would help combat the spread of the deadly virus.
This year's outbreak of the highly infectious hemorrhagic fever thought to have originated in forest bats is the worst on record, having killed more than 4,500 people, mostly in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
Travellers from the region have infected two people in the U.S. state of Texas and one in Madrid, prompting some leaders, including some U.S. lawmakers, to urge a ban on travel from West Africa.
Elhadj As Sy, Secretary General of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC), said such restrictions would not make sense.
"It (Ebola) creates a lot of fear and extreme panic that sometimes lead to very irrational type of behaviours and measures, like closing borders, cancelling flights, isolating countries etc.," Sy told reporters in Beijing, where the IFRC, the world's largest humanitarian network, was holding a conference.
"Those are not solutions. The only solution is how can we join our efforts to contain those kinds of viruses and epidemics at their epicentre, right where they start."
Sy said he believed it was possible to contain the disease in four to six months if proper practices were implemented, but that additional investment in the West Africa's health infrastructure would be needed to prevent future outbreaks.
Sy joins world leaders, including World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, in voicing opposition against such travel restrictions.
The World Health Organization (WHO), which so far has not recommended blanket travel or trade restrictions on the West African countries, has warned of 5,000-10,000 new cases of Ebola globally every week by December.
It has said the outbreak constitutes an international public health emergency and has urged the screening of passengers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
Economic consequences
Health experts warn that excessive constraints on air travel could have severe economic consequences that could destabilize the region and possibly disrupt essential health and humanitarian services.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security ratcheted up safeguards against Ebola on Tuesday, requiring travellers from the three African countries to fly into one of five major airports conducting enhanced screening for the virus.
The White House has said President Barack Obama remains open to a travel ban if public health experts advise it, but Obama has said if a ban was implemented some travellers might attempt to enter the United States by avoiding screening measures, which could lead to more Ebola cases, not fewer.
The claim of Joel Kotkin and Wendell Cox that census figures show growth primarily in "the suburbs" is little more than a truism. Growth simply occurs where there is room to grow on a clean slate, whether that growth is in high-density or low-density form. Click to expand...
These are all fair criticisms. (Far more insightful and meaningful than the criticism that emanates from the architecture academies: "Ohmygod! Ionic columns and front porches! Ahhhh! Evil historicist pastiche!)But some uncomfortable questions have to be directed the other way too: The common meme is that all/most NU work takes places on greenfields, but as Duany exasperatingly argues, half their work has been urban infill. This stuff gets little attention because it's often contextual and quiet. But as for the greenfield "new towns:" could it be that a lot of NU work (andsuburban/exurban construction per se) takes places on greenfields because the planning/procedural rigamarole in built-up areas is just too much to handle?Existing suburban areas are understandably designed for stasis: people move here because theywant to see densification. Little NU infill can occur here - NIMBYism will block it, and it's arguably not all that unreasonable. As forinfill, well that's even harder. A builder has to juggle redevelopment under the impossible burdens of absurd taxation schemes (which is why TIF and PILOTs are increasingly used as desperate workarounds), racial politics and minority contracting rules, minimum parking mandates and egress codes (good look working with narrow, small urban lots if most of the space has to be dedicated to parking and circulation; this is why these lots are combined into "superblocks" to lure in giant national developers, thus squeezing out the small-time guys), historic preservation scriptures, and aarray of other bureaucratic obstacles. And NIMBYism is still in force. Every urban infill project thatoccurred has been a small miracle!In the US at least, I think this thoughtful post is dead on: we see mostly greenfield development becauseAs for the lack of transit, well the NU guys can't work miracles! Building and running a new transit line is a nearly impossible task in the US anymore - these are no longer the days when private streetcar companies could freely build speculative lines to their new suburbs! The aforementioned racial and class politics are still in force, plus there are funding issues (who's going to pay to run the transit?) and crime concerns. At this stage, simply enabling/allowing/legalizing hack cabs, dollar vans, and Chinatown buses to service NU "new towns" may be the best way forward for improving their transit access.Finally, about the "bad" higher-income residents in the typical NU new town: New construction is almost always pricier than old construction. And like all housing developments, "new town" houses are bought and sold on a free market (or as "free" as the US housing market currently is with all the FHA/HUD distortions out there). Maybe supply is short and demand is high? If this is the case, wealthier people will naturally out-price poorer people who want to live in the same developments and - presto! - you'll have a development dominated by a single class of people! This isn't all that strange: the same problem afflicts prewar urban neighborhoods like Greenwich Village, Beacon Hill, or Georgetown.All in all, I think the whole NU thing has been a big plus, even if it's been somewhat transitional and incomplete. At least it's not peddling in utopian 1950s/1960s visions where people with no housing choice are forced into isolated superblocks. (BTW, I think NU's most encouraging success has been in the redevelopment of old housing projects under the federal 'HOPE' program: so far their traditional low-income/mixed-income rowhouse developments have held up fine for a couple decades now, whereas the stuff that preceded them often failed in the same period of time (or less). If people have a sense of ownership and control over their physical settings (their own rowhouse and yard), if there is a connection to "eyes on the street" street frontage, and if the development is properly cared for under a "Broken Windows" strategy, then it seems to age much better than the old anomalous, placeless, ownerless tower blocks that fell apart so quickly.)
Kentucky Governor Can't Cut Universities' Budgets, Court Rules
Enlarge this image toggle caption Darron Cummings/AP Darron Cummings/AP
Ruling on a lawsuit filed by a state's Democratic attorney general against its Republican governor, the Kentucky Supreme Court says Gov. Matt Bevin doesn't have the authority to unilaterally slice money out of a state university's budget.
From member station WUKY in Lexington:
"The 5-2 ruling by the state Supreme Court reverses a lower court ruling that said Gov. Matt Bevin had the authority to order public colleges and universities not to spend all of the money the state legislature gave them. Democratic Attorney General Andy Beshear appealed, arguing Bevin's order was illegal. A majority of the court agreed on Thursday, saying Bevin does not have that authority."
The case is one of three lawsuits the attorney general has filed against the governor since Bevin was sworn in last December, WUKY adds.
In the interest of disclosure, we'll note that WUKY is owned by the University of Kentucky — one of the schools affected by the case.
Weeks after Bevin took office, he called for 4.5 percent cuts across much of Kentucky's budget — and when the politically divided state legislature didn't embrace those mid-year cuts, Bevin issued an order imposing them on the university and community college system at the end of March.
In the majority's 50-page opinion that both affirms the attorney general's right to sue the governor and reverses the governor's budget decree, the Kentucky Supreme Court wrote, "the Governor cannot order the boards of the Universities not to spend funds appropriated to them."
One of the two dissenting votes came from Justice Daniel J. Venters, who cited legal scholarship dating back to the origins of the attorney general's office in the colonial era to say that the office has never had the power "to sue the executive to enjoin executive actions."
Another point made by the dissenting justices was that in the weeks after Bevin's original order, he had reached a compromise deal on the budget cuts with some of the universities' leaders.
For nine universities (see full list below), the high court's decision removes a cloud of doubt over millions of dollars. WUKY quotes Eric Monday, who leads the University of Kentucky's finance division, saying "The funds that will be returned to the University of Kentucky, about $5.6 million, will be included in our focus on student success initiatives, particularly in the areas of retention and graduation rates."
The journey was long and full of baby steps, but we've finally reached the destination: Google updated its terms of service on Friday to allow the company to slap your real name and face alongside ads, under an expansion of its "shared endorsements" program.
Getting here took a while, and it took a slow expansion of the Google+ social service.
First, Google+ users had to sign up for the service with their real names, rather than pseudonyms. Next, all new Google Accounts--even if you only wanted Gmail--required you to sign up for Google+. Then, back in May, Google began coaxing veteran YouTubers into adopting Google+ accounts, and a few weeks ago, the company announced that all YouTube comments will be powered exclusively by Google+.
Google+ integration throughout Google's services seemed pretty handy at first. When searching the Play Store, the power of "shared endorsements" showed you when your friends like a given app (not unlike what iOS and OS X users see when looking for game recommendations in Apple's Game Center app). When searching the web, Google+ identified when your buddies +1'd a given site. Now, Google's bringing your real name, face, reviews, and comments to Search ads across the web.
But while Facebook forces all users to participate in "sponsored stories," Google gives you the opportunity to opt out of its ad program. Minors will be automatically excluded, but you'll have to manually tell Google to leave your name out of its ads if you're over 18. Fortunately, it's easy to do so.
How to tell Google to stop using your face and name in ads
To stop Google from using details from your Google+ profile in its advertising campaign, you'll need to head to the Shared Endorsements page on Google+.
The Shared Endorsements page spells out the details of the program. If you scroll down below all the words and pictures, you'll see a single settings option on the page: "Based upon my activity, Google may show my name and profile photo in shared endorsements that appear in ads." Simply uncheck the box and click Save and you won't have to worry about your face and name appearing in Google's ads.
Opting out of the ad campaign doesn't opt you out of all Shared Endorsements, however; your persona will still appear alongside websites you +1 and apps you like while your friends are scouring the web or Google Play.
And while you're busy tweaking settings anyway, consider tweaking your privacy settings on Facebook now that anyone can find you--because you never know when someone important is looking over your digital shoulder.
‘‘THE Honey Badger'' is heading home in a huge boost for the Wallabies' 2015 Rugby World Cup chances, with a deal all but finalised for him to return to the Western Force.
Final negotiations with his supportive Japanese club Coca-Cola West Red Sparks will likely deliver winger Nick Cummins this week as the ideal Christmas present for Australian rugby union.
To borrow the lingo of the wild-haired cult figure, he will once again be “going off like a bag of cats” in his pursuit of “meat pies” as a high-energy finisher.
Cummins has devoted five months to rugby in Japan since organising a release from his Force contract for compassionate reasons.
He has consistently talked up his desire to somehow find a way back to Australia in time for the World Cup and appears to have pulled it off.
Nick Cummins with his father Mark. Source: Supplied
He reminded everyone in Australian rugby of his talent when starring for the star-studded Barbarians in a 40-36 loss against the Wallabies at Twickenham early last month.
He dived over for one of the tries of the match and tormented the Wallabies' defence with another bulldozing run, both efforts showing how much his game and timing have matured.
Cummins' rich contract in Japan was all aimed at better providing for his family, with his father Mark and two of his younger siblings dealing with significant health issues.
Cummins, 27, has played 15 Tests and returning to the selection mix will be a real positive for new Wallabies coach Michael Cheika.
Wing was a real weakness for the Wallabies at times this year.
Now, World Cup year will dawn with Cummins, new Queensland Reds recruit James O'Connor, Joe Tomane, Henry Speight, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Rob Horne, fit-again Chris Feauai-Sautia and Peter Betham as a beefed-up range of options.
Nick Cummins is set to return for the Wallabies ahead of the World Cup. Source: News Corp Australia
Cheika indicated in London on tour that Cummins would be in the picture if he could organise a way back into Super Rugby.
“He's showing he wants to play for Australia if he comes back and plays,” Cheika said.
“He's obviously a class player — if he ends up playing back in Australia he'll be considered no doubt.”
Cummins' ability to run hard, compete hard and tackle hard with his special kind of fizz lifts every side he plays for.
That the Force have seemingly been able to engineer his return for a full season is a coup, both in a crowd-pulling sense and for the strong metres he always generates.
Former Wallabies coach Eddie Jones, now coaching Japan, quipped that Cummins might even return with a samurai-style chonmage hairstyle.
Definition Edit
The National Communications System's Standard Operating Procedure 303 (SOP 303) (Emergency Wireless Protocols) describes a shutdown and restoration process for use by commercial and private wireless networks in the event of a national crisis.
Overview Edit
This process was developed under President George Bush Jr's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee, in coordination with representatives from the Federal Communications Commission, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the New York Department of Homeland Security and other government representatives, as well as private sector stakeholders.
Under SOP 303, the National Coordinating Center (NCC) is the focal point for coordinating actions leading up to and following the termination of wireless connections. A designated federal, state, or local law enforcement official or member of government will submit a request to the NCC, which will ask a series of questions of the requesting official to determine whether the shutdown is necessary. The NCC will then notify carriers in the affected area and coordinate the reestablishment of service as soon as possible once the shutdown is no longer required.
David Cameron has urged the Royal Bank of Scotland to show restraint in its bonus packages for senior colleagues of chief executive Stephen Hester, echoing an earlier call by the business secretary, Vince Cable.
Cable became the first cabinet minister to urge other bankers to show the same restraint as Hester, who bowed to pressure from the Labour party and public opinion by waiving his £1m bonus.
Downing Street repeatedly said on Monday it would not tell the board of RBS to rein in bonuses, saying it was vital the existing management team at the government-owned bank remained in place and it was not the job of the government to micromanage the company.
Cameron's spokeswoman praised the RBS board for reducing the balance sheet and making order out of the complete mess it had inherited, but claimed that the previous Labour government had left the coalition with contractual obligations allowing the board to pay bonuses linked to performance.
But , at an EU summit in Brussels, Cameron said: "They have got to have proper regard in terms of restraint when they have had so much money from the taxpayer and they have made so many mistakes in the past." He added at a press conference: "They need to do a better job – as everybody has – about explaining how pay is linked to performance."
Cable had earlier suggested other bankers should follow Hester's example. "I think it's a good step to dealing with the bonus culture more generally. I'm not dictating … but I think he has set a good example. I think that more generally in the banking sector we have got to see more of a sense of perspective."
His remarks suggest that, as the bonus season approaches, some coalition cabinet members are likely to criticise the packages of individual bankers, fearing that the government's claims to be cracking down on crony capitalism will look hollow if they do not.
Among the next public targets will be Bob Diamond, the chief executive of Barclays, who is in line to receive up to £10m, and John Hourican, head of RBS's troubled investment banking division, who has just announced 3,500 job losses. He is due to receive a £4.3m windfall in April.
The prime minister had privately suggested that Hester should take a bonus below the headline sensitive £1m figure, but did not feel it was right to press for a bigger cut.
There was some frustration in Liberal Democrat circles that the Treasury and UK Financial Investments, which manages the government's shareholding in RBS, told them they had no option but to let Hester receive the payout. Some Lib Dems were told Hester might walk away from the job if too much pressure was applied and this could lead him to suing the government, ending up with the episode becoming even more expensive.
Hester's aides said he decided to forgo his bonus at the weekend rather than become singled out for criticism in a Labour-led Commons debate set for next Tuesday.
Ed Miliband said he intended to step up the pressure for change in UK boardrooms: "This cannot be a one-off episode. There has to be a change in the culture. We have got to learn the deeper lessons. We have got to have responsibility in the boardroom and that is why I say tax the boardroom bonuses and give ordinary workers a say in their boardroom on pay."
The Labour leader moved to capitalise on the episode by announcing he would table a Commons motion calling on the government to tax bonuses until bankers start to show restraint. He is urging Conservatives and Lib Dems to back a £2bn banker tax, which Labour says could fund the creation of 100,000 jobs elsewhere.
A senior party source said: "This debate is about more than Stephen Hester. It is time for the Conservatives and Lib Dems to show they are serious about tackling the bonus culture by supporting our plan to repeat the bank bonus tax."
Miliband accused Cameron of having a tin ear for public opinion. The Labour leader's aides will be delighted at his strong lead on the issue, a reminder of his tough stance over the need for an inquiry into News International.His strategy suggests Labour will, at least in the short term, focus on systemic reform rather than target the bonuses of individual bankers or the specific remuneration of the rest of the RBS board.
Labour officials said they had not yet seen the details of other bonuses to be announced in the near future.
Miliband was praised for his lead by the former City minister Lord Myners, who nevertheless warned Labour not to seek scalps or put itself in a position where it appears hostile to business.
He told Miliband not to allow his campaign to tip over into anti-business sentiment or scalp-hunting.Some senior Labour figures believe popular opinion cannot be assuaged on the issue of bankers bonuses and it may prove necessary for Labour to set out clear principles.
The shadow business secretary, Chuka Umunna, described RBS investment managers as public sector workers and said his party would take a close look at what other RBS star bankers such as Hourican received.
Myners said: "At some point, somebody has got to say 'look this has just gone too far'. This is unacceptable. Royal Bank of Scotland is different from other banks because it's publicly owned. It may be a private company but it's 82% owned by the taxpayer. And this problem will keep coming around year after year until the government has ceased to have a controlling interest.
"The board of directors can quite simply say 'we can no longer justify these very high rewards for bankers'. It's not as profitable as it used to be, we're slimming the bank down, and therefore we have to be much more realistic in terms of what we pay. I think that should apply across the whole banking sector."
It has become a Don Quixote like quest for certain economists to romanticize the higher tax rates on the wealthy. No less than Nobel Prize winners Paul Krugman has written that:
The best estimates suggest that circa 1960 the top 0.01 percent of American paid an effective federal tax rate of more than 70 percent, twice what they pay today.
The assertion that the top tax rate paid an effective tax rate of more than 70% seems more than bit odd owing solely to the fact that the top nominal rate was 91% from 1960-1963 and then 70-77% the rest of the decade. In other words, Nobel Prize winning economist Paul Krugman is claiming that the average top tax payer was paying an effective tax rate that in some years was higher than the nominal rate.
The average effective tax rate of an average tax payer in the top 1% is presented below.
The data itself tells an entirely different story from the idealized 91% tax rate. According to Internal Revenue Service data, presented below on a graph, from 1966 to 1970 the effective tax rate of an average tax payer in the top 1% was 30.85%. Throughout the time period in question, the effective tax rate of the average top 1% never exceeded 35%.
Discuss.
Addendum: This figure is calculated from Internal Revenue Service Personal User Files. The Effective Tax Rate is the total federal income tax paid by a tax payer in the top 1% over the adjusted gross income (AGI).
If you want to know what some people think about transgender people, consider their comments about the bathroom. Right, the bathroom -- bathroom use to be specific. Here are a couple of examples:
From former Arkansas Governor, former Fox News talk show host and soon-to-be-former Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee:
For those who do not think that we are under threat, simply recognize the fact that we are now in city after city watching ordinances that say that your 7-year-old daughter -- if she goes into the restroom -- cannot be offended and you can't be offended if she's greeted there by a 42-year-old man who feels more like a woman than he does a man.
Huckabee, a Southern Baptist minister (at least I think he's still a minister) also confided the following: "I wish that someone told me that when I was in high school that I could have felt like a woman when it came time to take showers in PE. I'm pretty sure that I would have found my feminine side and said, 'Coach, I think I'd rather shower with the girls today.'"
How about Bill O'Reilly? What does he have to say on this topic? Not surprisingly, quite a lot, although at times he makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. For example, he has compared allowing transgender children to use the school bathroom or locker room that corresponds to their gender identity to an adult bringing "12 to 15-year-old boys to Hooters." Say what? Confused? I don't blame you. Further investigation into his remarks will only deepen your confusion. Check out this link if you enjoy being confused.
Huckabee's and O'Reilly's views on transgender people reflect widespread concern, particularly on the Religious Right, about transgender women creating mayhem by using women's restrooms and locker rooms. Is there any basis for this concern? Consider the following: For years a number of states and municipalities have had laws on the books that prohibit discrimination against transgender people in the use of public accommodations. There are also laws in a number of states protecting transgender students from discrimination in their use of public accommodations. In addition, a number of school districts throughout the country have instituted non-discrimination policies protecting transgender students and allowing them to use the bathroom that corresponds to their gender identity. In all of the years since these laws and policies have been in effect allowing transgender adults and children to use the restrooms that correspond to their gender identity there has not been a single confirmed case of a transgender person harassing, abusing or assaulting anybody.
Nevertheless, legislators in Arizona, Florida, Missouri, Texas and Utah have proposed legislation that would prohibit transgender people from using the bathroom that corresponds to their gender identity. The Kentucky senate passed a bill that would nullify a local high school's transgender nondiscrimination policy, and in California there have been ballot initiatives that would enforce similar bans. Penalties for violating the proposed laws would include fines and imprisonment. A bill that was defeated in Kentucky would have allowed students who think they have identified a transgender student violating the state's law while at school to collect $2,500 and attorney's fees for each alleged violation by suing the school for liability.
In California, a current ballot initiative would allow bathroom whistleblowers to collect "up to a maximum of three times the amount of actual damage but in no case less than $4,000, and attorney's fees" -- said damage having resulted from the whistleblower's privacy having been violated. The violation of privacy would supposedly have resulted from the bathroom whistleblower seeing a person they believed was transgender using what they, the whistleblower, think is the "wrong" bathroom.
What exactly is going on here? Let's go back to Huckabee's and O'Reilly's remarks, because they reflect the beliefs and attitudes that animate members of the anti-transgender bathroom brigade. Huckabee refers to "a 42-year-old man who feels more like a woman than he does a man." In O'Reilly's Hooters segment, he says, "Here comes a guy who thinks he's a girl, into the locker room." Clearly these guys do not believe that transgender people exist. They think that transgender women are men in dresses and that transgender men are women in male drag. And that's exactly what the anti-trans legislators and other members of the bathroom police force think as well. They do not understand gender identity, which is how human beings experience and communicate gender. To make matters worse, they confuse gender identity with sexuality. They believe that there is something sexually perverse about being transgender. They therefore see transgender people as a threat and engage in fact-free fear mongering of the very worst kind. They particularly demonize transgender women, accusing them of being sexual predators that present a danger to women and children alike.
I find myself wondering. Do any of these people know a single transgender person? Have they ever met one? I would not be surprised to find that the overwhelming majority of them have not. That is why it is so important for transgender people to become increasingly visible. It's clear that attitudes toward same-sex marriage changed dramatically over a relatively short time because so many gay people had come out. If your daughter, son, sister, brother, friend, neighbor or colleague at work is gay, it is difficult to look that person in the eye and say, you don't have the right to marry the person you love. It is difficult to objectify and demonize another human being and to deny that human being fundamental rights when you have a personal relationship with them. I believe that we will see a similar change in attitudes towards transgender people as more and more people get to know transgender people both in the culture and personally. That's why Caitlyn Jenner, and Orange Is the New Black and Transparent are important. They introduce transgender people to the country. That's also why ongoing advocacy is essential. People need to be educated about gender identity and what it means to be transgender. Cisgender people who view transgender people as "the other" need to understand that transgender people have a lot more in common with them than they think, sharing many of the same goals and aspirations.
It's hard in the midst of fighting for civil rights, in fighting for equality, to measure progress. But it is clear that we are making progress, however slow and painful it may be. I agree with Mara Keisling, Executive Director of the National Center for Transgender Equality. In a piece titled, "Anti-Trans Bills: It Means We're Winning," she says that bathroom bills represent a bigoted backlash against the real progress that we are making as reflected in the increasing number of state and municipal laws as well as school policies protecting transgender people against discrimination. We do indeed have allies in legislatures, in school districts and increasingly in the media. As Mara says, "it is important to be vigilant. . . . let's fight back, call in our allies, and educate our neighbors. Let's use these ludicrous [bathroom] bills as an opportunity to tell our stories. And make no mistake . . . We are winning."
Yes, we are. Despite the ignorance and fear mongering, despite the bigotry and hate, we are winning. If we persevere, if we continue to fight for our rights, we will succeed at achieving equality. If we continue to fight, we will one day surely overcome.
It is the very end of 2015. The Russian flag is proudly flying over the White House. Triumphant music blasts, music that is known for preceding the most important announcements by both the Soviet and modern-day Russian leaders. Then the viewer sees the Oval Office, oddly transformed. On the left-hand wall there is a famous painting, “Morning in the Pine-tree Forest” by the great Russian painter Ivan Shishkin. The opposite wall exhibits another masterpiece – this time by Ivan Aivazovsky. Gone are the portraits of American Presidents and the carpet with the proud American eagle.
Vladimir Putin is sitting at the President`s desk, two Russian flags behind him. On the background one can see the photographs dear to the heart of the new occupant of the Oval Office – his beloved dog Connie, Crimea's landscape, domes of the Russian church and the like. Putin is delivering the New Year message to the ‘dear friends' in the entire world.
“2015 was a hard year, but very important for Russia,” Mr. Putin says, “and now it is time to think again about how the ‘Poplar' [referring to the ‘Topol-M' ballistic missile] flew, how the ruble raised, how we value so much our new citizens [former Americans] and how we love them. We all believe that New Year's Eve will bring us a miracle, and – as we know from the past year – they happen … We rely on ourselves first and on those who want to join us – in Europe and Asia, Africa and Australia,” he goes on. “Let's change the world around us, make the world a little bit better – let's replace soda with Russian kvass, fast-foods with tasty and healthy blintzes.”
The Kremlin Chimes are striking midnight. The Russian flag again is flying over the White House. New Year of 2016 is here with us.
This is the futuristic story of a 2-minute video, uploaded to YouTube on December 29 by the channel Putininfo. In its first 3 days, it had more than 600,000 views.
This cocky video represents a new warfare that has been waged by the hundreds of thousands of Putin Youths (only one of the organizations – Nashi (name stands for ‘Our Own') – claims to have more than 100,000 members). They are educated, talented and fiercely nationalistic. And they hate their enemies from outside and within with all their hearts. The message of this video is directed not only to the Russians, but to the entire world because this ‘Putin's speech' is captioned in English. And the message is – in 2015 Russia is going to win.
They print Putin T-shirts and calendars, stage public performances, demonstrations, and happenings, and do not shy away from any form of public provocation. One of these provocations happened on December 26, when on the streets of Moscow passers-by were given free condoms with the portraits of the leaders of the anti-Putin opposition, reported Russian TV channel Vesti.
There were Santa-hat portraits of Alexey Navalny, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Andrei Makarevich, Boris Nemtsov and others who were blamed by the promoters of the action for spreading doomsday rumors on the fall of the Russian ruble. The organizers of the action said that thousands of the condoms were snapped up by Muscovites in just two hours, despite the heavy snowstorm falling in the Russian capital all day long. Some people were taking the condoms as free souvenirs,not paying attention whose portraits were on the package, others chose the condoms featuring pictures of their ‘favorites'.
“This is our socio-political protest against people who in the difficult time for our country spread the panic in the market and played against the fall of the ruble,” explained its promoter Ekaterina. “We chose such an ‘explosive' form of agitation because our targeted audience is the young people.”
The idea of associating anti-Putin opposition with the ‘condoms' started with Vladimir Putin himself. Three years ago, when asked about the ‘White Ribbon'—a symbol of the opposition—then Prime-Minister Putin said that he thought this was the “propaganda of the fight against AIDS, that these were contraceptives.” Obviously, the opposition's attempt to put one more color on their ‘colored revolution' received a powerful blow. Putin never used the word ‘condom' but his young supporters wholeheartedly embraced it.
The word condom, with slightly different pronunciation, in Russia vulgar slang has a wide variety of meanings, but the most general is “unreliable SOB who will always let one down.” The officially used literal and polite form of the item in Russian language is not a condom but a preservative, the vulgar form is not accepted in cultured language.
While giving away free condoms, the organizers of the action were promoting their website. The name of the site could be translated from vulgar Russian slang as either “Here he is – the ‘condom!'” or “What a ‘condom!'”, depending on one's linguistic preferences. The site gives people a chance to vote one's favorite ‘condom' among the opposition.
Topping the list so far is Alexey Navalny, the face of the opposition, because, according to the site, “he stole the money, provoked the prison term for fellow oppositionists, is a crook, always is lying.” Number 2 is Boris Nemtsov – former deputy Prime-Minister in Yeltsin's government – for being a ‘co-author of the default of 1998, political turncoat, agent of the US State Department, follower of Ukrainian Maidan' – i.e. sympathizer of the overthrow of the previous government in Ukraine. Number 3 is rock musician Andrei Makarevich – “bent to the changing world, performed at the concert for the Kiev junta, stole money from a charity concert.” Number 4 – former oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky – “a thief and crook, was involved in the murder of a mayor of Siberian town in 1998,” declares the site.
Although keeping him on their hate-list, Young Putin backers are not worried by the possibility of seeing Khodorkovsly as a presidential rival to their idol (a possibility that has been cherished by a number of the Utopians in the West). Mr. Putin himself, when asked recently if he was afraid that Mr. Khodorkovsky would run for presidency in the next elections, just shrugged the idea off with his usual cynical sense of humor – “Who? For President? Of what country?”
There are 17 most hated ‘condoms' on the website, members of the punk rock group Pussy Riot share the 7th position for “insulting the feelings of millions of believers, putting frozen chicken inside different holes of their bodies, being whores of the US State Department.”
Although it looks vulgar, cocky and insulting – this hip kind of propaganda is very effective among young generation of Russians. And it might be working. The latest opposition rally in Moscow this December had no more than 1,500 participants out of the capital's population of more than 13 million. Exactly three years ago there were over 150,000 demonstrators on Moscow streets.
One has to admit that the leaders of anti-Putin opposition in Russia are depressingly old compared to those of the Putin supporters – the majority of them are well into their forties and fifties and there are no new young political stars between them. Their main slogan, “Russia without Putin!” is hardly going to find a lot of followers at a time when the president's popularity fluctuates between 70% and 80%.
In the meantime, all but having sidelined the enemies of their idol, the Young Putinists have been working to help their country achieve another important goal put forward by Vladimir Putin—to expand today's life expectancy in Russia from 71 years to 74 in the near future. Alcohol-free celebration on New Year's Eve, promoted by them this year all around the country, was followed in all major cities the next day, on January 1, by “Russian scampers” running marathons under the slogan “Russians, forward!” with the goal to show their hangover-stricken compatriots on the streets that there is a way out of suffering other than one more half-bottle of vodka.
Mikhail Klikushin attended Novosibirsk State University, and received a graduate degree in Russian history before emigrating to the United States.
With the exception of Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo, no one bets more heavily on new console launches than Ubisoft.It's something of a video game industry tradition that the publisher rushes headlong into new system launches -- and with the Wii U on the way, it plans to have six titles available on day one (with three more coming by the end of Nintendo's extended "launch window").But while the company has an obvious interest in talking up those consoles, Tony Key, Ubisoft's senior vice president of sales and marketing, is both upbeat and cautious. While he notes Ubisoft sees the potential in what Nintendo is trying to do with its next generation system, it's not yet certain that the rest of the world is."I think the challenge is to get people to understand what it is that the GamePad brings to gaming," he says. "They did this sort of infomercial-type ad [in the U.K.] that says 'it does this and it does this!' I really think that just shows you they're trying to find ways to show people before they actually get their hands on the thing. I think they had the same problem with the Wii."Innovation like that is very hard to grasp as a consumer, until you actually see it, because it's not something you're asking for necessarily. ... You're not going to 'get it' from a trailer."That said, he expects the public to catch on to the device fairly quickly. And says the potential disruption to the industry is nearly as big as what the Wii brought with it."The Wii was a huge breakthrough for gaming because it more or less heralded in the era of motion control," he says. "Since then, Kinect has been successful and you've got the Sony [PlayStation] Move. It created a new genre of gaming and brought in a ton of new consumers. With the Wii U -- there are critics. No, it's not heralding a new era of motion control, but it is heralding in a new era of two-screen gaming."Ubisoft's big bets on the system have caused some scoffing among gamers, especially as other publishers have taken a wait and see attitude towards the Wii U. Key, though, says he believes "most of the industry is underestimating the break-through that the Wii U represents."The reason for this, he suspects, is few publishers have taken the time to get to know the system like Ubisoft. The Wii U is not something that developers instantly see the potential for, he says.While Ubisoft had a comparable number of games with the launch of the Wii, he describes the Wii U lineup as stronger and more diverse, which could boost sales. And while he expects the company to hold two or three positions in the system's top five sellers this year, he notes that for a new console initial sales aren't as critical as they are for those in later stages of their life-cycle. Top games, in fact, can keep selling for seven or eight months -- or even a year, in some cases.In fact, even with some titles for existing consoles, those first few days aren't as critical as many think they are."Retailers just can't predict consumer behavior now," he says. "Things just seem so up and down. ... We all overreact to everything now, whether good or bad. For example, on, we ship in October and want to see lots of units then of course, but we had some enormous sales weeks last December on. And when we look back, we realized we do just 3 percent ofsales in the first week. So to look and say we're up or down 20 percent is ludicrous."And while brick and mortar retail has suffered noticeably in recent years, Key says he believes the Wii U could be the start of a long-awaited turnaround."Retail has the same problems as a lot of us right now," he says. "Consumers are less excited about console games right now. When you look at retail, there are a lot of things you could point to as to why it's declining - but nobody ever says 'consumers are bored.' When new hardware comes along, you can't predict what impact that's going to have on the console business. And if people really go crazy over the Wii U, then retail is going to be the first to see the benefit of that. It's just what the industry needs right now."
The number of unemployed people in Saskatchewan decreased in October, but that's partly because fewer people were looking for work.
“In Stats Canada's world, you can be unemployed as long as you're looking for work,” said statistician Doug Elliott, publisher of Sask Trends Monitor.
“What we've seen in the last three or four months is people being discouraged from the lack of job opportunities … and just not looking anymore, which means the unemployment rate and the number of unemployed people go down, but not because they're finding work — it's because they've quit looking.”
Saskatchewan has its lowest labour force participation rate since 2005.
In October, according to Statistics Canada, 9,600 fewer people were looking for work compared with the year before.
The province's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 5.9 per cent; it was seven per cent last October.
“We continue to see the impact of low resource prices on our labour market,” Economy Minister Steven Bonk stated in a news release.
He said there is reason to be optimistic about the economy, as Saskatchewan has the third-lowest unemployment rate in Canada.
The NDP sees it another way.
“There were 3,400 fewer people working in Saskatchewan last month than a year ago. Even more upsetting, 3,300 of them are women,” said NDP jobs critic Vicki Mowat.
“Last month we learned that 28 per cent more Saskatchewan women are relying on employment insurance and now we see the problem is getting worse, not better.”
She added that Saskatchewan was one of only two provinces to see job loss in the past year.
Elliott said there is some reason for optimism: The construction and manufacturing sectors are two “bright lights,” but “if you look at the broad picture … we're not out of the woods here yet.”
By the numbers
565,800 people were working in Saskatchewan during the week of Oct. 8-14. That's 3,400 fewer than in October 2016.
9,600 fewer people are looking for work compared with October 2016: The labour force had 596,200 people in October.
7 per cent fewer youths (aged 15 to 24) were employed than in October 2016.
67.8 per cent of people able to work in Saskatchewan were part of the labour force.
5.9 per cent was the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate, an improvement over last October's seven-per-cent unemployment.
5.1 per cent of Reginans were unemployed in October, no change compared with the year before.
7.4 per cent of Saskatonians were unemployed in October, compared with 7.1 per cent the year before.
7.8 per cent fewer people were working in the Swift Current/Moose Jaw economic region than in October 2016.
4.1 per cent more people were working in the Yorkton/Melville economic region than the year before.
1.7 per cent fewer Indigenous people were in the labour force compared with last October.
3,400 fewer people were working in agriculture this October compared with the year before, the largest decline among the industries at nine per cent.
Declines in other industries included:
6 per cent in health care and social assistance;
6 per cent in information, culture and recreation;
5 per cent in accommodation and food services;
5 per cent in educational services.
A few industries saw growth of four per cent: transportation and warehousing; finance, insurance, real estate and leasing; business, building and other support services; and public administration.
A category labelled “other services” also grew by nine per cent.
amartin@postmedia.com
twitter.com/LPAshleyM
ADVERTISEMENT
Some liberals want to put former Vice President Dick Cheney on trial for war crimes for advocating torture, but Cheney doesn't appear worried. In his Sunday interview on ABC's "This Week," Cheney said that in the Bush administration, he "was a big supporter of waterboarding," and thinks it should still be used, when necessary, to get information from terrorism suspects. But with President Obama and many legal experts saying waterboarding is torture under U.S. and international law, did Cheney just write the opening statement for the prosecution in a war-crimes tribunal? (Watch Dick Cheney talk about waterboarding)
Cheney sealed his own conviction: Waterboarding is "torture," by definition and law, says Andrew Sullivan in The Atlantic. So Cheney "just confessed to a war crime," the penalty for which is either death or life in prison. "These are not my opinions and they are not hyperbole. They are legal facts," and the only question is if Cheney will be convicted of his war crimes "in his lifetime or posthumously"?
"Cheney: 'I was a big supporter of waterboarding'"
Maybe Obama's the real war criminal: Obama wants to claim "the moral high ground" by ending "enhanced interrogation" tactics, says Marc Thiessen in Foreign Policy. But his escalation of Predator drone attacks kills innocent women and children, along with terrorists. That's hardly "morally superior" to Cheney's approach, especially considering that "dead terrorists can't tell you their plans to strike America."
"Dead terrorists tell no tales"
Bush was too wimpy for Cheney, too: Why is this difficult for Cheney apologists to grasp? asks Jay Bookman in The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. "The United States is not a war zone," and Cheney's desire to torture even terrorism suspects, like the Christmas Day bomber, who are caught in the U.S. is illegal and unconstitutional. Even George W. Bush eventually rejected the "morally bankrupt and strategically disastrous Cheney approach."
"Cheney wants to abandon rule of law, Constitution"
.....................................................
SEE MORE OF THE WEEK'S RELATED COVERAGE:
• Dick Cheney vs. Joe Biden
• Dick Cheney's 'war' on Obama
• Torture at Guantanamo
The Gendered Impact of Central Banking
‘Women still suffer gender pension gap' is the title of the article published by the Financial Times (whose subtitle is that “In developed and developing countries, the risk of old age poverty falls disproportionately on females”). This is an unsurprising finding when we consider that the gender pay gap largely persists more broadly and so a gender pensions gap is logically expected and, indeed, predicted from this situation. However, what is often not considered in either free banking or gender empowerment circles is the disproportionate impact the financial crisis and subsequent (unconventional) monetary policy has had on older women in particular.
Unprecedented cuts in interest rates and persistently low ones after the particularly acute phase of the financial crisis (and during the ongoing, depressing phase of it that we are currently experiencing) have worked to hit savers in particular and, since there is a gender pension gap, this works to hit older women in particular. This is even more frustrating when coupled with the consideration that contemporary governments' austerity policies are seen as having an acutely gendered impact. Indeed, it was found that “Women are less likely than men to receive a pension and the benefits they receive are lower in most countries for which data exists, according to the UN's Progress of the World's Women report, released in April. In the EU, the poverty rate among elderly women is 37 per cent higher than among men.”
However, such a monetary policy is only problematic when lower interest rates are imposed upon a population through legally enforced and imposed central banking regimes. In a free banking regime, people would have a genuine choice to use multiple monies as they see fit and according to their diverse, expectations-management preferences rather than being forced to live their economic lives according to an imposed monetary monopoly that aligns far more so with the preferences of governments and, more specifically, the special interest groups that have the resources to lobby them effectively. People would be able to benefit from a wide variety of exchange rates, interest rates and optimise their preferences accordingly – therefore, savers as well as borrowers would benefit and pensioners (alongside other peoples) could restructure their currency portfolios according to the monies that most suit their needs.
Therefore, although central banking has had both an acute and chronic gendered impact, enabling truly free banking is likely to have a gender-empowering effect more broadly across societies. Free Banking can and would meet a myriad of social justice objectives; in this instance, it would help alleviate the symptoms of institutional sexism.
A worker stuffs newly made toys at the production line of a toys factory in the suburbs of Shanghai October 31, 2008. REUTERS/Nir Elias (CHINA)
You can get anything you want at Harry “Skip” McGrath's 21st century digital storefront.
Steak rub. Crochet needles. Paella pans. Concealed-carry pistol holsters. Moisturizer.
McGrath was an executive for a Fortune 500 company before his son showed him eBay. The first thing he sold there was a set of 19th century brass candlesticks, the kind his wife would list for $100 at her antiques store. Someone on the Internet bought them for $169.
Eventually the couple ran out of antiques and McGrath started looking into other things to sell. He began buying all kinds of bric-a-brac from wholesalers, becoming a kind of Marco Polo of Internet goods. Some of the items reflect his personal interests. He's a handgun enthusiast, which is why he deals in a variety of leather holsters. But a lot of what McGrath sells is just what he thinks can be profitable — like remote-controlled boats, which he used to buy from an importer in Long Beach at around $14 and could resell on Amazon for $34.95.
But a couple years ago, people stopped buying McGrath's toys. He discovered that Chinese merchants were selling the same boats shipped directly from China for a total price of around $18, including postage. He couldn't compete. Just the mailing cost would put him way past that price.
Though McGrath didn't realize it at first, he was running into a quirk in an international treaty that makes it possible for an individual to send a pound of stuff from Hong Kong to D.C. for less than it would cost to send the same package from, say, Seattle.
This strange consequence of postal law was less significant when the mail was mostly personal correspondence. But as Chinese companies began logging on to Web marketplaces like eBay, Amazon, and Alibaba, they started taking advantage of the shipping deal to sell directly to American consumers. And so it's never been easier to get something cheap and Chinese delivered to your door for a startlingly low price: $4.64 for a digital alarm clock; $2.50 for a folding knife; $1.88 for an iPhone cable — all with shipping included.
“I can't believe our government would do this to undercut American sellers to help the Chinese sell more in America,” McGrath said.
Under this decades-old arrangement, which is overseen by an agency of the United Nations and has participation from nearly every country, national postal services give each other discounted rates on international mail under a certain size and weight.
Here's how it works. Say someone from Germany wants to send a letter or package (under 4.4 pounds) to Chicago. The German postal service will handle the Germany-to-U.S. leg. After the package arrives in, say, New York, the USPS takes over, delivering it to its final destination.
Countries used to provide this forwarding service to each other for free, but in 1969 an update to this postal treaty called for small fees (called terminal dues) on each mail piece. Since then the dues have grown, and the payment system has become labyrinthine. In most cases, however, postal services still charge each other less than they would charge their own citizens for moving a package across the country.
According to the terms set out in Universal Postal Union treaty, the USPS in 2014 gets paid no more than about $1.50 for delivering a one-pound package from a foreign carrier, which makes it hard to cover costs. [1] The USPS inspector general's office estimated that the USPS lost $79 million in fiscal year 2013 delivering this foreign treaty mail. (The Postal Service itself declined to provide specific figures.)
In an effort to ride the e-commerce boom, the Postal Service signed a deal in 2010 with China's state carrier to sell a special service for small packages entering the U.S. For a small premium, the USPS offered tracking and delivery confirmation, an essential feature for online retailers, as well as expedited shipping.
The Postal Service plainly hoped to grow its Asia presence. One official said in a press release at the time that the arrangement “holds great potential for increasing international package volumes for the Postal Service.” In 2011, the Postal Service announced a similar deal with Hong Kong's postal carrier. The press release said that the move “solidifies our role as a key supplier in global commerce.” Singapore Post joined in 2012, and Korea Post joined in 2013.
The USPS offers this service, called “ePacket,” to foreign postal operators looking to increase global trade with the United States, spokeswoman Darlene S. Casey said in an e-mail. It has proven popular. Between fiscal years 2011 and 2012, China nearly tripled the number of packages sent under this program, from 9.5 million to 26.8 million. Revenues quadrupled. Casey also noted that the USPS relies on business income, not tax dollars, to fund its operations. (It lost another $5 billion last fiscal year.)
But this has still been a money sink for the Postal Service. In 2012, USPS was paid only 94 cents on average for each piece of Chinese ePacket mail, according to a February report from the Postal Service's inspector general's office. That report estimated that the Postal Service was losing about a dollar on each incoming item, adding up to a $29.4 million net loss in 2012.
Forums on eBay are filled with angry notes about ePacket. “I must say that it is simply an economic disaster for US Sellers,” one person wrote. “One product that we sell for 2.00 with 2.50 shipping a chinese company is selling for .99 with free shipping,” another complained. The person added, “Too much work no money here anymore. Let the Chinese have it.”
The benefit of ePacket, though, is that it allows USPS to charge extra for services that are fairly easy to provide thanks to existing infrastructure. The inspector general's report says that the Postal Service could have lost another $1 million or so in 2012 had Chinese shippers opted for regular mail instead of ePacket.
All of this is little comfort to McGrath, who chafes at the thought of the Postal Service helping Chinese merchants poach his customers. “All of us sellers are selling a lot of Chinese goods in America but at least we're creating jobs, making money, and adding to the economy,” he said. “But when people buy direct from China that's adding nothing to the American economy.”
Commercial carriers, who are not party to any of these arrangements, have also found the situation frustrating and potentially anti-competitive. In 2013, a public comment from FedEx noted: “For private competitors like FedEx, U.S. and EU antitrust laws place sharp limits on our ability to coordinate pricing policies with competitors. We expect the U.S. to do everything it can to ensure that the same principles apply to price coordination by post offices.” [2]
At the latest round of negotiations in 2012, countries did agree to raise fees slightly. The United States will get to charge about 13 percent more every year from 2014 to 2017. Under the new terms, the inspector general's office believes that the USPS will start to lose less money on inbound mail. [3]
All this should be a reminder that any trade deal has winners and losers and unintended consequences. Internet commerce suddenly made the terms of a long-standing mail treaty a competitive advantage for Chinese merchants, and U.S. importers like the McGraths have been feeling the squeeze. But this same system also means that average Americans can get a really sweet deal on an iPhone case shaped like an Absolut bottle.
To insulate his business from foreign competition, McGrath has tried different ways of making his products stand out. He likes to tell people to sell what you're passionate about, and McGrath loves indoor pistol shooting. Recently he designed his own kind of mattress holster, which hangs a gun and a flashlight from the side of the bed for easy nighttime access. He contracted a company to manufacture the holsters, and they are shipped out in bulk from — where else? — China.
[1] Mainland China, which is still considered a “transitional” country under the treaty, pays a little less.
[2] Commercial carriers are also miffed that this kind of mail is subject to laxer customs regulation. The FedEx comment to the Postal Regulatory Commission has more on these concerns.
[3] The funny fact here is that the USPS actually makes an operating profit on this kind of international mail. (That is, it makes more than the marginal cost, but not necessarily the total cost including infrastructure and other operations.) Whatever it loses on underpriced inbound mail, it recoups through what it charges Americans for outbound mail. In a way, those who mail stuff abroad are helping to pay for other Americans to get cheap shipping on purchases from China.
Glasgow giants Celtic vs Manchester City sees a Battle of Britain scenario at Parkhead. Group C of the UEFA Champions League saw 11 goals in total on Matchday 1. Celtic came off worst from these games, shipping seven goals to Barcelona. Premier League leaders City have a 100% record under new manager Pep Guardiola, and little give the Glasgow giants much hope of changing that.
Current Form
City have opened the season with six Premier Leagues wins in a row, ten in all competitions. The form of Sergio Agüero, who already has 11 goals in total, has contributed heavily to this. Their away victories against Stoke City, Manchester United and Swansea City have been particularly impressive.
Celtic have predictably opened up an early gap at the top of the Scottish Premiership. After six games they lead the table by four points, and have a game in hand. So far a 2-2 draw away to Inverness Caledonian Thistle is the only blot on their copybook.
Team News – City
The biggest disappointment for City fans is that Kevin De Bruyne looks set to be absent for a month. The Belgian playmaker, so impressive in the derby win at Old Trafford, is out with a hamstring injury. Spanish forward Nolito, currently serving a domestic ban, or compatriot Jesús Navas could be in line to replace him. Another option is Leroy Sané, who could make only his second start for the Blues. Vincent Kompany is still injured after being substituted in the League Cup tie at Swansea. Former Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph is also out, having missed training on Tuesday.
Sergio Aguero will likely lead the attack, while İlkay Gündoğan, Fernandinho, Raheem Sterling and David Silva provide the supply line. John Stones and Nicolás Otamendi will expect to continue a defensive partnership which has flourished so far this season.
Likely Line-Up: Bravo, Sagna, Otamendi, Stones, Kolarov, Fernandinho, Gündoğan, Sterling, Silva, Sané, Agüero.
Team News – Celtic
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has an issue in the goalkeeping department ahead of Wednesday's game. Dorus De Vries picked up a knock in the 6-1 weekend victory over Kilmarnock, and will not make the squad. He was replaced by Craig Gordon, who looked short on confidence after coming on. Rodgers has said, however, that he has no qualms in throwing Gordon in the deep end if necessary, having been his first choice for most of this term.
Former City forward Scott Sinclair has had a good start to life at Parkhead. With seven goals so far this season, he is likely to start. Patrick Roberts, on loan to Celtic from the Etihad, could also be in line to feature against his parent club. He will probably start on the bench.
Top goalscorer Moussa Dembélé is likely to start up front. The question Rodgers must ponder is whether to partner him with Leigh Griffiths. The pair have eighteen goals between them already this campaign, but not always as a pair. The likelihood is that he will pack the midfield in order to contain City's forward line. This would mean starts for Scott Brown, James Forrest, Israel midfielder Nir Britton and Australian Tom Rogic.
Another former City player, Kolo Touré, is likely to begin in defence, having been rested at the weekend. Danish international Erik Sviatchenko is expected to partner him.
Likely Line-Up: C Brown, Lustig, Touré, Sviatchenko, Tierney, Britton, Rogic, S Brown, Forrest, Sinclair, Dembélé.
Matchday 1
Manchester City comfortably disposed of German side Borussia Mönchengladbach at the Etihad. A hat-trick by Sergio Agüero capped off a 4-0 victory for Guardiola's men. This was not only an impressive victory, but a statement of intent that City intends to be one of the major contenders for the trophy. Performances of this nature will only help to strengthen that view.
While the blue half of Manchester were celebrating, Celtic fans could only watch helplessly as their side missed a golden opportunity. Had Dembélé converted a penalty, his side would have been level at 1-1. As the match played out, Barcelona scored a further six times. It added up to the second biggest defeat in the club's history, and their worst since 1937. For a club of Celtic's stature, a 7-0 defeat is unacceptable, even in the Nou Camp.
Final Thought
Celtic vs Manchester City is a match many believe is a forgone conclusion. The Blues are heavy favourites with bookmakers and pundits alike to win this comfortably. This is no surprise given some of the names that they can call upon. When you can leave a player like Yaya Touré out of your Champions League squad, and not even miss him, it shows the strength in depth.
The defeat in Barcelona highlighted just how far Scottish football has fallen between the top European leagues. It was just four years ago that Celtic beat the Catalan giants at Parkhead. They will need the same atmosphere from the home fans, to act as their twelfth man. The crowd cheered them to victory that night. The fact that a repeat performance is not expected might be ideal for the Bhoys.
Main Photo
“We can invest $15 billion a year in renewable sources of energy … to create 5 million new jobs, new energy jobs, all across [the] country, jobs that pay well, jobs that can't be outsourced,” candidate Obama promised.[i]
President Obama spent $90 billion of his stimulus package on green energy projects, but according to the Labor Department, just 9,245 people landed new jobs in the “green energy” industry by the end of the third quarter of last year,[ii] well short of the 200,000 jobs that President Obama told the American people would be generated each year. In fact, according to the American Wind Energy Association, the wind industry has lost about 10,000 jobs since 2009[iii], even though it doubled its production since 2008.[iv]
What are Green Energy Jobs?
The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) of the Department of Labor is responsible for defining green jobs under Title X of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, signed into law by President George W. Bush. According to BLS, the “definition of green goods and services includes jobs in businesses that produce goods and provide services that benefit the environment or conserve natural resources. These goods and services are sold to customers, and include research and development, installation, and maintenance services.” More specifically, the term includes jobs generated from:
Energy projects from renewable sources including wind, biomass, geothermal, solar, ocean, hydropower, and landfill gas and municipal solid waste.
Energy efficiency projects including energy-efficient equipment, appliances, buildings, and vehicles, as well as products and services that improve the energy efficiency of buildings and the efficiency of energy storage and distribution, such as Smart Grid technologies.
Pollution reduction and removal, greenhouse gas reduction, and recycling and reuse projects. These are products and services that reduce or eliminate the creation or release of pollutants or toxic compounds, or remove pollutants or hazardous waste from the environment, reduce greenhouse gas emissions through methods other than renewable energy generation and energy efficiency, such as electricity generated from nuclear sources, reduce or eliminate the creation of waste materials; collect, reuse, remanufacture, recycle, or compost waste materials or wastewater.
Natural resources conservation projects, including organic agriculture and sustainable forestry; land management; soil, water, or wildlife conservation; and storm water management.
Environmental compliance, education and training, and public awareness projects. These are products and services that enforce environmental regulations, provide education and training related to green technologies and practices, and increase public awareness of environmental issues.
BLS compiled a list of 333 industries that can be classified as green, and those who are employed in those industries can be counted as “green workers.” Thus, the definition is extremely broad and includes both direct jobs and indirect jobs. Some examples of jobs considered to be green by this definition are[v]:
A person who sweeps the floor in a solar panel manufacturing facility
A driver of a hybrid bus
A school bus driver
An employee who fills the bus with fuel
An employee involved in waste collection or water and sewer operations
A clerk at a bicycle repair shop
A manufacturer of rail cars
An oil lobbyist whose company is engaged in environmental issues.
An employee of an environment or science museum.
Below are examples of industries that BLS has classified having “Green Goods and Services”:
Source: http://www.manhattan-institute.org/html/ir_20.htm#.UE5ec7KPXSh
Therefore, it is not surprising that the 2010 data (2010 is the base year) show the total “green job” estimate to be 3.1 million, or over 2 percent of total employment. These 3.1 million jobs are primarily preexisting jobs that have been reclassified as “green”. However, what is surprising is that through three-quarters of 2011 only 9,245 new “green” jobs were generated when the White House touts generating over 200,000 new jobs by 2010.
In 2008, Presidential Candidate Obama promised to create 5 million green energy jobs over 10 years by investing in solar, wind and other renewable energy sources. According to the White House by the end of 2010, just 225,000 green jobs had resulted from the stimulus program although a record $90 billion was spent on clean energy.[vi]
Green Job Expenditures
The definition of green jobs matter because money is involved in training, subsidies and other disbursements. For example, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act provided the Labor Department with $500 million for grants in research and training for green jobs, awarded to state work force agencies, community colleges, and nonprofits. The grants were to train workers in green jobs such as hybrid- and electric-car auto mechanics, weatherization of buildings, and solar panel installation. But program success was not very good. For example, Jane Oates, Assistant Secretary at the Labor Department, reported that out of 53,000 people who participated in the green jobs training, only 5,400 (10.2 percent) were employed in those positions at the end of 2011.[vii]
Another example is the military's $510 million program to develop biofuels for ships and tanks. The biofuels are costing the American taxpayer almost 8 times that of conventional fuels ($27 per gallon compared to $3.50 per gallon) at a time when the Department of Defense's budget is being drastically cut. But, the program has created green jobs due to the production of these biofuels.[viii] According to President Obama, “We're making new investments in the development of gasoline and diesel and jet fuel that's actually made from a plant-like substance—algae. Believe it or not, we could replace up to 17 percent of the oil we import for transportation with this fuel that we can grow right here in the United States.”[ix] That may be true, but at what cost?
The Obama administration also provided renewable manufacturers and consumers with a number of tax advantages. In January 2010, the Obama administration announced it had awarded $2.3 billion in Recovery Act Advanced Manufacturing Tax Credits to “clean” manufacturers. The 183 projects were to produce over 17,000 jobs and supported industries such as solar and wind energy, building efficiency and energy management, and smart grid technologies. In 2009, the federal government began offering consumers' tax credits up to $7,500 for purchasing electric plug-in cars, which did little to help the industry due to the high cost of the vehicles and problems with their operation–the Chevy Volt had a tendency to catch fire and the plug-in hybrid car's batteries caught fire after some governments crash tests. In March 2012, General Motors announced a five-week suspension of the Volt's production due to low sales numbers.[x]
The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) tracked the Obama Administration's 1603 treasury grant program from its inception in 2009 through Nov. 10, 2011 in a report entitled, Preliminary Analysis of the Jobs and Economic Impacts of Renewable Energy Projects Supported by the 1603 Treasury Grant Program.[xi] They found that $9 billion in economic “stimulus” funds to solar and wind projects were distributed between 2009 and 2011 that created 910 “direct” jobs. That means that it cost about $9.89 million to establish each of those long-term jobs, covering the technologies' 20 to 30 year life. However, adding in the 4,200 to 4,600 “indirect” jobs that NREL indicated were created, the cost is lower–about $1.6 million per job. According to NREL's report, the $9 billion covered 23,692 photovoltaic and 197 large wind projects.[xii]
Conclusion
BLS has defined green jobs, as directed by legislation, and many of those jobs are a reclassification of existing jobs. Further, the classification of a green job can be rather murky. For example, a corn farmer counts as a green job if he sells his produce or a part of it to an ethanol plant, but is not green if the produce is sold as food. And, according to BLS, new “green” jobs seem to be extremely few despite the broad definition and the hoopla from the White House regarding the “green jobs” that its programs have created. Further, these green jobs are costing the American taxpayer dearly–the 1603 grant program, for example, cost the American taxpayer $1.6 million per job, according to NREL, a national laboratory of the Department of Energy.
A man has been arrested in connection with the fatal shooting of a woman in a car park at the hospital of the University of Illinois, Chicago.
Police held a 47-year-old man after he was pulled over for a routine traffic check, the university said.
The suspect, a staff member at the hospital, was pursued on foot by an officer after fleeing the vehicle.
The woman, also an employee of the hospital, was pronounced dead at the scene after Thursday night's shooting.
The 48-year-old victim, whose name has not been released, was the suspect's ex-partner, police told the Chicago Tribune.
Investigators have recovered a gun, although they have not confirmed that the weapon was used in the shooting, said University of Illinois Medical Center spokesman Mark Rosati.
The hospital was temporarily locked down while a search was carried out for the gunman, before normal operations resumed at about 05:00 (11:00 GMT) on Friday.
Thanks to a $450,000 donation from Duke Energy, the Cincinnati Park Board will be able to move forward more quickly with the development of what was previously called the Main Street Garden at the Smale Riverfront Park.
The area is located immediately south of Great American Ball Park, and is now called the Duke Energy Garden. The narrow piece of park space is expected to be completed by spring 2013, and will connect the Smale Riverfront Park with additional riverfront parkland to the east (Sawyer Point, Bicentennial Commons, Theordore M. Berry International Friendship Park).
The Duke Energy Garden will include 12 “family-sized” porch swings, walking paths, and will help connect the Smale Riverfront Park with additional riverfront parks to the east. Rendering provided.
According to Cincinnati Park Board officials, this connection will be further established with the completion of the Ohio River Trail to Paddlewheel Park in fall 2013.
“The Cincinnati riverfront is more than just an entryway into our community,” Julie Janson, President of Duke Energy Ohio/Kentucky, stated at a Monday morning press conference. “It serves as the front porch to Ohio. That's why Duke Energy, through our foundation, is happy to be able to support the creation of the Duke Energy Garden in the new Smale Riverfront Park.”
According to park officials, the Duke Energy Garden will include 87 trees, thousands of smaller plantings, walking paths, a 150-foot granite seat wall, and 12 “family-sized” porch swings.
The porch swings will be suspended from “undulating” pergolas that will also offer park-users a bit of shade and protection from the elements while enjoying the swings, which have long been anticipated at the park due to their popularity elsewhere throughout the country.
Three additional phases of work are planned to follow the completion of the Duke Energy Garden at Smale Riverfront Park. Image provided.
“Duke Energy's commitment to the vitality of this region has been demonstrated again and again by the company's substantial investments in economic development, education, environmental and energy efficiency efforts throughout the region,” said Willie F. Carden, Jr., Director of Cincinnati Parks. “The establishment of the Duke Energy Garden in Smale Riverfront Park is another such gift that will provide a stunning new public greenspace in Greater Cincinnati's grand new front yard.”
The majority of phase one work at the Smale Riverfront Park was completed in May 2012, but several features of phase one have yet to be funded or built, in addition to future phases of park construction to the west. Some of those features include a transient boat dock, playgrounds, additional gardens and tree groves, a carousel, and more promenades and fountains connecting the central riverfront park with the Ohio River.
Three additional phases of construction work will take place following the completion of the Duke Energy Garden, and it is expected that once fully built out that Smale Riverfront Park will attract approximately 1.1 million visitors annually.
We met Khaliya al Khanim, who has not heard of her children since the beginning of 2015, during the Operation Wrath of the Euphrates carried out in western Raqqa. Khaliya al Khanim's first question was “Will you save our children too?”
The SDF fighter next to me told the 66 year-old al Khanim: “Yes, we will save your children and all of our people.” Afterwards, we said goodbye as we told al Khanim that we would see her soon. Three days later, we went to the village of Hemra and knocked on the door of Khaliya al Khanim. After having some tea, we started to talk. Al Khanim is a resident of Hemra village in western Raqqa and said that ISIS gangs kidnapped her sons 2 years ago after accusing them of different crimes. Al Khanim noted that the gangs have seized their house in Raqqa city center, and said “I went to the gangs so that they return our house. An ISIS gang leader offered me money, but I refused. He then assaulted me and threw me out of the house.” Al Khanim therewith moved to her house in Hemra village.
She told that they had run a restaurant before the civil war which has made everything worse since it began in 2011. They were in good financial situation but their restaurant was bombed and destroyed during the fighting between the Ba'athist regime and al Nusra and other gang groups.
After the destruction of their only source of income, al Khanim's sons Mistefa and Hemûde started to work at a restaurant in Raqqa city center and visited their mother twice a week to give her money. During their last visit, Mistefa and Hemûde told al Khanim that ISIS gangs were bothering them, and al Khanim asked them to quit work and stay at home. Mistefa and Hemûde said that they needed to work, and left their mother's house to never return.
Al Khanim said “I was worried about my sons so I began to investigate. I went to their employer and he told me that he had not seen them for 5 days. The owner of a shop near the restaurant my sons worked at approached me secretly and told me that he saw my sons beaten up and put in a car by ISIS gangs.” Khaniya al Khanim believes that ISIS still has Mistefa and Hemûde but is scared to approach the gangs in order to retrieve her sons.
Therefore, Khaniya al Khanim stated that her only hope for the freedom of her sons is that SDF fighters liberate Raqqa and retrieve her sons from ISIS gangs.
..mainly due to the Long Shot
If NHL teams only took shots from less than 30 feet and penalties were never awarded, James Reimer would be the best goaltender on the Toronto Maple Leafs over this past season. Unfortunately for the Winnipeg native, that's not the case. The bad goal and the penalty kill cost Reimer a lot this season, notably his starting job, his relationship with Leafs management and some fans.
Jonathan Bernier was the better goaltender for the Blue and White this season and he played well enough to justify earning the starting job, there's no denying that. His .922 save percentage appeared to be leaps and bounds ahead of Reimer's .911. But when the numbers are broken down further, it's interesting to see exactly why and how the two goalies differed. Surprising to some, Bernier was outperformed over much of the ice.
Penalty kill save %
Even strength save percentage is probably the fairest assessment of a goaltender's performance, and one shouldn't put much stock into goals given up on the PK as a way to judge a goalie.
Why? Well for starters, the Leafs' penalty kill was horrible this year, as its 78.4 percentage was 28th in the league. Second, shots tend to be more selective on a PK than an even strength chance, as teams will look for an opening and value quality over quantity. Lastly, shorthanded save percentages often have very little correlation to a goalie's even strength save percentage. (Steve Mason has an .894 save percentage shorthanded, whereas Tuukka Rask sits at .873, 52nd in the league). Bernier sits at .881 shorthanded, so he has the edge over Reimer, who is stuck with an .841 save percentage, both of which are in the league's lower half (43rd and 79th).
It makes sense, really. How often do you see a penalty kill where the goalie was forced to try to save a puck with a player shooting at a wide open net? Quality over quantity is usually the name of the game on an NHL power play.
So if it's fair to say penalty kill numbers often have little to do with goaltender skill but rather the quality of shots they face, and it's tough to really use those numbers in any goalie's favour. They tend to be all over the map in relation to even strength save percentage. But for argument's sake, we'll give Bernier the (slight) edge, though neither goalie really was impressive shorthanded.
Comparing by Even strength save percentage
(all data available via Greg Sinclair at Super Shot Search)
Now we're talking. Two good goalies on a more even playing field- how did they perform? (Of note- these stats are all from regulation, 5 on 5)
Shot Type Bernier Reimer Scoring Chance .862 .862 <10 feet .843 .856 10-20 feet .872 .878 20-30 feet .885 .883 Under 30 feet .869 .875 30+ feet .971 .953
Scoring chances save %
The two were identical at 862. Talk about consistency, but the edge goes to neither. (Scoring chances are calculated from a home plate shaped area in front of the net, extending into both playoff circles).
Shots < 10 feet
Reimer was better.
Shots 10-20 feet
Again, Reimer was better.
Shots 20-30 feet
Bernier is better… slightly. .002 is a one-two goal difference over an 82 game season with identical shot totals, so it's tough to say Bernier was really much better than Reimer.
Shots <30 feet
Reimer, as a whole.
Shots 30+ feet
Ah, the bad goal. For whatever reason, Reimer struggled with shots over 30 feet at even strength, more so than Bernier. Reimer gave up 27 goals from over 30 feet, whereas Bernier gave up 25, with considerably higher shots (572 to Reimer, 874 to Bernier). For Reimer to have the same save percentage as Bernier with these shots, he would've needed to stop 11 more out of the shots he faced. Not any easy task, but it's definitely doable if Reimer were to perform just slightly better over the course of the season.
Not allowing shot attempts at all from 30+ feet in the first place would be ideal, but that's impossible to eliminate completely. Sure, a shot at 30 feet is less likely to go in on Reimer than a shot at 20 feet, but a blocked shot will not go in at all. Playing on a team that gave up more shots than any other in the 82-game era couldn't have helped Reimer, and surely blocking few of those 30 footers would have helped Reimer's stats, morale, and standing with the Leafs.
It makes sense that a 30 foot shot is easier to block than a 10 foot shot- so it's the defense's responsibility to block them better.
And if shots aren't blocked, they're likely at least partially screened from that distance. So if you're getting in the goalies' view but not stopping the puck, it's not rocket science you're doing more harm than good. There's no one explanation I can offer, but it's likely a mix of a few bad plays by Reimer mixed with some poor jobs of the defence to clear out defenders in front and block shooting lanes that lead to his poor save percentage from over 30 feet.
I'm also not a goalie coach, but I'm sure there's something that can be done to improve Reimer's vision in seeking out the long missiles, which clearly needs some work. Pepper him with 20 screened shots a day in practice until he shows a legitimate improvement, or use some other method to increase this weakness of his.
Does this mean Reimer was better than Bernier this season? Yes and No. Reimer's inability to stop the long shot and penalty kill struggles severely hindered his shot at success, but it's quite possible to point to evidence that he actually outplayed Bernier on several areas of the ice. As a whole, Bernier's season was better and he was deserving of landing the number one job, but really, he wasn't drastically better than Reimer except on long shots and the penalty kill.
Previous Year by year breakdowns at even strength
To be fair to both goalies, it would make sense to look at more than just one season. So how do Bernier and Reimer compare year by year from each distance and shorthanded? Let's take a look.
2012-13
Shot Type Bernier Reimer Scoring Chance .867 .870 <10 feet .880 .838 10-20 feet .825 .847 20-30 feet .857 .911 <30 feet .860 .877 30+ feet .986 .953 Penalty Kill .868 .911
Similar trend, as Reimer outperformed Bernier again scoring chances, and shots less than 30 feet, but for whatever reason Bernier was better on shots <10 feet and over 30 feet. Overall, however, Reimer's numbers look better, besides the long shot, which again was not stellar. Reimer was much better this year than usual on the penalty kill, which is no surprise because the Leafs were as well, ranking 2nd in the league. Reimer put up .924 overall, whereas Bernier put .909.
2011-12
Shot Type Bernier Reimer Scoring Chance .794 .842 <10 feet .826 .895 10-20 feet .789 .849 20-30 feet .833 .862 <30 feet .797 .856 30+ feet .988 .967 Penalty Kill .926 .810
Reimer was better at even strength in every category except shots over 30 feet and penalty kill… I'm sensing a trend. However, Reimer's overall save percentage was .900, while Bernier's was .913. Yet, Toronto's PK ranked 28th. LA's ranked 4th. Reimer again outplayed Bernier almost everywhere, but the same issues persisted. It's a wonder that the Leafs haven't really been able to improve Reimer's troubles with the easier shots, because his issues appear to be longstanding.
2010-11
Shot Type Bernier Reimer Scoring Chance .876 .879 <10 feet .915 .873 10-20 feet .856 .889 20-30 feet .908 .864 <30 feet .868 .881 30+ feet .959 .967 Penalty Kill .880 .855
Again Bernier was better within 10 feet, so maybe he's got something to be said for his ability to stop shots in close. And he was also very, very solid between 20-30 feet, although this was not replicated throughout the rest of his career, so it's a bit of an anomaly. LA's penalty kill ranked 4th again, whereas Toronto's was again 28th, which is the likely reason for the save percentage differential. But overall, Reimer was better both less than and greater than 30 feet at even strength. Reimer's .921 overall save percentage also topped Bernier's .915. And while Reimer was better at 30+ feet, his save percentage was still troublesome from long range, and Bernier wasn't all that impressive either. Either way, it's evident Reimer has not been stellar with longer shots over the course of his career.
So what does this all mean?
Long story short, while Bernier's initial numbers from this season suggest he was far superior to his fellow crease mate, further analysis proves his increased numbers are a product of nothing more than his better play shorthanded and the issues that Reimer has with longer shots. Correctable mistakes most likely, but the issue remain constant throughout Reimer's brief career. It's an enigma why these issues exist, but I'm willing to bet the Leafs poor defensive play will lead to issues such as screening or wide-open scoring chances where Reimer is left out of position.
Reimer's career numbers were also better before Bernier came to town, but neither goalie ever played a full season as a starter, so it's tough to compare. However, trends suggest that #34's been a more effective goalie than #45.
This isn't a knock on Bernier- he played a great season and was in Vezina conversations for much of the year. But one can only wonder how different things would look had Reimer been able to make a few more ‘easy' saves here and there, and if both goalies were able to play under a good penalty kill, because evidence suggests the man they call Optimus Reim was superior in many situations, not just this year but over the course of Reimer's three previous seasons.
In a perfect world, both goalies would be happy with their roles and the competition for more starts would be consistent, but not a cause for any real debate about whom the true #1 goalie is. However, that isn't the case, and it's assumed by many Reimer has played his last game in a Toronto uniform.
If those rumours hold up to be true, the Leafs may be saying goodbye to the better half of their goaltending tandem.
The “Gatebox” Virtual Home Robot video has amassed a whopping 7 million+ views since we first posted it on Facebook! Riding on all the media attention, Gatebox has now announced a new project.
Entitled “Living with”, this new Gatebox project grants the wish of many. Fans will finally be able to call out to and live with the very characters they've come to admire! The first in this series is a collaboration with none other than the world-renowned Vocaloid princess, Hatsune Miku!
■ About the “Living with” Project
“Living with” is a project to materialize your dreams of living together with a character you've only been able to admire from behind the screen before now. Not only will you have access to Gatebox's original character, Azuma Hikari, but also many other characters who will be making appearances throughout the project.
■ About the Collaboration with Hatsune Miku
The first chapter of this project is unfolding with none other than the virtual songstress, Hatsune Miku!
1.Distribution of Hatsune Miku Content from Gatebox
Hatsune Miku will make her Gatebox debut on March 9th, 2018! This Hatsune Miku Gatebox will of course include features such as you being woken up by her angelic voice in the morning and coming home from a hard day's work to her affectionate greeting. What's more, a famous illustrator will be designing a new version of Miku especially for this project!
2.“Magical Mirai 2017” Exhibit
To commemorate the launch of this project, a demo unit will be on display at Hatsune Miku's special event, Magical Mirai 2017. At Gatebox's booth, you will be able to experience a short demo of “Living with Hatsune Miku”. If you are interested in attending the demo session, please reference the link below.
http://gatebox.ai/livingwithproject
※Application Deadline: 12:00AM JST, Sunday Aug. 20, 2017
The Gatebox Museum will also be held at the same venue, where never before seen Gatebox prototypes and products will be on display. Please reference the link below for the Magical Mirai 2017 itinerary.
http://magicalmirai.com/2017
■Gatebox Additional Sales
Commemorating the launch of “Living with Hatsune Miku”, 39 Gatebox units will be available for sale! In December 2016, Gatebox launched a limited-quantity pre-order campaign of 300 units, which sold out after only a month. This caused a massive request for more units from fans. Now, on the verge of the launch of the Hatsune Miku project, we're sure a lot of people would like to try one out. For more information on how to reserve a unit, please reference the URL below.
http://gatebox.ai/livingwithproject
“Hello, TOM Fans all over the world: I am the CEO of Gatebox Lab, Takechi.
This time around I have an amazing surprise for you all! Incredibly, our greatest dream is finally coming to fruition & you're hearing it hear first: the Gatebox that we are currently developing will be featuring the incredibly popular Cocaloid star, Hatsune Miku! At first, when we announced hopes of this collaboration, many called us “crazy” and said that this project would be “impossible”. Well, one part of what they said was mistaken, while the other part of it was true: We are the “crazy” guys that made that dream come true!
Like us, I think that everyone reading this news has an Anime character that they really like, and I know that there are a great many people who wish from the bottom of their hearts that they could live together with those same characters.
Everyone, no matter what, we'd like you to keep watching over these dreams that we are chasing. Just that alone is enough to give us the energy and motivation to push forward! We'll keep driving this goal right to the finish line so that you all can be one step closer toward being able to call out to that special character you like! We appreciate all of the support that you've given us! Thank you!”
- Minori Takechi
Gatebox Inc. CEO
The Blockchain has become much more than a simple piece of technology. It has become a symbol for freedom, transparency and fairness. With this being said, it's no wonder we see projects leveraging Blockchain tech as a “one-size-fits-all” tool to solve all sorts of problems, many of which could not be further from the original purpose of the Blockchain.
Nowadays, the words “Blockchain technology” are thrown around alot and sometimes the use of the technology itself is unnecessary. Tim Swanson, Director of Market Research at R3CEV has even coined the term "chain washing" to describe companies/startups that are using or trying to use Blockchain technology in certain areas when in fact, they could be using more advanced technology for the purpose at hand.
This becomes especially evident when it comes to file and data storage. Although the Bitcoin Blockchain is basically a decentralized database for transactions, accounts and balances, keeping that information on a decentralized ledger is already proving to be a challenge due to capacity issues. Nevertheless, several projects and companies insist on looking at Blockchain-based solutions for storage and, while there are clear cases of misguided enthusiasm when it comes to the use of Blockchain technology, there are some projects out there that are worth taking a look at.
Blockchain Technology as an Incentive Layer
When it comes to a mutualistic relation between Decentralized Ledger Technology (DLT) and data storage, the most common use case for the Blockchain is as an incentive layer. This means that data isn't stored on the Blockchain itself, but the network at hand is able to leverage the Blockchain as a ledger for automatic payments and/or for value exchange, enabling users to pay for storage or access to files.
In this case, the advantages for using the Blockchain over any other technology are clear. These include faster settling times, lower transaction fees (which enable microtransactions), higher privacy and the ability for transparent and immutable record keeping. While the Blockchain isn't being used for data storage, it is providing the foundation on which the decentralized network is built, allowing it to run with no central authority whatsoever.
There are several projects leveraging the Blockchain in such a way. Storj, one of the first and most successful decentralized storage networks on the cryptosphere, comes to mind. The project started out using a Bitcoin-based asset but later moved to an ERC20 token on the Ethereum Blockchain. This token, the Storj Coin (SCJX), is used by clients to pay for storage and acts as an incentive for nodes that keep part of the client's files. These files have been previously shredded, encrypted, and distributed to multiple nodes in order to ensure their safety and availability.
Another popular example is Filecoin, a project developed by Protocol Labs, the creators of the InterPlanetary File System (IPFS). In case you aren't familiar with IPFS, it is an alternative p2p hypermedia protocol that allows files to be stored in a permanent and decentralized fashion. This provides historic versioning for files, removes duplicates and even allows users to save on bandwidth since files are downloaded from multiple computers and not from a single server.
While IPFS provides a basis for the storage of files, Protocol Labs took this one step further with the development of Filecoin which, according to the whitepaper, “works as an incentive layer on top of IPFS.” The system is different from the one used by Storj on many levels.
In Filecoin, miners are paid to store and retrieve files, while also receiving mining rewards from their “useful Proof of Work." There is also no set price for file storage. Instead, users and miners place buy and sell orders in a decentralized storage exchange, making Filecoin a competitive marketplace in which prices can adapt to outside conditions.
While Filecoin and Storj focus on providing affordable cloud storage services, a project named Decent is currently working on a decentralized content sharing platform which allows users to upload and monetize/share their work (videos, music, ebooks, etc) without the need to rely on a centralized third party. Users can access content in a much more affordable way by skipping these intermediaries while the nodes that host the content are rewarded with fees. Much like Storj, the files stored by the nodes on the Decent network are shredded and encrypted.
Blockchain for storage? Is it possible?
Storing data on a Blockchain like Bitcoin would be doable, in theory. However, Bitcoin's current blocksize limit only allows for 1MB of data to be stored every 10 minutes. Even if you remove that limit, nodes will eventually stop being able to maintain a copy of the Blockchain due to its size, resulting in a centralized and easily-disruptable network. Of course, the scalability problem hasn't deterred developers from trying to use the Blockchain as a storage solution and a project called Archain may just have found a solution.
Archain is a cryptocurrency project that wants to address online censorship by creating a decentralized archive for the internet. To do so, Archain will leverage a new Blockchain-derivative data structure, the "blockweave" which according to the whitepaper, allows the network scale to an “arbitrary size."
Once a user submits a page for archiving on the Archain system, it is stored on the blockweave with the fees paid by the user being allocated to the miner that finds the block at hand. Since the Archain requires miners to store both the current block and a previous block that has been randomly picked from the blockweave, miners have an incentive to store as much as the data as they can without being forced to store the entire blockweave.
As such, Archain is able to ensure that content requested by users is always available without the need for it to be stored by every single node on the network. Archain is also able to address download speeds by incentivising users to propagate poorly-mirrored blocks.
Private Blockchains?
You cannot talk about chain washing for too long without talking about private Blockchains. The concept of a private Blockchain is, to a degree, paradoxical as there is really no use for a Blockchain if the network is closed. To put it simply: If a Blockchain network is not immutable, open or transparent, then a regular database will usually be far more efficient than a Blockchain.
Yet there is a little known project leveraging a private Blockchain in combination with the public Waves Blockchain to provide clients with the “best of two worlds." We are talking about Sigwo Technologies LLC, a company that focuses on providing dApps and consulting services for legacy businesses that want to integrate Blockchain technology for data storage and disaster recovery.
Although Sigwo Technologies LLC provides a wide range of services, its use of the Jupiter Blockchain, the Mercury token and the Waves Platform caught my attention. Jupiter is a private Blockchain built specifically for encrypted information storage. Different networks are created for different companies, allowing authorized nodes to join in and download the data on the chain. So far, Jupiter is not much different from any other private Blockchain. What makes it stand out is how Jupiter is able to ensure transparency and immutability despite being a private Blockchain.
Once data is stored on Jupiter, the block hashes from the private Blockchain are stored permanently on the Waves Blockchain. This is done by adding the block hash to a Waves transaction. Since Waves transaction can be paid for with a custom token, the Mercury token is used which makes the process affordable.
Since block hashes are stored on the Waves Blockchain, any change made to the private Blockchain will be publically detected. This happens because the hash from a certain block will always vary according to the information contained in the block. What we're left with is a Blockchain in which large amounts of data can be stored by specialized nodes (unlike public Blockchains) while remaining publicly verifiable.
Conclusion
As we have seen, there are no shortage of projects that are using Blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies to make decentralized storage possible. However, it is also worth noting that DLT is still in its early stages and it is possible that other, more advanced technologies can replace it with respect to specific use cases. In other words, Blockchain may not be the answer for everything.
Police go to stop her as she lunges (Picture: Reuters)
A topless woman tried to steal Baby Jesus out of the manger in the Vatican in a protest against the patriarchy.
The leftfield move was staged by an activist from Femen (previously famous for their topless protests supporting Pussy Riot).
She jumped over guard rails to get to the nativity scene in St Peter's Square on Monday, shouting ‘God is woman' – the same slogan she had painted on her back.
However, she was stopped by police as she grabbed the statue.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
She had the slogan ‘GOD IS WOMAN' painted on her back (Picture: Reuters)
She didn't get away with Jesus (Picture: Reuters)
MORE: Trolls target Mo Farah with racial abuse for posting picture in Santa hat
Advertisement
Advertisement
A Vatican gendarme stopped her from taking the statue and she was detained. The incident happened about two hours before Pope Francis delivered his Christmas message to some 50,000 people in the square.
Girl, 6, begged babysitter to ask her pedophile husband to stop kissing her
The group's website identified her as Alisa Vinogradova and called her a ‘sextremist'. It says the goal of the group, which was founded in Ukraine, is ‘complete victory over patriarchy'.
A Femen activist staged a similar action on Christmas Day 2014 but managed to take the statue out of the crib before she was arrested.
MORE: Girl, 9, spends birthday money on helping the homeless at Christmas
MORE: Naked calendar celebrates gay men with ‘ordinary' bodies instead of super sculpted abs
on •
LEXIE CANNES STATE OF TRANS — Unprovoked attacks on trans people on subways are sadly, rather commonplace. I've already written about a handful in this very space, including one earlier this year. But this one stands out. One that I think requires some of the riders on that train to assume personal responsibility for what happened to trans woman Pearl Love last week as she rode the subway in New York City.
The attacker was a woman who was wearing a large cross necklace. One couldn't miss it. It was swinging around in plain sight of everyone. Video footage easily picked it up.
The woman launched into an explicit barrage against the trans woman on the packed train, followed by physical attacks, and topped off with a chase around the train or two. Total time: 5 minutes. Total number of Christians that came to the aid of the trans woman: 0.
Some of the riders of that train likely were wearing cross necklaces too. What the heck? Did they hide it under their shirts as this was going on? Fair weather Christians, I wonder.
I'm tired of Christians behaving badly — in this case, both the attacker and those who enabled her. In this case, enablers diluted whatever was supposed to be good about Christianity.
If one of your fellow Christians is going down the wrong path, step up and prevent an innocent person from being harmed — this includes putting yourself in harms way — because it is the Christian thing to do. Right?
Another NYC beating and subway attack: https://lexiecannes.com/2016/04/18/trans-activist-who-was-previously-attacked-on-nyc-subway-attacked-for-a-second-time/
This attack, watch the video (Trigger warning): https://www.facebook.com/pearl.mclove/posts/1102377636471588?fref=nf&pnref=story
More: http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2016/05/04/christian-verbally-and-physically-attacks-trans-woman-on-nyc-train/
Watch LEXIE CANNES right now: http://www.amazon.com/Lexie-Cannes-CourtneyODonnell/dp/B00KEYH3LQ
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Transgender, Transsexual, Trans, Transphobia, exploitation, dehumanizing, violence, hate
SEATTLE (Reuters) - A boycott by Seattle teachers of a widely used standardized test has attracted national attention and given new momentum to a growing protest movement that seeks to limit standardized testing in U.S. public schools.
The revolt by Seattle public school teachers, joining educators and students elsewhere, comes at a time of bitter political wrangling over how best to reinvigorate a $525 billion public school system that leaves American children lagging their counterparts in countries like Finland and South Korea.
Standardized tests have played an ever-more prominent role in public schools over the past decade.
Yearly testing in reading and math for elementary school students required by former President George W. Bush's 2002 landmark testing law, known as “No Child Left Behind,” exposed stark achievement gaps in many schools, mainly along racial and economic lines, and spurred interventions to help to struggle kids.
Sandy Kress, a former advisor to Bush on the law and lobbyist for Pearson, a company that publishes academic tests, said focusing too much on test scores alone will, in the end, cheat students out of the kind of quality education that sometimes can't be measured by standardized tests.
“If it's all back to just grades ... a lot of people will have an easy time for about 10 years, (but later) our kids will suffer dramatically,” Kress said.
The Obama administration supports regular testing but has signaled some flexibility.
“Should you assess kids every year? Yes,” Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said recently. He added he was “more than sympathetic” to growing concerns about over-testing in school districts, some of which run standardized tests multiple times each year.
“There's a common-sense middle ground,” Duncan said.
Increasingly, standardized tests carry high stakes. Teachers are often evaluated in part by their students' scores, and students may have to pass a standardized test to advance to the next grade in elementary school or earn a high-school diploma.
To prepare students for those high-stakes exams, and to monitor their academic progress more closely, many school districts - like Seattle - give additional standardized tests throughout the year.
STUDENTS OFF THE “MAP”
That's what teachers at Seattle's Garfield High School were protesting when they decided in January to boycott the multiple-choice Measures of Academic Progress (MAP) test, saying the computerized exam is not aligned with the state's curriculum and produces “meaningless results” upon which they are indirectly evaluated.
The Northwest Evaluation Association, maker of the MAP, said its test adapts to students' individual aptitudes and quickly provides educators with a reliable, fair progress report, though the test version used may not adhere to a specific teacher's syllabus.
Seattle schools have given the MAP test three times a year since 2009, on top of two other state-mandated exams. It is used in hundreds of school systems throughout Washington state and elsewhere.
Teachers and students staged rallies, and about 270 parents opted out for their children, some noting that the test was not required for graduation. Hundreds of students protested, either by not taking the test or completing it so quickly or randomly that the results were invalid, Garfield High School testing coordinator Kris McBride said.
‘TEACHERS' SPRING'
Educators who did not give the test by February 28, the last day winter MAP test scores are valid, could face disciplinary action, said Clover Codd, a top official with the Seattle School District.
“We hear their concerns, we want to work with them, but we need to do what's right for our children,” Codd said. “There may be two rights here.”
A district-appointed task force will recommend on May 2 whether to renew a contract to use MAP, which costs the district $436,114 for 36,718 licenses.
The Seattle dissent was mirrored by dozens of high school students in Portland, Oregon, who launched a boycott in February over state-required exams students must pass to graduate, though they can meet the new proficiency requirements using other tests.
In Providence, Rhode Island, high school students splattered themselves with fake blood and pretended to be zombies to protest a similar move by state education officials.
Elsewhere, more than 500 school boards in Texas - and several large school districts in Florida - have passed resolutions demanding a reduced focus on standardized tests.
“We are just seeing the very beginning of this testing revolt,” Jesse Hagopian, one of the dissenting teachers in Seattle, told Reuters.
“Maybe you can call it the ‘Teachers' Spring,'” he added.
The Seattle move has drawn support from education leaders, such as historian Diane Ravitch, and the nation's largest teacher unions.
“As soon as they use an ill-designed test to make a high-stakes decision on someone's employment, I believe it's going to be in court,” National Education Association President Dennis Van Roekel told Reuters.
After demonstrators gathered outside Seattle Town Hall to protest her appearance there last month, the featured speaker, former chancellor of Washington, D.C., public schools Michelle Rhee, expressed her continued support for high-stakes testing.
“For far too long in this country, there was no accountability,” Rhee said, later adding that collecting regular testing data was crucial to measuring student learning and should factor prominently in evaluations of teachers.
Outside Rhee's talk was Robert Murphy, a math teacher at a different Seattle high school that he said was rife with struggling students who need more instruction time.
“I know the glazed look in their eyes from the same test over and over,” he said.
When developing on a quad core processor with 16 gigabytes of RAM you can easily forget to consider how it will perform on a mobile device. This article will detail some best practices and things to consider for moving a game to Firefox OS or any similar hardware target.
Making the best of 256 Mb RAM/800 Mhz CPU
There are many areas of focus to keep in mind while developing a game. When your goal is to draw 60 times a second, garbage collection and inefficient drawing calls start to get in your way. Let's start with the basics…
Don't over-optimize
This might sound counter-intuitive in an article about game optimization but optimization is the last step; performed on complete, working code. While it's never a bad idea to keep these tips and tricks in mind, you don't know whether you'll need them until you've finished the game and played it on a device.
Optimize Drawing
Drawing on HTML5 2D canvas is the biggest bottleneck in most JavaScript games, as all other updates are usually just algebra without touching the DOM. Canvas operations are hardware accelerated, which can give you some extra room to breath.
Use whole-pixel rendering
Sub-pixel rendering occurs when you render objects on a canvas without whole values.
ctx. drawImage ( myImage , 0.3 , 0.5 ) ctx.drawImage(myImage, 0.3, 0.5)
This causes the browser to do extra calculations to create the anti-aliasing effect. To avoid this, make sure to round all co-ordinates used in calls to drawImage using Math.floor or as you'll reader further in the article, bitwse operators.
jsPerf – drawImage whole pixels.
Cache drawing in an offscreen canvas
If you find yourself with complex drawing operations on each frame, consider creating an offscreen canvas, draw to it once (or whenever it changes) on the offscreen canvas, then on each frame draw the offscreen canvas.
myEntity. offscreenCanvas = document. createElement ( “canvas” ) ; myEntity. offscreenCanvas . width = myEntity. width ; myEntity. offscreenCanvas . height = myEntity. height ; myEntity. offscreenContext = myEntity. offscreenCanvas . getContext ( “2d” ) ; myEntity. render ( myEntity. offscreenContext ) ; myEntity.offscreenCanvas = document.createElement(“canvas”); myEntity.offscreenCanvas.width = myEntity.width; myEntity.offscreenCanvas.height = myEntity.height; myEntity.offscreenContext = myEntity.offscreenCanvas.getContext(“2d”); myEntity.render(myEntity.offscreenContext);
Use moz-opaque on the canvas tag (Firefox Only)
If your game uses canvas and doesn't need to be transparent, set the moz-opaque attribute on the canvas tag. This information can be used internally to optimize rendering.
<canvas id = "mycanvas" moz-opaque > </canvas > <canvas id="mycanvas" moz-opaque></canvas>
Described more in Bug 430906 – Add moz-opaque attribute on canvas.
Scaling canvas using CSS3 transform
CSS3 transforms are faster by using the GPU. Best case is to not scale the canvas or have a smaller canvas and scale up rather than a bigger canvas and scale down. For Firefox OS, target 480 x 320 px.
var scaleX = canvas. width / window. innerWidth ; var scaleY = canvas. height / window. innerHeight ; var scaleToFit = Math . min ( scaleX , scaleY ) ; var scaleToCover = Math . max ( scaleX , scaleY ) ; stage. style . transformOrigin = "0 0" ; //scale from top left stage. style . transform = "scale(" + scaleToFit + ")" ; var scaleX = canvas.width / window.innerWidth; var scaleY = canvas.height / window.innerHeight; var scaleToFit = Math.min(scaleX, scaleY); var scaleToCover = Math.max(scaleX, scaleY); stage.style.transformOrigin = "0 0"; //scale from top left stage.style.transform = "scale(" + scaleToFit + ")";
See it working in this jsFiddle.
Nearest-neighbour rendering for scaling pixel-art
Leading on from the last point, if your game is themed with pixel-art, you should use one of the following techniques when scaling the canvas. The default resizing algorithm creates a blurry effect and ruins the beautiful pixels.
canvas { image-rendering : crisp-edges ; image-rendering : -moz-crisp-edges ; image-rendering : -webkit-optimize-contrast ; -ms-interpolation-mode : nearest-neighbor ; } canvas { image-rendering: crisp-edges; image-rendering: -moz-crisp-edges; image-rendering: -webkit-optimize-contrast; -ms-interpolation-mode: nearest-neighbor; }
or
var context = canvas. getContext ( ‘2d' ) ; context. webkitImageSmoothingEnabled = false ; context. mozImageSmoothingEnabled = false ; context. imageSmoothingEnabled = false ; var context = canvas.getContext(‘2d'); context.webkitImageSmoothingEnabled = false; context.mozImageSmoothingEnabled = false; context.imageSmoothingEnabled = false;
More documentation is available on MDN for image-rendering.
CSS for large background images
If like most games you have a static background image, use a plain DIV element with a CSS background property and position it under the canvas. This will avoid drawing a large image to the canvas on every tick.
Multiple canvases for layers
Similar to the last point, you may find you have some elements that are frequently changing and moving around whereas other things (like UI) never change. An optimization in this situation is to create layers using multiple canvas elements.
For example you could create a UI layer that sits on top of everything and is only drawn during user input. You could create game layer where the frequently updating entities exist and a background layer for entities that rarely update.
GitHub Gist
Don't scale images in drawImage
Cache various sizes of your images on an offscreen canvas when loading as opposed to constantly scaling them in drawImage.
jsPerf – Canvas drawImage Scaling Performance.
Be careful with heavy physics libraries
If possible, roll your own physics as libraries like Box2D don't perform well on low-end Firefox OS devices.
When asm.js support lands in Firefox OS, Emscripten-compiled libraries can take advantage of near-native performance. More reading in Box2d Revisited.
Use WebGL instead of Context 2D
Easier said than done but giving all the heavy graphics lifting to the GPU will free up the CPU for greater good. Even though WebGL is 3D, you can use it to draw 2D surfaces. There are some libraries out there that aim to abstract the drawing contexts.
Minimize Garbage Collection
JavaScript can spoil us when it comes to memory management. We generally don't need to worry about memory leaks or conservatively allocating memory. But if we've allocated too much and garbage collection occurs in the middle of a frame, that can take up valuable time and result in a visible drop in FPS.
Pool common objects and classes
To minimise the amount of objects being cleaned during garbage collection, use a pre-initialised pool of objects and reuse them rather than creating new objects all the time.
Code example of generic object pool:
GitHub Gist
Avoid internal methods creating garbage
There are various JavaScript methods that create new objects rather than modifying the existing one. This includes: Array.slice , Array.splice , Function.bind .
Read more about JavaScript garbage collection
Avoid frequent calls to localStorage
LocalStorage uses file IO and blocks the main thread to retrieve and save data. Use an in-memory object to cache the values of localStorage and even save writes for when the player is not mid-game.
Code example of an abstract storage object:
GitHub Gist
Async localStorage API with IndexedDB
IndexedDB is a non-blocking API for storing data on the client but may be overkill for small and simple data. Gaia's library to make localStorage API asynchronous, using IndexedDB is available on Github: async_storage.js.
Miscellaneous micro-optimization
Sometimes when you've exhausted all your options and it just won't go any faster, you can try some micro-optimizations below. However do note that these only start to make a difference in heavy usage when every millisecond counts. Look for them in your hot game loops.
Conclusion
Building for mobile devices and not-so-strong hardware is a good and creative exercise, and we hope you will want to make sure your games work well on all platforms!
Cardiff City FC are delighted to confirm the loan signing of Liam Feeney from Blackburn Rovers, subject to international clearance.
The 31-year old winger has signed a temporary agreement with the Bluebirds until Monday, 1st January 2018.
Feeney has been a regular feature at Millwall, Blackburn Rovers & Bolton Wanderers in recent seasons at Sky Bet Championship level, and even netted twice against City for the Trotters in 2014.
Neil Warnock said of the signing on Thursday evening: “Liam is a player that I've always liked and I think he'll enjoy playing for me.
“I think we needed a player of his quality to come in, especially with the injury we have to Kads at the moment. I'd like to thank the Board for allowing us to bring him on loan until the end of the year.”
Executive Director & CEO, Ken Choo, added: "On behalf of the Board, we're delighted to have Liam with us. I hope that he can help us achieve the goals that we've set for this season and we welcome him to Cardiff City Football Club."
Hear first from Cardiff City's deadline day signing on iFollow Cardiff City in the coming days!
Jorda has come under fire for her position at Lotus given her lack of results in the lower categories, with FIA Women in Motorsport commission head Michele Mouton in particular dismissing her credentials for the role.
In response, the 27-year-old said she was “surprised” by Mouton's comments, suggesting the former WRC winner should gain a better understanding of her programme before criticising.
Now Ecclestone, who has long been eager to see a female driver land a full-time F1 seat, has come out in Jorda's defence, praising her in particular for being “prepared to give up what it takes.”
Asked by Motorsport.com whether he felt Jorda was getting a hard time, Ecclestone said: “She is very good. We asked Lotus to see and she has done a good job for them.
“She wants to be in F1. We have to try to find the right way, but she is not alone. There are plenty of other people.
“I saw the American girl, Danica [Patrick, currently racing in NASCAR], and I said we would be able to do something for [IndyCar driver Simona] de Silvestro, but they don't want to come to Europe; they want to stay in America.
“So you have to get the person who has enough talent and wants to do it, and is prepared to give up what it takes.”
Not enough females racing
Ecclestone added that he hopes to unearth more female talent in the future, arguing that a lack of other women racing at a comparable level makes criticism of Jorda unfair.
“I would like to push hard, not just for Carmen but for other people that are probably out there,” said the 84-year-old.
“You have Miss World. It doesn't mean she is the best looking girl in the world. It means she is the best one who has been in the competition.
“She might not be the best, but she is in the competition. So we need to find out [who else is out there].”
Analyzing the conversation during the US Election Day
Donald Trump has been elected 45th president of the United States of America and the surprising outcome has been reflected on the conversation on social media.
We recently released a simple tool called Tarsier that uses machine learning to analyze the conversation around the US elections. You can try it out Tarsier here and learn more about the tool here.
General insights about the Election Day
Although the tool isn't real time (it updates every 24 hours), Tarsier has already analyzed hundreds of thousands of tweets on November 8th during the election day where we can observe some interesting insights.
For example, starting on November 7th, people started talking more positive than negative about the candidates, something very rare in the last 4 months of campaign, with Trump having better sentiment than Clinton (something that has been happening for a while):
If you compare this to the general sentiment happening on Twitter 1 month ago, Trump has come a long way and actually improved a lot the sentiment around him:
Insights about Donald Trump
If we analyze the most relevant keywords from the tweets made during the Election Day, we can see some interesting things. As an example, these are the keywords that appeared when people mentioned Donald Trump with a positive sentiment on Twitter:
As you can see, most people mentioning Trump were wishing him good luck, talking about making America great again (as expected) and making references to God.
These are some examples of the positive tweets made yesterday about Trump:
Although the machine learning makes some mistakes (sentiment analysis is really hard), it's a general overview to understand how people were tweeting about Trump with a positive sentiment.
In terms of negative tweets about Trump, we can see some interesting keywords by analyzing yesterday tweets, like people inciting to go and vote (to stop Trump from winning), people complaining by saying ‘fuck' or ‘shit' or ‘comedy show' (as a reaction to the preliminary results), people complaining about the ‘establishment politicians' and even people accusing the ‘rigged system':
Insights about Hillary Clinton
On the other hand, it's interesting to understand how people were talking about Hillary Clinton during the Election Day. Like Trump, when people were talking positive about Clinton, people were wishing her good luck. But also people were making references to the ‘first female president' and ‘making the right thing' and also asking people to go out and vote (again, an attempt to stop Trump from winning):
These are some of the positive tweets about Hillary Clinton made during the Election Day:
In contrast, people mentioning Hillary Clinton with a negative sentiment were talking about making a ‘symbolic protest vote' (probably against the political establishment), people complaining about the pollsters, people talking about having a ‘weird feeling' (maybe a hunch of what ended up happening), talking about corruption, insulting her and talking about the middle class:
These are some examples of negative tweets detected by Tarsier:
Again, some tweets like “All my American friends plz get up and vote against hate and intolerance! @HillaryClinton for president!” was detected as negative sentiment but in favor of Clinton. Sentiment analysis is hard, there's work to do to improve these cases, but still is a tool that can give us a general overview of what's happening.
Last words
Being such a historic moment, a tool like Tarsier can shed some light of what are some of the reactions and consequences of this result.
This year has proven to be a turbulent one; first the Brexit, then Colombian people voted to reject peace deal with the FARC and now Trump winning the US elections, a reflection of a massive shift in today's political landscape around the world.
It would be interesting to keep an eye on how the conversation evolves and check out Tarsier tomorrow in the morning (as we will have the analysis of today's tweets). At the end of the day, the elections are over but life goes on.
Asian Press Reporting US has Withdrawn from the TPP
Guest post by Joe Hoft
WikiLeaks has tweeted that the Asian Press is already reporting that the US has withdrawn from the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP).
Asian press reporting US has withdrawn from TPP. https://t.co/KaSordARO8 states that US will withdraw from TPP https://t.co/61FOG7LiHg — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) January 22, 2017
Trump stated in late November that the first thing he would do on his first day in office would be to pull out of the TPP. The TPP was expected to send more US jobs offshore and another major criticism is that the:
TPP will protect and guarantee profits for multinational corporations, at our expense. It gives corporations special rights to challenge U.S. laws or regulations that threaten the corporation's “future expected profits.” These challenges are heard in an overseas secret tribunal, not accountable to any government.
Getting out of the TPP can't come soon enough.
Nikkei reported:
Soon after President Donald Trump was sworn in, his administration announced the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade pact championed by former President Barack Obama and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The White House on Friday also wasted no time in declaring a renegotiation of the North Atlantic Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA. Trump is expected to take a more isolationist, protectionist stance, and the international community is concerned that the U.S. will continue to draw inward. Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the U.S. on Friday, repeating his campaign pledges of putting American interests first and restoring national glory to a deeply polarized public.
link
COLUMBUS, Ohio - After months of waiting and speculation, state regulators have decided who will grow medical marijuana in Ohio.
The Ohio Department of Commerce on Thursday announced 12 winners of "level I" cultivation licenses for up to 25,000 square feet of growing space.
Members of and advisers to the winning companies include Cleveland businessman Andy Rayburn (Buckeye Relief), Columbus developer Bill Schottenstein (Pure Ohio Wellness), Gov. John Kasich's former spokesman Chris Schrimpf (Cresco Labs) and investors in Ohio's 2015 failed marijuana legalization campaign Chris Stock and Brian Kessler (Riviera Creek Holdings), according to records released by the commerce department.
One company, CannAscend, is already threatening to challenge the results. CannAscend members Ian James and Jimmy Gould, who co-founded ResponsibleOhio and the 2015 marijuana legalization effort, said they uncovered "significant problems" with the application process.
"Our legal experts have uncovered several fatal flaws, and more are expected to be uncovered through discovery," Gould said in a news release.
The businesses awarded the licenses are:
Buckeye Relief LLC in Eastlake (179.28 points)
Grow Ohio Pharmaceuticals LLC in Newton Township (173.44 points)
OPC Cultivation LLC in Huron (173.28 points)
Riviera Creek Holdings LLC in Youngstown (172.72 points)
Pure Ohio Wellness LLC in Springfield (167.64 points)
Columbia Care OH LLC in Mt. Orab (167.08 points)
Terradiol Ohio LLC in Canton (165.48 points)
Standard Wellness Company LLC in Gibsonburg (161.28 points)
AT-CPC of Ohio LLC in Akron (161.28 points)
Cresco Labs Ohio LLC in Yellow Springs (159.80 points)
Parma Wellness Center LLC in Parma (153.08 points)
Harvest Grows LLC in Hamilton Township or Cleveland (142.04 points)
The businesses have nine months to fully comply with state law and regulations and receive a certificate of operation after a state inspection. Applicants were awarded up to 200 points based on their business, operations, quality assurance, security and financial plans.
Eleven companies were chosen two weeks ago for level II licenses for up to 3,000 square feet. The Department of Commerce announced a 12th licensee on Thursday, Farkas Farms LLC in Grafton.
Click here to see a map of all awarded cultivation licenses.
The late November award date means businesses will have to move quickly to set up shop, in some cases building multimillion-dollar facilities, in order to produce a first crop in time for the program's anticipated September 2018 start date.
Ohio's medical marijuana law allows people with up to 21 medical conditions to buy and use marijuana if recommended by a doctor. The law does not allow people to smoke marijuana or grow it at home.
State regulators have spent the last year establishing the rules and regulations for the restrictive program, including licensing marijuana growers, product manufacturers and dispensaries.
The department in June received 185 applications -- 76 for 12 tier II licenses and 109 for 12 tiers I licenses for up to 25,000 square feet of growing space. Most of the applicants were clustered around Ohio's large cities. Marijuana businesses can't be within 500 feet of a school, library, church or playground.
Map by Rich Exner, cleveland.com
Written by Patrick Howell O'Neill
Hackers allegedly linked to the Iranian government launched a digital espionage operation this month against more than 250 different Israel-based targets by using a recently disclosed and widely exploited Microsoft Word vulnerability, cybersecurity experts tell CyberScoop.
The hacking group, dubbed OilRig by security researchers and believed to be tied to Iranian intelligence services, utilized a software flaw in Word officially known as CVE-2017-0199 that allows attackers to execute a remote computer intrusion to take full control of a target device while leaving little or no trace, said Michael Gorelik, vice president of Israeli security firm Morphisec.
Over the last month, Morphisec has investigated the incident on behalf of multiple victims. Clients showed forensic evidence on their respective networks that could be linked back to OilRig. After its disclosure in March, CVE-2017-0199 was quickly exploited by nation-states and cybercriminals alike.
John Hultquist, ‎Director of Cyber Espionage Analysis at iSIGHT Partners, confirmed Morphisec's findings.
“We have recently seen these actors and [other] cyber espionage actors targeting Asia adopt CVE-2017-0199. The vulnerability was a proliferation issue before it was patched, and remains one now,” said Hultquist.
OilRig has been around since at least 2015, according to numerous security industry experts who have watched the group target Israeli networks repeatedly and with varying tactics.
To exploit the Microsoft Word vulnerability, a target must open or preview an infected Microsoft Office or WordPad file, which OilRig sent out in large numbers to hundreds of Israeli-based targets, including government agencies and officials. When opened, the attachment designed by OilRig would download the Hanictor trojan, a variant of fileless malware capable of bypassing most security and anti-virus protections.
CVE-2017-0199 was patched earlier this month by Microsoft after an extraordinary nine-month delay from when it was initially communicated to the company privately. Getting the vast ecosystem of Microsoft users to patch machines is a slow and unreliable process, however, so many often remain vulnerable after a patch is published.
Point of initial contact
“The OilRig campaign is a multi-stage kill chain meant to burrow into Israeli critical defense infrastructure,” said Tom Kellermann, CEO of D.C.-based venture capital firm Strategic Cyber Ventures. Kellerman is a major investor in TrapX, another cybersecurity firm that also detected and helped clients defend against the Iranian cyberattack.
The beginnings of the Iranian operation are believed to have started with a series of phishing emails sent to Ben Gurion University employees although it quickly expanded to include various Israeli technology and medical companies. Ben Gurion University is home to Israel's Cybersecurity Research Center, a scientific institute that develops sophisticated cyber capabilities.
Gorelik said an investigation is ongoing to better understand the full scope of damage caused by the hackers. His firm, Morphisec, posted technical analysis of the attack on Thursday morning.
Investigators were able to identify a series of command and control servers activated by the hackers on April 16, which were subsequently used to launch the offensive cyber operation, according to a notification published Wednesday by Israel's Computer Emergency Response Team. The first round of phishing emails were sent on April 19 and the last came on April 24. The malware-laden emails carried subject lines relating to nonexistent “resumes, exams and holiday plans,” said Gorelik.
Exploiting CVE-2017-0199 enables an attacker to download and execute a Visual Basic script containing PowerShell commands whenever a vulnerable user opens a document containing an embedded exploit, according to American cybersecurity firm FireEye. Malware payloads executed after the exploit can come from all manner of malware families.
FireEye previously found that various hackers — including both governments and cybercriminals — were using the same CVE-2017-0199 vulnerability to breach a wide array of different victims.
On April 11, researchers at FireEye described an attack exploiting CVE-2017-0199 this way:
A threat actor emails a Microsoft Word document to a targeted user with an embedded OLE2 embedded link object When the user opens the document, winword.exe issues a HTTP request to a remote server to retrieve a malicious HTA file The file returned by the server is a fake RTF file with an embedded malicious script Winword.exe looks up the file handler for application/hta through a COM object, which causes the Microsoft HTA application (mshta.exe) to load and execute the malicious script
“This kind of vulnerability is very rare,” Gorelik said. “There has been progress from this group. This is one of the more advanced fileless campaigns I've seen. It was a targeted, large campaign using quite a big infrastructure. It's fileless, so it's very hard to detect. They regenerated signatures on the endpoint each and every time for the trojan so it's very hard to remediate, identify or remove it.
He added, “this Iranian group is quite advanced I would say.”
The Iran-backed espionage campaign was first revealed in broad terms Wednesday through a vague press announcement issued by the Prime Minister's Office, claiming that Israel's newly formed Cyber Defense Authority helped to thwart the attack.
The attacks were “relatively well planned and took considerable resources. It is obvious that there was intelligence gathering prior to the attack and a careful selection of targets — in this case Israeli computing companies,” said Boaz Dolev, CEO of the Israeli security firm ClearSky in an interview with the Israeli newspaper Haaretz.
Chris Bing contributed to this report.
Last night was Matthew Weiner's seemingly seasonal "Don is sick and everything gets weird" episode of Mad Men. Here's a close look at what we saw and who we met—from "Dr. Feelgood" to the I Ching—and how it all compares to real life:
DR. FEELGOOD'S "VITAMIN B" SHOT
The doc in last night's episode that gave the staff the "vitamin" shots was likely based on the real life Dr. Feelgood. In real life, Dr. Feelgood was Max Jacobson, "a doctor who had invented a secret vitamin formula that gave people renewed energy and cured their pain." One of his patients was President John F. Kennedy, and the doc was given his nickname by his Secret Service detail. The formula was unsurprisingly less vitamin-based and much more methamphetamine-based—it's said to have had amphetamines, vitamins, painkillers, and human placenta in it. One viewer says Feelgood "was really running around Madison Avenue during the late 60s... giving speed shots."
Photo via DrFeelgoodBook.com
Jacobson was hooked on his shots, and became "increasingly bizarre" working 24-hour days. But in 1969, one of his clients, former Presidential photographer Mark Shaw, died at the age of 47. "An autopsy showed that Shaw had died of 'acute and chronic intravenous amphetamine poisoning.' The Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs seized Jacobson's supply and his medical license was revoked in 1975 by the New York State Board of Regents."
I CHING
Wendy the flower child is reading everyone's I Ching coins (she used bronze Chinese cash coins from the Song Dynasty). In the 1960s, the I Ching was all over pop culture: it showed up in the soap opera Dark Shadows, and in the Wonder Woman comic book (when an elderly mentor known as "I Ching" is introduced). And George Harrison, who composed The Beatles' "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" (recorded in 1968) said he "picked up a book at random, opened it, saw 'gently weeps,' then laid the book down again and started the song."
You can throw your own coins (instructions), or throw them virtually right here... but "if you don't take the I Ching seriously, it will not work."
ROSEMARY'S BABY
Sally is reading Rosemary's Baby, which was published in 1967 and was adapted to film the following year by Roman Polanski. (Is Sally Rosemary's Baby?) Part of the movie was filmed at The Dakota, off Central Park West... on the other side of the park from where Don and Megan live. The book likely added to Sally's unsettled feeling about the city following the incident with "Grandma Ida."
CARNEGIE DELI
There was at least one NYC restaurant reference, when a creative staffer declares: "Carnegie Deli has great soup." The deli, located at 854 7th Avenue (between 54th and 55th Streets), opened in 1937, and in the 1960s customer favorites were pastrami and corned beef (has anything changed?). The NY Times looked back at the city's delis a few years ago, noting, "In the 1960s there were 300 kosher delis in the city and suburbs and a Greater New York Delicatessen Dealers' Association. That group is long defunct, and you can count the number of marquee delis left in Manhattan on one hand: Carnegie, Katz's and Stage [ed. note: now closed], none of them kosher."
Egypt's military rulers have crushed the hopes of democracy protestors while being responsible for a "catalogue of abuses" which in some cases exceed those committed by the previous regime of former president Hosni Mubarak, Amnesty International has warned.
In a statement released in London Tuesday, the human rights group said the Supreme Council of Armed Forces (SCAF) in Egypt had "failed completely" to live up to promises on safeguarding human rights.
An Egyptian protester flashing the victory sign during clashes with Egyptian riot police in Cairo, Egypt, Monday, Nov. 21, 2011. AP
By using military courts to try thousands of civilians, cracking down on peaceful protest and expanding the remit of Mubarak's Emergency Law, the Council had continued "the tradition of repressive rule" which the demonstrators fought so hard to get rid of, said Philip Luther, Amnesty International's Middle East and North Africa Acting Director.
Protestors, journalists, bloggers or striking workers who challenged or criticized the council had been ruthlessly suppressed so that their voices would not be heard.
After nine months of military rule, the aims and aspirations of the Egyptian revolution had been "crushed," said Amnesty. "The brutal and heavy-handed response to protests in the last few days bears all the hallmarks of the Mubarak era," the statement said.
By August, the SCAF admitted that some 12,000 civilians across the country had been tried by military courts following grossly unfair trials, and at least 13 were sentenced to death, according to Amnesty.
It listed the case of Maikel Nabil Sanad, a blogger sentenced to three years in prison in April for criticizing the military and objecting to military service, as "symbolic."
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Scores of journalists and broadcasters had been summoned to appear before the military prosecutor in an attempt to suppress "negative media reporting" about the military, said Amnesty.
Twenty-eight people are believed to have been killed on 9 October after security forces dispersed a protest by Coptic Christians, said Amnesty.
The group said it had been told by medics that casualties included bullet wounds and crushed body parts, after people were run over by speeding armored vehicles.
Amnesty said it had received consistent reports that the security forces were employing armed thugs to attack protesters, something that had been a well-known practice under the previous regime.
Torture in detention also continued, said Amnesty, and promised investigations were not carried out. "No perpetrators of such abuses are known to have been brought to justice," it said.
What is Disability Tax Credit (DTC)?
We have been talking about Registered Disability Savings Plan (RDSP) for quite sometime. If you could still recall, in order to be eligible to setup a RDSP account, one must first qualify for the Disability Tax Credit (DTC).
The Disability Tax Credit is a non-refundable tax credit for Canadians who have prolonged physical or mental disability. On the Disability Tax Credit Certificate, “Prolonged” is defined as “An impairment is prolonged if it has lasted, or is expected to last, for a continuous period of at least 12 months”.
Here is a 3 minutes video from the CRA that talks about the Disability Tax Credit.
What Are The Benefits To Get The Disability Tax Credit Approved?
To lessen the financial stress for families with special needs, the DTC is designed to reduce the amount of income tax that the disabled person needs to pay to the government. However, in the case that the disabled person has very low income, this tax credit may be transferred to another person who is supporting him/her. Not only that, if the approval could be retroactive to earlier years, CRA will back-date and review all the tax returns for those period of time. In other words, you may be entitled to tax refunds from the preceding years. (Note that the farthest that could be retroactive is the later of 10 years or from the date of disability.)
Beside the eligibility to open up a RDSP account, getting the Disability Tax Credit approved also opens up the door to other disability assistance programs such as the Child Disability Benefits and Working Income Tax Benefit Disability Supplement.
Who Could Be Qualified For The Disability Tax Credit (DTC)?
I would suggest you to read through the Self-Assessment questionnaires on the application form first. This should give you a general idea what approval criteria they are looking for. Below are the Self-Assessment questionnaires:
Has your impairment in physical or mental functions lasted, or is it expected to last, for a continuous period of at least 12 months? Are you blind? Do you receive life-sustaining therapy? Do the effects of your impairment cause you to be markedly restricted (defined on the previous page) all or substantially all of the time (at least 90% of the time) in one or more of the following basic activities of daily living, even with the appropriate therapy, medication, and devices? speaking
hearing
walking
elimination (bowel or bladder functions)
feeding
dressing
mental functions necessary for everyday life
Note that you do NOT have to answer yes to all the above questions in order to get approved. Instead of guessing whether you could get approved or not, my advice is to take immediate ACTION and really go through the application process!
4 Easy Steps To Apply For the Disability Tax Credit
1) First, download the T2201 application (also known as Disability Tax Credit Certificate) from the CRA website (http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pbg/tf/t2201/t2201-16e.pdf)
2) The application contains two parts. You are required to complete Part A, which contains general personal information such as your name, address, gender, date of birth.
3) Part B is to be filled out and signed by a “qualified practitioner“. In the application, qualified practitioner could be a medical doctor, occupational therapist, optometrist, audiologist, physiotherapist, psychologist and speech-language pathologist.
4) When everything has been filled out, simply mail that to your tax service center. Locate the one that service in your province or territory, their addresses could be found on the last page of the application.
Should I Hire An Agency To Apply For The Disability Tax Credit?
That really depends on how much do you want to get involved during the application process. Most of my clients did manage to DIY, and got their approval without too much hassle. However, if you are uncomfortable dealing with this alone, and nothing would really happen unless someone is doing that for you, then perhaps hiring a third party to assist you during the process is not a bad idea. Just keep in mind when choosing an agency to work for you, make sure you understand what kind of services that they are providing, what are their fee structures, and try to look for their customer reviews. I'm sure that could be found easily online nowadays.
Awhile ago, I had a discussion in an online forum for families with special needs. This is what I asked: “Can anyone share their experience in applying for the disability tax credit? I have clients who had used an agency before and also DIY during the entire process…” Below are the responses:
Response #3: “
How Long Will The Approval Process Take?
Although it varies from case to case, most of my clients do get a response from the CRA within 6-8 weeks. To check the status of your application, you may call the Canada Revenue Agency at 1-800-959-8281. If it is difficult for you to communicate over the phone due to the disability, you may consider filling out a T1013 form to authorize another person to call on behalf of you. You could find more details about authorizing or cancelling a representative at :http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pbg/tf/t1013/README.html
What Should I Do After The Disability Tax Credit Is Approved?
Once you're approved, you should receive a letter called “Notice of Determination” stating which specific years you are eligible for DTC. If there are years that the Disability Tax Credit could be retroactive, you should contact the CRA to request adjustments on your tax returns. This may bring you tax refunds from the preceding years. If there are other benefits that you believe you might be entitled to, (i.e. Child Disability Benefits), you should also contact those departments.
Where Could I Obtain More Details About The Disability Tax Credit?
You may visit the Canada Revenue Agency website for more details: (http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/tx/ndvdls/tpcs/ncm-tx/rtrn/cmpltng/ddctns/lns300-350/316/menu-eng.html) or give them a call at 1-800-959-8281. I just called them around 3:00pm today (Aug 11, 2014), their wait time wasn't that long, and they were being very helpful too. Of course, I also welcome you to contact me, I'll try my best to assist you.
What is the next step after the DTC? Click here to find out
Medical marijuana is needed by seriously ill patients
The federal government is waging war on some of our most vulnerable citizens, who Washington voters have acted to protect. Soon, our congressional representatives will have the chance to stand up for those people -- seriously ill patients who need medical marijuana.
This is an issue we both know personally. One of us is a physician and researcher specializing in rehabilitation medicine and neuromuscular diseases such as ALS ("Lou Gehrig's disease"). The other is a cancer survivor who got through the nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy with the help of marijuana, and who has again found relief with marijuana from the chronic pain caused by injuries in a car accident.
We have seen that medical marijuana safely helps some patients who get no relief from conventional medications. Washington voters did the right thing when we passed our medical marijuana law a decade ago. A dozen states now have similar laws, and none have been repealed.
Meanwhile, medical community support continues to solidify. New studies have documented marijuana's ability to relieve nerve pain caused by HIV/AIDS, multiple sclerosis and other conditions. In February, the American College of Physicians -- representing 124,000 oncologists, neurologists and other doctors of internal medicine -- released a position paper declaring that the scientific evidence "supports the use of medical marijuana in certain conditions."
The ACP specifically called on the federal government to reclassify marijuana to permit medical use, but our government simply refuses. Federal officials have arrested patients and caregivers who were following state medical marijuana laws, and could make more such arrests any time.
That's why Congress must act.
In its 2005 case, Gonzales v. Raich, the U.S. Supreme Court punted the issue to Congress. The court declined to change the status quo, under which patients protected by state law can still face federal prosecution. But Justice John Paul Stevens, writing for the majority, went out of his way to note that patients Angel Raich and Diane Monson had made "strong arguments that they will suffer irreparable harm, because, despite a congressional finding to the contrary, marijuana does have valid therapeutic purposes." He's pointedly expressing hope that Raich, Monson and their supporters "may one day be heard in the halls of Congress."
That chance will come this month.
When the appropriations bill that funds the Justice Department reaches the House floor, an amendment will be offered that seeks to bar the department from using any of its money to attack medical marijuana patients in states where medical use is legal. Called the Hinchey-Rohrabacher amendment after sponsors Maurice Hinchey, D-N.Y., and Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., the amendment has been proposed in each of the past several sessions and has steadily gained support.
Washington's representatives have been oddly inconsistent. Reps. Jay Inslee and Jim McDermott have been supporters every year, while Dave Reichert has voted no since he joined Congress in 2005. Reps. Rick Larsen, Norm Dicks and Adam Smith have all voted yes at least twice, but Larsen switched to no in 2005 and Smith voted no last year.
Perhaps they remember how well "I voted for it before I voted against it" worked for Sen. John Kerry in 2004.
But the tide is turning. The medical community is increasingly united, and presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama says it's time to end the federal war on state medical marijuana laws.
That's encouraging, but we don't need to wait for a new president. Washington's congressional representatives should stand up for Washington patients and support the Hinchey-Rohrabacher amendment.
They say love knows no boundaries, but young lovers looking to reach new heights in their relationship would do best to avoid Yao Mountain scenic spot in Central China's Henan province.
A warning board reading "Be cautious, it is risky to conduct intimate behavior aloft" has been posted at the boarding port of a ropeway to the cable cars.
A warning board reading "Be cautious, it is risky to conduct intimate behavior aloft" is seen at the boarding port of a ropeway to the cable cars at Yao Mountain scenic spot in Central China's Henan province, April 27.[Photo/CFP]
The board was installed to warn young lovers, especially those born after 1990s, not to get too intimate when riding the cable cars, to avoid accidents.
The move followed a widely circulated online video of a young couple tightly embracing each other and falling in a passionate kiss on the cable car.
But the warning words and lovemaking sign has sparked a mixed backlash and a wave of controversy.
One micro-blogger Laolushu voiced support to sign saying that such behavior needs to be managed and nobody wants their children to see this at such an early age. An opinion echoed by many. However, others alleged it was a publicity stunt by the scenic spot to arouse some form of attention.
Vice President Joe Biden just can't help being Joe Biden when he travels across this great country of ours. During a trip to Arizona this week, he sat himself down next to a young woman and did his best to convince her to sign up for Obamacare. The only problem? She was visiting from Canada.
The best part of this local news piece on the latest inadvertent Biden gaffe comes when 3TV News interviewed the woman, identified only as “Jackie, Visiting from Canada,” who basically said she felt bad for the vice president.
“I just didn't know if I should say, ‘I'm sorry, [I'm] Canadian, don't know if I can help you out, or…” she told the news station. But that doesn't mean she's against the United States embracing a health care system that comes closer to what Canadians have in her home country “He's for it and I'm for it and I hope it works out here,” she added helpfully.
Well, at least he's trying.
Watch video below, via KTVK News:
[photo via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Matt Wilstein (@TheMattWilstein) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Titan Atlas and D B Pace, which are named as defendants in the suit, have rejected the claims.
Donald Trump Jr., who along with his brother Eric is expected to run the Trump Organization when their father becomes president, did not respond to written questions from The New York Times. A lawyer for the Trump Organization, Alan Garten, said the younger Mr. Trump was only a “passive investor” in Titan Atlas and was never involved with D B Pace or the management of the North Charleston property.
Mr. Cohen, who in his capacity as a D B Pace executive signed the company's application to the South Carolina program, did not respond to an email seeking his responses.
Mr. Boyd, the environmental lawyer, said a decision about D B Pace's ability to use the state program would require an extensive legal analysis. But he added that any ties between Donald Trump Jr., Titan Atlas, D B Pace and the Trump Organization could complicate or violate the affiliation issue.
A decision by South Carolina officials could have significant legal and financial consequences. If the voluntary cleanup agreement is approved, the costs incurred by D B Pace would probably be minimal because its environmental obligations would be limited to controlling the spread of existing pollution on the property. But if regulators reject the agreement, the Trump affiliate could bear legal responsibility for damage caused by previous occupants, including Titan Atlas.
Titan Atlas, which manufactured precast construction panels at the North Charleston site, never applied to take part in the state's voluntary cleanup program. On a recent day, the property was littered with rusting equipment and rotting chemical drums. The factory on the site once functioned as a Lockheed Martin plant that made aircraft adhesives.
In a public notice issued in May, the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control said that D B Pace planned to develop the property for warehousing and/or manufacturing.
April 23, 2015
Erstwhile bitcoin ATM-maker Robocoin has announced that it is exiting that business with the launch of Romit, a global cash remittance solution powered by the company's Romit Cashier app.
The app will enable any Romit-enabled kiosk, ATM, or human cashier to send a customer's money domestically or abroad in any currency, the company said in an announcement, asserting that Romit is "the cheapest and fastest global cash remittance solution, targeting micro-remittances under $200."
In essence, the solution converts cash to bitcoin via a Romit service provider and then unlike fiat currency, and then transmits it to any place in the world almost instantly using the digital currency's block chain technology, and without the intervention of a bank.
Recipients receive funds directly to their Romit (formerly Robocoin) Wallet. They may then convert funds into their home country's currency or leave it in the Romit Wallet until needed.
"We've removed the hidden fee of foreign exchange pricing in favor of a flat 4 percent," the announcement said. "Sending $20 with Romit costs 80 cents, whereas the market leaders charge $5 to $10. We are the first 'bitcoin' company to provide a cash end-to-end solution that keeps the complexities of bitcoin behind the scenes while leveraging its strengths."
The service will allow Robocoin ATM operators, entrepreneurs, money transmitters, pawn shop networks, and others to enter the huge and growing remittance business "in a big way," the company said:
It hasn't been a good week for America's endangered species. The Trump administration has been taking aim at protections for some of the country's most vulnerable creatures: Last week, it was the imperiled sage grouse; this week, it's endangered whales and sea turtles off the Pacific Coast.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's fisheries division announced on Monday that it is tossing out a pending rule meant to protect marine mammals and sea turtles, including several endangered species, from swordfishing gill nets off the West Coast.
Environmental experts are calling the move a declaration of “war” by the Trump administration against threatened marine life.
“The Trump administration has declared war on whales, dolphins and turtles off the coast of California,” Todd Steiner, director of the California-based Turtle Island Restoration Network, told the Los Angeles Times. “This determination will only lead to more potential litigation and legislation involving this fishery. It's not a good sign.”
Proposed in 2015 by the Pacific Fishery Management Council, which includes representatives from the fishing industry, tribal representatives, federal and state officials and other conservation experts, the gill net rule sought to impose a cap on the number of marine mammals and turtles that could be killed or injured by the long, near-invisible gill nets used to catch swordfish. Some of the animals covered by the rule are endangered fin, humpback, and sperm whales, common bottlenose dolphins and endangered leatherback and loggerhead sea turtles.
Under the proposed regulation, gill net fishing for swordfish would have been banned for up to two years if too many marine mammals and turtles were caught in the nets as by-catch.
According to The Associated Press, the rule would have applied to 20 fishing vessels or fewer operating off the coast of California. But the rule could have had a profound effect on sea life.
Gill net fishing poses a grave threat to marine mammals and other creatures. Citing NOAA data, the nonprofit Center for Biological Diversity said last year that the California-based gill net fishery targeting swordfish “catches and discards more than 100 protected whales, dolphins, seals and sea lions each year, in addition to thousands of sharks and other fish.”
“This fishery kills more whales and dolphins than any other fishery off the U.S. West Coast and Alaska combined,” the organization said in 2014.
JOSE CABEZAS/Getty Images A baby olive ridley turtle. The gill net rule would have protected olive ridley sea turtles off the Pacific Coast, as well as other marine turtles like the leatherback sea turtle and loggerhead sea turtle.
NOAA said this week that it had decided to scrap the gill net rule after discovering that “the costs of the protections far outweighed the benefits,” the Los Angeles Times reported.
Michael Milstein, a NOAA spokesman, cited economic reasons for the decision, saying the rule would have had “a much more substantial impact on the [gill net fishing] fleet than we originally realized,” according to the AP.
He added that the swordfish fishery has already implemented several protective measures, including attaching sound warnings to fishing nets, to reduce the risk of by-catch. The number of whales, dolphins and sea turtles killed by fishing nets had significantly decreased since the early 1990s, Milstein said.
Environmental groups rejected NOAA's reasoning, however.
Steiner, of Turtle Island Restoration Network, noted that falling by-catch figures could also be attributed to the decline of the gill net fishing fleet in California, which has dropped from 129 vessels in 1994 to just 20 vessels or fewer in 2016.
Katherine Kilduff, an attorney with the Center for Biological Diversity, stressed that even if by-catch numbers are decreasing, gill nets continue to kill and injure many species, including endangered leatherback turtles and humpback whales.
Given the low numbers of some of these populations, every single death or injury is significant. The Pacific leatherback turtle, for example, is the world's most endangered marine turtle, with as few as 2,300 adult females left in the wild.
Good Science
1. Apple falls on Newton's head.
2. Newton discovers Law of Universal Gravitation.
Bad Science
1. Apple falls on Newton's head.
2. Newton publishes the following paper:
On the Impact of a 0.12 kg Apple with the Head
Isaac Newton
Abstract. We have carried out an experimental study to determine quantitatively the risks faced by people standing under an apple tree. The Collision Induced Pain (CIP) produced by a 0.12 kg apple on the head was measured.
Introduction. Since the early days of Creation, Man has been interested in apples [1]. Its nutritive properties [2] as well as its potential toxicity have been thoroughly discussed [3]. More recently, apples have found important technological applications [4]. However, little attention has been given to the critical issue of the risks faced by the eventual fruit picker who approaches the branches of an apple tree.
Experimental procedure and results. An experiment was carried out to determine the effect of an apple falling on the head. The experimental setup is sketched in Fig. 1. The experimenter sat under an apple tree for five consecutive days and different intervals of time ∆t (Table 1). On the fifth day an apple fell on the experimenter's head from a distance d=1.8±0.1 metres. The mass of the apple was found to be M=0.12±0.01 kg. Immediately after the collision the experimenter reported a mild discomfort that decreased exponentially with time as he rubbed his hand against the Apple Impact Area (AIA).
On a scale of 0 to 10, the Collision Induced Pain (CIP) was rated as 2.3±0.1 (Fig. 2) and it decreased down to negligible values after a time τ=14.6±0.5 seconds. Some authors suggest that a more vigorous rubbing on the AIA would reduce substantially the Pain Relaxation Time (PRT) [5], although this theory has been highly disputed. No structural damage was observed in the experimenter's skull.Conclusion. A quantitative determination of the effect of an apple falling on the head was carried out for the first time. A 0.12 kg apple falling on the experimenter's head from a distance of 1.8 metres was found to produce a CIP of 2.3±0.1 arbitrary units. A future development of this work includes the measurement of the CIP induced by apples of different mass and investigating the collision with pears. These studies will be carried out as soon as the author finds a PhD student as he is not very keen on repeating the experience himself.Acknowledgments. The author thanks the University of Cambridge (UK) for providing the apple tree.[1] Adam et al., Eden J. Nat. Hist. 1, 1 (8000 BC).[2] Granny Smith, “1000 recipes with apples”, Orchard Publishers, Appleville, 1964.[3] S. White and Seven Coauthors, J. Appl. Witchcraft A: Poisons 7, 2345 (1532).[4] Macintosh et al., J. Hort. Comput. 52, 2167 (1973).[5] Mrs. Newton, private communication.This Zero Gravity was contributed by Ricardo Torres of Imperial College. Since it is, essentially, a work of fiction, we hope our readers will indulge the author and forgive certain anachronisms and historical inaccuracies (e.g., the metric system had not been invented in Newton's time, and the apple tree was in Newton's home town of Woolsthorpe, not Cambridge).
MANILA – Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Piñol has acknowledged that the country could feel a pinch in rice supply later this year, but would rather that importing rice to fill the gap be left to the private sector.
According to data gathered by Piñol's office from the International Rice Research Institute, the expected shortfall in 2017 could range from 500,000 to 800,000 metric tons. This compares with 1.8 million m.t. in previous years, a decline that officials partly trace to lower consumption of rice by Filipino consumers.
Despite the foreseen shortfall for the year, Piñol stressed that the supply for now is still sufficient, and the gap is only as far as the buffer stock is concerned.
The DA chief said he has recommended importation to President Duterte, in order to stabilize the price of rice. If the 2017 shortfall were to be addressed, however, it is better in Piñol's view to leave the importing to the private sector to avoid bloating the financial burden of the National Food Authority (NFA).
He has also recommended that in future harvests, the government should buy from local farmers to beef up a buffer stock that's good for six months, and avoid the shortage.
“We have to admit there is still a shortfall of about 500,000 to 800,000 metric tons every year and that's for 2017. Now, that volume of rice should be imported,” Piñol said Friday.
“If the intention of government is to import or beef up buffer stock to respond to calamities and abnormal increases of price of rice in specific areas, the best option would be NFA importing. If you allow the private sector to import, rice [that] would be imported by the private sector would go to private warehouses and government won't have possession. How will they have possession?”
Piñol added that if “the intention is to fill up the shortfall for this year,” then the best option is to “let the private sector do it.”
This option, he said, “should apply for this procurement.” He said he recommended this last April 26 to the President.
In India, Piñol noted, the government buys palay produce of farmers during the start of the harvest season to stock up for 6 months. “This is the same proposal I have recommended to President [Duterte]. Why should NFA import rice? Let NFA buy local produce if the intention is to come up with a buffer stock.”
Eventually, he said, “NFA would no longer be indebted because it will avoid uncessary expenses.”
Update: For more on how you can work around Wikipedia corruption and bullying, see Partnership with WikiMANNia.
Wikipedia has a problem. And that's a problem that affects the whole world.
Wikipedia is now the #1 reference resource on the Internet. Whether you love this fact or hate it, it will not stop being a fact any time soon. And unfortunately, in recent years numerous groups with resources and willpower have emerged to tromp minority voices on Wikipedia, a problem which has only worsened with time.
It used to be that with Wikipedia, all you had to worry about were errors written by people who didn't know what they were talking about. Nowadays you don't just have to contend with mistakes on Wikipedia, though. You also have to contend with overt censorship, bullying, and ideological thuggery–all of it invisible on the front pages of Wikipedia, but which can be seen on Talk, Revision, and Blacklist pages all over Wikipedia, by the people who control what the general public sees on the front pages.
While this rarely happens on noncontroversial issues (you can for example probably trust Wikipedia to tell you accurately what actor appeared in a film), if an area is remotely controversial and one side of an argument has financial and human resources the other side does not, the censorship becomes undeniable.
One of the areas where this is an acute problem is Wikipedia's grossly discriminatory practices on men's rights issues; they tromp the Men's Human Rights perspective whenever possible, while bending over backwards to accommodate Gender Feminist ideologues. These feminist ideologues frequently and often hatefully tromp dissent and insert gynocentric gender ideology all over Wikipedia, poisoning much of Wikipedia‘s content.
For just one example, you should see the way they blacklist, censor, block, and vandalize the A Voice for Men page, accusing anyone who even tries to help on that page of working for AVfM, often undoing work to improve that page–work done by people we've never even heard of, who are just, in Wikipedia spirit, trying to help. This is clearly being done by Wikipedia editors with an axe to grind, using ever-shifting Wikilawyering to get away with erasing, reverting, and otherwise undoing the work of people who are just trying to contribute what is clearly accurate, encyclopedic information. They've even used the Wikipedia spam blacklist, meant to protect against spammers, and turned it into an HUAC-style blacklist instead, blocking AVfM out of pure malice; while the excuse they use is that years ago some people were inserting AVfM links inappropriately in some articles (and by the way, if we caught anyone doing that we'd ban them from AVfM forever), they have consistently refused any and all requests from any parties to remove us from the blacklist or at least add us to the whitelist on articles that are directly relevant to the prominent people who have contributed articles to A Voice for Men, or to the issues we examine. You can't even add articles Erin Pizzey has written on A Voice for Men on Erin Pizzey's page, or things Warren Farrell or Miles Groth have written on AVfM to their respective Wikipedia pages, because AVfM is blacklisted. We have articles written by distinguished historians, social scientists, and other academics, but their work cannot even be cited if it's published here. Even though these people have Wikipedia entries, you can't point readers to articles they've penned here. Hell, you can't even link AVfM itself on AVfM's own page because it's blacklisted. We were not even allowed to type out the url of the web site, a Wikipedia editor reverted and and declared that since AVfM is blacklisted, even a non-hyperlinked reference to where to find us on the web was censored.
Even more delightfully, they reject, automatically, any objections by anyone affiliated with a site that's been put on their McCarthyite blacklist. Indeed, when we first tried a private protest, then published a complaint about the Wikipedia censorship, the wikilawyering rationalizers used that as further proof we needed to be blacklisted: how dare we complain in public about being censored! This is still more proof we must be censored!
Can you get more Orwellian?
But let's be clear, it's not just AVfM: These Wikipedian ideologues who abuse their power (like those who run the Wikipedia Feminist Task Force) also often harass those who try to run the Men's Rights Portal, having kept the Men's Rights portal on probation for years, jumping on any excuse to portray anyone friendly to the movement as violent, dangerous, harassing, threatening, and so on. It's to the point where most Wikipedians interested in the subject of men's human rights just give up. Even adding prominent and important sites like Anti-Misandry, The Spearhead, Toy Soldiers, and other important sites will run you into static–although, quelle surprise, the Good Men Project and other feminist web sites with much less traffic and prominence than AVfM get a free pass all over Wikipedia. Even notorious discredited faux-journalist Dave Futrelle's site isn't blacklisted, despite his multiple documented cases of journalistic dishonesty, quoting people out of context, spinning their words, outright lying, and other hatemongering.
Still, as someone who's been a Wikipedia editor for about 10 years (my first recorded edit was in 2004 I believe), I find all this shameful. Yes, Wikipedia has always been imperfect, but in the early days I never believed it would become a site dominated by ideological thugs. But that's exactly what it's become. Not just in the Men's Rights arena, but in any area where people with an ideological axe to grind and the resources to quash dissent are available. The Wikipedia Feminst Project, giving students credit just for inserting their ideology all over Wikipedia, is a symptom of a larger problem: Wikipedia, a project I used to love and hold dear, can't defend itself from those who wish to subvert it and who have the resources to quash dissent. Nor can it defend itself against anonymous users who will engage in “well-poisoning,” saying batshit stupid things pretending to represent a certain point of view to make that viewpoint look crazy and thus justify a ban on anyone else expressing those views. Apparently, that kind of sock-puppeting isn't something Wikipedians even want to quash.
There is no point in protesting Wikipedia's censorship on Wikipedia; indeed, gender ideologues who hate us will often go in there, pretend to be one of us, and do that exact thing to make us look bad.
No, the path to resistance to censorship is nonviolence, and creating alternative resources.
So, in the light of this ongoing censorship of men's rights (and other) issues, and dominance by hateful Gender Feminist dogma that's infected Wikipedia, AVfM has been working diligently to try to combat it with other resources. The truth is, there have been numerous efforts in the English-speaking world to create alternative wikis with information and viewpoints Wikipedia censors. Most have failed to get more than a little traction. Still, we have to try.
One way you can help is with the AVfM Reference Wiki. Now that wiki is meant to contain mostly just primary research references, but you can help expand it; all you have to do is sign up here and then after you have your account go here and request permissions to add content. (Does that process sound complicated? Well it is, to prevent vandalism, and also, if you can't figure out how to sign up for an account and then after that just go and ask for permission to add content, explaining who you are and why you want to help, well, how serious can you be?) And by the way, we aren't just looking for people to volunteer to add information, clean up typos and grammar, etc. We're also looking for a volunteer to actually take the lead on the AVfM Reference Wiki, making a point of monitoring it regularly, figuring out how to organize content, etc. If you're at all interested in that, please leave a comment or drop me a note.
The AVfM Reference Wiki is, however, limited in scope: we want to keep it restricted primarily to strong fact-based, verifiable empirical information, and as free from opinions, speculations, or general debates or etiquette or whimsy. We want it to be useful for activists trying to make their case to a skeptical public, getting them information that's hard to find elsewhere.
But what about issues like terminology, history, debates within the movement, and so on? Also, what about non-English speaking Men's Rights Activism? We are a movement that is global and are getting involved with people who speak many languages other than English. What about them?
Well we have an alternative project on this that will be announced within the next day or two. So watch this space. In the meantime, if you think you can help on the AVfM Reference Wiki, adding to the body of scientific, fact-based, primary reference material, please follow the steps above and pitch in, we definitely need more help, including leadership help, there. And if you want to get involved in an international effort to cover more than just the dry science, and to help Men's advocates from around the world with a general-purpose Men's Rights Movement wiki in multiple languages, you'll be pleased to see the upcoming announcement. So stay tuned!
Its like Bax told us 100 years ago:
When, however, the bluff is exposed… then the apostles of feminism, male and female, being unable to make even a plausible case out in reply, with one consent resort to the boycott, and by ignoring what they cannot answer, seek to stop the spread of the unpleasant truth so dangerous to their cause. The pressure put upon publishers and editors by the influential Feminist sisterhood is well known.
Wikipedia is now bunk. Time to work around them.
Update: For more on how you can work around Wikipedia corruption and bullying, see Partnership with WikiMANNia.
View Apart/Shutterstock
Our in life doesn't depend entirely on having a close relationship, but it is definitely enhanced by having bonds that are both healthy and close. If it seems as though yours aren't working as well as you'd like them to, it's possible that with some minor adjustments you can get things back on track.
Research in the area of close relationships and well-being is one of the fastest-growing fields in psychology. We even know that close relationships matter for , as my University of Massachusetts colleague Paula Pietromonaco has shown in a recent publication with Bert Uchino and Christine Dunkel-Schetter (2013). With the benefit of several long-term studies that have followed both successful and unsuccessful couples over time, we now know about some of the most common challenges that people face. By catching problems early enough, you can overcome these challenges before they take on insurmountable proportions.
1. Taking your partner for granted to an unhealthy degree.
As relationships mature, there's a tendency to assume that it's fine to let the normal niceties of life slip and slide. Some of this is normal, appropriate, and even relationship-building. However, from time to time it doesn't hurt to reflect on what life would be like without your partner. What would this mean for your everyday existence, your overall well-being, and your thoughts about your future happiness? Once you start to formulate a picture of yourself without your partner, this image might help you take the extra step to show your partner affection, interest, and concern, if only for a moment. It's too easy to dismiss the people you're closest to because you expect them to be there no matter what. By doing so, they may very well seek out people who will give them the're not getting from you.
2. Taking your partner too little for granted.
It's not a good idea to ignore your partner, but it's also not productive for the relationship if you constantly worry about whether he or she really cares about you. People who are anxiously attached become so clingy and dependent that they can drive their partners away through their excessive need for affection and reassurance. After you and your partner establish your commitment to each other, it shouldn't be necessary for you to keep questioning and wondering whether your partner honestly cares. Even if you haven't reached the commitment stage, you should be able to tell from “behavioral” data whether he or she cares about you. Such data can include not forgetting to call or text you, being courteous and doing you favors, and being nice to the people you care about. If not these signs, there may very well be others specific to your relationship that, if you notice carefully, indicate how much he or she does care for you, which in turn should help you become less about the relationship.
3. Letting the boundaries slip around your relationship.
Within a close relationship of any type, there are bound to be secrets. Letting others into your private world, even if seems perfectly harmless, can erode your partner's feelings of trust in you and your relationship. If your partner finds out, he or she will feel betrayed or even humiliated. For example, let's suppose you tell a relative that your partner doesn't care for his boss. Now let's say also that it's unlikely that your relative and your partner's boss would ever meet. But there's always a random chance. In addition, what if your relative forgets that this is a secret and mentions it in conversation? Or, even worse case scenario, what if the secret leaks out on through someone's oversharing? It will be clear that you were the source of the information. Your partner may never even find out that you've been tattling, but the fact that you've done so can put your relationship in jeopardy nevertheless. You might start to worry about having opened your mouth and over time start to feel and anxious, emotions that can become troubling and problematic over time.
4. Complaining about your partner to everyone except your partner.
We all can imagine ways to remake our long-term partners. Rather than let your partner know, however, you might mistakenly share your unhappiness with anyone who will listen. Apart from leaking secrets in the relationships (#3 above), such tendencies can become counter-productive on their own. Most obviously, by not telling your partner directly what's bothering you, it's unlikely that your partner would know that you'd like to see some changes made in his or her behavior. Less obvious is the fact that by constantly focusing on what's bothering you, it will be harder for you to see the good in your partner. Those negative ideas about your partner's minor annoyances can gather momentum over time, and before long, even prevent you from seeing your partner's other admirable and endearing qualities.
5. Turning on the switch.
There are innumerable ways to be passive-aggressive in a close relationship. Everything from “forgetting” to do something you'd rather not, to agreeing with a suggestion that you never follow…the list is virtually endless. You may think it's safer not to object outwardly to a request or disagree with something your partner says but once again, by not letting your partner know how you really feel, you're closing off a route of communication. Not all passive-aggressive behaviors are conscious, of course. Your forgetting to do your partner a favor, such as setting the bedroom alarm in time for an early morning appointment, could be due to the fact that you'd rather in than have to wake up at the crack of dawn. However, it might mean that you're upset over the reason your partner has to get up so early, whether it's to catch an early plane or to go take the ex's children to day care. If you're engaging in behavior like this, and it's not typical of you (i.e. you're usually very organized), you might take some time to reflect on what's really bothering you and then discuss it honestly with your partner.
6. Constantly questioning your relationship.
Do you sit around wondering whether you and your partner will still be together next week, next month, or next year? Are you afraid to jinx your relationship by doing or thinking the wrong thing? Do you take signs of preoccupation expressed by your partner as evidence of his or her disinterest in you? As I discussed above, it's good to take your partner for granted somewhat. However, this is a slightly different twist on that point. Questioning your relationship means that you doubt it will last, and therefore may be less likely to feel comfortable about commitments you make about the future. If you're always looking for a “Plan B,” your partner may sense this and the relationship's future demise could then become a likely prospect.
7. Not taking your partner seriously enough.
When you think about the important people and aspects to your life, what rank would you give your partner? Do your children come first? How about your work buddies or your in general? It may be very logical and understandable to put your children first, for example, because depending on their age and stage in life, they need you. There are also different qualities to our compared to our relationships with children or other family members ( , siblings, and so on). In reality, there's no need to decide who's more important. By playing this thought experiment, though, you can gain insight into where your partner fits into your overall life . If there's a huge mental gap between your kids, job, , or other people and involvements, it's likely your partner experiences this undervaluing. Again, looking toward those behavioral signs, if you're at a social gathering, see if you drop your partner in favor of others, leaving at the end of the evening without having exchanged more than a word or two. Even if your partner doesn't admit to feeling snubbed, this lack of attentiveness will be experienced as rejection and over time, detract from your partner's feelings toward you.
8. Giving up on your partner.
Everyone goes through challenges, whether it's losing a job, suffering from health problems, or dealing with an . It's at those difficult times that your partner needs your good cheer and support, but it's also at those times when you may be feeling the most . Without having to cover up your concern and feign a Pollyana-ish , it's more important than ever at those times that you hang in there and allow your partner to feel that he or she will come out of this trying time. Your and support not only will, can help ease your partner's pain, but may be just what's needed to help your partner summon up the resources to overcome the challenge.
9. Feeling hopeless.
Apart from individual challenges that your partner may be confronting, couples also face their own sets of difficulties. The list of possible reasons to feel hopeless can range from someone's , differences in personalities, lifestyles, and values, or just simple misunderstandings that mushroom into out-and-out warfare. If you allow yourself to give up on the situation, you'll be far less likely to put the emotional investment into the steps you'll need to follow for relationship repair. People develop hopelessness toward their relationship through a set of distortions, such as believing what's bad now will always be bad, that life “should” be worry-free, and that minor disagreements reflect basic underlying flaws in the couple's prospects for true intimacy. Catch yourself before these cognitive distortions take hold, and you'll be more likely to focus on what's good rather than bad about your relationship.
There are many factors that go into building long-term relationships to ensure that they remain long-term. Avoiding these common nine traps are a great way to start keeping yours healthy for years into the future.
Follow me on Twitter @swhitbo for daily updates on psychology, health, and . Feel free to join my Facebook group, "Fulfillment at Any Age," to discuss this blog, or to ask further questions.
Copyright Susan Krauss Whitbourne, Ph.D. 2014
Reference
Pietromonaco, P. R., Uchino, B., & Dunkel Schetter, C. (2013). Close relationship processes and health: Implications of theory for health and disease. Health Psychology, 32, 499-513. doi: 10.1037/a0029349
A snow plow driver stopped an alleged drunk driver who was going the wrong way on the Kennedy Expressway in Chicago early Saturday.
Illinois State Police said reports of a van driving outbound in the inbound Kennedy express lanes near Ohio Street came in just before 3 a.m. Saturday.
A snow plow driver with the Illinois Department of Transportation was in the reversible express lanes when he was notified of the wrong-way driver, officials said.
The snow plow driver got in front of the van, slowed down and made contact with the vehicle, bringing it to a stop, police said.
Wrong-Way Driver Stopped by Police
The eastbound lanes of Interstate 94 near Michigan City, Ind., remained closed early Friday morning after a deadly, massive pileup on Thursday afternoon. But one driver somehow made it through the road closure and was stopped by authorities during a live report on the NBC 5 NEWS TODAY. (Published Friday, Jan. 24, 2014)
Police said the driver took out six gates before entering the express lanes and was charged with driving under the influence Saturday morning.
No one was injured in the accident, but the front of the van was damaged.
Israel's defence minister has accused the US Secretary of State, John Kerry, of having an "incomprehensible obsession" with his push for Middle East peace, but later apologised for his remarks via a statement released by his ministry.
The US State Department on Tuesday described the Israeli Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon's comments as "offensive", in a mark of the degree of outrage in Washington at the latest public spat between the two allies, which follows a major disagreement over Iran policy.
"The American plan for security arrangements that was shown to us isn't worth the paper it was written on," Yaalon was quoted as saying in private conversations with Israeli officials.
Yaalon's office issued an apology late on Tuesday, saying: "Israel and the United States share a common goal to advance the peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians led by Secretary Kerry.
"We appreciate Secretary Kerry's many efforts towards that end. The defence minister had no intention to cause any offense to the secretary, and he apologises if the secretary was offended by words attributed to the minister."
'Inappropriate'
The State Department said Yaalon's reported remarks were "inappropriate" for a minister in the government of a close ally.
"The remarks of the defence minister, if accurate, are offensive and inappropriate especially given all that the United States is doing to support Israel's security needs," spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki told reporters.
Psaki said Kerry and his team "have been working day and night to try to promote a secure peace for Israel because of the secretary's deep concern for Israel's future".
"To question his motives and distort his proposals is not something we would expect from the defence minister of a close ally," she said.
Kerry coaxed Israelis and Palestinians back into direct negotiations last summer and has since shuttled between the two leaderships.
His proposals include a security plan for the border between a future Palestinian state and neighbouring Jordan, involving high-tech equipment to enable Israel to reduce or end its troop presence on the ground, Israeli media say.
But Yaalon said the idea of technology replacing soldiers was naive.
"What are you talking about?" he reportedly asked Kerry during a meeting.
"I ask you: how will technology respond when a Salafist or Islamic Jihad cell tries to commit a terror attack against Israeli targets? Who will engage them?"
Sense of messianism
Yaalon said after years of living the conflict, he understood a lot more about the Palestinians than the US top diplomat.
"Secretary of State John Kerry - who arrived here determined, and who operates from an incomprehensible obsession and a sense of messianism - can't teach me anything about the conflict with the Palestinians," he was quoted as saying.
"The only thing that might save us is if John Kerry wins the Nobel Prize and leaves us be."
Yaalon stopped short of apologising for the remarks in an earlier statement released by his office on Tuesday.
"The United States is our most important friend and ally. When there are disagreements between us, we discuss them in private," it said.
But it added, "I will continue to be responsible and firmly maintain the security of the Israeli people."
Yaalon's public criticism of the US top diplomat earned him a rebuke from Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister.
"Even when we have disagreements with the United States, it is about the matter at hand and not about the person," Netanyahu said at the opening of the winter session of parliament.
On Thursday's NBC Today, co-host Savannah Guthrie noted a restaurant in Minnesota that found "a unique way to offset the added expense" of the state hiking its minimum wage: "The Oasis Café is now including a 'minimum wage fee' on bills. You see it right there on the bill. Totals 35 cents....the cafe's owners say this wage hike is going to cost them $10,000 a year, this is their way of protesting it..." [Listen to the audio]
Guthrie touted: "Now complaints are piling up on the cafe's Facebook page. One man says, 'Look, if you can't afford to pay your employees, then you shouldn't be in business.'" Fill-in co-host Carson Daly chimed in: "I'd rather not know. Hike a cost here or there, get your 35 cents and don't tell me."
Weatherman Al Roker observed: "Because they've probably done it other ways without letting you know." Newsreader Natalie Morales added: "Right. Without clearly stating it on the bill." Guthrie concluded: "Yeah, all companies do it, right? But they don't necessarily say [they're doing it]."
So it's fine to raise costs for businesses, it's fine for businesses to pass those costs on to customers, but the hosts of Today would just prefer that no one know that a liberal government policy like raising the minimum wage was to blame.
Here is a full transcript of the August 7 exchange:
Story highlights Franchitti suffers concussion, fractures to spine and ankle in the wreck
Franchitti's car bumped, careens into fencing at Houston Grand Prix
The crash hurt 13 spectators, 3 of whom were taken to a hospital
The three-time Indy 500 winner and wife Ashley Judd announced divorce in January
Three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dario Franchitti was injured in a serious crash that also left 13 spectators hurt during Sunday's Grand Prix of Houston, authorities reported.
Read more from Bleacher Report The wreck occurred in the last lap of the race, when Japanese driver Takuma Sato bumped Franchitti's car, sending it airborne into the protective fencing. The car spun multiple times against the fence, sending shards of debris flying toward the grandstands and shearing off part of its side.
Three spectators were sent to a local hospital, where they were listed in good condition Sunday night. The rest were treated at the scene, according to Senior Capt. Ruy Lozano of the Houston Fire Department.
Dario Franchitti is a three-time Indianapolis 500 winner.
Franchitti, 40, suffered a concussion in the wreck and fractures to his spine and ankle. The spinal fracture does not require surgery, according to Dr. Michael Olinger, director of medical services for IndyCar. Franchitti will be kept overnight at Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center in Houston.
The Scotland native won IndyCar racing's top prize in 2012, 2010 and 2007. He was married to actress Ashley Judd for more than 11 years, but the couple announced in January that they were ending their marriage.
JUST WATCHED Witness thought driver would be dead Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Witness thought driver would be dead 01:25
Judd tweeted Sunday evening that she was on her way to Houston, thanking fans for their prayers.
Every year around this time, music writers like to participate in the numerical masturbation ritual known as year-end lists. (Stay tuned for ours!) This is always followed by the even lamer ritual of endless bickering over said year-end lists. Then someone will inevitably stir up the pot by pointing out that not enough female musicians were included. And while I have about as much interest in getting involved in a heated argument about gender equality in music as I do in watching a single episode of either Entourage or Sex and the City, I do want to take a minute to point out that the ladies of rock totally crushed it this year. Just absolutely slaughtered the dudes, musically.
Now, before you take to Twitter to call me a sexist epic fail retard or whatever (I'm @danozzi, by the way, in case you want to do that later), I'm not saying that men didn't also have a strong showing. They did. (See the new albums by Radioactivity, Iron Chic, Off With Their Heads, etc. etc.) And I'm not saying that women haven't put out good albums in previous years. (Does that even need to be said?) I'm just saying that 2013, as a whole, was possibly the best year ladies have had in punk in a long, long time. What's been particularly impressive is the genre range women have covered, proving that female punk is not relegated to riot grrrl bands. Nothing against riot grrrl bands. I'm on board with any movement that deliberately spells its name wrong (except for the Ku Klux Klan, obvz). But really, women have covered the bases this year, from folk punk, to pop punk, too hardcore to the more indie rock side of punk.
Here is a random list of women who I thought kicked a particularly large amount of ass this year. You may be saying, “But you forgot bands like Waxatchee and Cayetana and Screaming Females and Lemuria and Perfect Pussy” and whatever other female-fronted bands you've been jamming out to over the last 12 months. Sure, if that's what you're into, you can include them on your lists. This one is mine. And it serves no purpose other than to say: Thanks for the good tunes, ladies. Keep 'em coming.
Frances Quinlan, Hop Along
Lauren Measure, Worriers
Laura Stevenson
Jenny Owen Youngs
Allison Crutchfield, Swearin'
Anika Pyle, Chumped
Lou Hanman, Caves
Laura Jane Grace, Against Me!
Kathleen Stubelek, Circle Takes the Square
Miley Cyrus
Hop Along only put out one song in 2013 and it was still better than anything else that came out this entire year. Frances Quinlan's voice is so goddamn beautiful I want to marry it. Does that make sense? Like, not a big expensive thing, but I want her voice and I to have a nice little destination wedding somewhere (maybe Belize?) with a few of our very close friends and then I want to spend a long, healthy marriage with her voice. We'll occasionally argue about stuff, her voice and I, but cute little things, like who forgot to walk the dog. I feel like I may have gotten lost in my own head here about the whole marrying her voice thing. But if you can listen to this song and your heart doesn't drop into your stomach right after the 2:15 mark, I am sorry to inform you, but you are a dead person. Apologies that your last moments on Earth were spent reading my awful story about marrying a voice.Here's how much I respect Lauren Denitzio (aka Lauren Measure) and her dedication to feminist principles in the punk scene: I asked her in advance if it was OK to include her in this article. I fully recognize the inherent lameness of a straight white dude expounding on females in punk so I really felt like I needed her approval for inclusion in such a list. She said it was cool as long as I didn't use phrases like “chick” or “girl” which I woulduse when describing these broads. (JK JK, Lauren, please do not beat me up.) Seriously though, I was über-bummed when the Measure [sa] broke up. But Lauren's new project, Worriers, is finally filling the Measure-sized hole in my heart.Laura Stevenson put out the best punk album of 2013 and it wasn't even a punk album. It was this depressing indie rock-sort of album that absolutely crushed me for almost an entire year.will probably end up being my favorite album of the year, just based on the sheer number of plays I've given it. I'm too embarrassed to say exactly how many, but somewhere in the upper hundred million. What makes Laura particularly amazing to watch is how she is so endearingly awkward and seems to have absolutely no idea that she possesses a staggeringly beautiful voice.Jenny Owen Youngs didn't even put out an album in 2013 but still managed to be the biggest ladybadass of the year by coming out as gay , marrying her fiancé, and, in so many words, telling the world to either accept it or fuck off. It's pretty bullshit that in 2013, people still have to announce their gayness in public fashion, but she did so in the most spectacularly brazen-yet-humble way possible. If you ask Jenny about punk, she probably won't even cop to having anything to do with it. (Seriously, she didn't know who GG Allin was.) And yet, she puts out her own records, books her own shows, and does her own merch, which is why I call her DIY JOY. Not to her face, but I do call her that. She also travels the country with the bearded punk dudes of the Revival Tour, where she has likely tolerated many a raised tour bus toilet seat.Pop punk has always been a boys club. And not just any boys. Geeky boys who sing about being romantically inept and the girls who dump them because of it. And having long been one of those geeky boys, pop punk has gotten me through many a dumping. But why should dudes get to monopolize the pop punk geekery? It makes me so happy to see women losing their shit to Swearin' and pop punk in general. Welcome to the very sad club, ladies.Anika is kind of like my little sister, in that she is constantly borrowing money from me and I find her very annoying. But goddamn, the girl can play some pop punk jams. If you like Swearin', there's no reason you should not immediately spend your money on Chumped's debut EP I don't even know anything about this band other than they are from the UK and the woman's name is Lou and the album they put out this year totally scrambles my brain and I love it.When Against Me!'s Tom Gabel made the announcement that he would be living as a woman and would be going by the name Laura Jane Grace, it was the most punk rock thing she'd done in years. But on top of that, she finally started making good music again. HerEP was only two songs, but they were probably the best two songs she's released in the last decade. Not to mention the best song titles. (Sorry, but no one is topping “FUCKMYLIFE666” for a long time.) At this point, I wish she would just dissolve the band and go on as a solo artist which, if I had to guess, will probably happen eventually. I say that because having caught her solo shows this year, it is obvious that she has a cult-like presence that transcends the band and is a hero to the many trans folks in the crowd. True trans soul rebel.Circle Takes the Square put out an album almost 10 years ago and then I don't know what happened to them. I don't want to know. I like to imagine they were off in a cave somewhere making sacrifices to the screamo gods until they were inspired to make the most sinister record of all time, which came out very very late in 2012 (so basically 2013 for the point of this article). I caught them on tour this year and Kathleen Stubelek mopped the floor with my earholes. All hail this band. Yeah, I said it. And I stand by it.
Professional wrestler and noted academic Scott Steiner earned yet another feather in his cap today when he was bestowed with an honorary doctorate in mathematics from the University of Oxford.
Prof. Steiner, best known for his bulging biceps and his landmark algorithm for calculating n-complete log-space differential equations, was lauded by peers as a “giant in the ring and at the blackboard.”
More from Kayfabe News
Though fans of professional wrestling get only rare glimpses of Prof. Steiner's genius — such as his eloquent proof of victory over Kurt Angle and Samoa Joe — he is well-known in academic circles as “Big Poppa Polynomial” and “The Algebraic Freak.”
“Most people think I'm all brawn and no brains,” said Prof. Steiner during a commencement address at Oxford's Sheldonian Theatre. “But those people have only an i2=?1 percent chance of being right.”
During his commencement speech, Prof. Steiner proposed a novel solution to the Erdos conjecture on arithmetic progressions, did 100 push-ups, and challenged Stephen Hawking to a fight.
He also revealed that his ever-growing collection of tattoos represent a complex mathematical riddle — and not, as widely believed, the very bad decisions of a man with no aesthetic sensibilities.
The film Wonder Woman, set during the First World War, was partly filmed at Tilbury Fort in Essex. (It's a popular location to shoot at…)
In the movie, Wonder Woman leaves her home on Themyscira to help fight in World War One. She's not the only one. While they weren't fighting in the trenches like Diana, many real women left the lives they knew to contribute to the war effort.
We're taking a look at some remarkable historical women – the real wonder women of World War I.
Edith Cavell: a nurse and martyr
Edith Cavell began her career in nursing in 1896 at the age of 30. In 1907 she moved to Brussels to help introduce modern nursing practices. Nurses then, as now, worked hard. Typically they were on duty for 12 hours at a time, with few holidays and very little time for life outside of work.
In 1914, she was weeding her mother's garden in Norfolk when she heard that Germany had invaded Belgium. She didn't want to stay in England, saying “at a time like this I am more needed than ever”.
Cavell took charge of the St Gilles hospital, which became a centre of resistance to Belgium's German occupiers. Allied soldiers were hidden in the building, provided with false papers and given help to escape into friendly territory.
But in October 1915, Cavell was arrested by the German army and court-martialled. She was found guilty of ‘assisting the enemy', and executed by a firing squad at dawn on October 12 1915.
She has a blue plaque at London Hospital, Whitechapel Road, and a memorial statue stands near the National Portrait Gallery. It's inscribed with the words of forgiveness she spoke to the priest who visited her just before her death:
“Patriotism is not enough. I must have no hatred or bitterness towards anyone.”
Dame Maud McCarthy: in charge on the Western Front
Dame Maud McCarthy was the most senior nurse on the Western Front during the First World War. She sailed on the first ship to leave England with members of the British Expeditionary Force in August 1914 and was made Matron-in-Chief of the B.E.F. in France and Flanders.
She began the war with 516 nurses in her charge, but by 1918 she had over 6,000. Nurses working at the front faced unprecedented challenges from the horrors of mechanised warfare, and dealt with injuries caused by shells, machine gun bullets, trench foot, gas attacks and land mines.
McCarthy was known for being an inspirational leader as well as a highly skilled administrator. She was made a Dame of the British Empire in 1918 and later given the Florence Nightingale Medal, which is the highest international distinction a nurse can receive. Her blue plaque is in Chelsea where she lived from November 1919 until shortly before her death in 1949.
Nan Herbert: re-purposing Wrest Park
One of the first country houses to be offered for use in the war effort was Wrest Park in Bedfordshire. Nan Herbert, the resourceful and fiercely independent sister of its owner Auberon, was responsible for setting up and running the house as a hospital.
She became the matron of the hospital in February 1915, after an intensive course at Metropolitan Hospital in London. She assembled a team of 20 nurses who looked after the 1,600 soldiers that passed through the wards. Wrest Park became recognised as one of the best-run country house hospitals under her energetic leadership.
A fire ripped through Wrest Park in September 1916, and although all the patients were evacuated, it could no longer operate as a hospital. Bron was killed in action in November 1916. Nan inherited his titles. She married and sold Wrest Park in 1917.
An exhibition at Wrest Park tells the story of its time as a hospital, and runs until August 2018.
Mary Macarthur: championing Munitions Factory Workers
After supplies of shells ran low in 1915, The Ministry of Munitions was founded and encouraged women to sign up to work in the factories. Nearly a million women were working in munitions factories by the end of the war. Known as ‘munitionettes', Britain could not have fought the war without them.
Conditions were poor in the factories. Loud noise, long hours, short breaks and tough manual labour were one thing, but the women were at risk from harmful materials like poison gas, TNT and asbestos. Workplace accidents were common. In 1917, 73 people were killed and 400 injured at a factory in the East End of London.
To top it off, the munitionettes were paid less than their male counterparts. But one woman in particular tried to change that. Mary Macarthur campaigned tirelessly for workers rights and equal pay throughout her life. During the war she campaigned skilfully and forced the government to improve the wages and miserable conditions of the munitions factory workers.
Earlier this year English Heritage unveiled a blue plaque to Macarthur in Golders Green, north London.
Hertha Ayrton: a life-saving inventor
Physicist Hertha Ayrton was one of the first female students to go to Cambridge University, and patented an engineering drawing instrument soon after she left in 1880. In 1902, despite doing important work in her field, the Royal Society rejected her election to its membership on the grounds that she was a woman.
During the war, she invented the Ayrton Fan, a device that helped soldiers clear poisonous gas from their trenches. Over 100,000 were issued to British troops and they were in constant use from May 1916 onwards.
A blue plaque to Hertha can be seen in Norfolk Square, Paddington. You can find out more about her groundbreaking work and support of women's rights here.
Gertrude Bell: linguist, diplomat and spy?
Born into the wealthy family that owned Mount Grace Priory in Yorkshire, Gertrude Bell had an extraordinary, inspiring life. She was the first woman to graduate from Oxford in with a first-class degree in Modern History, an accomplished mountaineer and a linguist.
Bell was drawn to the Middle East. She spent years immersing herself in the language, literature and archaeology of the region, and travelled widely. Soon after war broke out, she became part of the Arab Bureau, an intelligence operation that included TE Lawrence (‘of Arabia') in its number.
By 1917 she was the oriental secretary to the British High Commissioner of Iraq, responsible for relations with the Arab population. She later helped to draw up the boundaries of Iraq and founded the Baghdad Archaeological Museum (today known as the National Museum of Iraq).
Sylvia Pankhurst: pacifist
Pacifists and conscientious objectors (COs) did not have an easy time during the First World War. Men who refused to fight were more or less labelled as traitors. They were humiliated in the press and some were imprisoned at places like Richmond Castle – where the COs left some very moving graffiti. Obviously, the case was different for women who didn't face conscription. But pacifism was still contentious, and for suffragette Sylvia Pankhurst, holding anti-war beliefs meant the start of a lifelong rift with her family.
Emmeline and Christabel Pankhurst, Sylvia's famous mother and sister, leaders of the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) became ferociously pro-war. Sylvia became involved in the international women's peace movement and, in London, focused her efforts on helping and organising working class women. She opened mother-and-baby clinics to help women whose partners were fighting in the war, or who had died. She used the newspaper of her Worker's Suffrage Federation to give support to groups like the Non-Conscription Fellowship. In July 1917 it published Siegried Sasson's anti-war letter, ‘Finished with the War: A Soldier's Declaration'.
Sylvia spent much of the rest of her life involved in socialism and anti-fascism, campaigning against the Italian invasion of Ethiopia in the 1930s and eventually settling in Addis Ababa.
There is a blue plaque to Sylvia in Cheyne Walk, Chelsea.
Share this Post 717
Share this Post 717
Pacific Championship returns for a $290,000 Season 2
The Pacific Championship will return with a second season starting on the 18th August, as per an announcement by Blizzard Taiwan today. Last season saw Flash Wolves secure first place in the tournament, and the $100,000~ USD prize that came with it, after defeating Australian team Blank Esports.
The tournament has retained a 8,300,000 TWD prize pool ($290,000~ USD), for which eight teams from the Asia-Pacific will compete over three months of play. Regular season games will be played on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays from 4-11 PM CST.
The competing teams are sourced from the top six of the inaugural season of the Pacific Championship and two teams from the Season 2 qualifiers. A full list of the competing teams can be found below:
Whilst Flash Wolves are the favourites to retain their champion status, the second season of the tournament looks to be much more closely contested than the first. Mega Siam Thunder competed in the first season as Fireball, drastically improving in recent times after joining MEGA and importing a mix of American and European players and coaching staff to complement their Thai roster. Ardeont also look to be strong, as the team is laden with APEX experience and cruised through their qualifier matches with relative ease.
If you're looking for a preview of some of the tournament's top teams be sure to stay tuned to the World Cup, as Flash Wolves will compete this week in the Santa Monica World Cup Qualifiers as Chinese Taipei, whilst Blank Esports will represent Australia at BlizzCon later this year after qualifying in Sydney.
Looks like the swine flu “crisis” has finally unraveled — just as I've warned right from the start.
A leading European health official is now pushing for an investigation into the so-called pandemic — and the desperate push to line Big Pharma pockets at your expense.
Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg, health chief at the Council of Europe, put it best when he told the European press, “We have had a mild flu — and a false pandemic.”
His resolution calling for the investigation passed the Council, setting the stage for an emergency debate. It seems they've finally realized that the real emergency isn't the flu — it's the lies we've been told about it, and the dangerous vaccines forced on millions based on those filthy falsehoods.
The good doctor — turns out there are still a few of us left — is even calling the non-pandemic “one of the greatest medical scandals of the century.”
We're only a decade into this century — we've still got 90 years to see what else Big Pharma has up its sleeve! But already, this one's been a doozy. It'll be hard to top Vioxx in terms of death and destruction… but as far as swindles go, swine flu takes the prize.
Around the world, supposedly concerned and impartial health “experts” all predicted terrifying (and ultimately nonexistent) consequences from the swine flu… and many of them just so happened to have financial ties to Big Pharma. Maybe that's why the World Health Organization was so quick to change its definition of “pandemic” to make swine flu fit the bill.
These same experts are now warning of a swine flu “third wave” and urging more people to submit to the needle. Listen closely and you might hear them laughing as they count their money.
Give it a rest already, guys. This con job's over.
Thanks a lot for the article. You mentioned the exact problems with Linux and free software adoption in Ukraine that I would, given with task to say something on the topic.
I can only add that, because Ukraine is not wery wealthy country, people are often unwilling to pay for the abstract product they can't touch, and that fact that most Ukraininan (perhaps as all ex-Soviet) people are ignorant in questions of security and privacy doesn't help too.
And don't forget that all computer-related education programs for non-IT people are build around MS infrastructure. It is the Microsoft strategy: first let them pirate our software and build their workflow around it; later force them to pay.
Revolution of Dignity, while being important event in our history, in my opinion, is not too relevant to the counter-piracy issues. I would name pressure from American government as a major factor. Ukraine was (is?) among top piracy-friendly countries, and AFAIK, one of conditions to cancel the Jackson-Vanik amendment towards Ukraine was that our government had to increase visible efforts in war on piracy.
As for me, I see Linux as best option to have more secure and easy-to-support machines. I have Linux on all machines at my office, and I use Linux on several home computers (not all). As for my relatives, I insist that they must have proper Windows licenses to have up-to-date patches and no non-MS backdoors, but I don't have time and passion to make them re-learn how to use different OS.
The source of hope, as I see it, is Ukrainian IT sector - literate and open-minded people that learn from civilized world. Linux saves costs in large deployments, and I regularly see thin clients, workplaces, POSes running Linux. (Also, don't bash me for it, I saw ReactOS in large retail chain!)
Click to expand...
What happens in November will play a major role in shaping President Obama's final two years in office.
No, it's not just the 2014 midterm elections that have the White House on edge, but also the return of open enrollment in Obamacare.
After the disastrous rollout of the president's signature domestic initiative in 2013, the administration needs to avoid the problems that diminished public confidence in the most significant overhaul to the health care system since the creation of Medicare.
The White House believes the technical problems that crashed healthcare.gov will become a distant memory. However, team Obama must worry about much more than just a website.
Here are the top five potential Obamacare headaches looming in November:
1. Price increases
Whether Obamacare absorbs the blame or not, the cost of health insurance is expected to rise next year.
A new analysis by the Health Research Institute at PricewaterhouseCoopers this week estimated premiums on the Obamacare health insurance exchanges would increase by an average of 7.5 percent next year.
Another survey released Wednesday by the National Business Group on Health found that health care costs at large companies would jump by 6.5 percent in 2015. And to account for higher costs, employers are planning to shift more of the burden to their employees.
Such a development wouldn't necessarily constitute the so-called sticker shock that critics of Obamacare predicted. Still, the White House would be forced to explain why health care costs are increasing despite presidential promises to the contrary.
Some Americans could become disillusioned with higher medical bills, even as the uninsured population is shrinking nationally.
2. Low polling numbers
Obamacare is working — that's what you'll hear from the White House repeatedly between now and November.
But the public isn't buying it.
A Kaiser Family Foundation tracking poll released earlier this month found that 53 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of Obamacare — a record high in the survey's history and an eight-percentage-point spike from just the month before.
The poll also showed that fewer people are undecided in how they perceive Obamacare. In other words, it is now infinitely harder for the Obama administration to find new converts — last year was its best chance to change opinions on the hot-button issue.
Such findings are why Republicans are using Obamacare as a central issue in their attempt to win control of the Senate in November. And the second enrollment period will start following elections in which negative Obamacare advertising will significantly eclipse positive spots.
3. Re-enrollment issues
Millions of Americans have enrolled in new Obamacare plans, even if it took longer than they anticipated.
Now the administration faces the challenge of trying to keep all 8 million of them, while seeking new customers.
But those plans could look a lot different in 2015.
Some consumers will automatically re-enroll in their existing plans and others will have to sign up for an extension or choose another option.
What some people might not realize is that their premiums might increase even if they simply stay in their plan for another year. To avoid such additional costs, certain consumers will need to shop for different coverage, something they might not realize until they receive their bill.
Just because a health plan is the cheapest available this year doesn't make it so for 2015. The White House will ask people to return to healthcare.gov to make sure their insurance payments are acceptable — a request unlikely to be well-received.
4. November is about the worst month to start open enrollment
The Obama administration will ask Americans to focus on choosing a health plan just as the holiday season begins — a time generally viewed as the most financially stressful period of the year, even though it is the traditional period for open enrollment.
Sure, open enrollment is slated to last until mid-February. But if the White House wants a quick uptick in Obamacare signups — which didn't happen last year — November is hardly conducive to achieving that.
Some have called for the administration to extend open enrollment closer to April, when more low-income Americans get their tax returns and have additional income. Barring an extension of the enrollment dates, which the White House implemented in the wake of technical glitches the first time, health insurance could be overlooked by those with pressing financial obligations.
5. Subsidy eligibility
Two questions at the center of the Obamacare debate have proven difficult to answer: Who is eligible for coverage and how much financial help should they receive?
Just this week, the Obama administration announced that 310,000 enrollees would have to verify their citizenship or legal status or lose their coverage.
The administration also will have to work through any data discrepancies, such as income, birthday or address, which put millions of Obamacare recipients at risk in recent months.
And two federal appeals courts last month issued conflicting rulings over federal subsidies awarded through the federal Obamacare health exchange, opening the possibility that the Supreme Court will rule on the issue.
If the federal subsidies are considered illegal, it would deal the most crippling blow to Obamacare since its inception, as millions of Americans rely on the aid to pay for their health plans.
MSI has announced the launch of its new-generation Wind Box DC110. The only 35 mm thin Wind Box DC110 shines not only visually, but also offers a low power consumption. With Intel Celeron 847, powerful graphics and liquid HD playback, it also offers computational power, one would expect at this small size in any way.The mini-PC is the space-saving solution for all computing tasks such as internet, email and office applications as well as TV, music, video and photo playback. The DC110 will be generally available in Europe before end of March.The Wind Box DC110 is equipped with Intel Mobile 847 1.1 GHz ULV dual-core processor which an provides impressive multi-tasking performance. The 847 Processor also has the characteristic of low power consumption which contributes to the DC110's power usage of only up to 40 W, much less power than an average desktop.The Wind Box DC110 has elegant lines and a slim, lightweight chassis. It is just 191.8 mm (W) x 150.93 mm (H) x 34.94 mm (D) in size, and weighs only around 830 grams. The DC110's unique "snowboard" style base makes it easy to store and move around; this ultra-mini PC is perfect for both home and office use.The Wind Box DC110 provides one HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia interface) and one VGA out which allows the unit to be connected to a second monitor. The DC110 supports dual-screen display and can also output the screen to a larger display device, such as a projector or a large-screen LCD TV, making the DC110 more versatile and more efficient. DC110 also provide SPDIF out can support 5.1 channel audio. Based on the utilities I/O ports, DC110 is an excellent choice for a Home Theater PC.
Review: Kamasi Washington, 'The Epic'
toggle caption Courtesy of the artist
Purchase The Album Amazon iTunes
The word "epic" sits cheerily amid the most overused hyperbole of our age. Teenage bros proclaim their recent "pretty epic" mild successes; sports commentators call anything which ends dramatically an "epic game"; the Internet-literate are quick to point out an "epic FAIL." But what else do you call a three-CD, nearly three-hour album anchored by a 10-piece jazz band, featuring a 32-piece orchestra and 20-member choir, and driven by the daydream of an imaginary martial arts grandmaster?
The Epic is the title of the new recording from 34-year-old saxophonist and composer Kamasi Washington, a musician you may have heard but not heard of. That's his horn all over the newest releases by fellow Southern Californians Kendrick Lamar and Flying Lotus. (The Epic is being issued by Brainfeeder, the record label Lotus co-founded.) Washington has toured with Snoop Dogg, Raphael Saadiq and Chaka Khan; his jazz credentials include work with elders like Gerald Wilson, Stanley Clarke and Kenny Burrell. The singing electric bassist Thundercat (Stephen Bruner) and his brother, drummer Ronald Bruner Jr., are lifelong friends; in fact, Washington has known most of his bandmates since high school in in South Central Los Angeles.
The confluence of those experiences — of participating in a huge and diverse LA jazz scene, of making music people actually dance to, of working with like-minded peers for years — emerges here as scope and grandeur. The Epic swims in rhythmic crosscurrents, with two bassists, two keyboard players, two drummers. It's made tall and wide by the presence of strings and voices, made forceful and direct by horn solos and singer Patrice Quinn. It seems intentionally to overwhelm, in an immersive way; it's music to be swept up by and revisited after the wave subsides.
In working with so many future-forward musicians, you might expect Washington's music to be equally slippery and resistant to categorization. Surely it is to some extent, as his band pulls from a huge bag of tricks. It also likes a driving modal swing groove or a knotty post-bop horn melody; it plays the blues and the standard "Cherokee." They execute these ideas with such bigness, and such a wide color palette, and a mission to remake the word "jazz" in the image of their own generation. That's the feat here. You wouldn't be wrong to call that ambition epic.
WHEN Jason Payne returned home after his one-night stay at the Hilton in Basingstoke, UK, he was surprised to receive an email from the hotel informing him that he had been banned for life.
It was all because of a rather inappropriate comment he'd made on the hotel's online booking form three days prior to his February 8 stay at the hotel.
Mr Payne, 35, wrote under the additional comments and requests section on the form: “There's a large snake in my trousers. Hope that's OK.”
He claims he never expected the staff to actually read his joke, and was quite surprised when the receptionist at the hotel started laughing when he checked in.
“It was a joke and I had no idea the staff would read it,” Mr Payne said. “(Upon check-in) the woman at the reception just suddenly burst out laughing hysterically and appeared very amused.
“I had no idea why and then she read the comment to me ... Her colleague then also laughed.”
He claims the staff members didn't seem bothered by it at all.
Hotel pranks: Is this the worst guest ever?
Confessions of a hotel maid
H ow to score a hotel upgrade
But in her email to Mr Payne after his stay, the hotel's front office manager informed him that “we are not willing to accept that our team members are ever put into an uncomfortable situation, due to the abusive language a guest uses talking to them, writing to them or even on the booking form they fill in online”.
When asked if there were any other incidents at the hotel that could have provoked the banning, Mr Payne told FlyerTalk.com, “No. I was barely there. Even the snake was well-behaved.”
Though the Hilton Basingstoke has taken a negative view of the comment, some hotels have managed to capitalise on the often absurd comments left in online bookings to generate social media buzz.
Last July, the Woodlands Resort in Houston, Texas, fulfilled the unusual request of one of its customers who asked for three red M & Ms and a photo of bacon. “Not packages, just three single M & Ms,” the customer requested. “One for me, one for my girlfriend, and one to split if we get hungry late at night. And a picture of bacon set on the bed. I love pictures of bacon.”
Tory Enriquez, Woodlands Resort staff member, said “the viral sensation that occurred as a result of (the) post was phenomenal”.
According to Mr Enriquez, the stunt has produced copycats, including one request for a sponge in the shape of a llama.
“The guest noted they wanted the llama sponge so that they could bathe like Peruvian royalty,” he said. “As requested, a llama-shaped sponge was waiting for them in their room upon arrival.”
The trouser-snake incident is admittedly less tame than the M & M request, but has produced an online flurry. The story was originally reported to the Basingstoke Gazette by Mr Payne and then picked up by media outlets around the world.
FlyerTalk has reached out to the Hilton Basingstoke for comment, but as of deadline has not received a response.
The hotel confirmed the incident took place, according to the UK's Metro.
As for Mr Payne, he remains unapologetic: “I find there is a universal sense of humour when the context is just a bit of a laugh, whether clean and witty or puckish innuendo … Unilaterally declaring the comment not funny is a bit imperious and gratuitous.
“The comment was a bit of Austin Powers-style sophomoric banter which regularly draws laughs.”
And when asked if he would do it over again, Mr Payne said defiantly: “Of course, probably the next time I book again at a Hilton hotel, and I bet I don't get the same reaction.”
The hotel has since told news.com.au: “We can confirm that after learning of a comment made on an online guest reservation form, Hilton Basingstoke advised the guest that they would not accept future bookings from the individual in order to protect the wellbeing of its Team Members.
“This decision was taken at the discretion of the hotel team. Hilton Basingstoke continues to operate a legitimate pet friendly policy and the guest is welcome to check in at the many other properties in the Hilton Worldwide portfolio.”
Read more travel advice and news at Flyertalk.com.
The world's most terrifying drives
The 2014 NFL Draft is officially less than a week away. While we sure don't know who the Eagles will draft, we do have an idea of who they're interested in. The pre-draft buildup period often contains various reports of team interest in certain prospects. What I've done here is compiled all of those reports into one location. I've also cross-referenced them with what I think is some fairly useful data. If you think I'm missing information, let me know in the comments. Please include your source.
Keep in mind that misinformation is a large part of the draft process. Teams will purposely not show interest in players they like because they don't want to tip their hand. At the same time, just because the Eagles are showing a lot of interest in a player doesn't mean it's just a smokescreen. It's all a guessing game. But here's what we do know.
Scroll down for chart legend.
Prospect Interest Tracker (click green column headers to sort)
Players who have drawn the most interest:
Marqise Lee (7)
Devon Kennard (6)
Deone Bucannon (6)
Odell Beckahm Jr. (5)
Anthony Barr (5)
Scott Crichton (5)
Austin Sefarian-Jenkins (5)
Interest by position:
30 WR
20 RB
19 CB
14 DE
14 QBs
12 OLB
12 S
12 Tes
8 OGs
8 ILB
8 LB
7 DTs
6 OTs
3 DL
3 OL
2 OT/OG
1 DE/OLB
1 NT
1 K
Visits: The Eagles are allowed 30 pre-draft visits. These are the players who have come in to the team's facility for an official visit. Visits are often used for medical testing and interview time. Eagles GM Howie Roseman even admitted they're used to tricking the media/fans. No workouts are involved. BGN is keeping track of the visits here.
Senior Bowl: These are the players the Eagles talked to at the Senior Bowl.
Combine: Each team is allowed 60 interviews at the NFL combine.
Pro Day/Workouts: These categories are lumped together. Pro day interest is a little hard to gauge because it's hard to know who exactly the coaches are there to see. I did my best to mention the big names. Eagles head coach Chip Kelly attended a total of 12 pro days.
Chip Opponent: Last year Chip Kelly showed interest in drafting players who performed well against him in college. See: Zach Ertz, Matt Barkley, Jordan Poyer. It's possible Kelly could go that route again this year. These are some of the players that performed well against Kelly. Subjectivity comes into play here. Using Dave Mangels' three-tiered system, I gave players either X (Everyone gets a star), XX (Solid but unspectacular), or XXX (Stud performances).
Chip Recruit: These are the players Chip Kelly personally recruited coming out of high school, via Dave Mangels.
Top HS Recruits: Eagles scouts have confirmed they do consider high school success when evaluating players. I marked down which players the Eagles have shown interest in who were also top high school football recruits (via Jimmy Kempski).
Other: Unspecified interest that doesn't fit into one of the aforementioned major categories.
• Kyle Fuller: Specifically introduced to Chip Kelly by Bill Davis.
• Telvin Smith: Said in a podcast that the Eagles are showing interest in him.
• Marcus Smith: Seen talking to Chip Kelly and Rick Minter at Louisville Pro Day.
• Brett Smith: Seen talking to Bill Musgrave.
• Devon Kennard: Eagles talked to him at East-West Shrine Game.
• Storm Johnson: Reported interest.
• Ronald Powell: Reported interest.
• Gerald Ford: Reported interest.
• Jordan Matthews: Picture of him with Chip Kelly.
• Wilson Van Hooser: Has been in contact with Eagles.
• Daniel Sorenson: Phone interview with Eagles.
• Seantrel Henderson: The Eagles reportedly don't have him on their board.
Pro Day Column Key:
CK = Chip Kelly (Head coach)
BD = Bill Davis (Defensive coordinator)
PS = Pat Shurmur (Offensive coordinator)
JA = Jerry Azzinaro (DL coach / Asst. head coach)
JS = Jeff Stoutland (OL coach)
BB = Bob Bicknell (WR coach)
TW = Ted Williams (TE coach)
JP = Justin Peelle (Asst. TE coach)
JL = John Lovett (DB coach)
BM = Bill McGovern (OLB coach)
RM = Rick Minter (ILB coach)
MUS = Bill Musgrave (QB coach)
DS = Duuuuuuuuce Staley (RB coach)
(w) = Attached to a coach's name. Signifies that coach worked out the player.
Resources:
Tommy Lawlor's draft interest tracker
Birds 24/7 draft interest tracker
NJ.com draft interest tracker
Miscellaneous reports
Twitter
Embarrassed to go door-to-door with condoms that now carry their name, the accredited social health activists or Asha workers have declined to help the government cover the state.
Running a family-planning campaign Under National Health Mission, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is giving away free contraceptives such as condoms, besides regular and emergency pills, through these ground-level woman motivators. When the fresh stock arrived in May, the product name had changed from Deluxe. “First they exploit us as employees and now they malign our image,” said an Asha worker, adding: “People now call us and say: ‘Ek Asha dena (Give me one Asha)'. They have even started making jokes on us. It is awkward and undignified.”
Also read I Roundabout: Counting condoms and that ‘condom bar'!
The new, “more attractive” package (in the government's views) carries the image of a gorgeous couple to seduce men. Asha Workers and Facilitator Union state president Kirandeep Panchola confirmed that all Asha workers in Punjab had boycotted the distribution of these condoms “until the government changes its name and we get a fresh supply”.
Don't Miss : 251 HIV-positive in Faridkot jail, HC seeks Punjab reply
Panchola said the Asha workers would take the issue to National Health Mission managing director Hussan Lal on Friday. Hussan Lal was unavailable for comments in spite of repeated attempts to reach him.
An Asha worker is a woman in the age group of 25 to 45 who is qualified up to Class 10 preferably. Provided with knowledge and a medical kit to deliver first-contact healthcare, every Asha (which in Hindi means hope) is expected to be a fountainhead of community participation in public health programmes in her village.
Also read I Women's jail, schools to get sanitary napkin-vending machines
First Published: Jun 03, 2016 10:30 IST
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Given the forensic shows now on TV, do you think that people can get away with crimes today because of things they learn on the shows? – Melissa Lancaster, Rocky Mount
If you are talking about the “real” forensics shows that you see on the Discovery channel, then I suppose you could learn some things that would make it harder for law enforcement to catch you by using forensic techniques.
However, the vast majority of crimes do not involve any kind of forensics work. Most crimes are solved using plain, old detective work such as talking to witnesses, looking for evidence and questioning suspects.
In major crimes like murder, rape or fraud, forensics may play a large role in connecting a suspect to the victim through DNA, computer and paper records and fingerprints.
With privacy in mind, what tips can you offer for reducing our digital footprints on our personal computers and/or online? I'm interested in both behavior changes and software tools. – Wes Miller, Raleigh
There is always a trade-off between being secure and having convenience. In the long run, most people opt for convenience by storing their passwords on their computer, not using up to date anti-virus software and by using easy-to-guess passwords.
To reduce your digital footprint online, you should definitely be behind a firewall, do not store passwords in your Web browser and keep your anti-virus software up to date.
Do not store your passwords on the computer. I have seen documents on users' computers that list every password for every account they have, including their online banking and credit card accounts.
How can delete data be retrieved from a PC? How is it possible to know what Internet sites have been visited? Thank you. – Susan Prior, Raleigh
The foundation of computer forensics is actually data-recovery. Without the ability to recover deleted files, computer forensics would be a very limited area. You can even purchase data recovery software at major retailers that can recover your deleted files.
As far as Internet history goes, every browser stores history of the Internet sites that the user visits. You can turn this feature off on some browsers, and you can use the built-in tools in the browsers to delete Internet history. To view the history on the computer, providing that it has not been deleted, you can simply use the history feature in the browser to look at sites visited.
However, make note that deleting the Internet history in the browser does not remove all the evidence of sites visited as some information is stored in different places on the computer, depending on which operating system is being used, i.e. Windows XP, Vista or others.
If I donate or sell a computer I no longer need, what should I do to erase my data so that I can feel confident that no one will later be able to access personal information previously stored on it? – Cyndi Tomblin, Cary
The simple solution that is fine in most cases is to use the recovery disks that came with the computer to do a destructive system restore. That will delete the existing partitions and re-create them like they were when the computer was prepped at the factory.
Be aware that this is not a 100 percent solution, as it will leave files in areas on the drive that can be recovered using forensics software.
To be 100 percent certain that no data is recoverable, you need to forensically wipe the hard drive using software that will overwrite the entire hard drive with ones or zeros. You can buy this software at some major retailers, download it from the Internet or have a trusted computer technician do it for you. We offer forensic cleaning of hard drives as one of our services as well.
Is the forensic technology as advanced as television shows such as "CSI" portray? – Amber, Raleigh
Shows like CSI and movies that use forensics as part of the story line use a combination of real forensics techniques and “Hollywood” forensics. Many of the devices you see in movies and on television do not exist at all, or if they do, they do not perform as shown in these stories.
This is especially true regarding computer hacking that you see in movies and on television. You simply cannot break into the Department of Defense's computer network in a couple of minutes by entering some keystrokes into a computer.
Also, when you see someone attach a device to a computer in a movie and they get all the data in 30 seconds, that is plain fantasy. It can take hours to get a copy of a hard drive.
Once you format your hard drive, does it erase everything or can information still be retrieved? – Charles Elliott, Rocky Mount
Formatting a hard drive does not erase any of the data stored on the drive. All formatting does are remove the table the computer uses to find those files, making them invisible, so to speak. Almost any data recovery software can retrieve files from a formatted hard drive.
How did you get started in computer forensics? What was your background beforehand and what classes, etc. did you have to complete prior to your first forensics position? – Wes Miller, Raleigh
I got started in computer forensics initially by doing data recovery for clients. That led to clients asking me to recover specific data that could be used in some types of civil cases.
When I started in this field, I already had more than 20 years of experience with computers and software, doing programming and hardware maintenance. Since 2002, I have attended an additional 100 hours of forensics-specific training.
I am looking into a career in computer/digital forensics. Can you help point me in the right direction in terms of education and as a mentor? – Rissa Chan, Durham
When I started in this field, there were no college programs or public educational programs specific to digital forensics. In the last few years, many universities have added computer-forensics degree programs to their catalogs.
Most of the career opportunities in this field are still in law enforcement. The issue there is that in the vast majority of cases, they require you to serve as a police officer for several years before you can apply to do computer forensics. And even then, there is no guarantee that you will be able to get the position.
The private sector is growing and hiring computer forensics graduates, however, I have not seen the growth in jobs catching up to the number of graduates as of yet.
My daughter is graduating this year from high school and is planning on majoring in forensic science at Western Carolina University. Does this degree get her an entry-level position or will she have to go further to become an expert in a certain area? – Susan Hall, Wake Forest
Nearly all of the traditional forensic fields require advanced degrees and several years of experience to become an expert. Most of the experts such as forensic anthropologists, forensic psychiatrists and DNA experts all practice in a primary area or work as university professors/researchers and only do forensics as part of their practice.
I know “deleting” is a misnomer as it still is retained in your hard drive. Without a court order for search and seizure, with probable cause, how can it be used against me? While the data may be deleted, the hard drive is still my original property in my possession. Yes, any data from most any device can be used in criminal/civil matters (with proper court orders). How does this “free-seizure” of my data be legal (unless aforementioned facts were followed) and then allowed against me? Is this not a violation of my constitutional rights? Thank you! – GDSB, Roanoke Rapids
All data can be used in criminal and civil matters under certain circumstances. I believe your question is more about, when can it be used.
The Fourth Amendment protection against unlawful search and seizure only applies to government entities such as law enforcement.
The Fourth Amendment does not apply to private searches. A private search can be conducted or authorized by anyone who has a legal right to the data stored on the computer, such as employers or spouses. Since computers are common property, spouses can give consent to a private search of the computer.
Also, it is important to remember that you can give up your right to privacy through several means:
When you take your computer to a repair shop, you are giving the computer technician the right to any data on the computer because you have placed the computer in his or her custody.
If you have peer-to-peer file sharing programs installed on your computer and are sharing files on the Internet, intentionally or unintentionally, you have opened the computer to the public and anyone can search the computer remotely, even law enforcement, without a warrant.
If you give the computer away, the new owner has full rights to any data on the computer.
If the police come to your door without a warrant and ask to search the computer, any adult residing at the residence can give consent, whether they own or use the computer at all. As long as the police reasonably believe that the person giving consent has the right to do so, it will normally be allowed in court.
If you have specific questions concerning privacy, your best avenue is to consult an attorney.
Read more Ask Anything interviews!
Ferndale gives warm welcome to the newest craft brewery
A little rain didn't dampen the spirits of the craft beer lovers who turned out in droves Friday night for the opening of Ferndale's newest craft brewer, Urbanrest Brewing Co.
The Pizzimenti sisters from Romeo joined the crowds for Friday's opening. Toni Pizzimenti is a friend of owner Zach Typinski's brother, so the trio traveled out to see the light and airy new space.
Typinski owns the brewery with wife Mary and Scott O'Keefe.
"There doesn't seem to be anything like this in Ferndale," said Natalie Pizzimenti. "I think they'll do well."
Toni Pizzimenti commented on the historic nod the brewery made with its name: It's located in an area that was called Urbanrest before Ferndale was declared a village in 1918.
Jacqueline Pizzimenti said, "It's the perfect scene here," motioning to the open, airy taproom.
Mary and Zach Typinski were hustling Friday night, serving drinks and greeting friends old and new. A patron asked Zach how he was doing and to assess his stress level: "Six," Zach Typinski said. "I'm holding at a six."
In addition to beer, Urbanrest brews kombucha, fermented tea. Mary Typinski said she had brewed 15 gallons before Friday's opening and it sold immediately. "I've got 40 more brewing," she said, so kombucha fans just need to be a little patient.
Their beer lineup:
Golden ale: 4.9%abv 18ibu made with European pilsner, wheat and oats and hopped with Belma and Mosaic. This beer is crisp and clean with a pleasantly bitter finish.
Pale ale: 5.6%abv 45ibu made with English pale malt, wheat and oats. Hopped assertively with Michigan grown Centennial and PNW Citra. This beer was smooth, with a slightly sweet note.
IPA: 6.6%abv 50ibu made with Organic pale malt, wheat and oats galore. Hopped with Amarillo, Citra, Mosaic and El Dorado. A nicely done classic IPA, this went down well.
Prince Junior: 6.4%abv 45ibu Porter made with English pale, chocolate and black malt and oats galore. Strong chocolatey notes are the hallmark of this beer, which Zach said "is really luscious right now." He's not exaggerating.
Hours for this weekend are:
Friday 4 p.m.-12 a.m.
Saturday Noon to 12 a.m.
Sunday Noon to 5 p.m.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tuCMJw
Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel speaks after winning re-election on Nov. 4, 2014. (Photo: AP file)
COLUMBUS, Ohio - Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel's office has spent nearly $1.7 million in taxpayer dollars on TV ads featuring himself and Ohio State University football coach Urban Meyer to boost an investment program for disabled Ohioans.
Critics say Mandel -- a Republican who announced his run for U.S. Senate six months after the ads began running -- dodged scrutiny of the self-promotional ads by spending less than $50,000 at each station, so the buys were not subject to external review.
Mandel's office defended the ads as necessary to raise awareness of the new STABLE investment program, which allows people with disabilities and their families to contribute money tax-free for housing, education and other expenses, without affecting federal benefit eligibility.
"Treasurer Mandel is on the side of the taxpayers and is proud to be a national leader in helping people with Down syndrome, autism and other disabilities," spokesman Chris Berry said in an email.
To read more, go to Cleveland.com.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2m7KfdM
SACRAMENTO (CBS) — Echoes of Orlando filled the California state Capitol on Tuesday as guns dominated the conversation and debate.
Ten bills involving gun rights were presented in committee meetings. All 10 passed.
The discussion was set in light of the Orlando shooting massacre.
“California can't do it alone, but we can start,” said Assemblyman Bill Quirk
The focus on action for some in the Assembly public safety committee.
“Individuals keep saying lets pray for change,” said Assemblyman Evan Low of San Jose, “We're not going to pray for change. We're going to legislate for change.”
Low is in favor of tougher gun laws. He spoke directly to a National Rifle Association lobbyist during the meeting, blaming his organization for what happened in Orlando.
“It's very difficult for me to sit here and look at you in the eyes and have respect for you sir,” said Low.
Sam Paredes of Gun Owners of California took offense to Low's comments.
“If they want to go that way, boy, we can do that too and they won't like it,” said Paredes.
Ammunition also came under fire from legislatures. A proposed bill would create a statewide ammunition registration.
“It will make the cost of ammunition sky rocket and will literally put a lot of ammunition vendors out of business,” said Paredes.
“That's what we're supposed to do as legislators, is to legislate to make sure that the people of California and our nation are safe,” said State Sen. Isadore Hall of Los Angeles.
Another bill would force gun owners to keep better track of their weapons. The measure would require people to report a lost or stolen gun within a reasonable amount of time.
“Lets keep these firearms out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them,” said State Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson, “That's what this bill does and I'm pleased that it's moving forward.”
The tense moments, raw emotion, and mentions of Orlando dominated the meetings.
One woman breaking down while advocating for restrictions on high powered assault style weapons Her daughter was killed in a workplace shooting.
“Every life that is lost, there is a family behind these people, that person who are impacted forever,” said Amanda Wilcox with the California Chapter of the Brady Campaign.
Assemblyman Tom Lackey said the emotion of the conversation “can blur the vision” moving forward. He warned about making quick judgments.
“Guns aren't the source of the violence, it's bad people,” said Lackey.
His efforts fell short.
Below are a list of the bills presented on Tuesday.
Advertisement
Millions of Shi'ite Muslim pilgrims defied the threat of ISIS attacks and thronged the Iraqi shrine city of Karbala for the climax of annual Arbaeen mourning rituals.
Some had walked for more than 12 days, from Iraq's far south or across the border from Iran, while others were bused in or crammed into lorries for the journey.
Defence Minister Khaled al-Obeidi said a total of 17million will have gone through Karbala for Arbaeen this year, including more than four million foreigners from 60 countries.
A sea of devotees descended on the city's shrine of Imam Hussein, beating their heads and chests to show remorse for not saving him from the armies of the caliph Yazid that beheaded him in 680 AD.
While many chanted in unison, rapt in a collective religious trance, others were keenly aware of the symbolic power Arbaeen could have in the war against the Islamic State group.
Scroll down for video
Shi'ite Muslim pilgrims reach out to touch the tomb of the Prophet Mohammad's grandson, Imam al-Abbas, to mark the festival of Arbaeen in the Iraqi holy city of Kerbala, southwest of Baghdad in defiance of threats of terror attacks by the Islamic State
Some pilgrims walked for more than 12 days from Iraq's far south or across the border from Iran, to visit the city's shrine of Imam Hussein
A sea of devotees descended on the city's shrine of Imam Hussein, beating their heads and chests to show remorse for not saving him from the armies of the caliph Yazid that beheaded him in 680 AD
While many chanted in unison, rapt in a collective religious trance, others were keenly aware of the symbolic power Arbaeen could have in the war against the Islamic State group
A mortar attack that killed one person on Friday highlighted the security concerns surrounding what is believed to be one of the largest religious gatherings in the world.
But the pilgrims were undeterred.
'Forget mortars, even if it rains jihadists on Karbala, we will not be prevented from visiting the Imam Hussein shrine,' said Kadhem Hussein, a 25-year-old who had walked from Nasiriyah, some 300 kilometres (180 miles) away.
The Islamic State - led by Sunni extremists - considers Shi'ites to be heretics and has made targeting the community one of its main objectives.
The head of Karbala operations command, brigadier General Qais Khalaf Rahim, said the number of security personnel in Karbala was boosted by 15,000 to 40,000 following the mortar attack.
'The efforts of these jihadists are vain because we have all come to Karbala ready to sacrifice, wishing to become martyrs,' said Abdel Hussein Salem, who volunteered to serve food to pilgrims in the city.
Leaders in Iraq's Shi'ite-dominated government and clerics have been keen to cast the pilgrimage as an act of resistance against the jihadists who seized swathes of the country in June.
The shrine to Imam Hussein in the holy city of Karbala, south of Baghdad, was illuminated tonight on the final day of mourning
Millions lined the streets as the shrine was lit in amber hues which glowed across the city of Karbala on the final day of Arbaeen
An aerial view of the shrine to Imam Hussein, the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who died in martyrdom, in Karbala this evening
Security in the holy Iraqi city was heightened amid threats from ISIS militants who view Shi'ites as heretic in their interpretation of Islam faith
Many of the million or so Iranians who flocked to Iraq said they were performing the pilgrimage on the order of their nation's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Turnout estimates were hard to verify independently, but all officials seemed to agree this Arbaeen was the largest they had ever seen. Some southern towns and cities looked emptied of their population.
Rahim said new access roads had to be opened to handle the flow of pilgrims converging on Karbala, a medium-sized city around 70 kilometres (45 miles) south of Baghdad.
Even Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, the most revered Shi'ite cleric in Iraq, acknowledged Friday that Karbala 'is not, in its current state, able to accommodate such huge numbers of visitors'.
Aerial views of the city showed rivers of black-clad faithful, many wearing coloured headbands and waving flags, as far as the eye could see.
Men perched on walls, roofs and window sills attempted to direct the flow of weeping and chanting visitors in order to avoid stampedes.
In the holy city of Karbala, south of Baghdad, an estimated 17million Shi'ite Muslims have gathered over the last 40 days. Above, the shrine to Imam Hussein to which worshippers have flocked
An aerial view of the shrine to Imam Huseein in Karbala shows millions of Shi'ite Muslims flooding the streets surrounding the mosque
Ali Sabri, an Iranian from Tabriz, running a large 'mawkab' - one of the 7,000 spots serving food and beverages to the pilgrims in Karbala - shipped in a bread-making machine that can churn out 90,000 flatbreads in eight hours.
'I will present this machine as a gift to the shrine authorities after the pilgrimage,' he said.
As night fell on Karbala, tens of thousands of the faithful knelt in perfect rows for a mass flood-lit prayer outside the shrine, with its glittering golden dome and two minarets.
The security deployment has been massive, amid fears ISIS and its seemingly endless supply of suicide bombers could seek to cause maximum casualties by attacking large crowds.
Access to central Baghdad has been very restricted for days, to minimise the risk of major attacks and avoid a complete logjam.
Millions of people have travelled to the Iraqi city where concerns over threats from IS militants led officials to heighten security
Shi'ite Muslims carry different flags representing the countries from which they have travelled to Karbala in Iraq for Arbaeen
Inside a mosque in Karbala Shi'ite Muslim men wear green turbans and remove their shirts for the festival held every year
Groups of worshippers raise in salute of Imam Hussein yesterday ahead of the religious festival's climax in Karbala today
Muslims raise their hands in praise of the Prophet Mohammed's grandson outside the shrine which bears his name in Karbala
Iraqi officials have stressed how crucial a recent military victory against the jihadists in the Jurf al-Sakhr area has been in making the pilgrimage possible.
The continued presence there of ISIS fighters would have endangered the pilgrims walking through an area that has been dubbed the 'triangle of death'.
Few incidents have been reported, however.
Besides Friday's deadly mortar fire near Karbala, which fell short of the area where pilgrims were congregating, four people were killed in crowd management-related incidents.
Three other people were killed earlier this week by a bomb blast targeting pilgrims in Baghdad.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Pakistani Muslims drew blood as they whipped themselves with chains in Rawalpindi for the religious ceremony.
In Iran, at the shrine to Imam Abdulazim in Shahr-e-Ray, hundreds gather in worship for the Prophet Mohammed's grandson
A young man joins worshippers outside the shrine of the Shi'ite Saint Immam Abdulazim in Shahr-e-Ray, south of Tehran in Iran
Elsewhere in Iran young men gather inside a mosque to show their respect of the martyred religious figure as the festival came to a climax
In Karbala, men covered in dirt and dust sing in ritual at the end of 40 days of mourning for Imam Hussein
Mourners in Iran mourners gather with commemorative ribbons around their necks and waving flags above their heads in worship
Hundreds of Shi'ite Muslims gathered in Rawalpindi in Pakistan where mourners struck themselves with chains to commemorate the death of the Prophet Mohammed's grandson in a holy festival known as Arbaeen
Two men sling metal chains around their torsos and backs in an act of religious respect at the ceremony in Rawalpindi, Pakistan, today
Men and young children watch on as two mourners flagellate as part of the religious festival today considered one of the most important in the Muslim calendar
A man grimaces as he hits himself in the back with blades attached to chains in the festival in Rawalpindi, Pakistan
Mourners gather in group worship to commemorate the death of the Prophet Mohammed's grandson in the festival of Arbaeen
We're only a few months into this congressional session, and it's clear Republicans can't govern.
And it's not Democrats or liberals making that observation — it's Republicans.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We really don't have 218 votes to determine a bathroom break over here on our side,” said Republican Pennsylvania Rep. Charlie Dent. “So how are we going to get 218 votes on transportation or trade or whatever the issue?”
That's the polite way to put it. The less polite way? “Bad tactics yield bad outcomes,” he added, noting that Republican leadership had engaged in “tactical malpractice.”
Also not polite? “There's an element within our party, a wing within the Congress, which is absolutely irresponsible,” said Republican New York Rep. Pete King. “They have no concept of reality.” Harsh, but true. “I've had it with this self-righteous delusional wing of the party that leads us over the cliff,” he added.
“We all know how this is going to turn out,” said Republican Rep. Mike Simpson of Idaho, noting the stupidity of the recent Department of Homeland Security funding fight. “Politically, it's devastating.”
Said conservative pundit George Will on “Fox News Sunday”: “When the Republicans took control of the Senate, the fundamental promise was adult supervision … Now, this comes along.” “This,” of course, is the mess congressional Republicans have made of late.
And don't let anyone accuse Republicans of never being bipartisan. We can find common ground over this: “If the whole point of [the 2014] election was just simply to give John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE and Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies Nicer offices, let's give them back,” said Louisiana governor and presidential wannabe Bobby Jindal.
That could certainly be arranged by the electorate in 2016, particularly given the GOP's lingering unpopularity in a high-turnout presidential election year.
“What we're going to have to do is help do a better job of selling why things have to be done,” said Texas Rep. Pete Sessions, fretting about his party's lack of popular support. “We've got to sell it to the American people to make our ideas popular.”
Yup, Republicans can't depend on Democratic voters staying home during a presidential year. They actually have to appeal to the American mainstream.
Maybe that's why a super-PAC aligned with the Republican House Speaker spent hundreds of thousands of dollars attacking fellow Republican House conservatives on the air, accusing them of being “willing to put our security at risk, by jeopardizing critical security funding. It's the wrong message to send to our enemies.”
The American public certainly doesn't have a problem with President Obama's immigration orders prohibiting immigrant parents from being torn away from their American citizen children, but it does have a problem with jeopardizing national security thanks to the Republicans' silly tantrum.
So yeah, the GOP needs to work on that “popularity” thing a bit more.
Still, with Republicans bitterly divided, their leadership has to now convince the nation it knows what it's doing.
“I made it very clear after the November election, we're certainly not going to shut down the government or default on the national debt,” said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.). “We'll figure some way to handle that.”
As we've found out time and time again, “some way” really comes down to Democrats taking over the process and leading the way, just like they did with the clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security.
No one should be surprised that the party hostile to government is terrible at running the government. It's just nice seeing Republicans admit that fact.
Moulitsas is the founder and publisher of Daily Kos.
WSJ's James Taranto presented a “compare & contrast” of Salon articles that were published following the deaths of Antonin Scalia and Osama bin Laden:
How's that for an offset?
Remarkable difference of reaction. https://t.co/7mTNt4T48K — J. Michael Barnes (@wufpackmike) February 19, 2016
Awful. But then again, it's Salon.
@jamestaranto @instapundit Seond piece on celebrating Scalia's death explicitly said it was wrong to celebrate Bin Laden's — Don Surber (@donsurber) February 19, 2016
https://twitter.com/dinok1975/status/700531466674053120
@jamestaranto @JammieWF Majority of Salon clicks likely from those who can't believe they really said something — Boris_Badenoff (@Boris_Badenoff) February 19, 2016
.@Salon likes Bin Laden more than it does Scalia, but in this climate and these times that's perfectly acceptable! https://t.co/JIBRgRG0ww — James M. Cain (@dmcparson) February 19, 2016
@jamestaranto @jtLOL @Salon must I in fact read TWO Salon articles??? I need a lot more coffee first… — Mark Anderson (@Manderskat) February 19, 2016
@jamestaranto @instapundit Nice Juxtaposition. Salon's concerned 4 grave dancing on a killer of 1000s, Hates an Obstruction to Dictatorship — Simarilian (@simarilian) February 19, 2016
Why do I continue to be shocked? https://t.co/utuloEdrXn — LJN (@ljnuzzi) February 19, 2016
More Salon insanity here.
Eli Lake travels to Somalia to see where captures pirates and suspected members of Al-Shabaab end up after they are arrested. They end up in places like the Bosaso Central Prison:
One answer can be found here in the dusty Somali port city of Bosaso, where corrugated-metal shacks look as if they might be blown away in the next storm, and summer temperatures easily top 110 degrees. Overcrowded, underfunded, and reeking of urine, the Bosaso Central Prison could make even the most dedicated insurgent regret ever getting into the terrorism business. Many inmates don't have shoes, and instead of uniforms, they wear filthy T-shirts and ankle-length garments wrapped around their waists that resemble sarongs (called ma-awis in Somali). When I visited earlier this year, the warden, Shura Sayeed Mohammed, told me he had 393 prisoners in a place designed to hold no more than 300. He said that since 2009, he had received 16 inmates captured by Americans.
...
Alan Cole, a program coordinator for the counterpiracy program of the U.N. Office of Drugs and Crime, oversees a project to renovate the prison. “The big issues are overcrowding, lack of running water, and lack of sanitation,” said Cole. Just this month, the agency managed to fix one of those problems when it installed running water for the first time. Previously, water was brought in on trucks, which were at times delayed. The U.N. is now working on a plan to add extra rooms that will accommodate 200 more prisoners, and a new wing for women. Cole says one cell designed for 30 people will sometimes hold 100 people, a problem made worse during the hot summer months. “When you have overcrowding in a cell that is very hot, guys end up with skin disease that spreads very quickly. It's like a heat rash, they start bleeding, it passes onto the other prisoners,” says Cole.
Lake notes that Bosaso Central Prison is a symptom of new anti-terror policies which do not rely on using Guantanamo Bay or CIA black sites in Europe:
Bosaso, along with other remote prisons around the world, is one of the less well-known and least-understood aspects of the war on terror. When President Barack Obama came into office, he expanded the scope of Central Intelligence Agency and military-drone operations in the Islamic world, while also taking steps to end America's role in detaining suspects captured overseas in that war. He shut the remaining CIA black site prisons in Europe, and handed over high-value Iraqi detainees to the Iraqi courts. Guantanamo Bay no longer takes new inmates, though it continues to house prisoners who haven't yet been transferred to other countries.
...
In practice, however, Obama's plan to get America out of the international jailer business means that developing-world prisons have picked up the slack. A look inside the Bosaso prison provides a snapshot of what life is like in a post-Gitmo world. Many of the prisoners here are alleged pirates, captured in the coastal Somali towns that have become breeding grounds for international piracy. Others are suspected Islamic insurgents of al-Shabab, a group affiliated with al Qaeda.
Share. I'm Commander Shepard and this is my favorite competition... I'm Commander Shepard and this is my favorite competition...
There are two minor character roles in Mass Effect Andromeda up for grabs, and Bioware is asking for fans to play them.
The scripts for the two characters are available, and if you want the chance to win a role, you'll have to record yourself reading the script (either audio or video), and send it to Bioware.
Exit Theatre Mode
Bioware says "your entry will be judged on the quality of your voice performance and how well it matches the Mass Effect style."
You have from now until September 28 to enter, when the judging will begin by a panel of Bioware employees. The eventual winner will be notified on or before November 30, and will then be flown to one of Bioware's recording studios, put up in a hotel for two nights, and perform in a professional recording session.
As for the characters, you have the chance to play Jordan Tate, "a smart and talented indie documentarian eager to give the real perspective on life in Andromeda."
There's also "Tough Mercenary," and in the scene you'll be talking "about some of the difficulties of living on the frontier and being pioneers in a new world."
Exit Theatre Mode
Bioware is remaining tight-lipped on many of the details about Mass Effect Andromeda, but we do now know the two main characters are brother and sister. The next big reveal for the game will be coming in November.
Matt Porter is a freelance writer based in London. Make sure to visit what he thinks is the best website in the world, but is actually just his Twitter page.
After an insurance industry report said that premiums would rise sharply with the passage of comprehensive health care legislation, Jon Gruber, a health care economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said he evaluated the report Monday at the request of Senate Democrats and found it deeply flawed.
The industry report, prepared by PricewaterhouseCoopers, was released Sunday evening by America's Health Insurance Plans, the major industry trade group, and has sparked a furor, drawing angry responses from the White House, Congressional Democrats and other supporters of the legislation.
Mr. Gruber, who helped Massachusetts with its effort to provide universal health insurance coverage, said that the industry report failed to take into account administrative overhead costs that he said will “fall enormously” once insurance polices are sold through new government-regulated marketplaces, or exchanges.
And Mr. Gruber said that the PricewaterhouseCoopers report failed to take into account government subsidies that would be provided to help moderate-income Americans purchase insurance. PricewaterhouseCoopers acknowledged in its report that it did not factor in the effect of those subsidies.
As a result, Mr. Gruber reached the opposite conclusion of the insurance industry.
He said that premiums would actually decline for individuals purchasing and families purchasing insurance, either with or without the government subsidies. Mr. Gruber's analysis did not look at employer-sponsored plans or group plans.
“If you literally take the data from the Congressional Budget Office you can see that individuals will be saving money in a nongroup market,'' he said.
But the findings by Mr. Gruber, a prominent health economist, seemed unlikely to diminish the partisan firefight that has erupted in recent days, with Republicans citing the insurance industry report as evidence of their belief that the Democrats' health care legislation would lead to higher taxes and higher costs.
The insurance industry report seeks to predict what will happen to insurance premiums across the entire industry, which is a very broad approach.
And the reality is that it is virtually impossible to predict the impact that the proposed legislation will have on insurance premiums.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which has thoroughly analyzed all of the major legislative proposals in Congress, has said that it cannot forecast what would happen to premiums because so many uncertain variables come into play.
Generally speaking, health insurance premiums are expected to rise. For example, the federal Office of Personnel Management recently said that health insurance premiums for federal government employees would rise an average of 8.8 percent in 2010, and in the most popular Blue Cross insurance plans the premiums would increase 15 percent for individual coverage and 12 percent for family coverage.
Whether premiums will increase more or less than otherwise would have been expected as a result of the overhaul depends on innumerable factors, including the specifics of the legislation, which has yet to be approved, and the specifics of individual policies, which could change based on the specifics of the legislation.
In addition, the legislation could lead to other unexpected changes in the health care system that could drive overall prices up or down in the short term.
Mr. Gruber also disputed an assertion in the insurance industry report that some plans meeting the minimum requirements in the proposed legislation, so-called “bronze plans,” would be so costly that they would be hit by a proposed excise tax on high-priced or “Cadillac” insurance policies.
Mr. Gruber called that claim “completely implausible” and said that the industry report overstated the cost of a bronze plan, even in a state with extremely expensive insurance prices.
Here's his analysis:
The Senate Finance Committee Proposal Lowers Nongroup Premiums
Jonathan Gruber, M.I.T.
Oct. 12, 2009
The Senate Finance Committee proposal includes health insurance and delivery system reforms, new options, premium assistance and other proposals to improve quality, affordable health care for all Americans through state-based exchanges. The premiums that individuals will face in these exchanges are, according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, considerably lower than what they would face in the existing nongroup insurance market, due to the market reforms put in place by the S.F.C. plan and the market economies of new exchanges. This report, and the attached slides, illustrates this point by relying solely on analysis available from C.B.O., as well as the details of the premium assistance available through tax credits in the Senate Finance plan.[1] In addition, following the usual assumption in my model I assume that health insurance premiums grow at 6 percent/year.
The analysis focused on two types of individuals and a family: a 25-year-old, a 60-year-old, and a family of four where the family head is 45 years old. I examined these family types at four different income levels, where they would be getting four different tax credits for premiums. The impact is for 2016, the first fully-phased in year of the reforms, although income is expressed in $2009 for ease of interpretation. The analysis compares what they would pay if they are currently insured in the nongroup market versus what they will pay in the exchange.
Under the Senate Finance Committee proposal, the average estimate premium changes would mean:
* Sizeable premium savings for young. An individual aged 25 at $19,000 in income (175 percent of poverty) would benefit from tax credits and would save, on average, $685. A higher income young person could always buy a “bronze” plan without tax credits for a savings of $230. Moreover, they could qualify for a catastrophic policy – also known as a “young invincible” policy. This policy would cost on average only $1,190, saving them $585 at all income levels.
* Even larger premium savings for older individuals. A person age 60 with income at $19,000 (175 percent of poverty) would save, on average, $7,890. A person at age 60 with income at $40,600 (375 percent of poverty) would continue to benefit from tax credits and would save, on average, $4,100. Even at a high enough income level to not benefit from tax credits, older persons purchasing a bronze plan would save about $2,800.
* Also large premium savings for a family. A family with income at $38,000 (175 percent of poverty) would save, on average, $8,550. That same family with higher income could buy a “bronze” plan without tax credits at a savings of $2,430 over current nongroup prices.
Conclusion: The nonpartisan analysis based on information from the C.B.O. shows clearly that for those facing purchase in the nongroup market, the S.F.C. bill will deliver savings ranging from several hundred dollars for the youngest consumers to over $8,500 for families. This is in addition to all the other benefits that this legislation will deliver to those consumers – in particular the guarantee, unavailable in most states, that prices would not be raised or the policy revoked if they became ill.
[1] The C.B.O. reports that a typical nongroup single plan is projected to cost $6,000 in 2016. For the family plan for a family of four, I assume the premium is 2.7 times the single premium, as with group insurance. I assume that there is a 5:1 ratio between premiums for 25- and 60-year-olds in the existing nongroup market. The C.B.O. also reports that a silver plan (with an actuarial value of 0.70) would cost on average $5,000 in 2016. The Bronze plan has an AV of 0.65, so the price is 93 percent as high. I assume that the premium for a 25-year-old is half that amount and for a 60-year-old is twice that amount for a total age band of 4:1. For the catastrophic premium, I assume and actuarial value of 0.5. For a family plan, I assume that the premium is 2.7 times the single premium.
Dutch Socialist party leader Emile Roemer.
See also "Rise and rise of the Dutch Socialist Party".
Statement from the Dutch Socialist Party after the 2012 election: 'Wherever there is injustice, There we will be found'
Statement from the Dutch Socialist Party after the national elections
September 12, 2012 -- A combative Emile Roemer addressed hundreds of Socialist Party members in the Paard van Troje (Trojan Horse) venue in The Hague (Den Haag). The SP held on 15to its seats, despite a fiercely fought two-horse race between the PvdA (Labour Party) and the VVD (centre-right liberals). "Yes. I am extremely proud of this party and of the million people who voted for us", said Roemer. "And yes, I am also disappointed. That is logical when only a short time ago we stood so high in the polls. But that disappointment will last around five minutes. Our campaign for the next election begins – as is always the case with the SP – today."
During his speech Roemer thanked the million people who voted today for the SP and congratulated the VVD, the PvdA and newcomer 50+ (Pensioners' Party) for their electoral performance. "We fought a good campaign", said Emile Roemer. "More people than ever took part. Every town, every village, every street, every factory, we could be found there. I want to thank all of those people. The number of our volunteers has grown, the number of our members has grown enormously and our message can count on broad support. What we have not yet succeeded in doing is in persuading people that our party can also really govern. That is the next step."
Roemer ended his speech with a firm promise to the million people who entrusted their vote to the SP. "We owe a debt to these people", he said. "They have put their faith in us, that is the highest praise that people can give you. We will keep on fighting, and wherever there is injustice we will be found. Whether we are in government or not, they are going to come up against us, inside and outside parliament. This party is as solid as a house. Yesterday, today and tomorrow."
A hangover instead of an earthquake
By Alex de Jong, the Netherlands
September 13, 2012 – Links international Journal of Socialist Renewal -- The Dutch Socialist Party (SP) won 15 seats in the Netherlands' national elections on September 12, the same number it had before. With the prognoses of two weeks ago fresh in memory – when the SP according to opinion polls stood to win around 35 seats, around 24 per cent of the vote, and international media like The Economist raising alarm over SP-leader Emile Roemer's “far-left party” – that result was a disappointment for Dutch leftists. But it shouldn't come as a surprise.
Those polls predicted a political earthquake. For a moment, it seemed as if the traditional social-democratic party, the Labour Party (or PvdA in the Dutch initials) would be overtaken by a party to its left. To understand why instead the ruling right-wing party won a large victory and the other big winner was the Labour Party, we need to look at what kind of earthquake these polls predicted.
The SP is not very similar to Greece's SYRIZA or the France's Front de Gauche, to name two parties it has been compared with. Its election program was a progressive social-democratic program that proposed measures like increased spending on social housing, the environment and public transport and an increase in the minimum wage. In terms of changing property relations, there were some proposals to (partially) reverse a number of the privatisations that took place in the last two decades (for example the railways and the postal service). There were no proposals to nationalise, for example, parts of the financial sector.
Regarding the austerity measures promoted by the European Union, the SP rejected a centrepiece of this, the “European Stability and Growth Pact”, which demands the budget deficit of EU countries should be below 3 per cent in 2013. But the party did commit itself to the same goal, only two years later in 2015. An increase of the pension age from 65 to 67 after 2025 was accepted as inevitable.
Labour Party supporters move left
The SP's program is to the right of what the Dutch Labour Party was saying in the 1970s and is not that different from what one might hear in the circles of France's Parti Socialiste of Hollande.
That this party is still labeled “far left”, and clearly is the most left-wing national political force in the Netherlands, indicates the general political mood and balance of forces. And it shows how far to the right the other parties, including the Labour Party and the Greens, have moved (with the possible exception of the small Animal Party, a pro-animal rights group).
The SP is the only party in the Dutch parliament that rejects neoliberalism. Of course, despite the relative mildness of the SP's program, the right was still foaming at the mouth when polls showed the SP could possibly become the biggest party in the country.
A large proportion of the people who said then they would vote for the SP were Labour Party supporters. There exists a longer-term trend of Labour Party voters, sick of the betrayals of this “third way”, social-liberal party, moving further to the left. An important development in the Dutch left and workers' movement is this shift of a considerable part of the old social base of social democracy to the SP.
Among trade unionists, for example, the SP is now more popular than the Labour Party. As the Labour Party has moved to the right, disappointed PvdA supporters found the SP willing to play the role that had earlier been played by social democracy. And this time, even more Labour Party voters said they would vote for the SP as it seemed like it had a chance of becoming the biggest party. If the SP had become the largest party, it would have prevented the current right-wing prime minister of the extremely neoliberal VVD, Mark Rutte, from returning for a second term.
‘Roemer or Rutte'
“Roemer or Rutte”, that was a central message of the SP's campaign. This wasn't the first time participation in government was a central theme in the SP's campaign. In 2006, the party won a record number of seats (25), in a mood of enthusiasm similar to what we saw a few weeks ago. That time, the other parties managed to exclude the SP from the formation of a government coalition and successfully put the blame for this on the SP's supposed ‘radicalism' and ‘unwillingness to compromise'. To avoid a repetition of this, the SP leadership decided the party had to make a number of concessions, lose its radical image and show it was prepared to govern. This approach seemed successful – for a while.
But since people were not asked to vote for the SP's program and its solutions for the crisis, but for a future prime minister, the “experienced” Labour Party became more and a more logical choice for many of them. The moment the Labour Party won only a nose-length over the SP in opinion polls, voters started massively to leave Roemer for the leader of the Labour Party, Diederik Samson, since he seemed to have more chance of preventing a return of Rutte.
Right-wing media campaign
The right-wing campaign in the media against the SP undoubtedly played a role in this -- but such a campaign was entirely predictable. That right-wing ghost stories about how the “Maoist” Roemer was going to “turn the Netherlands into Greece” and how in general the SP's policies were irresponsible radicalism seemed credible to many people, including many who consider themselves to be on the left, only shows how deeply rooted the neoliberal ideology still is in this country. This campaign not only rallied the right behind the VVD, it also scared many potential SP voters,back into the arms of the supposedly “more responsible” Labour Party.
Equally predictable was that the Labour Party, under pressure from the SP, adopted a much more left-wing discourse than it had used for years, trying and succeeding, to win back many voters. At the same time, it viciously attacked the SP. The SP found it difficult to respond to those attacks since it had entered the campaign stressing it had a lot in common with the Labour Party, the party that would be the most logical partner of the SP in any coalition. The choice for a moderate profile and election program cost the SP part of its appeal as the party of social protest without enabling it to beat the Labour Party at its own game posing as the “responsible” and “realistic” choice for a progressive government.
Deeper roots
The failure of the SP's attempt to become the country's biggest left party has deeper roots than mistakes in its election strategy. The 35 or 37 out of a total 150 parliamentary seats the most optimistic polls predicted showed a party whose temporary electoral popularity was not reflected by a corresponding leftward shift in society. For the last decade the total number of seats for the left in parliament (Labour Party, Greens and SP) fluctuated between the 35 and 43 per cent. The exception were the elections in 2002, when the country did see a real political earthquake with the breakthrough of the populist, islamophobic far-right, now represented by Geert Wilders, and the left was reduced to 42 seats.
Although the country has seen a few high-profile strikes the last few years, especially by teachers and cleaners, the number of strike days in 2011 was the lowest since 2003. The trend for this year seems to be little different. Other social movements have been weak as well. Despite the continuing appeal of the far right (Wilders lost heavily in the election but still managed to win 15 seats), the country has seen very few anti-racist protests. And despite continuing Dutch involvement in the occupation of Afghanistan the anti-war movement is practically non-existent; it was small even when Dutch troops were still in both Afghanistan and Iraq. In short, few people have gone through a process of politicisation and struggle that matched the kind of leftward shift the polls seemed to predict, nor did the political debate in society show a sharp turn to the left.
Right-wing government
For now, the big winner is the VVD. This party took part in the most right-wing government the country has seen since the WWII and it is the most vocal supporter of deep cuts and strict austerity. And it won around 10 more seats, becoming the largest party in parliament. In fact, it has never been larger in parliament. Where the PvdA posed as “left”, the VVD adopted an aggressively right-wing tone, attracting a considerable number of the supporters of Geert Wilders with anti-immigrant and “law-and-order” themes. The second big winner is the Labour Party, winning new eight seats and now with just three seats less than the VVD. The most likely scenario is a coalition of Labour and the VVD, plus at least one more party.
For the left, the main question now is what conclusions will be drawn from this by the SP. Before the elections, the SP moved to the centre on such issues as the pension age to become “acceptable” for the Labour Party and parts of the right as a potential coalition partner. Because of the Dutch electoral system, any government needs to be a coalition of multiple parties, usually three or more, to have a majority.
Will the SP decide it needs to move further to the centre – or will it return to its roots as the party of anti-neoliberal protest? Both options are still open. Despite the disappointment of the elections, the SP is still a very strong party with a large representation in parliament and thousands of active members. If it consistently fights the neoliberal consensus in Dutch politics, it can play a major and much needed role in social struggles in the Netherlands.
[Alex de Jong is editor of Grenzeloos, the journal of the Dutch section of the Fourth International.]
August 16, 2017 - Earth Twine, Incorporated formally announces its partnership with Stratis Group LTD.
VISIONS ALIGNED: This partnership creates the first dedicated blockchain system for origin data and tracking for the international seafood industry – the Earth Twine Platform.
The companies have entered into an agreement that will advance an exceptional level of trust, reliability and speed throughout existing industry processes. This is made possible by Stratis blockchain technology. Earth Twine and Stratis are committed to developing an innovative approach for trading and compliance based on their exceptional reach and experience.
As seafood industry professionals, the Earth Twine team has created a solution born of the seafood industry itself. In collaboration with The Association of International Seafood Professionals (AISP), Earth Twine has established the means for inclusive representation of all sectors of seafood professionals.
Earth Twine's comprehensive understanding of the unique seafood supply chain, and the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR's) has led to the development of its solution that provides a product for all stakeholders of the supply chain, small and large.
The Earth Twine platform combines collaborative technologies (Earth Twine, SPARKL, Stratis Platform), and will provide the means for tracking mandatory data for IUU compliance.
SPARKL enables our multiple tracking applications and systems to work collaboratively within legacy environments. This fuels the platform to orchestrate multiple structures and will reduce complexities in the seafood supply chain.
Stratis will establish distinct, dedicated blockchains, tokens and applications to integrate Earth Twine's global seafood tracking solution onto the blockchain. This rapid innovation and development will transform the seafood industry by introducing unprecedented levels of trust, collaboration and settlement, which will help make it more productive and sustainable.
“The global fish & seafood market had total revenues of $158.1bn in 2015, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 3.8% between 2011 and 2015. Depending on assumptions, projected global demand for seafood will be between 138 and 159 million Metric Tons (MT) by 2025. Aquaculture production would then need to be between 74 and 100 million MT by 2025, an increase of 22 or 42 million MT from 2008 levels.”
- Wise Guy Reports
Starting January 2018, the Seafood Import Monitoring Program requires specific data related to seafood imports to be provided electronically to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. For many years, illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing and/or misrepresented seafood have affected global seafood markets.
Species affected by this program include; Atlantic Cod, Blue Crab (Atlantic), Dolphinfish (Mahi Mahi), Grouper, King Crab (Red), Pacific Cod, Red Snapper, Sea Cucumber, Shark, Shrimp, Swordfish, Tuna (Albacore, Bigeye, Skipjack, Yellowfin and Bluefin).
The Earth Twine-Stratis Platform will significantly help solve the NOAA Compliance Standards (who, what, when, where) that will confirm and validate the information as proof positive.
Another fundamental partnership for Earth Twine is Greenberg Traurig Law, the largest law firm in the USA. The Earth Twine team benefits from Greenberg Traurig Law's international presence, industry specific knowledge of blockchain innovation, and its evolution and emerging regulations around cryptocurrencies by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to help steer future crowdsourcing efforts and international transactions involving digital currencies.
For enquiries contact:
Earth Twine, Inc.: info@earthtwine.com
Stratis Group Ltd.: info@stratisplatform.com
Company name: Stratis Group Ltd
Company site: http://www.stratisplatform.com
Email: Info@stratisplatform.com
Fans turned out by the thousands on Thursday to see new Maple Leaf forward Dave Bolland parade the Stanley Cup through Toronto's west end.
Bolland, who grew up in the Toronto neighbourhood of Mimico, brought the cup to a children's hospital in London, Ont. earlier in the day before landing at a local hockey arena to greet fans.
Bolland scored the winning goal in Game 6 of the Stanley Cup final to win the Cup for the Chicago Blackhawks.
He addressed the crowd and thanked all those in attendance, adding that it was sad leaving Chicago but that he is happy to be a Maple Leaf and is looking forward to "having some fun with the cup."
Dave Bolland is seen showing off the Stanley Cup in Mimico on Thursday. (Stephanie Matteis/CBC)
Each Stanley Cup winning teammate get 24 hours with the cup, and Bolland previously brought the Cup to the west-end neighbourhood in 2010 when the Blackhawks last won the championship.
Attendance was definitely up from 2010 though, as police estimated about 3,000 people came out for the parade. Fans wore both Chicago Blackhawks colours and Toronto Maple Leafs jerseys, and some screamed at Bolland to bring the cup back the "same time next year."
Bolland joked that the Cup was a bit heavy as he repeatedly hoisted it over his head, adding that he hoped to bring the Cup back to Toronto as a Leaf in the future.
Bolland said he also planned to bring the Cup to a famous local watering hole Thursday night called "The Blue Goose," where fans eagerly awaited a chance to see the coveted trophy and the Mimico native up close.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford was also in attendance with his brother Coun. Doug Ford, and said the day was great for the morale of Leaf fans, calling Toronto a "hockey city."
"It's huge, it's huge. Bolland's a tough guy and that's what we need. He's great on the Leafs. We'll bring it back, we'll bring it back," Ford said.
"We came close this year. We could almost knock off Boston and look how far Boston went. I think we can take it this year for sure."
Superstitions became apparent when Coun. Mark Grimes, who organized the event, chastized the mayor for putting his hands on the Cup, to which Ford replied "come on, come on," in apparent disbelief.
Bolland, whose goal came with just under a minute left in the decisive game, wore a blue T-shirt instead of a Leafs jersey while riding atop an antique fire truck as a bagpipe procession led the parade.
Get the biggest Real Madrid CF stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're an Indonesian football fan who supports a big European team, we understand that you might want to go the extra mile to prove your love for your club.
Fed up of jibes that you cannot truly support a team from the other side of the planet, you might want to seize any opportunity to demonstrate your passion.
That's fine. But these Juventus and Real Madrid fans in Indonesia have taken that idea WAY too far. Just take a look at the incredible mass brawl in the video above and you'll soon see what we mean.
Details are sketchy, but it appears the second leg of the Real Madrid v Juventus Champions League semi-final was broadcast on a big screen inside a packed basketball arena, in the Indonesian capital of Jakarta.
The video - posted on YouTube by one bystander - begins as trouble flares, presumably following the final whistle confirmed Real Madrid's exit from the competition.
We all get upset when our team loses. We all get excited when our team wins. But we're pretty sure we've never used either of those emotions to justify smashing up a sports hall…
Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz faced off for a 90-minute debate on CNN tonight. Even before the debate began, supporters from both sides began placing their “bets” on who they thought would walk away the winner. Now that you've seen the debate, who do you think should be declared the winner?
The debate was focused on the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Some were excited about the debate and glad to see the two face off. But others, especially those who were upset at how little media attention Sanders got during the primary, thought this was “too little, too late.”
Who do you think won?
President Donald Trump and Republicans have vowed to repeal Obamacare. Trump signed an executive order to give the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and other departments, the ability to to “waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation of any provision or requirement of the Act that would impose a fiscal burden on any State or a cost, fee, tax, penalty, or regulatory burden on individuals, families, healthcare providers, health insurers, patients, recipients of healthcare services, purchasers of health insurance, or makers of medical devices, products, or medications.”
Cruz has long wanted the full repeal of Obamacare. Sanders, meanwhile, campaigned on the idea of wanting a better, single-payer plan. He has since demanded that Republicans must come up with a strong replacement before simply repealing the act.
Supporters of Cruz say that his well-established debate skills will leave him the winner of tonight's debate. Sanders' supporters have said that Bernie's passion and knowledge of the topic will leave him the clear winner. In fact, supporters on both sides were already declaring the winner on social media before the debates even began:
Still surprised Cruz agreed to do this. You know Bernie is going to dominate with facts/ statistics. Be sure to tune in for this next week. pic.twitter.com/xW8cnHYSx1 — We The Future (@Resistance_net) February 2, 2017
Poor Bernie, Ted Cruz is going to wipe the floor with him ! Can't wait ! 😎 pic.twitter.com/nsX17CYJjs — Oak-Town☢Unfiltered☢ (@hrtablaze) February 1, 2017
SO excited about my man Bernie to debate healthcare issues tonight w Ted Cruz: aka the man who caved to Trumps threats. #cnndebatenight pic.twitter.com/QO3IKqM5ME — BluBurg (@jvenom5) February 7, 2017
@tedcruz Sen Cruz you will win God Bless. Ask Bernie why Obama took monies from Medicare & put it in his Obama care to hurt seniors — Lisa Cortes (@LaAfena) February 7, 2017
Meanwhile, others simply weren't sure why the two were debating at all:
Ted Cruz and Bernie sanders are going to debate on Tuesday…. pic.twitter.com/YxuMa9C6kr — kevinhurley (@HurleyKevin14) February 1, 2017
Once the debate was over, supporters of both sides still had some pretty strong opinions:
Ted Cruz just wiped the floor with Bernie Sanders. Half the room had rising premiums or cancellations. #KeepYourDoctor #cnndebate https://t.co/4sIZbMIcGV — TheFlagTweets (@OldGloryCries) February 8, 2017
#CNNDebate good debate. Bernie destroyed Cruz. Small anecdotal stories only get you so far. Medicare for all is the obvious choice — Gabriel Moore (@ForTheRepublic3) February 8, 2017
Ted Cruz just yelled "more cowbell, more cowbell" on live TV. Tried to attack Bernie but the Internet will sort this out 😂 #cnndebatenight — Complacent Voter (@junkpolitics) February 8, 2017
I'd like to think that Bernie goes back for a smooth bourbon after the debate, and Ted Cruz sips on a nice, warm milk. — slave to the topo (@blackwatchsound) February 8, 2017
So who do you think won the debate tonight? Let us know in this poll, and then share it with your friends so they can vote too. Do you have anything else to say about the debate? Let us know in the comments below.
Economic issues in Athens and partnerships to extract natural gas keep far-left Greek gov't away from the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Israeli-Greek relations have never been better. Turkey's pressure on Greek-speaking Cyprus over natural gas drilling has pushed both the Cypriots and the Greeks into an unprecedented defense and economic relationship with Jerusalem. But the relationship could be challenged by Greece's new far-left government.
After the Syriza party was elected, there was speculation in Israel that their Middle East policy could shift. It was a number of Syriza activists last summer who led demonstrations against Operation Protective Edge. Additionally, the party is composed of a number of extremely pro-Palestinian politicians. But other factors have impacted whatever influence those views might have had in reversing Greece's growing relationship with Israel.
Arutz Sheva spoke to Ambassador Arye Mekel, former Israeli Ambassador to Greece and currently a researcher for the Beginning Sadat Center for Strategic Studies, who explained that "Syriza is an alliance of 14 smaller far-left factions. One Deputy Minister even participated in one of the flotillas to Gaza."
Turkey Eclipses the Palestinians
Greece is very close to Cyprus, the Greek-speaking island nation also sitting on the same batch of natural gas fields as Israel. But the island is divided; in 1974, Turkey invaded and occupied the northern half of the island and created a separate enclave for the Turks that moved there.
Turkey's claims that some gas fields belong to Northern Cyprus, a "state" whose independence only Turkey recognizes, threatens Cyprus' ability to extract natural gas from the Mediterranean. With that in the background and relations between Israel and Turkey in the cold, Israel and Greece have expanded their military relationship.
Thanks to the inclusion of the right-wing ANEL party in the coalition, whatever fear people have had Syriza might roll back ties with Jerusalem has been alleviated.
At the end of February, ANEL's party leader Panos Kammenos announced plans for new joint military exercises with Israel and Cyprus.
Kammenos said in February: "Defense planning should take into account friends and allies which seek defense cooperation in the region. And I clearly I mean eastward toward Israel."
Still, Ambassador Mekel did not see the tensions with Turkey as an overarching problem for Greece.
“There was a semi-crisis when the Cypriots found some gas and refused to share it with the Turkish Cypriots. The Turks sent warships to the area, but in the end it amounted to nothing and the Cypriots continued their drilling.”
“Kammenos himself is well known to us. Kammenos has always been friendly with us (Israel), especially some years ago when he was a Deputy Minister for Shipping when we had some problems in that area.”
“This past summer we stationed for the first time a military attaché, a Colonel, in Athens. I don't see any deterioration any time soon.”
He did not address Kammenos' comments that recent Turkish exploratory missions off the shore of Cyprus were the main motivation for the new exercises and whether or not they actually were significant to provoke the new exercises. What seems to matter more is that for Kammenos they certainly do matter.
Three-way Economic Agreements
Still, there is plenty of economic cooperation on energy that binds Israel and Greece. There has been talk of mutual drilling projects, pipelines and expansion of infrastructure in other areas linking Israel, Greece and Cyprus. One of them is the laying of a new 2,000-megawatt underwater cable that will link Cyprus' and Israel's electrical grids to each other and to Europe. The defense relationship is directly related to Turkey's threats to cease gas fields from Cyprus on behalf of Northern Cyprus.
Israel signed a tentative understanding with Greece on natural gas back in 2011, but delays in the Israeli courts have kept that understanding from becoming a full-fledged agreement. A December 2014 decision by the commissioner of Israel's Anti-Trust Authority to break up the cartel controlling the Leviathan gas field had caused stocks in Israel to plunge. When asked if that news had sent a ripple through Greece and upset the earlier understanding between the two countries, the Ambassador did not see it as agitating Greece.
“Right now there is no harm that can come because there is nothing to harm.”
“There was something very general that was signed. Uzi Landau signed something with the Greeks but it remained on paper.”
He emphasized that the discussions between Israel and Greece have continued for years, but the details have not been outlined in any type of major trade deal or treaty.
“The entire gas saga is not going anywhere for the time being. No one in Israel has decided how much to export, what to export and to whom to export and by what channels.”
“We had visits from Uzi Landau who was the Minister of Energy and then Silvan Shalom who later became Minister of Energy. I arranged for him a meeting with the Greek Prime Minister but no conclusions came of it. It was a subject of discussions, including when the Greek government held a G2G – government-to-government – meeting with Prime Minister Netanyahu with his ministers.”
Going Forward
Tomorrow night, Ambassador Mekel will join a panel with author Dr. Aristotle Tziampiris to promote the launch of the doctor's new book on Israeli-Greek relations. He says that for both Dr. Tziampiris and himself, their research has been impacted by the sudden change in government.
“The professor just published a book on Greek-Israeli relations over the last four years. Ironically the government collapsed just as it was coming out.”
With a hint for his optimism that the new Greek government will not be the trouble that some Israelis worried about, Ambassador Mekel said with a chuckle laugh that he was "inconvenienced" by the sudden change in Athens.
“I have been writing my own research on the topic right now. My plan until recently was to write only about the last four years – the great era. Then the government collapsed and Syriza came to power. Now I have to write a whole new chapter about the current government.”
In an exclusive and extensive live interview with 77WABC Radio Host Rita Cosby, former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio blasted critics of his recent controversial Presidential pardon, including Trump supporter Governor Chris Christie, who spoke out against it this morning on MSNBC. Governor Christie said, “My understanding has always been that one of the prerequisites you look for in giving a pardon is contrition for what you were convicted of… I didn't see that in Sheriff Arpaio.”
Arpaio said of Governor Christie, “I think he was a US Attorney, he should know the laws. You don't have to say you're guilty for a pardon, and I am not guilty, and the President understood that….Why doesn't he (Christie) study the laws?”
The former sheriff also was unapologetic when further asked by Cosby about his misdemeanor criminal conviction. He proclaimed, “I'm not guilty of this, so what am I going to say… ‘I'm guilty?'” He also showed no signs of backing down. “We're moving forward, I'm not going to surrender… It's a disgrace what they've done to me.” Of his many critics, “That's how sick they are, but it's not going to work.” Arpaio said he and his attorneys may soon go on the offense, as he's very angry with the federal judge's decision against him as well as many in the media and other critics. “Well, my lawyer is great – he likes to sue people… I want justice.” He also said of those alleging he and his actions were racist, “That's what they do, throw the race card out. And they better be careful, I have a great lawyer.” He also sharply criticized the ACLU and George Soros. On the ACLU, ‘I'm not going to talk about their political situation, that will come out soon, about the connection with certain situations.'
Arpaio also stated that he won't run for the highest office in the land because he loves President Trump. “I'm sure not going to run for President. I would never run against our President who will be re-elected.” But he added fuel to recent comments that he himself may run for another political office in the future, saying he is not ruling it out. “I'm a fighter.. You know I'll outgun anybody, so age means nothing to me. So I have a lot of years left.” The feisty former sheriff is also now emboldened to help other political candidates seek office, “I'm going to be heavily involved, get the good Republicans elected.”
The 85-year-old revealed he has received threats since the pardon, but seemed unfazed by that, “When I was sheriff, we locked up a lot of people who threatened to kill me, so I don't worry about it..” Arpaio says of the significant criticism of him and the pardon, “I feel sad about this, because I know the real target is our President… I never want to do anything to hurt the President.” He further expressed sympathy for the man who pardoned him, “I feel sorry for the President, taking the criticism.” But says despite the firestorm after the pardon, Arpaio proclaims regarding the President's decision, “You know what, I think more people respect him for what he did.”
He said he has not talked to President Trump since the pardon, but “I did try to get a message to him, thanking him, thanking him for the courage, thanking him for supporting law enforcement.” He also highly praised President Trump and made a bold prediction, “I predict… he'll go down in history as one of the greatest Presidents we ever had.”
Listen to the whole interview below.
If I had bad grades, my dad would hit me. Later, when I was thrown out of school, I lost my friends. When I was fired from a job, I became a recluse. When I was kicked out of my business, I lost my home.
When I lost my home, I was ashamed to tell my friends. I hid. When I was afraid to lose money, I spend more and more time traveling for business. I lost a marriage. I lost my kids.
I kept trying to do the things we HAD to do. School, safe job, grow older, stay married. I wanted to do all these things. But I kept messing up and getting depressed.
It never stops. You have to go to that wedding. You have to buy a home and have roots. You have to send your kid (she used to be just a baby!) to college. You have to return those five phone calls. You have to…you have to…you have to.
After so many “have tos” I sometimes found myself googling “suicide without anyone being aware of it” because then the insurance company won't know and will do the full payout to… my kids. Because my kids have to… and have to… and have to… and it costs money.
I don't like to give advice. I just say “this works for me.”
Like when your therapist tells you to do something (“don't go out with that woman!”) and you do it and you have to break up with the therapist for awhile but then you get back together with her when the relationships are over.
(Hmm. That was a strange tangent.)
OK, I did this:
Every day take out a piece of paper and draw a vertical line down the middle.
At the top of the left side is the HAVES. At the top of the right side is the WANTS.
I want to write. I have to make some business calls. I want to spend time with my friends tonight. I have to go to a networking dinner. Etc.
Each day write down your HAVES and write down your WANTS.
Sometimes they are the same thing. If they are, then erase it from the HAVES list. WANTS > HAVES.
Every day, try to make the WANTS list a tiny bit bigger than the HAVES list. The SKILL is having the ability to do that.
Sometimes you can change a “HAVE” to a “WANT.” That's OK also. But make sure you are being honest with yourself. Like, “I have to take care of a parent” becomes, “I want to take care of a parent.”
It takes a long time. You can write notes on the bottom. What would it take to remove just one have. What would it take to add one WANT.
And some WANTS are greater than other wants.
Maybe I won't binge watch “House of Cards” tonight so I can work on the children's book I want to do.
Maybe I won't make that business call I feel I have to make. Let's see what happens.
Skills aren't easy to learn. They take time. They take resilience when things go wrong. They take discipline.
No skill lives in a vacuum. Be healthy, sleep well, practice creativity, be around good people, be grateful. This makes it easier to have more wants than haves.
I want to feel creative today (and maybe even make money from that creativity). I want to be around friends today. I want to kiss someone today. Maybe two out of three of this isn't so bad.
Hiroshi Tada Sensei in 2014
Aikikai 9th Dan Hiroshi Tada (多田宏) is one of the most influential instructors to come out of the post-war Tokyo Hombu dojo. Born in Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan December 13th 1929, he began training at Aikikai Hombu Dojo on March 4th 1950.
Tada Sensei has appeared on the Aikido Sangenkai blog, both in “Aikido Shihan Hiroshi Tada: The Day I Entered Ueshiba Dojo“, and in the series of articles below:
“Aikido Shihan Hiroshi Tada: The Budo Body”
Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 | Part 4 | Part 5 | Part 6 | Part 7 | Part 8
“Aikido Shihan Hiroshi Tada – the Yachimata Lecture”
Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 | Part 4 | Part 5
This is the English translation of a short piece written by Tada Sensei that recounts some of his memories of Aikido Founder Morihei Ueshiba, it appeared in the Aikikai newspaper “Aikido Shimbun” in March 1998 (Heisei 10).
In October 1964 Tada Sensei was sent to Rome, Italy in order to help establish Aikido in Italy. He had been preceeded there by Professor Salvatore Mergè, who was mentioned by Tada Sensei in the article “Aikido Shihan Hiroshi Tada: The Budo Body, Part 6“.
The grave of Salvatore Mergè
In 1942 Salvatore Mergè, a Japanese linguist and a member of the Italian diplomatic mission, became a student of Aikido Founder Morihei Ueshiba – perhaps the first occidental to do so. After returning to Italy in 1946 he taught privately and then helped to establish the first Aikido classes in Italy, taught by the sculptor Haru Onoda in 1959.
Haru Onoda in 1968
Here is some of the story of how he met O-Sensei, re-told by Stephen Serpieri, one of his Japanese language students:
“He had heard much of the Master's deeds and of this new martial art he created, Aikido, but had never had the opportunity to see any of its “embukai” (public demonstrations). Intrigued by the stories that were made ​​of this master and the reputation that had been created around him, he decided to go to his dojo and ask to be admitted as a student of Aikido. The house of Master Ueshiba and the attached dojo were far outside of Tokyo, and to get to the Italian embassy ​​where Professor Mergè worked took over an hour by train. One day, before going to work, he went to the home of the teacher, saying that he was a lover of Japanese tradition and would like to know O-Sensei. He was made ​​to wait in the atrium of the house for a time, but was eventually told to come back because the teacher was busy. He tried again at other times but the answer was always the same. Finally, after several failed attempts, he was brought into the house to get an answer to his request for a meeting with Master Ueshiba. He was made ​​to sit in a room with an elderly gentleman who was reading a book and did not raise his head when he entered. After a short time the person reading stood up and, without a word, he left the room. … When the day came that he was able to speak to the teacher finally arrived he saw that he was the person that had refused to speak to him as he waited in the atrium. He was accepted as a student, which was quite extraordinary, as the Master had not wanted any new Aikido students during the period of the war, let alone a stranger! “
Marco Muccio, a close friend of one of Professor Mergè's students, adds:
“The interesting thing is that the first Aikido training with Salvatore Mergè was held in Morihei Ueshiba's home, with particularly exhausting exercises for the development of the Hara, and ukemi on pillows on the floor!”
Here's a little more about Tada Sensei's journey to Italy, from his essay “Founders of Aikikai d'Italia” (イタリア合気会を創った人々), published in the Aikikai's “Aikido Tankyu” magazine:
One hears the words “the foreign expansion of Aikido”, but what I remember most are the bells and steam whistles that I heard at the pier in Yokohama and the farewell parties with O-Sensei at their center that surrounded my Sempai going abroad – Mochizuki, Tohei and Abe. A postcard of the Tatsuta Maru – 1931 Of course I can't reach back that far, and those memories may have overlapped with memories of tapes of my father's trip abroad on the Tatsuta Maru in the beginning of the Showa era, but in spite of that I had vague thoughts at the time that someday I too would be going abroad. That became a reality in Showa 39 (1964). At that time, those going abroad specifically to spread Aikido had to do three things: Go alone. Go with a one-way ticket. Go without money, receive no allowance from their family, do no other part time work. Keeping faithful to to “Haisui no Jin” (Translator's note: 背水の陣 – the “fighting with one's back to the river” strategy made famous by General Han Xin in the Battle of Jingxing), with $250 in my breast pocket I left my home in Jiyugaoka just as the Tokyo Olympics were in their final stages. My tentative goal was Italy, and from there I would travel through South America and then return home. It was an incredibly uncertain plan, but those were my expectations at the time. Motokage Kawamukai in 2011 The first person to make the existance of the thing known as Aikido in Italy was Tadashi Abe (阿部正), who was active in France. Next were the sculptor Haru Onoda (小野田はる) and Mr. Kawamukai (川向), who had traveled to Rome as a tourist. When I arrived in Rome I was introduced to a club at the Administration of the State Monopoly Autonomy (“Amministrazione Autonoma dei Monopoli di Stato”, the state monopoly on tobacco) which was run by Mr. Chierchini, and started training at that dojo. Six months later we had a demonstration at the National Police Academy, and then held a two month training session hosted by the Ministry of the Interior. This is how my Aikido life in Europe began. The Italian Aikikai Hombu Dojo in Rome Professor Mergè, who was a member of the Italian embassy during the war and entered Ueshiba Dojo, was in good health in Rome, and people who had heard him speak of Morihei Ueshiba Sensei at the school of Oriental languages at which he taught were quick to enroll. Through the introduction of one of these people, Mr. Serpieri, in later years we would be able to use one of the buildings designated as a national property as a dojo. It was surrounded in four directions by the ancient Roman aqueduct and castle wall, monuments, the military museum and the department of waterworks, and after nightfall it was a place where not a sound could be heard. This is now the Italian Aikikai Hombu dojo. I lived in one room at the bottom of the stairs there. The students called it “Sensei's Grotto”.
Hiroshi Tada taking ukemi from Aikido Founder Morihei Ueshiba
at the Ueshiba Dojo – 6th dan at the time
Aikido Shihan Hiroshi Tada – Speaking of The Founder
Sharp, warm, a spiritual master.
I became a student at Ueshiba Dojo on March 4th 1950 (Showa 25). I wrote about that day in “Aikido Tankyu issue 4“. When I first laid eyes on Morihei Ueshiba Sensei what made the strongest impression was that, towards a student like me, he took off his hat and introduced himself “I am Ueshiba” – that image and that voice, even now they remain deep in my memories.
At that time the morning and evening training at Ueshiba Dojo would have at most six or seven people, and the majority of those would be students from Waseda and Hitotsubashi universities, or members of the Nishikai and the Tempukai. Sensei would throw each one of them courteously and then everybody would practice. We students (門人 / “monjin”) would practice that technique with each other, and a little while after we started Sensei would say
“If you will permit me…”
Without thinking I would l look around, thinking that some important personage had come. However, the only people in the dojo were the baker Mr. Hata Kikuchi, who had started one day before I had, and us students. Sensei always used polite language like this during training.
That was likely because there were many royalty, army and navy generals, and people who represented Japan among Sensei's students. However, that wasn't the only reason – words are power. That politeness and the care that reached into every corner gave rise to a sense of refinement, and that was directly connected to the techniques of his Budo.
The young Hiroshi Tada during a demonstration at Aikikai Hombu Dojo
Sensei's training was enveloped in a mysterious atmosphere. Even while moving to sharply suppress his opponents in an instant, he would somehow create a feeling of great warmth in the dojo. He would clearly adapt even to immature students like I was at the time, that kind of inspirational power was really incredible.
During one period I became aware of something mysterious. When I drew close to Sensei, my mind and body would feel as if they had somehow become transparent. When I was touched by Sensei that would become even clearer, it was as though the boundary between our bodies and minds had dissapeared. It was a powerful force that came from Sensei's training in surpassing confrontation and we must have become caught up in it. That force was received in Ayabe in a direct heart to heart transmission (以心伝心) from Onisaburo Deguchi, who is a Sensei greatly respected, and I think that must have been further developed through Sensei's own all-out efforts at training. When Sensei spoke of his own teachers, Sokaku Takeda Sensei and Onisaburo Deguchi Seishi, he spoke of them with real respect. Particularly when he spoke about Deguchi Seishi, he would call him “Seishi Sama”, using a double honorific title.
Morihei Ueshiba and Onisaburo Deguchi – around 1933
I was scolded severely by Sensei many times, but there were also times that I received undeserved praise. He often reprimanded me – “don't manufacture”. By “manufacture” he meant when an Uke would take it upon themselves to take the appearance of being off balance even though they actually were not, releasing their grip or moving.
Hiroshi Tada taking ukemi for Aikido Founder Morihei Ueshiba
Why were we told “don't manufacture”? When one becomes used to the technique they perform it absent mindely, or they chase the technique intellectually instead going ahead straight forwardly with the feeling of a blank white sheet of paper. In other words “don't manufacture” is the same as when we were scolded “you have an opening”.
One day I was training alone in the dojo when Sensei entered and spoke beside me.
“Tada-kun, you should become a professional. a body like yours is the best for Aiki.” – if I had heard those words from Sensei now how moved I would be. However, at the time I thought it was normal to enter a large company after leaving the university as my father and grandfather had and live a life of leisure, so I listened absent mindedly as if he were speaking of some far off place. When I thought about it later I realized that those words of encouragement had come from the warm feelings in Sensei's heart for his students.
The last time that I laid eyes on Sensei was the day before I left for Europe in order to spread Aikido there, October 23rd of Showa year 39 (1964).
Sensei encouraged me “Oh really, that's quite soon. Go and do your best.”
Aikido Shihan Hiroshi Tada in 2014
When Sensei passed away in Showa year 44 (1969) I was in Europe. When we received the news at the dojo in Rome I was surrounded by a moment of wordless silence. In Italy there is a sympathy and kindness towards other people's hearts. The picture of Sensei in the dojo was soon surrounded by flowers of mourning. The members of my group sat in front of it in silence for many hours.
Published by: Christopher Li – Honolulu, HI
is not like most other indie comics on the market. Cotter himself would only call it a graphic novel at his publisher's insistence. Though it reads and looks intellectual and experimental, the book isn't “serious” per se. You'll be disappointed if you go looking for some kind of brainy final word on anything. That being said, Lemons' is a great example of how comics can use visual and narrative abstraction to tell an engaging story. Cotter's life was complicated when he wrote. Both his marriage and his mind were breaking down. In his own words was “an attempt [...] to make sense of what just happened to [him],” the fear and detachment he experienced at the bottom of a deep psychological hole.The story is about an anthropomorphic bunnyman's unfortunate collision with a delivery truck that falls out of the sky, and the trauma induced spirit walk that ensues. It combines stream-of-conciousness and visual abstraction with panel by panel action and poetic dialogue to drive home a point about how it might feel to have a truck fall on you. Our protagonist is unnamed and mostly doesn't talk. Post-collision, following some abortive efforts to pull pieces of the truck's wreckage out of his body with a rope tied to a passenger train, Bunnyman passes out and finds himself in a hospital (the “get-better factory”). For the next 50 odd pages, a barrage of utterly engaging and emotionally expressive anomalies occur, all of which ultimately hold together into a visually stimulating and bizarrely cute riff on life after trauma.Our bunny protagonist suffers visions and intrusions: interrogations by a faceless doctor and the screams of a neighboring trauma patient. Bunnyman's only reprieve is either pharmaceutical or induced by brain damage. As his grinning head floats away, he drifts in and out of hallucinations. He comes face to face with his doppelganger, who he then races into a dark cave. In the cave, a strange shaman talks to him about incomprehensibly deep stuff. The bunnymind falters, bends, and squeals - and it all comes alive in Cotter's unique surrealist style.benign headfuckery seeks to express something intangible and scary about the all-too permeable boundary between the mind, the body, and the world around us. Cotter uses a variety of visual languages to push the protagonist towards transformation. Some pages feature block by block sequences, others break out into messy, painterly explosions. Occasionally, broad rivers of color and line will eat up a whole page.shines brightest when Cotter steers the comic out of the panel by panel sequences and into non-representational insanity.The book's physical design is meant to mimic the moleskine journal in which Cotter initially drew and wrote the story. The facsimile is faithful down to the corner doodles and underlying pencil outlines. The pages are printed on heavy stock cream-colored paper, but at times look as though they've been spilled on, bled through, scribbled upon, taped, stained, and sullied as though it were from a planet with a pure nicotine atmosphere. The books's cover even looks like its been painted with white-out. I don't often come across a book that so ardently begs to be flipped through.At the time he was writing, Cotter lived alone in a crime-ridden neighborhood in Chicago. He was an all too frequent witness to violent crimes, which he could see from the windows of the 7th floor apartment. His volatile living situation served as background to his efforts to reconcile a mental breakdown and the breakdown of his personal relationships with his still nascent urge to make more art.demonstrates its creator's willpower through its beautiful visual and narrative neurosis. In its full pages of abstract scribbles and shapes, we can see him giving a visual representation to what it was like to be caught in the throes of a mental collapse. In the serendipitous doodles and random absurdist gags we see him synthesize pain into something palatable and usable.This book is ultimately about trauma and what it can do to the mind. It's not exactly a book about healing, but it is most certainly a book about being changed. Trauma, whether mental or physical, breaks us out of ourselves violently, unexpectedly. In life there are unavoidable misfortunes and surprises, cataclysms big and small. They come along and remind us that our physical and emotional boundaries are soft and flexible, if not downright spongy. Trauma comes with a reminder that these precious systems of selfhood (molecules, cells / memories, thoughts) are random motes of garbage sustaining themselves in collective hives, one head-on collision away from complete chaos and annihilation. Maybe our only hope against this random and unpredictable onslaught is to be at the ready with enough beauty and absurdity to bandage it over.Cotter is fine now, by the way. He remarried, moved out of the city, and(published via Fantagraphics). In 2011 he had his first major work,, turned into a play which ran in Columbus, Ohio. You can learn more about his experience with that, and his experience writing, in
Posted 03 December 2015 - 06:28 PM
Greetings MechWarriors,
We will be rolling out a hot-fix tomorrow, Friday December 4th, scheduled for 10:00 AM PST [6:30 PM UTC], with the following changes:
The following 'Mechs are receiving Quirk adjustments:
Mist Lynx
All other existing MLX Quirks not listed here have not been changed.
MLX-A
LT/RT OmniPod: Arm Movement Quirks have been removed.
LL/RL OmniPod: Turn Rate Quirks have been removed.
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 45% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
MLX-B
LA OmniPod: ER Laser Heat Gen and Energy Heat Gen Quirks have been removed.
LL/RL OmniPod: Accel/Decel Rate Quirks have been removed.
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 45% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
MLX-C
LT/RT OmniPod: Torso Yaw Rate Quirks have been removed.
RA OmniPod: ER Laser Heat Gen and Energy Heat Gen Quirks have been removed.
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 45% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
MLX-Prime
LT/RT OmniPod: Torso Yaw Rate Quirks have been removed.
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 45% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
MLX-D
RA OmniPod: ER Laser Heat Gen and Energy Heat Gen Quirks have been removed.
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 45% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
Kit Fox
All other existing KFX Quirks not listed here have not been changed.
KFX-C
LA OmniPod: ER Laser Heat Gen and Energy Heat Gen Quirks have been removed.
LT/RT OmniPod: Torso Yaw Rate Quirks have been removed.
LL/RL OmniPod: Accel/Decel Rate Quirks have been removed.
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
KFX-D LT/RT OmniPod: Arm Movement Rate Quirks have been removed. LL/RL OmniPod: Turn Rate Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
KFX-Prime LT/RT OmniPod: Torso Yaw Rate Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
• Torso Yaw Angle +3
KFX-S RA OmniPod: Pulse Laser Heat Gen and Energy Heat Gen Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
Adder
All other existing ADR Quirks not listed here have not been changed.
ADR-A
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 40% • Decel 40% • Turn Rate 30% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
ADR-B LT/RT OmniPod: Laser Heat Gen Quirks have been removed. LL/RL OmniPod: Turn Rate Speed Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 40% • Decel 40% • Turn Rate 30% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
ADR-D CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -10% • Accel 40% • Decel 40% • Turn Rate 30% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
ADR-PRIME LA/RA OmniPod: ERPPC Heat Gen Quirks have been removed. LL/RL OmniPod: Accel/Decel Rate Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Energy Heat Gen -20% • Accel 40% • Decel 40% • Turn Rate 30% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
Summoner
All other existing SMN Quirks not listed here have not been changed.
SMN-B
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
SMN-C LA OmniPod: Arm Movement Rate (Pitch) Quirk has been removed. RT OmniPod: Torso Yaw Rate Quirk has been removed. LL/RL OmniPod: Turn Rate Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
SMN-D CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
SMN-Prime LA/RA OmniPod: Arm Movement Rate (Pitch) Quirks have been removed.
LL/RL OmniPod: Accel/Decel Rate Quirks have been removed.
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 60% • Decel 60% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
Gargoyle
All other existing GAR Quirks not listed here have not been changed.
GAR-A LT/RT OmniPod: Torso Yaw Rate Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
GAR-C LL/RL OmniPod: Turn Rate Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
GAR-D LT/RT OmniPod: Arm Movement Rate have been removed. LL/RL OmniPod: Accel/Decel Rate Quirks have been removed. CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
GAR-Prime
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
GAR-B
LL/RL OmniPod: Accel/Decel Rate Quirks have been removed.
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 50% • Decel 50% • Turn Rate 35% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 40%
Executioner
All Variants
CT OmniPod has been provided with the following new or improved Quirks:
• Accel 40% • Decel 40% • Turn Rate 25% • Torso Turn Rate (Yaw) 30% • Torso Turn Angle (Yaw) +10
Blackjack
BJ-1X
Energy Range Quirk has been decreased to +10%.
Laser Duration Quirk has been removed.
Energy Heat Gen Quirk has been decreased to -10%.
The hot fix also includes these additional fixes and changes:
Family members of Georgia Tech student Scout Schultz say they plan to file a civil rights lawsuit after the 21-year-old was fatally shot by campus police on Saturday night.
Schultz, whose gender identity was non-binary and who wished to be referred to by the pronoun “they,” was an engineering student and president of Georgia Tech's Pride Alliance. Police say the student approached officers with a knife around 11 p.m. on Saturday.
Schultz appears emotionally distraught in bystander footage of the shooting. Officers can be heard repeatedly telling Schultz to “drop the knife,” but Schultz tells officers to shoot. At one point, someone says, “No one wants to hurt you, man.”
In the graphic video below, Schultz can be seen continuing to approach the officers before a single gunshot rings out, followed by screams.
Schultz's mother, Lynne Schultz,told the Atlanta Journal Constitutionthat her child had several medical issues, including depression, and had attempted suicide two years ago. But she said she doesn't believe that Schultz was attempting “suicide by cop,” or provoking police into killing them.
During a press conference alongside civil rights attorney L. Chris Stewart on Monday, Schultz's family members questioned why officers didn't use a Taser or mace and whether police had received training for interacting with people who are mentally disturbed.
“Why did you have to shoot? Why did you kill my son?” Schultz's father asked.
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation said it is now investigating the shooting.
“Officers provided multiple verbal commands and attempted to speak with Schultz, who was not cooperative and would not comply with the officers' commands,” the agency said in a statement on Sunday. “Schultz continued to advance on the officers with the knife. Subsequently, one officer fired striking Schultz.”
Schultz, 21, was president of Georgia Tech's Pride Alliance and studied engineering. More
Rates of depression and suicide are particularly high among membersof the LGBTQ community,various studies have found.
According to a 2015 U.S. Transgender Survey Report that surveyed 27,715 transgender people across the U.S., 40 percent of respondents reported having attempted suicide in their lifetime. That percentage is nearly nine times the overall attempted suicide rate in the U.S., which was 4.6 percent.
“Respondents also encountered high levels of mistreatment when seeking health care,” the study found. “In the year prior to completing the survey, one-third (33%) of those who saw a health care provider had at least one negative experience related to being transgender, such as being verbally harassed or refused treatment because of their gender identity.”
Related Coverage
Homeless Women Veterans Are Veterans With An Important Difference
Trans Woman Trolls Anti-Trans Governor With The Perfect Photo
Trans Actors For Trans Characters
Chester Bennington's Wife Shares Video Of Him Laughing Hours Before His Death
If you or someone you know needs help, call 1-800-273-8255 for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. You can also text HELLO to 741-741 for free, 24-hour support from the Crisis Text Line. Outside of the U.S., please visit the International Association for Suicide Prevention for a database of resources.
This article originally appeared on HuffPost.
Atletico de Kolkata and Kerala Blaster FC Footballers vie for the ball during ISL Match in Kolkata on Tuesday evening. (Photo: PTI)
Kochi: Last Sunday, in the first half of a highly significant Indian Super League match when Kerala Blasters were dabbling with NorthEast United's aggressive game plan, by playing rather casually, their fans themselves were flirting with danger, both inside and outside the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here.
Even as the stadium was packed to rafters and seemingly ready to explode, there were “thousands” of fans, the majority of them holding valid tickets, waiting outside because they were denied entry that according to authorities was “completely full.”
“Many fans were agitated and some of them vent their ire on the barricades at a few gates,” said Abhijith Muraleedharan, a dejected fan who had to return unhappy after collecting refund from the box office later in the evening. “Gate 8 was broken … there was a stampede like situation and the police had to swing their lathis,” he added.
Deputy commissioner of police, Arul R.B. Krishna said that at least 5,000 fans were outside during the time while the Blasters' management informed that at least 1,500 ticket-holders received refund that evening while a bigger number had complimentary passes that couldn't be reimbursed.
According to ISL statistics, the attendance during the NorthEast game was 53,767. Sources say not more than 30,000 tickets were actually sold while about 17,000 tickets were given as complimentary. The figures don't tally, do they?
M.C. Joseph, secretary of the Greater Cochin Development Authority that owns the stadium says the capacity for ISL matches is fixed at 55,000. It is also learned that tickets no more than the capacity is printed.
With Kochi set to host a semifinal and the final this month, the authorities have said “Gates will open at 3.30 pm, close at 6.15 pm. The box offices will stop selling tickets at 5.30 pm.”
But there are questions that baffle and angry fans like Abhijith. If all tickets are accounted for, if thousands of fans, with tickets, are denied entry, who is filling up the stadium?
How do you make your debut in roles as exalted as the Sugarplum Fairy and her cavalier in “George Balanchine's The Nutcracker”? And how much does a debut performance count for? The questions recurred this Christmas season at New York City Ballet when the company — investing in its future — gave these parts as opportunities to a series of young dancers from the corps.
Certainly City Ballet revealed its new wealth of star potential among its youngest women and their remarkable variety. As events proved, there is no single solution to the famous role. Since 1954, when Maria Tallchief and Tanaquil LeClercq alternated in it, the Sugarplum has become a different character according to each important ballerina's interpretation. And success is elusive. Some of the greatest dancers of Balanchine's day — Suzanne Farrell, Patricia McBride — were at their least legendary in it. And in this era, it took Sara Mearns years before she, magnificently, conquered it.
So this season, it was startling to find that two young dancers making their debuts — scarcely known even to aficionados in the audience — seemed immediately right for this role, Unity Phelan and Ashley Hod. They joined the company in 2013; both are absorbingly handsome in face and figure, with gorgeously elegant line. You have only to look at them to feel the distinction they bring to the Kingdom of Sweets. Ms. Phelan, who danced the matinee Dec. 16, was the more regal and warm of the two: an exquisite performance, with moments of sweeping grandeur.
Through much of the pas de deux, Ms. Hod, who danced Sunday, seemed more guarded in revealing herself. Then came the role's greatest moment — a sequence of supported pirouettes with rising arms that suddenly end in a backbend toward the audience. Those arms have risen in a spiraling cone, when suddenly the dancer opens herself up in a sudden cascade, with face and shoulders stretching back toward us. Most of these new performers were handsome here, but the secret — ending the backbend with a photograph-like stillness before the phrase rushes on — sometimes seemed to be lost. Yet Ms. Hod, assisted by the expert Adrian Danchig-Waring and arching back with ravishing fullness, was breathtaking: motionless and spectacular for a perfect instant.
Promptly after those two cuddly bears explained how the JP Morgue is manipulating the silver market, and the xtranormal video went viral, forcing the FT to release an indemnification that "according to sources" JPM had covered a major portion of its silver short (only to subsequently end up with 90% control of other metals markets), here they are back, explaining in Part 2 of the series just what the next steps in to unwind of the biggest metal manipulation scheme will look like. The kicker: a JPM insider has told one of the bears that there is no commercial silver left, "it's all smoke and mirrors, and the CFTC can do nothing about it other than pray." Other topical items explained: silver backwardation, that there are two commissioners at the CFTC on the JP Morgue's payroll, the BIS' fractional gold system and the usage of side pockets for sovereign gold, and pretty much everything that ties the loose odds and ends in the PM manipulation story.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The last refrigerator we had lasted about 20 years. Sometime around year 15 it finally blew out a condenser or a coil or whatever it is that makes refrigerators produce coldness and we paid $400 to have it fixed. A few years later it broke again and we bought a new one.
This one broke after eight years. But not because of a condenser or a coil or something comprehensibly structural. The repair guy took about five seconds to diagnose the problem: it stopped working because the “main board” blew out. That's it on the right. Now, maybe I'm off base on this because it's been so long, but this looks like a butt simple design to me. One small custom chip, some relays, a transformer, a couple of heat sinks, and a bunch of passive parts. Maybe a build cost of $20-30 or so? But GE's price to me was $250, plus $150 for the 20 minutes it took to pull out the old one and swap in the new one.
Paying $400 for a big piece of physical gear plus a couple hours of labor didn't bother me. Paying $400 for a primitive circuit board and a few minutes to plug it in does. The repair guy laughed good-naturedly when I mentioned this. “All the computer guys say the same thing,” he told me. He even knew what I was going to say about the board before I said it. Our neighborhood is lousy with electrical engineers and other high tech weenies.
Bottom line: $400 because a $2.02 Song Chuan 832 Series 30 A SPDT 12 VDC Through Hole General Purpose Heavy Duty Power Relay burned out. So here's your economics question for the day: Did I stimulate the economy today? Or this is an example of the broken refrigerator fallacy? Or did most of my consumption spending leak out to China? Please phrase your answers in the form of a koan.
Last week I wrote about a possible signal for exciting new physics, seen in data from the two big “general purpose detectors” at CERN's Large Hadron Collider. I was trying as carefully as I could to steer a course between being over-excited and overly conservative. It is difficult to be sure that your judgement is correct in such cases, but it is important to try. After all to quote Richard Feynman, in science
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself — and you are the easiest person to fool
... and if you understate a result through caution, you might feel almost as foolish as if you got carried away and claimed too much.
Something to watch for in the new data from the Large Hadron Collider Read more
Now in the case I discussed it is not so serious, because the uncertainties involved are mainly statistical - that is, random - and that kind of uncertainty gets reduced automatically if you collect more data. And there are more data on the way. So if we're fools, we won't be fooled for long either way, and in the meantime we have a duty to publish what we see.
But if there is a race on for priority, or if other sorts of uncertainty are involved, premature or incorrect results can indeed cause problems. A couple of days after my article, a thoughtful comment piece appeared in Nature discussing some of these issues in a more general context. Jan Conrad, an astroparticle physicist, claims that
The field has cried wolf too many times and lost credibility
and he worries that false discoveries are undermining public trust in science. He lists some dubious results which have caused a stir amongst physicists and the general public over the past couple of years, including the faster-than-light-neutrinos that weren't, the primordial gravitational waves that are probably just dust, and several Dark Matter candidates which remain shrouded in uncertainty and contradiction.
His argument has some merit; in some cases there is an apparent rush to release, and especially to over-interpret, provisional and sometimes incorrect data. This is sometimes done because of rivalries and competition, the desire to stake a claim. Other times it is simply that those concerned have found themselves too easy to fool. Such things can definitely distort the priorities of scientists and those who fund them.
But there are cases where we just have to report what we see, and we have to accept that sometimes what we see is misleading, and it may take more data, more experiments, to correct that. To hide a result because it doesn't fit the current theory would be bad science. As I said at the time regarding the false faster-than-light neutrinos, imagine the conspiracy claims if the data had been suppressed because it didn't fit Einstein's theory. Of course, everyone wishes that they had found the problem with the dodgy cable before publishing, but mistakes do happen.
Gaming the system? Neutrinos, theorists and citations | Jon Butterworth | Life & Physics Read more
I also disagree with the criticism Conrad makes of my own experiment, where he objects to the fact that the eventual discovery of the Higgs boson was
preceded by press releases of weak but suggestive indications.
Given the public interest in the story, which we should welcome, it is completely implausible to think we would have gone into purdah from 2009 to 2012 and announced the Higgs boson data only when it passed the “5 sigma” discovery criteria, as it did three years ago almost to the day. Even had we done so, we would simply have missed a great chance to share the excitement, and the reality, of how scientific evidence is accumulated and understood.
Conrad also complains that too much of the premature release of results occurs on the open preprint server, arXiv. Again, I disagree. It is true that papers on the arXiv are usually not peer-reviewed, at least initially. However, while peer review as a journal article helps, it is no guarantee of veracity, as many retractions in various journals have shown. And the price - in terms of delay, and money - is high. As Chad Orzel notes in a response in Forbes, it would seem to suit Nature's interests to undermine the arXiv, which has been distributing physics results more quickly and cheaply than the journals for decades, and is very heavily used by astro- and particle-physicists in particular.
Orzel argues that physics (and by implication science in general) should be open and people should get used to results being provisional, with frequent updates and corrections. I agree. Somehow we have to get beyond the opposing extremes that science is either 100% certainly correct, or else just another point of view to which there are many equally valid alternatives.
If you want a working understanding of the universe, which gives you the best chance of health for you and your loved ones, a stable environment to live in and cool gadgets to play with, science is absolutely the best we can do. But that doesn't mean it is infallible. Particle physicist Brian Cox, much more of a logical positivist than a postmodern relativist, went so far as to say¹
Science is never right
and he's correct, in the sense that it is always provisional, and is never, or at least never should be, dogmatic.
This of course is where many fools, cranks and fraudsters go wrong. Dogma can be overturned by aggression, by revolution, in the end by a simple rejection. Scientific knowledge applies whether or not an individual chooses to accept it, and it is continually revised and improved by acquiring additional evidence. That is its strength, that should be the basis of public confidence in science, and in my opinion the more widely that is understood the better.
¹At about 3:08 minutes in.
Jon Butterworth's book Smashing Physics is available as “Most Wanted Particle” in Canada & the US. He is also on Twitter.
What came first?
Our idea of the good person? Or our interpretation of what the bible says is a good person? Or the biblical writers' idea of what is a good person? Or the biblical writers' culture's idea of what is a good person? Or God's idea of what is a good person? Or the ancient culture's idea of what God's idea of what is a good person? Or our beliefs about what God's idea is of a good person?
Of course, these all feed off of each other in a vicious circle of life that protects those at the top of the food chain and consumes those at the bottom.
Jesus defied his religious culture's idea of what was a good person by being a truthful one.
SHOP
In an attempt to convince Major League Soccer that its expansion bid is far beyond the competition, the group leading Sacramento's effort announced Thursday it is beginning pre-construction activities at the site of a 19,621-seat stadium in the downtown railyard.
Construction crews will work in the railyard for the next several weeks, adding and leveling soil to the 14.9-acre stadium site in the northeast corner of the development. The team's goal is to complete the first phase before wet weather arrives, allowing for the soil to settle and crews to begin vertical construction in the spring. Republic FC officials compared the initial phase to the demolition of the former Downtown Plaza that made way for the eventual construction of Golden 1 Center.
The pre-construction work – being called a “Ground Making” – will place Republic FC on a realistic timeline to finish the stadium in time for the 2020 MLS season.
With the downtown skyline in the background, Republic FC officials, Mayor Darrell Steinberg and members of the City Council celebrated the launch of the stadium project.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
“I hope this serves as a statement of high confidence of where we stand with Major League Soccer,” said the mayor, predicting the city would land an expansion spot.
Republic FC Chairman and CEO Kevin Nagle said he has “never been so optimistic” in the city's chances.
“Sacramento is making our strongest statement yet about our commitment to MLS,” he said. Nagle said his group of investors was making a “multimillion-dollar” investment in the first phase of construction alone.
Preliminary work is beginning on a planned soccer stadium, which would hold 19,621 fans, in the Railyards just north of downtown Sacramento. Maps4News
A soccer stadium would be one anchor of a redeveloped railyard that will also include a massive Kaiser Permanente hospital complex and 10,000 homes.
“Over the next two decades, this project will shape our future,” said Councilman Jeff Harris.
The announcement was made as MLS officials prepare to gather in Chicago for the annual All-Star game and owner meetings next week. Republic FC will send a contingent to the annual meeting to campaign for their expansion bid.
MLS is expected to announce two expansion awards by December. Sacramento is one of 12 cities vying for those spots and has long been considered one of the front-runners to join the nation's premier professional soccer league.
If Sacramento loses out, the next construction phase would not begin in spring.
By beginning preparation work at the railyard, Republic FC is hoping to send a message to MLS that its bid is well ahead of the other cities'. The Sacramento stadium, which will be privately financed, already has the approval of the City Council. The deep-pocketed ownership group includes Nagle, San Francisco 49ers principal owner Jed York and former gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman.
Stadium site delays led a group spearheading San Diego's bid to ask MLS to postpone its decision on granting the last two spots until after the November 2018 election. Voters in St. Louis defeated a stadium funding measure in April, a result the league called “clearly a significant setback for the city's expansion opportunity.”
Lukewarm government support in Charlotte is threatening to leave a funding gap for a soccer stadium in that city. And other bid cities remain in the early stages of their stadium proposals, releasing architectural drawings but lacking advanced funding plans or sites.
CLOSE Local sources say the former Subway spokesman is expected to accept a plea deal. He's accused of possessing child pornography. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Former Subway restaurant spokesman Jared Fogle leaves a police vehicle outside of his Zionsville, Ind., home July 7, 2015, after FBI agents and Indiana State Police removed electronics from the property. (Photo: Charlie Nye, The Indianapolis Star)
Former Subway spokesman Jared Fogle reportedly has struck a plea bargain over federal charges, Indiana media reported Tuesday.
WREG-TV, citing unidentified sources, said the 37-year-old Fogle is expected to plead guilty to charges related to an investigation into possession of child pornography. He is expected to appear in federal court Wednesday morning in Indianapolis, and the U.S. attorney plans to hold a news conference afterward.
WTHR-TV also reported the plea deal, based on unnamed sources, and said Fogle might be charged only with conspiracy.
USA TODAY could not independently confirm whether Fogle struck a plea deal.
In an email to USA TODAY, Fogle's attorney Ron Elberger declined to comment. The U.S. Attorney's Office also declined to comment.
Federal agents and state troopers raided Fogle's home July 7 in connection with a child pornography investigation involving Russell Taylor, the former executive director of Fogle's foundation. He was arrested in May and is being held in a Kentucky federal prison awaiting trial. Investigators said they found hidden cameras and child-sex videos on his computer.
Subway dropped Fogle after Taylor's arrest.
"We no longer have a relationship with Jared and have no further comment," the company said Tuesday evening on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1NDJo8s
I've been reading up on all the great new stuff in Scala 2.10.0-RC3, and as always, one of the features mentioned is performance improvements. I was curious today what that meant for functional style work, so I wrote up a short microbenchmark to test it. I created a Sieve of Eratosthenes using streams, and a Sieve of Sundaram, both shown below:
Sieve of Eratosthenes –
def eratosthenes(toNum: Int) = { def sieveHelp(r: IndexedSeq[Int]): Stream[Int] = { if(r.isEmpty) Stream.empty else r.head #:: sieveHelp(r.tail.filterNot(_ % r.head == 0)) } sieveHelp(2 +: (3 to toNum by 2)) }
Sieve of Sundaram –
def sundaram(toNum: Int) = { val n = (toNum - 2)/2 val nonPrimes = for (i <- 1 to n; j <- i to (n - i) / (2 * i + 1)) yield i+j+(2*i*j) 2 +:((1 to n) diff nonPrimes map (2*_+1)) }
The Sieve of Sundaram is run 120 times, finding all primes below 3,000,000. The Sieve of Eratosthenes is run 60 times and finds all primes below 75,000. The results for both are in the chart below:
As you can see, the performance improvement for Sundaram are negligible, but the the performance of the Sieve of Eratosthenes is more than doubled! All in all, I'm looking forward to the release of 2.10 and further upgrades to the speed of the fastest and most flexible non-java jvm language.
For the source of my benchmark, go here: https://github.com/markehammons/2.10.0-RC3-Benchmark
Advertisements
What it shows is a world in which the fastest-growing forms of interconnection are not the ones that fit a lot of those preconceptions.
Image A worker in China moving scarves this week in preparation for sales tied to the World Cup in Brazil starting in June. This is an image many people have of global trade, but it's an incomplete one. Credit Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
“We focus a lot on the cheap goods from Vietnam and Bangladesh going to Walmart,” said Susan Lund, one of the authors. “In fact, the growing and larger share of global trade right now is about knowledge-intensive goods and services.”
That insight by itself isn't particularly new, of course. People who study international economics and globalization have noted the shift for many years. The McKinsey study, though, adds some useful approaches to quantifying the ways it now occurs.
Economists have a habit of looking at the world in terms of aggregates. The trade deficit numbers that the United States government releases each month treat an American company buying engineering services from a French consulting firm the same as it does an American buying a bottle of French wine. But the impact on the economy and society is very different — the wine represents a story of simple commercial transactions in which people in one country buy goods and services from people in another.
But it is those complex, long-lasting and knowledge-intensive forms of international connection, like the engineering example, that are increasing the fastest.
Global trade in knowledge-intensive goods — airplanes, pharmaceuticals, advanced electronics — rose at a nearly 8 percent annual rate from 2002 to 2012, compared with 6 percent for both capital-intensive but lower-tech goods (like petroleum and agricultural products) and labor-intensive goods (like textiles and toys).
Phil Mudd appears on Colbert Report (Photo: Screen capture)
CNN's counterterrorism analyst Phil Mudd worked as a senior official in both the FBI and CIA and he doesn't see someone like Gen. Michal Flynn making it through too many years of Donald Trump's administration.
Mudd referenced Flynn's claim that Arabic signs were on the U.S./Mexico border guiding terrorists into our country. It is worthy of serious concern.
“Not only in terms of the history we've seen here, repeated tweets and involvement of his son in the transition which proved to be an embarrassment for the Vice President,” Mudd explained. Within 24 months I will predict he's out of a job, Gen. Flynn. Not just because of what he says but look at the other people around the table at the meetings that he chairs. General Mattis, seasoned professionals, college professors in the world of national security. They are going to eat Flynn's lunch. In comparison to the other people around the table, people he's supposed to supervise, in some sense, he's going lose them in the next couple of years.”
He went on to say that it isn't even a matter of experience or reputation so much as ensuring that the president of the United States has “someone who's supposed to show steady judgment in the face of threats from Iran, North Korea and Russia.” Instead, he's being caught up in fake news stories and “random trafficking roots from terrorists.”
Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany disagreed entirely saying that if Gen. Flynn saw photos of signs then the signs are real and not another fake news story, as some have alleged. She went on to cite examples of people from various Middle Eastern countries who have made it across the border.
Mudd took issue with McEnany's claims, saying that the United States doesn't make national security judgments based on if something could happen.
“He alleged there was a factual argument to say that there were signs on the border about terrorists been directed by a foreign power,” Mud said. “Presumably, he's referring to Iran. That is not a supposition. It's not a guess. It is a statement. A condition of fact by a future national security advisor. I'm not interested in why something might be true. I want to know why a future national security advisor alleged a fact that can't be proven to be true at all.”
McEnany claimed that Mudd can't prove that something doesn't exist. Cooper cited the multiple cases in which Flynn has promoted fake news and stories that aren't real and explained that it calls into question his judgment and believability.
Check out the full discussion from an outstanding panel below:
Hillary Clinton is edging Trump in several states that could play a significant role in determining the next president, according to new battleground state surveys by the left-leaning group Public Policy Polling.
Of the half dozen states in which PPP surveyed likely general election voters, Clinton currently leads Trump in all but one. The former secretary of state has a 4-point advantage over Trump in Ohio (44 to 40 percent), New Hampshire (43-39), and Pennsylvania (46-42) and an 8-point lead over the billionaire in Wisconsin (47-39).
In Iowa, which President Obama won handily in both 2008 and 2012, Clinton leads her Republican opponent by two percentage points (41-39), putting Trump within the margin of error against her.
The only state in which Trump currently bests Clinton is Arizona, which falls outside the traditional battleground state category but could come into play this November due to Trump's low favorability numbers among Hispanics.
Clinton leads Trump by at least 15 percentage points among non-white voters in every state but Wisconsin, where minority voters are split 37-37 between the two candidates. The former first lady also leads Trump among millennial voters ages 18-29 in every state, while Trump typically does better among voters ages 30 to 45.
Poll results come the same day Trump travels to both Ohio and Pennsylvania as he looks to court blue-collar communities with his anti-trade message. Clinton was in the Buckeye State on over the weekend and on Monday, rallying supporters with the help of Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
The latest PPP survey of voters in the six battleground states was conducted between June 22-23. Results contain varying margins of error across the six states.
Twenty flying squad members, 10 high-powered flying squad cars, as many as 40 members of the police counter-assault team and VIP protection unit and several armoured and specialised surveillance vehicles.
This is what taxpayers coughed up to protect more than 200 guests, labelled as "royalty", who are attending the wedding of Vega Gupta, niece of the politically connected Gupta brothers, to Aakash Jahajgarhia, from India, at Sun City in North West.
There is already controversy about the arrival at Waterkloof Air Force base of a passenger jet carrying wedding guests.
It has prompted a multi-pronged investigation by the South African Revenue Service and the Department of Defence.
The civilian guests, who arrived at the air force base without being screened by customs officials, were whisked away in a convoy of white Range Rovers, protected by the large police detail, who clocked in at 5am.
A police officer who was involved in the operation and its planning said yesterday the security detail had been finalised last week already.
They had had to clock in for work at 5am on Tuesday and had knocked off at 2pm.
"The flying squad members [from across Gauteng] were all off duty and will receive additional overtime payments for answering the call to duty," he said.
As many as 40 policemen from the counter-assault team and the VIP protection unit were ordered to escort five trucks from OR Tambo Airport to Sun City. Two of these apparently contained gifts for the wedding couple and dignitaries.
"The CAT members used their armoured Humvees and specialised surveillance vehicles for the operation," said the officer.
The specialist policemen remained at Sun City to protect the venue and guests during the wedding, for which most of the Palace of the Lost City at the resort is booked out.
Police Ministry spokesman Zweli Mnisi said Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa did not authorise the blue-light escort.
"That is an operational matter. That is dealt with by SAPS management," he said.
SA Police Service national spokesman Brigadier Phuti Setati said: "We are not commenting on the matter for now."
A South African Air Force official working at Waterkloof said they had been told the guests were "royalty" and that they should be treated as such.
"We were told no questions were to be asked in terms of why civilians were landing here. There were, from what we could see, no government officials on board," said an air force member who asked not to be identified. We were given a passenger list to ensure that all were processed without any hindrance," he said.
"This goes against everything an air force base is about - it is only in the strictest of emergencies that civilians can land here or if they are presidents, kings and queens -- not because they are friends of the president."
Yesterday, outrage erupted over what seems to be special treatment for the Gupta family.
ANC secretary-general Gwede Mantashe said "heads must roll" as the ruling party called for an investigation into the matter.
"The aircraft has compromised our national security," SA Communist Party second deputy president Solly Mapaila said at a Cosatu Workers' Day rally.
"We want those responsible to be called to account. This is a serious abuse and misuse of government resources."
But no one was taking responsibility.
Mac Maharaj, spokesman for President Jacob Zuma, refused to comment, saying "[The Department of] Defence is commenting."
When asked if the president had made any inquiries into the situation, he repeated that he was not commenting.
The secretaries of the tripartite alliance are expected to discuss the matter at a meeting today.
A customs and excise official at the base said the arrival of the Jet Airways A330-203 passenger jet was a "serious breach of protocol".
"We were instructed to bring in additional staff to process the more than 200 passengers. We were told they are friends of Zuma and that this must be done quickly and with as little inconvenience [as possible] to the guests," he said.
"When some tried to question [this] we were warned that this was being done with the highest authority and that the instructions came from the top.
''Obviously our minister and the other government department heads know what is going on.
''They would all have had to sanction something like this.
"They are passing the buck because you guys [the media] found out. The search will be on for [those] who spoke out about it," he said.
Gupta family spokesman Gary Naidoo insisted that permission had been obtained from the defence force to use the base.
He said the Indian High Commission, not the Gupta family, had applied for and was granted the permission.
The Indian High Commissioner in South Africa, Virendra Gupta, could not be reached personally yesterday, but his office declined to comment.
"I am not authorised to comment," said his second in charge, first secretary Mohit Yadav. - Additional reporting by TJ Strydom and Sapa
Shappi Khorsandi and Richard Osman join us for the first episode of Series 6. In it the teams try to survive a wolf encounter, pick their way through the minefield of social kissing and deal with problems including looking after evil teenagers, fear of driving, not being boyfriend material and butlering (in the form of very proper expert guest Malcolm the Butler).
If you're at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival this summer, why not check out host Danielle Ward's show 'Seventeen' - on every day at 2.40pm at Just the Tonic at The Caves (Venue 88). Info & Tickets
And if you enjoy Do The Right Thing, then please help bring this new series to all the would-be-listeners out there. Also... follow us on Twitter (@DTRTpodcast), 'Like' it on Facebook and comment on iTunes. Thanks!
Download episode
Next DTRT episodes
Do The Right Thing - All Episodes
Ex-PM says May will face pressure for softer EU exit day after Sir John Major said a hard Brexit is ‘increasingly unsustainable'
May needs to listen to other parties on Brexit, says Cameron
David Cameron has said Theresa May will face pressure for a softer version of Brexit in the wake of losing her parliamentary majority, adding she should consult more widely on the process.
Cameron's intervention came a day after another former PM, Sir John Major, said the idea of a more robust Brexit was “increasingly unsustainable”. Separately, reports are suggesting the chancellor, Philip Hammond, will seek to keep the UK in the EU customs union.
The comments from Cameron, at a business conference in Poland, included a suggestion that May listen to other parties on the best way to depart from the EU.
“It's going to be difficult, there's no doubt about that, but perhaps an opportunity to consult more widely with the other parties on how best we can achieve it,” he said, according to a report in the Financial Times.
“I think there will be pressure for a softer Brexit,” Cameron said, adding that parliament “deserves a say” on how to manage the process.
Cameron, who stepped down as an MP shortly after quitting No 10 in the wake of the Brexit referendum, said the 13 new Scottish Tory MPs would help push for a softer Brexit, aided by the Scottish party leader, Ruth Davidson.
“There's no doubt that there is a new player on the stage,” he said. “Scotland voted against Brexit. I think most of the Scottish Conservatives will want to see perhaps some changes with the policy going forward.”
Cameron's comments follow those of Major, who told the BBC on Tuesday that he believed May's loss of a majority would mean she would need to temper her Brexit plans.
Major also used the interview to warn against May's planned informal coalition with the Democratic Unionists, saying this could imperil the Northern Ireland peace process.
On Brexit, he said: “I think the concept of what we crudely call a hard Brexit is becoming increasingly unsustainable. The views of those who wish to stay in are going to have to be born in mind to a much greater extent after this election. A hard Brexit was not endorsed by the electorate in this particular election.”
The veteran Conservative MP Ken Clarke, a longtime critic of Brexit, said on Wednesday that he believed May would have to compromise on her plans.
“Yes, it's self-evident,” he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. “Everybody's saying the same thing – you cannot carry out this negotiation on the basis of every aspect of it is going to be negotiated with the DUP to get their vote in support of it, and then you're going to try and get the entire Conservative party to agree with each other on whatever you have tried to negotiate.”
Clarke called for a cross-party approach: “I think we'd restore confidence in politics if we could show that this parliament can at least function in presenting a view in the national interest which could command a majority on a cross-party basis.”
On Wednesday, the Times reported that Hammond – who was expected to lose his post as chancellor before May's authority was undermined by the election result – is pushing within government for the UK to remain in the customs union.
The paper cited one source as saying Hammond was in “street-fighting mode”, with another saying he would get support from Damian Green, the former pensions secretary, who is now May's deputy.
In her Lancaster House speech in January that set out her Brexit plans, May said the UK would leave the customs union, as well as the EU's single market.
The interventions come after the French president, Emmanuel Macron, said the door to the EU would remain open to Britain during Brexit negotiations, which will get under way next week.
Speaking in the gardens of the Élysée palace in Paris in a joint press conference with May, Macron made it clear that he respected the sovereign decision of the British people. However, he added: “Until negotiations come to an end there is always a chance to reopen the door.”
But Macron suggested that time was of the essence, saying: “As the negotiations go on it will be more and more difficult to go backwards.”
A good way to tell whether a media outlet is serious about ObamaCare reporting is to see if they cover this bombshell as a corollary to the new enrollment data. If 365,000 have “signed up” but only one-tenth of them, say, have paid their first month of premiums to activate their new coverage, how many people are really “enrolled” in ObamaCare plans right now?
Last week an insurer in Indiana told CNN that one of their plans had received payment from only 20 percent of people who signed up so far. According to Charles Ornstein's sources, that insurer was doing relatively well.
“There is also a lot of worrying going on over people making payments,” industry consultant Robert Laszewski wrote in an email. “One client reports only 15% have paid so far. It is still too early to know for sure what this means but we should expect some enrollment slippage come the payment due date.” Another consultant Kip Piper, agreed. “So far I'm hearing from health plans that around 5% and 10% of consumers who have made it through the data transfer gauntlet have paid first month's premium and therefore truly enrolled,” he wrote me… Blue Shield of California said it has sent out thousands of payment request letters… While saying it is difficult to guess what will happen, Piper said he believes “a plan will be lucky if half of applicants pay first month's premium on time for January coverage start but that perhaps three-quarters will pay in time for coverage start by February or March.”
My pal Karl pointed out on Twitter that Ezra Klein's blog is describing the 365,000 sign-ups announced by HHS today as people who “have purchased private insurance.” Simply not true, and it's no minor detail that it isn't. Remember, per the CNN article last week, failing to pay by the deadline this month doesn't necessarily mean that your coverage will take effect next month as soon as you finally pony up with your first premium. In some states, your enrollment is void if you don't complete the purchase on time. That means you'll have to re-enroll in January, which might be an easy process or might not be depending upon whether Healthcare.gov can handle the growing traffic load and whether insurers are buried under a mountain of backlogged applications, some of them with errors that require correction.
I'm frankly surprised that HHS hasn't started ringing alarm bells about the nonpayment problem in order to try to mitigate it. I can only assume, as with so much else, that that's a political decision made at the expense of a policy one. The more they start screaming about paying on time, the more the media will start focusing on this as the next landmine to detonate, replete with another look at how pricey some of America's new “affordable” coverage is. Better to keep quiet, let people not pay, and then seek some form of “fix” next month in which HHS covers the first month of payments for new enrollees in return for repayment at a later date. Or maybe the easier fix would be for the King to proclaim that no enrollments will be voided in the event of nonpayment. They'll simply be suspended until payment is tendered. That would reduce the logistical complexity of all this — a little — but I don't know how insurers will replace the missing revenue in January from all those delayed premiums. Maybe that's where Uncle Sam and “risk corridors” come in.
Elsewhere in ObamaCare chaos news, go read this USA Today report from Monday about how the new and allegedly improved Healthcare.gov is telling some people who make $80,000 a year that they qualify for Medicaid. When those people call the O-Care hotline, the operators tell them that whatever the website says must be correct. Will those poor saps be sprung from limbo in time to enroll before the deadline? Stay tuned.
Update: Sebelius was asked about this at today's House hearing. Quote:
Over the last three decades, Bimota has consistently produced the most outrageously styled motorcycles of any contemporary manufacturer. The DB3 Mantra was the Rimini company's attempt at a ‘naked bike', and was styled by Frenchman Sacha Lakic. It was built in two versions—the first in 1995 and the second in 1997—with only minor details changed, such as the fairing, exhaust system and headlight. This particular machine was built in 1997, and is one of just 28 bikes finished in red. Most of the 454 Mantras built were finished in yellow and gray, and all Mantras featured the V-twin Ducati Monster M900 engine. It's a light bike at only 173kg (381lbs) dry, and the 86bhp motor propelled it to 200kph (125mph). Today, the styling seems no less oddball—but can you see shades of the new Ducati Diavel in there?
Images courtesy of Phil Aynsley.
If you're in need of some serious funk jamming, look no further. Spafford has you covered.
The Arizona-based four-piece group refers to themselves as “Electro Funk Therapy.” It's an apt description for their wholly impressive sound, which captivates in its intensity and groove. They move through genres with ease, yet overwhelm with a combination of rock, funk, jazz, and jam. Take a listen to this track from last year and you'll see what we mean…
We are beyond excited to be partnering up with Spafford, helping cover their fall “Breakout” tour in style. The band has announced a seven-date run through Colorado and the Midwest, hitting stops in Boulder, Denver, Lincoln, Milwaukee, Neenah, Chicago and DeKalb. They'll also be joined by great groups like Kitchen Dwellers, Digg, A Ferocious Jungle Cat and Conundrum for the first four shows, and intend to add more dates and supporting acts soon!
For all the information you'd want about these upcoming dates, be sure to head to Spafford's website here. You can see the full tour schedule, printed below.
Spafford's Break Out Tour 2016
09/22 – Boulder, CO – Fox Theatre$
09/23 – Denver, CO – Cervantes Other Side#
09/24 – Lincoln, NE – Bodega's Alley%
09/28 – Milwaukee, WI – The Miramar Theatre@
09/29 – Neenah, WI – Cranky Pat's
09/30 – Chicago, IL – Tonic Room
10/01 – DeKalb, IL – The House Cafe
$ – w/ Kitchen Dwellers
# – w/ Digg
% – A Ferocious Jungle Cat
@ w/ Conundrum
I'm not a child, well not in body but I make up for this by having the mental age of an eight year old and constantly mess around. I'm also a bit of a fidget, especially when it comes to settling down and sleeping at night. If it isn't my chest making me cough, the voices in my head making me laugh or just general unease, in the words of the band Faithless - “I can get no sleep”.
Enter various products containing menthol to clear my chest and lavender to try and knock me out. The first of the products used to try and help ease me to sleep was the Ickle Baby Bot Bath Bomb by Lush.
This is what Lush have to say about their Ickle Baby Bot Bath Bomb:
‘A gentle lavender bath bomb to relax children before bedtime. This is a bath bomb designed to look after young children's delicate skin, and is so gentle it's suitable for babies over six months. Its aromatherapy oils also work to soothe irritable cherubs before bedtime. Lavender is a calming aromatherapy oil, used in
traditional medicine to treat skin irritations, sunburn and insect bites.'
Unlike most bath bombs that look like and are the same size as a softball the Ickle Baby Bot actually is moulded to look like a robot. The child inside my head screams, that is soooo cool.
At this point I would add photographs of it fizzing away in the bath but *cough* someone in their infinite wisdom decided to re-format the laptop and all of my images have been wiped. You'll have to trust me on this one people.
After being lobbed into the bath there is in my opinion a distinct lack of aromas - with other bath bombs its like a fragrance haze wafting from the water but Ickle Baby Bot is far more subtle. It doesn't belt you in the face thankfully but you can pick up hints of lavender. My first thoughts were that this didn't stand a chance of relaxing me and on further inspection of the water I couldn't see any of the oils floating on the surface. Had I just lobbed the proverbial lemon into my bath?!?
Well yes and no. While the fragrance is subtle the longer you soak into the water the more you recognise it. Normally after exposure to a smell for a prolonged period I become used to it, but as this continuously alters you can tell its there but it is no way overpowering.
I soaked for an hour and again didn't feel any of the oils in the water. After washing again my skin wasn't that soft or smooth to the touch. It took about another hour after bathing for the full effects to come to the fore. Even though only mid afternoon I started to feel very relaxed and drowsy even after having a good nights sleep the night before. The following day my skin was very soft to the touch, so much more than usual.
Designed for small children and big adults with small brains (me) this ticks all of the boxes bar one. At £1.95 per bath I just think it's a little too much when you can hardly ask a toddler for their feedback on the relaxing properties of the product.
(if I had kids) but personally will veer away from this in future opting for the would recommend this for occasional usebut personally will veer away from this in future opting for the Lord of Misrule Bath Bomb . It has a stronger, more full bodied fragrance, can be broken in two to increase the value for money element and leaves my skin super silky soft.
Credit: Twitter
Nathan Griffith Reacts to Mom Filing for Full Custody of Kaiser (UPDATE)
by 0 Shares
Advertisement
UPDATE (9/11/17 at 10:16 a.m. ET): Nathan Griffith is breaking his silence on his mom, Doris, filing for emergency custody of Kaiser, his 3-year-old son with Jenelle Evans. Word got out last week that Doris had filed after finding out Jenelle's daughter, Ensley, tested positive for marijuana at birth. So, does Nathan agree with his mom getting involved?
But of course. Though Nath admitted he "can't comment" on legal stuff, he did concede that he agrees with his mother's decision. "The only thing I can say is that I agree with what my mom is trying to do for that amazing child of mine," he said in a statement to Real Mr. Housewife.
Credit: MTV
He also probably said just a little bit too much on Twitter, responding to Jenelle's claims that Doris filing for emergency custody insinuates her son is on drugs and not capable of taking care of the toddler either.
Please stop lying. My mom never said I was possibly on drugs, I never have been. Plus, the court case is set oct 2. Nathan J. Griffith (@GroundLevelUp) September 9, 2017
Guess they'll be seeing each other in court! Read on for more on the allegations against Jenelle, her response to all the drama, and more bombshell reveals!
Credit: MTV
UPDATE (9/8/17 at 12:52 p.m. ET): We just knew Barbara Evans would come into play in the case between Nathan Griffith's mom and Jenelle Evans. The Teen Mom 2 star is responding to the court docs Doris Davidson filed requesting "emergency" custody of Kaiser, and Jenelle insists her own mom is to blame.
"Our lawyers are talking today," the 25-year-old tells E! News in a statement. "Doris made accusations but I can tell you that Barbara has a lot to do with them… Doris threw her own son under the bus by admitting that he has pending felonies and possibly on drugs. Her emergency filing was against me and Nathan both."
Credit: Instagam
She continues, "I can tell you that they are allegations, driven by my mom, and she didn't get her emergency custody. That speaks for itself."
E! claims Babs was referenced in the court docs as she expressed "concern" for the 3-year-old's well-being, when she saw both him and big brother Jace locked out of the Evans/Eason house on a hot summer day.
Credit: MTV
Read on for more on this court drama, including allegations that Jenelle ingested pot while pregnant with Ensley!
Credit: MTV
UPDATE (9/8/17 at 10:32 a.m. ET): The case between Nathan Griffith's mother, Doris Davidson, and Jenelle Evans is only getting worse. Not only is she claiming the Teen Mom 2 star smoked marijuana while pregnant with daughter Ensley, she's accusing the 25-year-old of locking her kids outside in hot weather. According to court documents obtained by Radar Online, Kaiser's grandma found the kids outside of the mother of three's home by themselves.
“Upon information and belief, Jace and the minor child Kaiser were locked out of the house on a very hot day and not allowed back in for a very long time.” Doris also claims Jenelle's oldest son, Jace, was lost in the woods for two hours by himself.
Credit: Instagram
“On Friday, July 28, 2017 the proposed Intervenor went to Plaintiffs home to pick up the minor child the minor child was in the yard alone. Plaintiffs yard is a wooded area,” the documents stated. “The proposed Intervenor stopped her vehicle immediately in fear that the minor child would run in front of the car. The minor child and Plaintiffs pitbull we're the only ones around.”
Credit: Instagram
Click on for more details about the case.
Original story (9/7/17 at 5:52 p.m. ET): Jenelle Evans told Wetpaint all about her scary birth experience with Ensley and how the electricity went out in the middle of labor — but it turns out she left out some very important details. New reports, some of which have been confirmed, insist the Teen Mom 2 star was investigated by CPS shortly after her daughter's birth in January when the baby tested positive for marijuana. Yes, this means Jenelle ingested pot while pregnant!
TM2 fans are well aware of Jenelle's troubled past, which includes upwards of 15 arrests and a long history of substance abuse.
Credit: MBSCPD/Splash
However, she seemed to be clean and sober circa 2013, when she met then-boyfriend Nathan Griffith and got pregnant with their son, Kaiser.
And though it seemed as though the 25-year-old has been on the straight and narrow since, new court documents are bringing to light that may not be the case at all. As it turns out, the MTV star was under investigation by Child Protective Services when she was in the hospital after having Ensley because the newborn tested positive for THC, an active ingredient in marijuana, The Ashley reports.
This all came to a head when court documents filed by Nathan's mom, Doris, hit the internet. The concerned grandmother wanted emergency custody of her grandson Kaiser because Ensley tested positive for the drug. Though the baby wasn't taken away, CPS had been investigating Jenelle from her January delivery until May.
Credit: MTV
However, she eventually wiggled her way out of charges by obtaining a medical marijuana card from some “shady doctor” in Los Angeles.
The site reports the mom of three fought very hard to keep this drama off the show, as she's been headstrong about getting a good, family-friendly edit this season.
But the crew, as well as the other cast members, were well aware of the investigation and were perturbed that Jenelle got off the hook yet again. “She hasn't changed,” a source says.
Also, remember all that drama back in May between Jenelle and David Eason's sister, Jessica Eason? Turns out Jessica revealed at the time that Jenelle had smoked pot while pregnant, but later deleted the tweets.
It's been a hot minute since we've posted a story this “dramastic” about our girl Jenelle Evans, but we guess a leopard never changes their spots!
Credit: MTV
Joan Jade and the Gates of Xibalba was available as a giveaway on April 16, 2017!
Expelled - the adventure of a rabbit on dangerous planets, and all in order to use the only chance to get out of prison and return home to his wife and children.
Exclusive offer from Giveaway of the Day and MyPlayCity! No third-party advertising and browser add-ons!
Three things stand between you and your children -- a jungle teeming with danger, the ruins of an ancient Mayan tribe and a band of thugs -- and you're not going to let any of them stop you! Take on the role of Joan Jade, archeologist of the year and mother extraordinaire, as she searches for Hidden Objects, solves mind-melting puzzles and beats one ingenious minigame after another in Joan Jade and the Gates of Xibalba!
The current owner of the famous and iconic John Lautner Garcia house talks about the difficult, but fulfilling, process of renovating a Modernist masterpiece.
In certain free moments while attending college in California, a young John McIlwee would ride his motorcycle up and down Mullholland drive, curiously looking up at a peculiar arching structure that sits atop a hillside in the Santa Monica Mountains. He knew nothing about the structure's purpose or what architect might have designed it, but those early days were enough to spark a curiosity in McIlwee that would one day lead to him owning and renovating John Lautner's Garcia House.
Originally built in 1962 for Russ and Rina Garcia, the structure's iconic, curved roofline (some may even recognize the house from the film Lethal Weapon 2) is supported by two strong V-shaped supports.
Once inside the house, the inhabitant or guest is treated to panoramic views of Hollywood through the vast walls of clear and colored glass. It is these breathtaking views of California that caused McIlwee to fall in love with the house.
Many years after McIlwee's leisurely motorcycle rides, he would come to view the Garcia House out of a simple curiosity rather than a desire to buy it. “We came to see it, had no intentions of buying it. I just wanted to see what it was. And when you're in the structure, it's absolutely the most spectacular feeling you get with the indoor/outdoor. And we just went for it. So we bought it.”
Subsequent to buying Lautner's Garcia House, McIlwee was delighted to realize that the core elements were still in good shape. “The structure was intact, it was virtually perfect, completely structurally sound. He (Lautner) over-built everything.” However, the new residences of the home were still unsure as to what possessed the architect to embark on such a complicated and extravagant domestic design.
In a stroke of good fortune, McIlwee was given the opportunity to discuss the famous home with its first owners: “We were fortunate enough to meet Russ and Gina Garcia, who he built the house for. When we moved back in, they had stopped by and we were outside so we invited them in and asked them every question we could possibly want answered. And I said, you know, “What could you have possibly told John Lautner to build, as a directive, to build this house?”
And the directive was, Russ Garcia was a musician so we had to create music. And his wife is a big entertainer and she would often have parties with a 150, 200 people. He had to be able to compose music while she was having a party and not be bothered.”
And so Lautner was tasked with incredible feat of building a hillside house that simultaneously enabled silence and privacy and large scale social events. It is for this reason that the unique house is split into two completely separate wings.
McIlwee soon learned that, although the house was structurally sound and intact, many of the original interior features had been removed or altered by previous inhabitants. “In the 80s, one of the owners that owned this place ripped out everything that was reminiscent of the original design – cabinets, load-bearing walls, faucets. There was basically nothing left that was original and they replaced it with an 80s feel. Mirror, formica, it was actually atrocious.”
Not only had the house undergone a drastic change with regards to its interior design, but difficulty completing various maintenance tasks compounded the already gargantuan job of effectively renovating John Lautner's Garcia house.
“John Lautner was both a blessing and a curse … he built these incredibly unique structures, which are for the most part completely custom … so simple things like changing a light bulb become monumental tasks.”
Over the years, simple maintenance tasks became so difficult to complete that the house's various inhabitants could not complete them. When McIlwee came to own the house, a section of the roof was leaking and parts of the decking were cracked as the house, due to the complicity and custom nature of its design, was extremely difficult to maintain. In order to restore this masterpiece to its former glory, McIlwee had to take drastic measures – “It was this kind of maintenance items that we had to basically address and effectively we stripped the thing down to the bare bones in order to rebuild it.”
McIlwee commissioned the Los Angeles architecture firm Marmol Radziner with the task of renovating the Garcia house. “Marmol Radziner was the best. We did a lot of research on the architects, and they did the Kaufmann House in Palm Springs. And they really knew what they were doing. They have a design build, they had a wood shop, they had a metal shop.”
Marmol Radziner were perfectly suited to and well-equipped to impart a new lease of life on McIlwee's new home. “They researched and designed all the new cabinetry, all the surfaces in the bathrooms. The things that were left when we had the house, we had the kitchen sink, we had a magazine rack and a toothbrush holder. It was the only actual things that were left. Everybody else had ripped everything out.”
Throughout the remodeling process, McIlwee never believed that he must doggedly resurrect the structure's original interior design. “I'm not a purist so when something is ripped out or removed, I think you have an opportunity to take liberties to make something better. And Lautner was the person that believed in if there's better technology, when you are able to do something, he wanted you to do it.” Trusting Lautner's directive that, if a method whereby you could improve your home in the future arises, you should embrace it and utilize it, McIlwee took it upon himself to tweak certain aspects of the design.
“Because the whole part of the floor plan had been removed and reconfigured, we then said, “Okay, we're going to put it back. But what makes the most sense to put it back?” So we kind of took a little bit of liberties on the master's side in terms of living space. But it really serves our purposes and I think it's made the house much better.”
Having lived through the process of lovingly and frustratingly renovating such a distinctive mid-century home, McIlwee now understands the importance of protecting and maintaining America's iconic domestic architecture. “I really believe that these structures, they have to be protected because so much of our history has been lost, especially in a city like this, that houses were the iconic structures. It isn't big monuments or other buildings, it's the houses.”
(photos via AD Magazine)
John Lautner's Garcia house and many others like it have a certain unique ability to enrich the lives of those fortunate enough to own or visit them.
By bringing avant-garde architecture out of the city and imparting it into the domestic sphere, these homes will continue to influence the lives of people like John McIlwee. “. It's changed our lives … It's made me particularly a bigger thinker. It has opened the world of architecture and art, and just interesting people that never would have come across our path unless we didn't have this place.”
Photos via AD
SEE MORE
This article is about the computer magazine. For the series of novels by Terry Pratchett and its fictional setting, see Discworld
Diskworld issue #1 (1988) Cover toissue #1 (1988)
Diskworld (ISSN 0899-4838) was a disk magazine for the Apple Macintosh computer system, published by Softdisk[1] beginning in 1988. It was a sister publication of Softdisk for the Apple II, Loadstar for the Commodore 64, and Big Blue Disk for the IBM PC.[2] Diskworld ceased publication in 1998.
Overview [ edit ]
Diskworld was originally designed and created by Sean Golden (Managing Editor), Jeff Billings (Senior Programmer) and Lynda Fowler (Junior Programmer). Sean Golden wrote the original Diskworld "shell" program which provided access to the monthly disk contents. He also wrote most of the editorial content each month. Jeff Billings and Lynda Fowler developed monthly productivity, utility or game programs which were published on the disk. Jeff and Lynda also provided some editorial content, and Sean also contributed programs. Freelance programmers also provided content for a fee. The product was broken down into editorials, articles, reviews, artwork and software, all presented with the custom "shell" program which allowed users to run the disk without having to swap out system disks on the original Macintosh. The early issues were published on 400K disks, but moved to 800K disks when the 400K disks become obsolete.
Eventually it was possible to produce a version of the "shell" program that did not carry a duplicate version of the macOS when hard drives became commonplace. That allowed for more content to be published on each disk. Jeff Billings left the company and Lynda Fowler became Senior Programmer. When Sean Golden was promoted to Softdisk Publishing, Inc. Publisher, Lynda Fowler became Managing Editor of Diskworld.
Later, Diskworld was renamed Softdisk for Mac, but it ceased publication in 1998[3] along with the other disk magazines published by Softdisk (other than Loadstar, which broke off as an independent company and continued into the 2000s) as the company moved more into Internet development.
family nudism and nudism with children. Now that the nudist lifestyle appears in the news now and then, even the regular media starts talking about it. This is probably the most discussed topic when it comes to nudism, among nudists and even more among textiles. Every nudist blogger around has at some point written an article aboutand nudism with children. Now that the nudist lifestyle appears in the news now and then, even the regular media starts talking about it.
Is it okay to introduce your children into the nudism?
Is it okay to let your children run around naked?
Is it okay for your children to see naked adults?
Is it okay that adults see your child naked?
Now that the walls around the nudists are slowly crumbling down and nudism is getting accepted by the majority or at least not so much frowned upon, child nudism is still a taboo.
And even though this topic is so well covered, we still thought that we had to share our 2 cents about this. But it's not easy because we can understand both sides. Although one side takes the upped hand… Indeed… The nudist side.
The cons of family nudism
We have to protect our children, no doubt about that. We don't want to give them too many sorrows, too much stress so they can enjoy their young years happily.
pedophilia. And this didn't get any better with the years. When we were kids we had heard about child molesters, they were the awkward men hanging around playgrounds, feeding candy to children and once in a while showing them their “birdie”. The major argument against child nudism is of course. And this didn't get any better with the years. When we were kids we had heard about child molesters, they were the awkward men hanging around playgrounds, feeding candy to children and once in a while showing them their “birdie”.
We were told to stay away from those people and that was that.
Now it's gotten so much bigger. When we watch the news, it seems like on every street corner there's someone with wrong intentions. Children are approached in chat rooms, kidnapped, raped, sold to dark prostitution networks and never seen again… No wonder people are scared.
So the theory goes: “A naked kid is more attractive to child molesters than a clothed kid, so let's keep them clothed”. It's like saying “a kid that often leaves the house has a bigger chance to get hit by a car, so let's keep them all in” or “corrupt politicians have often studied economics, so we won't let our kids study that”. Now it suddenly gets a strange taste, right?
There's a small line between protecting your children and keeping them ignorant.
took the picture ourselves, because people put plenty of photos of their children on Facebook: naked in the bath tub, naked on the beach, naked under the hose or on a sheep's skin. But that's only for our friends, we think. We think. And then there are the photographs. It's true, within a blink of an eye someone can take a photo of your naked kid and put it online on some illegal website. Nobody wants their kids appearing there, right? Except when we, because people put plenty of photos of their children on Facebook: naked in the bath tub, naked on the beach, naked under the hose or on a sheep's skin. But that's only for our friends, we think. We think.
It's important to note that nudists are a social and protective community. Seriously, this is pure gold. Not only do we try to protect our nudist spaces from perverts, we also protect each other.
Another reason against child nudism is that we shouldn't raise our children as a minority, because they will get more chances in life when they're raised more mainstream. Which basically means: Make sure your child is the same as any other child.
And again, there is some truth in this. Kids that are different than the others have a higher chance to get bullied. But in that point of view, it's impossible to win. Kids get bullied for the strangest things, which clothes they wear, the colour of their hair, because they wear glasses, because they stutter, because they're larger/smaller/thicker/thinner than the rest. There's no way you can prevent them from being bullied.
One thing that nudism teaches us is that everybody is the same and that appearance doesn't really matter. This is important for adults, but even more for children.
This insight doesn't only give your child a strong personality, but also teaches them the importance of body acceptance and respecting other people. Not only will they stand stronger against bullies, there's also a much lower chance that they'll become bullies themselves.
And then there's sex.
Many people still believe that allowing children to play naked with each other will turn them into little perverts and eventually will result in teenage pregnancy. Even though a nudist culture actually prevents this. By normalising nudity, a naked body isn't automatically seen as something sexual, so teenagers that have been raised as nudists are less focused on seeing the other person naked. The other person will feel more comfortable because they know that they won't be expected to look like fake role models from the media or internet. If there's any comparison at all, it will be with real life role models.
Imagine this: 2 strangers, a boy and a girl, both about 14-15 years old, raised conservative, never seen a naked body in real life so totally dependent on what they saw on TV, internet and in their imagination, are put together naked in a room. What will happen?
For sure there will be a lot of awkward moments, a lot of shame, a lot of staring and 4 red cheeks. What will they talk about? Who knows? Probably not the most interesting topics and certainly with a lot of stuttering…
Will this result in teenage pregnancy? Maybe, maybe not.
Now imagine this: 2 strangers, a boy and a girl, both about 14-15 years old, raised as nudists, used to see naked bodies of all ages and sizes, are put together naked in a room. What will happen?
In fact we didn't even have to mention that they are naked, because they will react the same as if they were clothed. They will greet each other, have a sit and start talking. They won't be focused on their or the other person's nudity, so what they talk about can be anything.
Will this result in teenage pregnancy? Maybe, maybe not.
The pros of family nudism
Actually, we have already covered some of the pros in the previous section. Raising your child as a nudist will help them build a strong personality which will help them fight the uncertainties that are waiting for them when they'll reach puberty. It will give them a more normalised idea of the naked body which will help them get a clearer idea about what they expect in relationships.
Children are born nudists. Not for the obvious reason that everyone is born naked, but because if you ask any little kid whether they want to be clothed or naked, they will most likely go for the naked option. And until a certain age this is completely accepted. Nobody's chocked when they see a three year old running around naked on the beach. For a six year old there can be some frowns. And anything above six is just not done. Until this age it's decent to be naked, afterwards not anymore.
When you think about it, it's quite strange that a factor like age is used for a situation like this. It doesn't matter who you are or how you look. When you've been running around in the buff for 3 to 6 years, it's time to get dressed.
Another strange thing is that this is completely dependent on society. The ages we use here are for Europe, but in Bangladesh for example you won't see a naked kid outside. From birth the children are dressed. In Africa on the other hand it's not uncommon to see a 12-14 year old running around naked on the beach. And we're not talking small village Africa here, but the main beach of Accra, the capital of Ghana.
It all makes very little sense.
By assuming nudity as normal within a family, you're creating an openness that will become present in other facets of the child as well. You create an atmosphere of honesty. This is who we are, this is how we look, we have nothing to hide. It's a great situation for a child to grow up in.
But… And now we're getting to the most important part of this article… Don't put the focus on nudity and don't force your children into nudism because there might come a moment (typically around puberty) that they will start doubting the lifestyle. Leave them the option, but don't hide your nudity for them either.
We're naked and you can be naked too. But if you prefer to be dressed that's totally fine too.
Of everything we heard and read about this topic, this is the key to a successful nudist family.
Picture credit: The photos in this post are coming from Google and Twitter. If you find one of yourself and you don't want it to be on our blog, let us know and we'll remove it.
Last in a series on good burgers in the region.
Nestled between an auto shop and a gym in Waltham, City Streets Restaurant is easy to miss. The same can't be said about its massive burgers. Open since 2011, this swanky spot is known for having high-quality, innovative burgers. So much so that it has outgrown its current space and will be moving to a larger location on nearby Waverly Oaks Road in the fall.
Co-owner Rob Shanahan says the hand-packed City Burger ($10.95) is the most popular patty, with more than 200 sold each week. Right behind are the specialty stuffed burgers, including an extravagant mac and cheese model that has gained a cult following.
Advertisement
The City Burger starts off as a half-pound of ground sirloin. The bulky patty is seasoned with salt and pepper, then hits the gas grill, where it picks up its sear marks. The meat is tender, has a mild sweetness, and is dripping with juices. It lands on a seeded roll from LaVallee's, a Waltham bakery distributor. There are multiple cheese options ($1.25 extra), but a thick layer of classic American delivers a tasty bite. From there, it's worth a splurge ($1 more) to get bacon, which is made throughout the day and provides some nice crunchiness. The noticeably fresh romaine, red onion, and tomatoes come from Russo's in Watertown. There's nothing opulent about this burger, but everything is rock solid and delectable.
Some very good steak fries are cooked with each order and though not made in house, arrive piping hot and crispy. Burgers at City Streets deserve their following. City Streets Restaurant, 249 Lexington St., Waltham, 781-647-2489, www.citystreetsrestaurant.com
President Barack Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia shop for books at Politics and Prose in Washington, D.C., on Small Business Saturday, Nov. 29, 2014. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
Today, President Obama shared his official summer reading list -- a mix of fiction and non-fiction, including a Pulitzer Prize-winning surf memoir, a psychological thriller, and a science fiction novel. Check out the list:
"Barbarian Days: A Surfing Life" by William Finnegan
"The Underground Railroad" by Colson Whitehead
"H Is for Hawk" by Helen Macdonald
"The Girl on the Train" by Paula Hawkins
"Seveneves" by Neal Stephenson
And in case you missed it, here's what made the cut last year:
"All The Light We Cannot See" by Anthony Doerr
"The Sixth Extinction" by Elizabeth Kolbert
"The Lowland" by Jhumpa Lahiri
"Between the World and Me" by Ta-Nehisi Coates
"Washington: A Life" by Ron Chernow
Check out the President's summer playlist.
The organisation's chief urged the Indian-American community to help realise the goal of sanitation and cleanliness in India.
Sulabh International founder and chief, Bindeshwar Pathak. (Photo: Twitter)
Washington: A top Indian sociologist and social worker has announced to name one Indian village after US President Donald Trump, as part of his efforts to further India-US relationship.
"I announce to name one village in India as Trump Village," Sulabh International founder and chief, Bindeshwar Pathak, announced at a community event organized in the suburbs of Washington DC.
The village is being developed in Mewat region of Rajasthan. This, he said, is part of his effort to enhance India-US relationship. Giving a presentation to local community and political leaders, Pathak said he is working to provide affordable sanitation and toilets to the masses and end the practice of manual scavenging.
In his address, he urged the Indian-American community to help realize the goal of sanitation and cleanliness in India. The cost of one toilet ranges from USD 25 to USD 500, depending on nature of construction. Technology remains the same, he said.
Republican leader from Virginia, Ed Gillespie, who is running for Virginia Governor, highlighted the role of Indian American community plays in the US, adding "the US has a very strong relationship with India."
He and other local politicians also explored the option of adopting the technology of Sulabh international in Virginia and Maryland.
"Rural areas of Virginia have a problem in building toilets and its maintenance cost is very high. Several officials from both Virginia and Maryland have expressed their interest in adopting it locally so as to bring the cost down," said Virginia Republican Puneet Ahluwalia.
Congresswoman Barbara Comstock also felicitated Pathak on the occasion.
Do your kids understand the importance of God's role in American history? From the arrival of the pilgrims and the creation of our government, God has blessed America and made us a truly exceptional nation, one that is special and different from all others.
Learn Our History's latest film, One Nation Under God, celebrates and explains the crucial role that God has played in America's founding and development - and helps children understand how all of our rights and freedom come directly from God, not the government. It's a great way to help your children understand how God and the Holy Bible have influenced our world.
This fascinating, fun and FREE DVD follows the adventures of a group of time-traveling history students, who learn how America embraces our God-given freedoms and how God impacts our daily lives as Americans.
Grace your children with an exceptional gift—Order Learn Our History's One Nation Under God. It's absolutely FREE when you try to Learn Our History! You just pay $4.95 shipping & handling (see terms below). Plus, you'll get FREE bonus learning materials and FREE online streaming, too!
Fashion brand Danier is re-launching store locations under new ownership and new strategy, dropping ‘Leather' from its name and focusing on a variety of men's and women's fashion categories. The previous Danier Leather brand sought creditor protection in February of this year and closed its previous store locations, prior to being bought over the summer.
According to Danier's Managing Director, Olga Koel, the brand will initially focus its expansion in Ontario with several new locations. Stores will be different than those of the previous brand, being lighter and more modern, reflecting an air of accessible luxury. Danier dropped ‘Leather' from its name in order to carry a wider variety of products, which include apparel such as wool jackets and sweaters for both men and women. Prices are being kept reasonable to serve a wider market segment, with high-quality women's silk blouses being priced at $150, for example, while pure merino wool sweaters cost $177. A variety of outerwear (both in wool and leather) is available, as are collections of footwear, bags and accessories. Ms. Koel described Danier's new fashions as being fashion forward and high quality, serving a wide demographic with its competitive pricing.
From the moment I first powered up my Marcum LX-9, I knew that for me its scope would extend beyond hardwater. It has become my “crystal ball” as to what's swimming below. As you can see from the video I shot on December 4th in inner Boston Harbor, some of what's swimming below (still!) is striped bass! This was NOT taken in a river but from a totally saltwater environment. Sorry for a bit of the shakes, it was a windless day and my footage platform was my Hobie – it was so nice I couldn't resist a quick cruise!
What is keeping these fish put in the harbor? One word – forage! Much of the forage consists of river herring, which I have learned in some capacity never completely leave the harbor and are fuel for all that swims here. Healthy rivers are the building blocks for most of the life in the harbor, in addition to herring they are nurseries for shad, smelt and other river-running species.
When I discussed my findings with DMF biologist Brad Chase, who heads the anadromous species program, he made some very salient points. His first comment was, “Why would they leave (stripers that is) with all the bait?” And the second was, “See how important river-run species are?”
Now if the cod ever make a comeback, it could get very interesting in the harbor!
Kudos to the hardworking folks at the DMF, the MWRA and others who are restoring the vitality to our rivers and our harbor – Happy Holidays!
FERGUSON, Missouri (Reuters) - After months of race-fueled street protests, residents of Ferguson, Missouri, will have a chance next month to press their demands in a different way: at the ballot box.
Eight candidates including four African Americans are vying for three available seats on Ferguson's city council, promising change on a body that will be expected to introduce broad local reforms in a city shaken by the shooting of an unarmed black teenager by a white police officer last August.
Patricia Bynes, a committeewoman for Ferguson Township who is running a voter education program ahead of the April 7 election, said the vote is an important opportunity for the city's residents to take their demands to a new forum.
“Some people try to make the discussion about whether protests are more effective than voting, but I know that it takes both,” she said. “What some people don't recognize is that protesting alone will not get the people you want into office.”
Ferguson has been in turmoil since the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown seven months ago set off street protests that escalated in November when the officer was cleared of wrongdoing. The Ferguson case sparked demonstrations around the country over unfair police treatment of minorities.
Tensions flared again this month with the release of a U.S. Justice Department report detailing what it called systemic racial bias in the police force, and a court system that disproportionately levied steep fines on Ferguson's black residents. Ferguson's police chief, Thomas Jackson, resigned after the report's release, and calls are growing among activists for Mayor James Knowles to go as well.
The election promises more changes.
Some two-thirds of Ferguson's 21,000 residents are black, but the city has only ever had two black council members, both of whom were initially nominated to their positions. The current six-member council has one black member, Dwayne James, whose seat is not up for grabs. The election could triple that representation.
In Ferguson's Ward 3 voting district, which includes Brown's neighborhood and the sites of some of the worst clashes between protesters and police last year, two black candidates are vying for the same seat: municipal judge Wesley Bell and retiree Lee Smith.
VOTER APATHY
But some residents of the area were nonplussed by the prospect of a black representative.
“Just because they're black doesn't mean they are good,” said Carmie Hubbard, 40, who grew up with Brown. “There are a lot of prejudiced people, and dangerous people, on both sides. It boils down to morality.”
Hubbard said that, while she is registered to vote, she does not expect to cast a ballot next month.
“It just feels useless to vote.”
Ernest Eugene Bell, a 30 year-old record producer from the neighborhood, said he feels more optimistic.
“Without participating in elections, you'll never get the change you want.” He added that he feels the protests have stopped being useful, particularly after last Thursday when two police officers were shot at the end of a protest rally.
Two black and two white candidates are vying for a seat in Ferguson's Ward 1, while two white candidates - including former Mayor Brian Fletcher - are vying for the seat in the upscale Ward 2 voting area.
For activist Bynes, it is important to engage residents in the election. She said that she was using volunteer college students, free on spring break, as part of a program to educate voters.
“Like everywhere, municipal elections tend to draw a very small number of voters. It would be great to change that here and now,” she said. “We have never had a voter registration problem. The issue is turnout.”
Active registered voters in Ferguson rose by 4.6 percent to 12,698 voters in the past 9 months, in line with the rest of St. Louis County, said Eric Fey of the St. Louis County Election Board. Voter turnout in Ferguson for local elections, meanwhile, has tended to run between 10 and 40 percent, according to county records, spiking to 75 percent for presidential elections.
At a time when the lynching of a man over rumours that he slaughtered a calf has focussed attention on the issue of cow slaughter, a Muslim group in Hyderabad has made protecting the animal considered sacred by most Hindus its mission.
The Arab Gowrakshana Samiti runs a ‘gowshala' (cow shelter) at Barkas in the old quarters of Hyderabad, preaches against the eating of beef and helps rescue cows being taken for slaughter.
The group of about 150 people – including descendants of people of Arab origin who settled in Hyderabad when it was ruled by the Nizams of the Asaf Jah dynasty – contends that India's Muslims began eating beef only about 250 years ago during the British Raj.
“The cow is a sacred animal for our Hindu brothers. Beginning from Babur and throughout the Mughal rule, the cow and the attached Hindu sentiment were shown respect,” Abdallah Bin Ali Bahmaid, 39, the president of the group, told Hindustan Times.
“It is the British that came later (who) encouraged the consumption of cow meat among Indian Muslims to drive a wedge between the two communities.”
The Samiti has condemned the lynching of 55-year-old Mohammad Ikhlaq, who was killed by a mob in Bisada village in Uttar Pradesh over rumours that he had slaughtered a calf on the occasion of Eid-ul-Azha. But it has also stressed the importance of respecting the “sentiments of larger Indian tradition and culture”.
The group formally began its activities on August 15 after discussions among its members over rising communal tensions linked to the eating of beef and the need to promote brotherhood between Hindus and Muslims.
Bahmaid with these cows. (Photo by special arrangement)
Bahmaid, who says he is a lawyer, teacher, social worker and dairy farmer, claims Prophet Mohammed spoke against eating beef.
“The Prophet never ate cow meat and said its consumption can cause disease. It is unfortunate that there is a misconception among many Muslims about this aspect,” said Bahmaid, whose family runs a dairy with 21 cows.
“Such notions that beef has to be eaten by a Muslim should be dispelled. By not consuming cow, a great religion like Islam would not diminish.”
But Omar Abedeen, a prominent Shariah scholar of Hyderabad, said the Hadith – the record of sayings and traditions of the Prophet that is a major source of Islamic law – is interpreted in different ways by people and this might account for the Samiti's beliefs on beef.
“Beef is not prohibited in Islam. Diet is something that is best left to individual choice, especially in a democratic nation. If someone wants to eat beef, let him,” Abedeen said.
Khalid Bin Ali Bajamaal, general secretary of the Samiti, said the group intends to expand its activities to other cities such as New Delhi with help of like-minded Muslims and Hindus.
The Samiti's members are being censured for their beliefs by some Muslims though their campaign has been welcomed by Hindu groups in Hyderabad, who have invited them to festivals such as the recently concluded Ganesh Puja.
First Published: Oct 06, 2015 14:59 IST
Oregon's spring game is on Saturday and coach Mark Helfrich said the Ducks will try to play something resembling the game of American football.
But in order to do that, you need rosters.
The Ducks released theirs on Wednesday.
Earlier this week the Oregon coaches divided the roster into two, hoping to create competitive, equal teams to spar against each other in the 11 a.m. scrimmage.
Here's how they look, according to GoDucks.com
Team PATHWAY
QB: Jeff Lockie, Morgan Mahalak
RB: Royce Freeman, Taj Griffin, Lane Roseberry, Kani Benoit
WR: Byron Marshall, Devon Allen, Alex Ofodile, Chris Tewhill, Jeff Bieber, Dwayne Stanford
TE: Taylor Stinson, Koa Ka'ai, Johnny Mundt
OL: Tyrell Crosby, Tyler Johnstone, Tanner Davies, Jake Pisarcik, Evan Voeller, Jim Weber, Stetzon Bair, Doug Brenner
DL: T.J. Daniel, Canton Kaumatule, Henry Mondeaux, Jordan Kurahara, DeForest Buckner
LB: Danny Mattingly, De'Quan McDowell, Christian French, Joe Walker, Cody Carriger, Ivan Faulhaber, Tyson Coleman
DB: Arrion Springs, Charles Nelson, Khalil Oliver, Glen Ihenacho, Reggie Daniels, Tyler Reid, Austin Daich
ST: Ian Wheeler, Connor Johnson, Jesse Kelly, Aidan Schneider
Team OREGON
QB: Taylor Alie, Ty Griffin, Travis Jonsen
RB: Tony Brooks-James, Jarret LaCoste, J.J. Jones, Thomas Tyner
WR: Darren Carrington, Casey Eugenio, Jalen Brown, Chayce Maday, Bralon Addison, Zac Schuller
TE: Evan Baylis, Jake McCreath, Pharaoh Brown
OL: Zach Okun, Matt McFadden, Matt Pierson, Davis Miyashiro-Saipaia, Cameron Hunt, Haniteli Lousi, Braden Eggert, Elijah George
DL: Tui Talia, Jalen Jelks, Austin Maloata, Jason Sloan, Alex Balducci, Spencer Stark
LB: Rodney Hardrick, Johnny Ragin III, Torrodney Prevot, Jimmie Swain, Eddie Heard, Justin Hollins
DB: Tyree Robinson, Chris Seisay, Ugo Amadi, Mattrell McGraw, Jake Ryan, Michael Manns, Juwaan Williams
ST: Devin Melendez, Tanner Carew, Matt Wogan, Alec Eickert
As for the team names, they're named to recognize the coaches' PathwayOregon fundraiser.
Internet denizens got into our customary “go girl!” frenzy when Carrie Fisher took on critics of her appearance — initially aiming her virtual blaster at grousing fans and subsequently firing back at nasty New York Post writer Kyle Smith for sneering at her age. As these cycles tend to go, it was a rout. The masses cheered, deeming Fisher even more heroic than she was when Princess Leia singlehandedly strangled Jabba the Hutt. It seemed like yet another feel-good moment for pop-culture feminism, with Carrie Fisher as the latest “queen” who “owned” her “haters.”
Except what Fisher actually said went deeper than one might initially consider, even tweaking and undermining some of the accepted wisdom of today's iteration of online feminism. She didn't just say what many of her supporters said: “Stop hating — I'm a beautiful older woman.” Instead, she basically said, “Screw beauty, it's superficial anyway, and my other attributes matter way more than my appearance.”
How else to interpret her statements on Twitter? “Youth and beauty are not accomplishments.They're the temporary happy by-products [sic] of time and/or DNA. Don't hold your breath for either,” Fisher wrote. And: “My body hasn't aged as well as I have. Blow us.” And finally, my favorite: “My body is my brain bag, it hauls me around to those places and in front of faces where there's something to say or see.” This latter statement is a somewhat shocking thing to hear in our cultural moment of hallowed mind-body connectedness. Whatever our ideology, we are a culture that enthuses about workouts and cleanses, seeking purification through physical transformation.
In fact, at this particular moment in time, dismissing beauty as unimportant and tedious, as Fisher has done, is positively radical. Today, selfies are celebrated, excellent lipstick is deemed feminist as hell, and putting in effort to look good is in no way seen as incompatible with empowerment. Nor should it be; feminism's current relationship with beauty is focused on exposing the time and labor behind constructed appearances, and smashing the standards that reinforce white, thin female bodies (which Fisher was famous for having) by showing other bodies and faces as equally beautiful.
Praising Michelle Obama's arms, spotlighting the new group of transgender models, and celebrating plus-size Instagram stars and athletes' tough builds are all ways to push back against dominant and painful beauty standards. It's vital and important work. And by doing this work, contemporary feminists are also shaking up stereotypes that haunt feminism: bra-burning, dowdy women who “don't take care of themselves” on one end and shallow, manipulative shopaholics on the other. Contemporary feminist thinkers from beauty bloggers to Amy Schumer have successfully pointed out that most women are constantly buffing and primping just to look acceptably “bare” to male eyes. “Look at Beyoncé!” we cry. The most beautiful woman in the world is strong and wise, too, and her line “I woke up like this” cleverly pokes fun at the idea that cover-girl-worthy beauty is naturally occurring.
But again, what Fisher is actually saying goes even further beyond that level of critique and explanation: she thinks “taking care of yourself” is overrated, boring, and secondary to the life of the mind and spirit. She has gone on the record complaining about how dull it is to talk about dieting and exercise, and actively made fun of the training regimen she was on for the new films. She doesn't buy in to the idea that, as Kyle Smith suggested, she should be grateful for her new body or her fitness regimen, preferring to lay it bare as a mandatory, frustrating aspect of her work. These quips, and that attitude, have earned her derision. But they also reinforce one of the best aspects of Star Wars‘ female characters: Rey and Leia are remembered by female fans for their baggy, nondescript desert outfits as much as male fans salivate over that one stupid slave bikini.
Speaking of the legacy of that lamentable bikini, as a woman who found herself fashioned into a sex symbol for nerds in order to sell a movie, Fisher may have particular cause for her utter rejection of her former body and disdain for the culture that worshipped it. And as a white woman, she has the privilege of remaking herself in her own image, critics be damned. So keeping her unique circumstance in mind, I don't wish to valorize Fisher (I'm sure the outspoken actress has said many stupid and possibly offensive things in her time) — or even take her words as universally applicable and a Lesson For All Women Everywhere.
But I do think hers are words that 2016 needs to hear. Because her set of comments is also a corrective to a disturbing trend that Jia Tolentino nailed in her year-end essay on feminism, writing: “There is a growing inseparability between female narcissism and feminist liberation and female identity full stop; there is an idea that women and women's bodies have to be sacred, treated worshipfully or never mentioned, in order to be worthwhile.” In our efforts to course-correct the pernicious white male gaze, are we replacing it with a female gaze that, in its own way, emphasizes external appearance and glossy success over substance and ideas? At the very least, it's a question worth asking.
I wish it were OK for young women who don't care about appearance to acknowledge that our bodies are just our brain bags, and that what matters are the things that, as Fisher puts it, we “say and see.” Sure, some of us might want more adorned bags, or sleeker ones (no one's coming for your lipstick or spinning class), or utterly pragmatic ones that simply take us from place to place. But at least none of us would accept it as a given that Oprah, the most powerful woman in the entertainment industry and culture at large, would mournfully endorse Weight Watchers with this upsetting statement: “Inside every overweight woman is a woman she knows she can be.”
As a fellow writer and friend noted in a recent Facebook thread, we should feel free to start with a premise that's closer to Fisher's than Oprah's: that the person we want to be is already there, and our packaging is arbitrary window dressing for the inner character that matters. Carrie Fisher can't be the only person who feels that way, so in this year of ascendant feminism, why is she so alone in expressing it?
Souths teammates Chris McQueen and Dave Tyrrell – who are in Papua New Guinea preparing for the Prime Minister's XIII game against PNG on Saturday evening – said they were shocked by the news Walker and Gray were being treated for a suspected overdose. Supporting their teammates: South Sydney's Chris McQueen and Greg Inglis. Credit:Getty Images McQueen, Tyrrell and the rest of the Rabbitohs squad have made it clear to the players they have their full support. "When you see one of your teammates and one of your brothers in need, everyone wants to do whatever they can to support and help them," McQueen said. "All the boys obviously wanted to go and see them and the boys were sending messages of support." Tyrrell described the news as "pretty unexpected" and his focus is purely on their wellbeing. Souths players, including Tyrrell and McQueen, have texted Walker and Gray in hospital with their best wishes. Tyrrell said the duo were distressed by what they decided to do that night – the best indication yet the pair knowingly took the drugs for reasons other than what was prescribed to them. "They're definitely upset about what they've done," Tyrrell said. "It's a hard lesson to learn and they're going to learn from it and be better people from it as a result."
Captain Greg Inglis has been updating his teammates on their condition through WhatsApp over the past few days. It has also been an opportunity for players to support each other and make sure they are coping emotionally. Concern: David Tyrrell. Credit:Paul Kane "We've got a chat group that we're all in and Greggy [Inglis] has been talking to the coaching staff and he's been getting updates and passing that on to all the boys," McQueen said. "It's an easy way to get informed. I've sent them [Walker and Gray] a few texts and they've been able to text but they're still recovering. In time, we'll get to see the boys and catch up with them and see how they are." Asked whether they knew if the players were drinking alcohol or energy drinks with the drugs on that fateful night, McQueen said: "I can't imagine that." The incident has sparked debate about whether rugby league has a prescription drug problem – a conclusion McQueen and Tyrrell refuted, despite claims from Roosters coach Trent Robinson that it is a "big issue in the game".
"There's still a stigma among rugby league players that they love to get on the drink and take drugs and that sort of thing, but it's not like that," McQueen said. "It hasn't been like that for a long time. It is professional now. The players look after their bodies. "I don't know if that's a label that we'll ever shake as rugby league players, but I certainly think it's unfair. This is not a reason to stop taking painkillers; they have their place as do all the other sorts of medication. It's just about being smart and being aware of what you're doing. "I don't think it's a problem in rugby league, l think it's probably a problem for society." McQueen suggested greater education "would certainly help" and "go a long way", while Tyrrell agreed the issue was society-wide rather than confined to rugby league circles. "I've never seen anything that says rugby league has a massive problem," Tyrrell said. "It's definitely a society thing I feel, people are open to so many influences out there in the world and it's up to that person really."
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is set to discuss lifting the ban on gay men donating blood, more than 30 years after it was first put in place.
The FDA currently does not allow men who have sex with other men to be blood donors because they are "at increased risk for HIV, hepatitis B and certain other infections that can be transmitted by transfusion".
However, the ban has been widely criticised by LGBT advocates, politicians, the American Medical Association, Blood Centres and the Red Cross. It is described as unscientific, archaic and discriminatory.
The FDA's advisory board has suggested the ban be lifted, but officials are under no obligation to follow its guidance.
The ban was enacted in 1983 during the Aids epidemic in the US. It was updated in 1992, but critics say it ignores the scientific evidence that says blood donations from gay men pose no risk to the public so long as they are properly screened.
Ryan James Yezak, an LGBT activist who founded the National Gay Blood Drive, will speak at the meeting on 2 December.
He told The Hill: "We've got the ball rolling. I feel like this is a tide-turning vote. There's been a lot of feet dragging and I think they're realising it now."
England and Wales had a similar ban in place stopping gay men donating blood, but this was lifted in 2011. However, gay men are not allowed to donate blood until a year after they last had oral or anal sex with another man – if the FDA goes ahead with lifting the ban, similar restrictions are expected to be put in place.
Speaking of the forthcoming discussion, Glenn Cohen, a medical ethics professor at Harvard Law School, said: "It's a little crazy that you can shed blood for your country, but you can't donate blood to another human being."
The FDA says at present there is no other way of identifying people who are at risk of sexually transmitted diseases like HIV: "Having had a low number of partners is known to decrease the risk of HIV infection. However, to date, no donor eligibility questions have been shown to reliably identify a subset of MSM (eg, based on monogamy or safe sexual practices) who do not still have a substantially increased rate of HIV infection compared to the general population or currently accepted blood donors.
"In the future, improved questionnaires may be helpful to better select safe donors, but this cannot be assumed without evidence."
FDA spokeswoman Jennifer Rodriguez did not say if they plan to lift the ban: "Following deliberations taking into consideration the available evidence, the FDA will issue revised guidance, if appropriate."
The Boba Fett movie may have cast Temuera Morrison as the fabled bounty hunter for the Star Wars spinoff.
In a related report by The Inquisitr, one of the rumor out there is that the writer for the Walking Dead video game series will also being writing the Boba Fett movie script. We also know that the Star Wars spinoff will be filmed at London's Pinewood Studios in 2015 and that Disney is having a hard time transforming the feared bounty hunter into a good guy.
The Boba Fett movie release date was accidentally confirmed for 2016 when toy manufacturer Hasbro leaked out a list of the entire Star Wars release years:
2014: Rebels
2015: Episode VII
2016: Boba Fett
2017: Episode VIII
2018: Solo
2019: Episode IX
2020: Red Five
At this point all Disney is willing to confirm is that there will indeed be up to three-Star Wars spinoff movies but no titles have been announced officially. That being the case, IMDB lists the 2016 spinoff as “Untitled Star Wars Project” and very little information is available at this point. For example, Gary Whitta is mentioned as screenplay writer as mentioned above (although some believe that Lawrence Kasdan will still be involved somehow) in addition to producer Kathleen Kennedy.
But really catches our attention is that Temuera Morrison is specifically listed as Boba Fett. Morrison portrayed Jango Fett and the clone troopers in Attack of the Clones. He also voiced Bobba Fett in the 2004 special edition of Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back. The other two cast members listed are Mason Brett and Mike Kasem, son of recently deceased Casey Kasem. Maybe one of them could be a droid buddy?
If Morrison is indeed going to be Boba Fett then that likely means we'll be treated to a story that follows an older bounty hunter who manages to survive the sarlacc pit similar to the Star Wars Expanded Universe story lines. But considering that Fett spends pretty much all his screen time wearing a helmet it's possible that a younger Boba Fett could be done similar to how James Earl Jones voiced Darth Vader while another man provided the body. So even if IMDB is correct about Morrison being Fett we still cannot derive a possible plot timeline from that information.
We also may know that the director for the Boba Fett movie is the same guy who did Godzilla. In fact, Gareth Edwards recently spoke about being involved with the Stars Wars spinoff:
“I am very, very lucky, living in a dream job at the moment. I'm not allowed to talk about it, it's all very secretive, but it's a dream come true. Star Wars is the reason I got into filmmaking, so to be given this opportunity is like a dream. Now the pressure is on.”
That's right, don't mess with Boba. The good news is that Edwards knows the story needs to be the focus, not the graphics effects:
“People could be innovative with computer graphics in the early '90s, but I think where we are right now is, we've reached that plateau where you can kind of do anything, and we have kind of done everything. So now, I hope, we are going to see people embracing strong stories, strong characters, as well as the spectacle. The honeymoon is over and it's much more about storytelling, and I think we'll create better films, hopefully.”
What do you think about the Boba Fett movie casting Temuera Morrison? Do you want to see a story about an older or younger bounty hunter?
Similar concerns were also raised about AT&T's Sponsored Data and Data Perks programs, as well as Comcast's Stream TV service and Verizon's FreeBee Data 360 program. Net neutrality advocates have long contended that such programs harm competition by unfairly marginalizing some services, and the nightmare scenario has been a competitive landscape where giant service providers pick winners and losers on a carved-up internet.
Four brief, identical letters sent to T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon, and Comcast today, however, say the long-running inquiries have been dropped. "Through this letter, I am notifying your company that the Bureau has closed this inquiry," they read. "Any conclusions, preliminary or otherwise, expressed during the course of the inquiry will have no legal or other meaning or effect going forward."
The FCC's new Chairman, Ajit Pai, confirmed in a statement that the dropped inquiries are indeed part of a new direction for the agency, which will not make similar inquiries in the future.
"Today, the Wireless Telecommunications Bureau is closing its investigation into wireless carriers' free-data offerings," FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a statement.
"These free-data plans have proven to be popular among consumers, particularly low-income Americans, and have enhanced competition in the wireless marketplace. Going forward, the Federal Communications Commission will not focus on denying Americans free data. Instead, we will concentrate on expanding broadband deployment and encouraging innovative service offerings."
ETA -Better, updated version of this thread available here with working images since some links have broken in this thread.
https://voat.co/v/pizzagate/1725352
https://steemit.com/pizzagate/@whitedeer9217/ashok-and-amrita-mahbubani-podesta-the-ekta-foundation-in-haiti-with-cgi
................
Ashok and Amrita Mahbubani are included in some of the worst, seediest "pizza" and "cooking" Podesta emails. I think more scrutiny is warranted in this area than has been given to it. I apologize for throwing so many links here, but the rabbithole goes into some insane seeming places.
Mahbubanis in a pizza/cooking Podesta email: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/59243
"Tony, should the plan be Indian cuisine? If yes, I will send you a list of dishes we can decide on, some of which we can make in the pizza oven.. The shopping list will follow. Trust you received the Army Cook book I sent to you, by now. Warm regards Amrita"
Ashok Mahbubani is the President and CEO of Multitronics VMI, LLC from AL, while the Mahbubani-founded EKTA foundation appears to mostly operate in Haiti. http://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?personId=79748669&privcapId=47245715 http://www.ektafoundationusa.org/main/
It struck me that Multitronics is located directly between Redstone Arsenal in Al (which has an airfield) and Hunstville International Airport. The location in Alabama is a comfortable flight distance from Haiti. I found this to be a glaring red flag re: trafficking, in light of what we know about obscure rural airports and smuggling when related to the Clintons. Especially if the Mahbubanis are also running a charity in Haiti.
Location 325-F Electronics Blvd. Huntsville, AL, 35824-2221
https://i.imgtc.com/cLiliFJ.png https://i.imgtc.com/s8d0ZzHtIB.png https://i.imgtc.com/7rso9k04w8.png Not a bad flight.
The EKTA Foundation page describes the Mahbubanis as: "Clinton Foundation Ambassadors:" " .. .the Mahbubanis chose the Clinton Global Initiative as their portal into the world of strategically targeted philanthropy. Initial commitments implemented through CGI have flowered into a broader relationship for Amrita & Ashok as Ambassadors for the Clinton Foundation.""
Interestingly, a search of the Clinton Foundation website for Ashok Mahbubani returns no results. The EKTA foundation does register.
The EKTA page describes how "the Mahbubanis developed a bond with Haiti, through a family owned manufacturing business that employed 300 people there in the '80s"
I'd be very interested to know what exactly that business was called. Or any other information about it.
Multitronics Website http://www.mtronics.com/index.php/about-us/background
EKTA foundation shows up in the Clinton Foundation website: "Empowering Haitians Through Connected Cities 0Commitment by EKTA Foundation, Microsoft, Inveneo, HP Inc." https://www.clintonfoundation.org/clinton-global-initiative/commitments/empowering-haitians-through-connected-cities
EKTA partners in Haiti with Inveneo http://www.inveneo.org/ Inveneo links to the "ICT4D Community" "http://www.inveneo.org/connect/ict4d-community/
Inveneo partners with Technology Salon http://technologysalon.org/ http://archive.is/Q3DEy
Technology Salon advertises "... intimate, informal, and in person, discussion between information and communication technology experts and international development professionals" .... "Participation is in-person only – no open conference lines to distract or deter sharing – with quality pre-and post-event networking to deepen professional connections."
From 2009 to 20011, the Technology Salon was sponsored by the UN Foundation's Technology Partnership with the Vodafone Foundation. In 2012, the Technology Salon was sponsored by Inveneo in collaboration with a consortium of partners. http://technologysalon.org/about/#key_attributes https://archive.is/o/Q3DEy/technologysalon.org/about/%23key_attributes https://archive.is/nfFcq
Sounds legit.
Inveneo is also connected to Fail Fare DC - http://failfairedc.com/ http://archive.is/p0ENa
Researching EKTA's webpage, I also ran across: Broadband progress report. http://www.ektafoundationusa.org/main/images/partners/inveneo%20-%20haiti%20rural%20broadband%20program_q1%202011%20progress%20report.pdf
"Connected Schools Inveneo is partnering with Microsoft and HP to deliver 40 ICT labs in rural schools (?!?!) across the regions where the broadband network will be deployed" The first school, New Mission in Léogâne (see Fig. 4), will be the site of the model lab installation in March.
This program is supported by an innovative collective of organizations whose focus is ICT entrepreneurial capacity building, rural economic development, and education through ICTs, including Aruba Networks, Clinton Bush Haiti Fund, Craigslist Charitable Fund, *The EKTA Foundation, Google, HP, Microsoft, NetHope, the Orr Foundation, the USAID Global Broadband and Innovations Alliance and ZeroDivide. http://www.ektafoundationusa.org/main/images/partners/haiti-rural-broadband-initiative.pdf
Clinton Bush Haiti Initiative http://archive.is/n275U https://www.forbes.com/sites/willyfoote/2012/12/14/clinton-bush-fund-leaves-haiti/#5e2225792d39
After shutting down, The Clinton Bush Haiti Fund was replaced by the Multilateral Investment Fund...
Huff Post: "The Clinton Bush Haiti Fund is Lying to You" http://www.huffingtonpost.com/crossover-dreams/the-clinton-bush-haiti-fu_b_778503.html http://archive.is/mW2se
https://archive.is/EqBsd "...a member of the Inter-American Development Bank Group, took over management of programs which had not yet been fully completed and began receiving funds from remaining loans. They are charged with reinvesting loan repayments into programs consistent with the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund's mission of promoting economic opportunity in Haiti.[8]
http://www5.iadb.org/mif/ < Site seems to no longer exist, archive page works. https://archive.is/iJWIS
Multilateral Investment Fund part of the Inter- America Development Bank: "Microfinance institutions doing business with the IDB Group http://archive.is/m7boN https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multilateral_Investment_Fund
"MicroFinance in Latin America and the Caribbean" The IDB has been a pioneer in promoting microfinance throughout the region. Over the past two decades its Multilateral Investment Fund (MIF) has underwritten the expansion of leading microfinance networks and fostered many of the innovations that enabled the development of this dynamic industry." http://www.iadb.org/en/topics/microfinance/microfinance-in-latin-america-and-the-caribbean,1655.html http://archive.is/7aw92
Please browse the pastebin and links for more details. This also links to some medical establishments specifically in the Carribean. (possible organ trafficking?) - The rabbithole here goes into all sorts of insane places. I've never seen any real focus on this. Much more information in the pastebin. http://pastebin.com/uPQmhGpD
Image caption Nine ambulances were sent to the scene
Twenty three people were injured, two of them seriously, when a car was deliberately driven through a crowd outside a Greater Manchester bar.
People were standing outside Dali Bar in Rochdale when a Saab mounted the pavement and was driven at door staff.
The car went along the pavement for up to 200 yards before being driven away.
Two men in the car had earlier been refused entry to the bar, said Greater Manchester Police. The Saab was later found abandoned.
Ch Supt Jon Rush, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "We know there was some kind of altercation in Dali Bar whereby two men were asked to leave due to their behaviour.
It was like something out of a film... people all over lying on the floor in a right mess Victim, 17
"As a result of that these two men we believe got into a vehicle parked nearby and literally drove the vehicle at the door staff.
"There were dozens of people here coming out of the bar in various locations and literally these people were knocked down like skittles unfortunately. A really, really deliberate act. There's no doubt about that."
The stolen Saab car, believed to have been involved in the attack, was found on Albert Royds Street at about 0420 BST.
The collision happened on Packer Street, a main street near the town hall, at about 0210 BST.
One of the victims, a 17-year-old boy who did not want to be named, said the vehicle ran over his leg. He also suffered minor face, head and knee injuries.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ch Supt John Rush says people were "knocked down like skittles"
"It looked like a fight, then I looked by the side of me and there were loads of people on top of the car and by the time anything happened he had already hit me," he told the BBC.
"It was like something out of a film. I looked behind and there were people all over lying on the floor in a right mess.
"It was madness. Everyone was running all over [and] didn't know what to do."
RAF serviceman Jonny Brown, 20, from Rochdale, was leaving the bar when the incident happened.
'Chaotic scene'
"I was about to step outside the pub when a bouncer pushed me back and pretty much saved me from getting hit.
"That's when I saw all the people just lying on the floor, it all happened so fast.
"I've just got back from Afghanistan, so I've seen worse, but it was still pretty bad."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption One witness described it as like a scene from a film
The North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) sent nine vehicles to the scene and a number of casualties were taken by ambulance to three local hospitals.
A spokesman for the Pennine Acute Trust (PAT) said they were treated in Fairfield General Hospital in Bury, Royal Oldham and North Manchester Hospital.
Eleven other people made their own way to Rochdale Infirmary and were treated at the accident and emergency department, he added.
Mike Hynes, a NWAS section manager, said: "Initially when the first response arrived it was quite a chaotic scene as you can imagine.
"There were people milling about, people lying about seriously injured. He reported that back to the control unit where the various support vehicles followed up to support, including senior clinicians and senior operations manager to manage that chaotic scene."
Earlier reports suggested 25 people had been injured, but that was later clarified by the ambulance service, which said the figure was 23.
Her naked body was found washed on the banks of a river a week later
Tiahleigh was last seen in Logan south of Brisbane in October last year
He has also been arrested for attempting to pervert the course of justice
A 19-year-old man has been arrested for incest and two charges of perjury
Tiahleigh Palmer's foster father, 56, is to be charged with alleged murder
Tiahleigh Palmer's foster father has been charged with murder and his 19-year-old son has been charged with incest.
Rick Thorburn, 56, collapsed shortly after he was charged with the 12-year-old school girl's murder and interfering with a corpse at the Beenleigh Watch House, south of Brisbane, just before 4pm on Tuesday.
Police said his 19-year-old son, Tialeigh's foster brother, was also charged with incest, attempting to pervert the course of justice and two counts of perjury.
This comes 11 months after Tiahleigh's naked and decomposing body was found dumped on a river bank, sparking outcry from the tight-knit community in Logan.
Tiahleigh's foster mother, 54-year-old Julene Thorburn, and her other foster brother, aged 20, were also arrested and are continuing to assist police with their inquiries.
Scroll down for video
Four people have been taken into police custody over the murder of Tiahleigh Palmer, 12
A 56-year-old man is pictured being taken into police custody on Tuesday morning
Tiahleigh Palmer's foster father has been charged with her alleged murder as three others remain in custody for questioning
The foster father is pictured being taken away in a police van to the Police Watchhouse in Brisbane to be charged with murder
The 56-year-old foster carer was taken to the Princess Alexandra Hospital in a stable condition after losing consciousness while in custody, while the rest of the family remain at the Beenleigh Watch House.
Both men are due to appear in Beenleigh Magistrates Court on Wednesday.
They were denied bail and remanded in custody.
Detective Inspector Damien Hansen said Mr Thorburn had not told police anything, while his wife, who has not been charged, is cooperating at this stage.
Police confirmed the blue Ford XR6 seized by police for forensic examination last week belonged to the 56-year-old foster father.
The 2009 model car had been sold and police confirmed its current owner was not connected.
The foster parents were taken into custody wearing handcuffs on Tuesday.
A woman is taken into police custody wearing handcuffs on Tuesday
An unidentified man is taken into custody on Tuesday as four people speak with police
All four people are known to one another and Tiahleigh, Det Insp Hansen confirmed, adding that they were all located at various addresses in Logan on Tuesday morning.
Det Insp Hansen said it was a tragic event and said he was pleased with the way the investigation had developed.
The Det Insp later told a press conference, about 4pm Tuesday, police had received more than 3,500 separate lines of enquiry during the investigation.
He said the investigation had taken 11-months to ensure they had sufficient evidence to go before a court.
'Some jobs aren't easy. It was a real whodunit type investigation.
'As far as we're looking at Tia's death, at this stage, is by no means is this over. There's a lot of work to go over yet.'
Detective Inspector Damien Hansen said the foster father had not told police anything
Tiahleigh's foster father, 56, is escorted by police from the Logan Central Police Station to the Police Watchhouse in Brisbane
The man is arrested to be charged with Tiahleigh's alleged murder
Det Insp Hansen thanked the Logan community for being 'fantastic' and 'strong'.
He said the murder investigation had 'galvanised the community'.
South Eastern Regional Crime Coordinator Superintendent Kerry Johnson said detectives had been working for 11-months towards this outcome.
'A team of dedicated detectives and police officers from the Homicide Group and the Logan District have been working long and endless hours to locate those responsible for her death,' Detective Superintendent Johnson said.
'Make no mistake, this is an investigation that is close to the hearts of all officers whose sole aim was to bring her alleged killer to justice.
'The QPS values its relationship with the media and recognises that a strong two-way partnership is vital in order to appeal for public's help in solving crime.
A woman is pictured being taken into police custody on Tuesday morning
'We want to thank them and the public for their assistance in this matter.
'I also want to particularly thank the Crime and Corruption Commission for their continuing support and assistance.'
Tiahleigh, 12, was last seen being dropped off by her foster carer in the morning at Marsden State High School, south of Brisbane on October 30 last year.
The schoolgirl's naked decomposing body was found on November 5, along the banks of the Pimpana River, 40 minutes away from her school.
Tiahleigh's death resulted in a review earlier this year leading to a change in reforms for children who go missing from out-of-home care, reported Nine News.
Last week, a blue Ford XR6 sedan was taken by Queensland Police for forensic examination
Search crews are pictured scouring bushland during the investigation last year
Tiahleigh's body was found on the bank of Pimpana River, 40 minutes away from her school where she was last seen a week prior
Under the existing protocols police took almost a week before they released a missing person alert.
But all 29 recommendations admitted in a Queensland Family and Child Commission report were implemented.
'The report highlights that more can be done to improve whole-of-government systems and ensure more timely and co-ordinated responses for children missing from out-of-home care,' Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said in July.
The Facebook page that was set up to find Tiahleigh when she was still considered a missing person is still operational.
Tiahleigh, 12, was last seen being dropped off by her foster carer in the morning at Marsden State High School, south of Brisbane on October 30 last year
TIMELINE OF TIAHLEIGH PALMER'S MURDER October 30, 2015: Tiahleigh was last seen about 8.10am when her foster father dropped her off near Marsden State High School. November 5: Police appealed to the public for information on her disappearance and released an image of the 12-year-old. November 6: Fisherman found her body on the banks of Pimpama River. She was no longer wearing her school uniform. November 14: About 600 people attended her funeral. February 15, 2016: A $250,000 reward for information which would lead to an arrest was offered by police. March 23: Police forensically examined an empty house in Logan. July 11: Queensland schools became required to inform parents and carers if a child was absent. September 13: A blue Ford XR6 was seized by police and forensically examined. September 19: Tiahleigh's mother said the car belonged to her foster carers. September 20: Four people were taken into custody and her foster father was charged with her alleged murder.
The schoolgirl's naked decomposing body was found on November 5, along the banks of the Pimpana River, 40 minutes away from her school
For years, influential thought about Palestine has almost exclusively considered variations on the theme of a two-state solution. US Secretary of State John Kerry stampeded the Palestinian Authority and Israel into negotiations that "failed" before they even started a year ago. At least Kerry was prudent enough to warn both sides that this was their do-or-die moment for resolving the conflict on the basis of two states for two peoples.
The Israeli government having become virtually inseparable from the settler movement has long appreciated that the function of endorsing a Palestinian state was little more than a way of appeasing world public opinion, given its belief that a political solution was possible and necessary, and could only happen if the Palestinian got their state. The Palestinian Authority seems to sing the same lyrics, although with a certain solemnity. The Palestinians in recent years have lost even the ability to say "no", despite having nothing to gain, and quite a bit to lose.
With what seems like the end of this peace process, silence in high places about how the conflict might end has for the present replaced earlier false hopes invested in diplomatic negotiations. In retrospect, it is easy to conclude that political preconditions for conflict-resolving negotiations never existed on the Israeli side. This is mainly because the expansionist vision of the right-wing settlers had become official state policy in Tel Aviv, and there was no longer pressure mounted by Palestinian armed struggle.
On the Palestinian side, there was an eagerness to end the occupation and become a fully sovereign state, but confusion as to what this meant as a practical matter, and whether a deal like this could be sold to the Palestinian people if it left the several million Palestinians living in foreign refugee camps out in the cold.
Israel's security logic
The security logic of the Israeli right is that Israel will only be able to maintain its security over time if it continues to control all or most of the West Bank.
This reflects the view that real threat to Israel no longer comes from Palestinian armed resistance. It comes from the surrounding Arab world that is moving toward more advanced weaponry, and at some point is almost sure to again turn its guns and missiles in an Israeli direction.
Peace through diplomacy and negotiations has long seemed bankrupt, but after the recent collapse of the talks, it seems totally discredited. This raises the question "What now?"
In situations of this sort, where differences seem irreconcilable, the common call is "to think outside the box". The old box was the consensus associated with the two-state mantra. Now there is no box at all, and future alternatives need to be imagined and appraised. Five seem worth pondering, and each has some plausibility.
Israeli one-state: This involves extending Israel's border to incorporate most of the West Bank, keeping the settlements except a few isolated outposts. This vision takes on heightened political relevance considering that Reuven Rivlin, the new Israeli president, is an open advocate of a supposedly humane version of an Israeli one-state outcome. This benevolent version, spelled out in some detail by an influential settler advocate, Dani Dayan, calls for a radical easing of Palestinian life in relation to day-to-day humiliations (numerous checkpoints, restrictions on mobility, etc) and even anticipates the dismantling of the separation wall. It promises to raise the Palestinian standard of living significantly, and admits that this type of "economic peace" will never satisfy Palestinian political/legal grievances relating to territory, independence and the right of return. It is essentially offering a Faustian bargain in which Palestinians give up their struggle for self-determination in exchange for the tangible psychological and economic advantages of living in material comfort and some dignity within an Israeli structure of governance.
Binational one-state: The more idealistic version of the one-state solution presupposes a secular state that encompasses the whole of historic Palestine, establishes a unified government with democracy and human rights for all and creates semi-autonomous regions where Jews and Palestinians can exercise self-administration and separate national and ethnic identity. There are several obstacles: given the realities on the ground and the attachment of an overwhelming majority of Israelis to the Zionist Project of a Jewish State with an unlimited right of return for Jews, the proposal seems utopian, lacking political traction. Furthermore, the disparities in wealth and education would likely lead to Israeli dominance in any process that purported to unify the country on a non-Zionist basis.
Israeli withdrawal from occupation: In this proposal, there would be no explicit shift in the structures of governance. In a manner similar to the 2005 Sharon Disengagement Plan for Gaza, this new initiative would apply to those portions of Palestine that Israel seeks to incorporate within its final international borders. This arrangement would leave the Palestinian Authority in charge of the remnant of the West Bank, as well as Gaza. It would maintain the occupation regime and the separation wall, imposing rigid border controls and continue repression, effectively depriving Palestinians of the enjoyment of their most basic human rights. The main obstacle is that Palestinians would have no incentive to accept such an outcome, it would be denounced in most international settings, including the United Nations, and it would isolate Israel as a pariah state.
Palestinian self-determination: There is some new thinking in the Palestinian camp, most articulately formulated by Ali Abunimah in his important book, The Battle for Justice in Palestine. The emphasis is on civil society activism and nonviolent Palestinian resistance as building global support for a solution that is responsive to the Palestinian right of self-determination. What form self-determination eventually assumes is a matter, above all, for Palestinians to decide for themselves. The realidation of self-determination presupposes leadership that is accepted by authentic representatives of the whole of the Palestinian people. The contours of the territorial division or unity that emerges would be the outcome of negotiations, but its embodiment would address the legitimate grievance of the Palestinian people and an acknowledgement by Israel of past injustices. The obstacle here is one of hard power disparities, and the Jewish worldwide engagement with the Zionist Project. The way around such an obstacle is to gain worldwide support that mounts such pressure on Israel, the US, and Europe as to induce a recalculation of interests based on a new realism associated with growing Palestinian soft power capabilities.
Peaceful co-existence: In recent years, Hamas, strangely seems to be the last holdout for a version of the two-state solution, although in its maximalist form. Israel would have to withdraw to the 1967 borders, end its blockade of Gaza, and give Palestine control over East Jerusalem. The main obstacle here is that Israel would have to give up its expansionist goals and dismantle the settlements, although it could retain the Zionist Project in its more limited form. The secondary obstacle is that the Hamas Charter calls for the total removal of the entire Jewish presence from historic Palestine, making the proposal seem tactical, and meant to be an interim arrangement and not a sustainable peace. It is impossible to imagine Israel accepting such a blurry outcome that rolled back the weighty facts on the ground. Besides, whatever its content the very fact that Hamas was the source of the proposal would by this alone produce an Israel rejection.
In conclusion, it seems obvious that none of these five approaches seems either attractive enough to challenge the status quo or politically persuasive enough to shift the balance of forces bearing on the conflict. Yet, signs exist that the Israelis are moving toward a unilaterally imposed option and the Palestinians are more and more inclined to combine non-violent resistance with support for militant global solidarity.
On the one side, the Israeli settler movement is on the front line, and on the other, the Palestinian BDS campaign. In both instances, at this time governments have been temporarily marginalised as political actors in relation to the struggle. This is itself a momentous development.
Richard Falk is Albert G Milbank Professor Emeritus of International Law at Princeton University and Research Fellow, Orfalea Center of Global Studies.He is also the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Palestinian human rights.
The covert U.S. effort to strike terrorist leaders using drones has moved further out of the shadows this year — targeted killing has been mentioned by President Obama and defended in speeches by Attorney General Eric Holder and Obama counterterrorism adviser John Brennan. The White House recently declassified the fact that it is conducting military operations in Yemen and Somalia.
But for all the talk, the administration says it hasn't officially confirmed particular strikes or the CIA's involvement.
Over the past year, the American Civil Liberties Union and reporters at The New York Times have filed several requests under the Freedom of Information Act seeking information about the CIA's drone program and the legal justification for attacks that killed terrorists and U.S. citizens. The government answered with a Glomar response — neither verifying nor denying that it has such documents.
So both the Times and the ACLU sued, claiming that there is widespread acknowledgement by government officials of drones and targeted killing, as well as the CIA's involvement.
Last week, the Justice Department submitted a motion in a federal court in New York seeking to dismiss the lawsuits. The government's argument, it turns out, mostly reiterates its Glomar response.
Any public statements by the administration, the motion states, were carefully phrased to avoid discussing specific operations and don't constitute official acknowledgement of targeted killing or the drone program. This includes Obama's statements on the killing of U.S. citizen Anwar Al Awlaki — “the President plainly did not acknowledge whether the United States was responsible for his death” — and Holder and Brennan's speeches this spring, which, according to the motion, address only the “potential targeting” of U.S. citizens, but not specific operations.
However, the motion says the CIA can now acknowledge that it has some documents related to “the use of targeted lethal force” against U.S. citizens — including, namely, the public speeches given by Holder and Brennan this spring:
The motion cites some existing legal analysis related to targeted killing and those public speeches:
But it says the government can't reveal more about the documents — neither their names nor how many there are:
Because whether or not the U.S. was involved in specific targeted killings, or whether the CIA is involved in targeted killing — at all — remains classified:
Similarly, the motion says that to acknowledge any number of records on drones would reveal whether the CIA possesses drones:
Finally, the government's brief adds that a few of the documents sought by the FOIA requests could be identified but are protected under executive privilege — because they involve internal deliberations in the Office of Legal Counsel, or are related to preparations for public statements by administration officials or meetings with the president.
The ACLU's deputy legal director said that the organization is preparing its opposition brief. A federal appeals court will hear arguments in September in another of the ACLU's FOIA lawsuits over the CIA's drone program.
By Cora Currier, ProPublica
Apple announced today that its financial earnings call with investors for Q4 2013 will be held on October 28th at 2PM PT.
AAPL shares have been slowly recovering from a recent slump after hitting a high of over $700 per share in 2012. The recent announcement that iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c sales shattered past iPhone sales records with 9 million units sold should portend good things for Apple's earnings and the share price, but Wall Street is always pretty fickle with AAPL, so we'll have to wait and see if the good news will be enough to get more of Wall Street on board.
Like its previous earnings calls, Apple is allowing the press and its shareholders to listen in to a live audio webcast, which is available via its website and can be accessed on iOS devices. Cult of Mac will be on hand to liveblog the results as they come in, along with any commentary from Tim and the gang.
Celebrated photographer Saul Leiter, best known for his iconic fashion and art photography, has died, his gallery tells BJP
American photographer Saul Leiter died on Tuesday 26 November in New York, according to Roger Szmulewicz at Fifty One Fine Art Photography in Antwerp, Belgium.
Leiter, who was 89, had been ill for the past three to four weeks, Szmulewicz tells BJP. “I spoke to him just before Paris Photo and he was getting worse. It all happened quite fast.”
Leiter was born in Pittsburgh in 1923 and moved to New York at the age of 23 to pursue a career as a painter. He was encouraged to pick up a camera by his friend, abstract expressionist painter, Richard Pousette-Dart.
Photographing for magazines including Esquire, Vogue and Harper's Bazaar, Leiter also frequently worked in and around his home city of New York. Later in his life, and arguably since the publication of his 2006 monograph Saul Leiter: Early Color, Leiter became known for his vibrant colour street photographs.
Leiter was the subject of the documentary In No Great Hurry, directed by Tomas Leach and released by Moxie Pictures. In an interview published in BJP‘s sister title, Fade To Black, Leach, who has recently been in New York promoting the film, talked about his experience of making the documentary. “Over the course of these trips, we became very close. I thought it was important that, seeing as I was invading his life, he should be allowed to ask me anything he liked… It was just a very open, honest and enjoyable experience, regardless of the fact that we were filming.”
In an email sent to BJP this afternoon, a representative from Leiter's New York gallery, Howard Greenberg, confirmed that he had died yesterday (Tuesday 26 November 2013) at 10.50pm. The gallery was unable to provide a comment.
Speaking to BJP on the phone from New York, Leach said he had spent time with Leiter at his home and last saw him yesterday during the day. “I've been out here for screenings of the film ironically enough. Saul's been ill and I've been with him. He was very old and frail. It was all very sudden and I think everyone is still adjusting to [what's happened]. He was just short of 90 so you're always worried about anyone of that age getting sick.”
Leach told how through making the film with Leiter and Margit, the photographer's “right-hand woman” who also co-produced the film, he had become close to people who knew Leiter, including those at Howard Greenberg Gallery, which hosted a screening of the film only yesterday.
The film has been screened in New York, Berlin, and London amongst other places, and has generally been well received, added Leach. “People are really liking the film, which is great. Bringing the film back to New York is almost like coming full circle. It's a very New York film and Saul was a very New York person. I'm meant to be flying back tomorrow but I don't know whether I'll stay for a few days if there is going to be a service.”
Recounting his memories of the photographer Leach talked about how he would remember his sense of humour. “The thing I always loved about Saul is how funny he was and how much humour he found in absolutely everything. Some of my fondest memories are of him teasing me and then giggling. I'm fortunate to have been able to spend time with someone who was not only a great photographer but was an incredibly intelligent, insightful and funny man.”
Starz didn't just want Netflix to pay more money for its content. It wanted Netflix consumers to pay more too.
Netflix offered Starz more than $300 million per year to renew their agreement, but the pay cable channel was insistent on so-called tiered pricing, according to people close to the negotiations but not authorized to speak on the record. Tiered pricing would require Netflix subscribers who want movies and television shows from Starz and other premium providers to pay more than the standard $8 per month.
That demand was apparently a key sticking point in talks that fell apart Thursday, meaning the two companies' deal, which began in 2008, will expire at the end of February.
Starz wanted Netflix to charge a premium price for its content in order to put the popular online video service more in line with cable and satellite providers. Protecting relationships with multiplatform video programming distributors (MVPDs) like DirecTV and Time Warner Cable is critical to Starz. The MVPDs are wary of Netflix because they fear customers will "cut the cord" if enough fresh content is available online at a lower price.
Netflix was apparently unwilling to introduce higher prices for access to certain content on its streaming service. The company's chief content officer Ted Sarandos, who led negotiations, declined to comment beyond an official statement that did not address the issue.
However, the company was willing to pay a very high price for access to the movies from Walt Disney Pictures and Sony Pictures that Starz controls, as well as original series like "Camelot." It offered more than $300 million annually, a person close to the talks said, more than 10 times the rate that it currently pays.
Netflix must determine how to maintain its rip-roaring subscriber growth despite the impending loss of popular first-run movies like "Tangled" and "The Karate Kid." Starz, meanwhile, must find a way to make up for the $300 million-plus that it gave up -- with its traditional television business or a deal with another digital subscription video provider such as Amazon.com.
-- Ben Fritz, Joe Flint and Dawn C. Chmielewski
Related:
Netflix to lose Starz, its most valuable source of new movies
Netflix users see Starz over disappearance of Sony movies
Netflix hikes prices for many consumers with separate pricing for DVDs, streaming
Photo: Movies and television shows available to stream on Netflix's website. Credit: Netflix
Vous devez activer le javascript pour utiliser cet outil de visualisation de carte
The Malcolm X Memorial Foundation is a non-profit organization headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska (3448 Evans Street). It was established to educate through the teachings of Malcolm X's legacy on a local, national and international scale.
Mission:
The Malcolm X Memorial Foundation, in concert with local, national, and international supporters of El Hajj Malik El-Shabazz (Malcolm X), endeavors to perpetuate his uncompromising leadership and contributions towards social justice.
Donations & Contributions
On behalf of the Board of Directors, we would like to thank you for your continued support and commitment! If you choose to donate, follow the button below and input any amount you chose over $5.00. If you would like to contribute in other ways, please contact us!
VISIT US!
Should you plan to visit our grounds, please know that due to our organization being supported by 100% volunteers, we are only open to the public for special events and on Saturdays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
If tours of groups larger than 5 are requested on another day of the week, please give us a call at (800) 645-9287 or email info@malcolmxfoundation.org.
Please be aware that our site includes an indoor facility plus about 12 acres of greenspace.
For a list of upcoming events, visit our Events page or find us on Facebook via @MalcolmXFound.
Please click below to view our YouTube informational video
The Supreme Court are poised to rule in Mayo v Prometheus, a case that concerns whether medical procedures for adjusting the dosage of an out-of-patent drug can be patented. If the Supremes rule in favor of the patentability of adjusting drug doses and other common medical procedures, it will make doctors liable as patent infringers merely for practicing medicine. What's worse, judging from the hearings, the justices are ready and willing to make this loony idea into the new standard for patentability.
The American Medical Association's brief on the matter argues that ”If claims to exclusive rights over the body's natural responses to illness and medical treatment are permitted to stand, the result will be a vast thicket of exclusive rights over the use of critical scientific data that must remain widely available if physicians are to provide sound medical care.”
“Conscientious physicians will be unwilling and unable to avoid considering all relevant scientific information when reviewing test results. Thus, as medical knowledge accumulates, patent licenses increasingly will be required for physicians to conduct even well established diagnostic tests.”
June 17, 2013 2:45 PM | John Polson
Today's a great day to become a Linux user. Northway Games' gorgeous, lively physics puzzler Incredipede is now available on Linux for free.
"I'm making it free because Linux users are such strong supporters of indie games and because I like Linux, and the philosophy behind it so much," Colin Northway wrote in. Linux is an open source operating system that is a viable alternative to Windows and Mac OS X. On the non-sales page, the developer explains how to get started using Linux.
Incredipede is also discounted via the Humble Store widget for Windows and Mac, with 50% of profits going to two open source projects Colin used in making his game: FlashDevelop and Box2d.
Lastly in the world of halves, the Steam version is 50% off, too. It's a full-on assault from Quozzle!
Coming Soon
Trash Truck
Six-year-old Hank and his best buddy -- a honking, snorting trash truck -- go on lots of fun adventures, from learning to fly to visiting the dentist.
The Legend of Cocaine Island
This documentary follows American Rodney Hyden's journey to find a rumored stash of cocaine in the Caribbean with help from a colorful group of misfits.
Yankee
A young man from Texas crosses the border into Mexico and becomes an infamous drug lord.
Jinn
When a girl accidentally releases a jinn in the form of a teenage boy, they learn they've also unleashed an ancient darkness that threatens the world.
Bloodride
A Norwegian anthology series that blends horror with dark Scandinavian humor, setting each distinct story in its own realistic yet weird universe.
Hit and Run
In this political espionage thriller series, a man's life is turned upside down when his wife is killed in a mysterious hit-and-run accident.
Giri / Haji
Helped by a young Japanese-British hustler, a Tokyo sleuth searches London for his brother, who's involved with the Yakuza and wanted for murder.
Always Be My Maybe
Everyone assumed Sasha and Marcus would wind up together except for Sasha and Marcus. Reconnecting after 15 years, the two start to wonder ... maybe?
Despite the frigid temperatures, ornery elephant seals, and months of perpetual darkness, Antarctica is still a place where money matters. That's where Wells Fargo comes in.
The banking conglomerate installed an automatic teller machine (ATM) back in 1998 at McMurdo Station, the largest science hub on the continent. Depending on the season, McMurdo's population ranges from 250 to more than 1000. And like any small community, commerce is crucial. In order to patronize the coffee shops, general stores, bars, or post office, money is exchanged in what amounts to a closed economy. Some places only accept cash; others have a credit card minimum that's hard to meet when you need just a couple of items.
But what happens if there's a malfunction at a time when flights in and out are scarce due to weather conditions?
According to Wells Fargo spokesperson Kristopher Dahl, the company trains McMurdo staff to make simple repairs; more importantly, there's a second ATM that can be cannibalized for parts. “Every two years, both machines are serviced and brought up to speed on the latest technology,” he says. The vendors chosen for that job undergo a psychological exam and a physical to make sure they're equipped to deal with the Antarctic climate in case they get held over.
While McMurdo is near New Zealand territory, the ATM only dispenses American currency. (Staffers can exchange money at Scott Base, which is about two miles away.) There is no such thing as the Antarctic dollar, though the Antarctica Overseas Exchange Office does produce “collectible” bills they'll buy or sell for their face value until the faux-money expires.
Naturally, we wondered what the consequences would be if someone lost their mind and had the financial resources to max out their daily withdrawal limit until they depleted the ATM of its cash reserves, ruining the economy of an entire continent.
“That's interesting,” Dahl says. “For security reasons, we can't share how much cash is in the machine or other related information.” Anyone planning any type of foul play should take note: Dahl says that there's a camera in the unit.
[via Today I Learned]
FOR fans of bitcoin, a digital currency, the year got off to a volatile start. On January 5th one bitcoin changed hands for nearly $1,150—almost as much as the record set three years ago. It has since dropped by 33%. Elsewhere in the land of monetary bits, things move more slowly but trouble is brewing: a potential patent war looms over the blockchain, a distributed ledger that authenticates and records every bitcoin transaction.
Heated fights over intellectual property are nothing new in promising technology markets. But given that the blockchain is expected to shake up everything from the way precious diamonds are safeguarded to the way shares are traded, the legal fights could be especially fierce.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
On the face of it, the blockchain does not lend itself easily to staking out intellectual-property claims. Bitcoin's creator, known only by his pseudonym, Satoshi Nakamoto, published a paper about his invention, coded the first implementation and then disappeared—meaning that the core of the technology is now part of the public domain and only important additions and variations could be patented. And the blockchain's components are widely known. In America court decisions as well as a new law on the granting of patents make it difficult to claim ownership for such financial innovations.
This hasn't stopped firms from trying to get patent protection on meaningful improvements to the blockchain, including security and encryption techniques, says Colette Reiner Mayer of Morrison & Foerster, a law firm. Applications are now becoming public, because America's patent office must release them 18 months after they are filed. A search of Espacenet, a global database, yields 36 hits; hundreds more are said to be in the pipeline.
Financial firms are among the most assiduous filers: MasterCard, for instance, is seeking four payment-related patents; Goldman Sachs has put in for one outlining a distributed ledger that can process foreign-exchange transactions. Startups, including Coinbase, Chain and 21 Inc, have been busy, too. And then there is Craig Wright, an Australian who claims to be Mr Nakamoto but has failed to provide conclusive proof. He has filed, via an Antigua-registered entity called EITC Holdings, for 73 patents in Britain.
Only a very few patents have been issued so far. And known applicants all say that they intend to use patents only “defensively”, meaning to protect themselves against lawsuits. Still, legal battles look likely: incumbent banks may go after newcomers, and “non-practising entities” (also known as “patent trolls”) may attempt to shake down other firms. It could slow the pace of innovation, warns Brian Behlendorf of Hyperledger, an umbrella group for several blockchain-related projects.
To limit such fights, several startups are opening up their IP. Chain, Digital Asset Holdings and Hyperledger have made their software open-source, so that the underlying recipe is freely available, which also makes it more attractive to users and developers. Some programs even come with a licence that makes it impossible to enforce patents against those who use the organisation's code. Blockstream, another startup, has signed a “patent pledge”, vowing not to sue others—as long as they don't use their own patents offensively.
There are also discussions over forming a patent pool, much like the Open Invention Network, created in 2005 to protect member firms against suits for using Linux, the popular open-source operating system. The OIN acquires patents and then licenses them freely to members, which agree not to assert their own patents.
Whether this strategy of mutual disarmament is sufficient to avoid another patent war will be clear only when and if blockchains have become a multi-billion dollar business. This week DTCC, a provider of clearing and settlement services, announced that it will base the next generation of its trade-information system on a blockchain, and SWIFT, a payments network, said it was exploring the technology. That might prompt more applications.
YouTube video from the November 2, McGill University presentation hosted by Media@McGill.
Whistleblower weighs in on the threats facing Canadian journalism and privacy rights
By Natalie Wong
On November 2, 2016, Media@McGill hosted a public lecture at McGill University via video link with Edward Snowden, the well-known whistleblower who leaked NSA documents that revealed unconstitutional government surveillance activities. Snowden's actions had significant implications for democracy and free speech, and prompted a fundamental change in the public's knowledge and discourse on surveillance and privacy.
In light of this week's revelations that the Service de Police de la Ville de Montréal (SPVM) were spying on La Presse journalist Patrick Lagacé for several months, and that the Sûreté du Québec (SQ), the provincial police force, had put at least six prominent journalists under surveillance, this talk was especially timely for Canadians.
“This is a radical attack on the operations of free press,” Snowden said. “Speaking as one of the directors of the Freedom of the Press Foundation, this unsettles me not only on a personal level […] I think it is actually something that represents a threat to the traditional model of our democracy.”
Snowden's leaks have exposed massive levels of global government surveillance, as well as the lack of judicial oversight holding intelligence agencies accountable—and Canada is right in the thick of it.
Check out CJFE's Snowden Archive, a complete collection of the documents leaked by Snowden and published by news media.
Bill C-51's unprecedented intrusion
According to Snowden, Canada has one of the weakest intelligence oversight apparatuses amongst western countries, which allows the government to engage in mass indiscriminate surveillance.
“We are living lives of unparalleled vulnerability to power,” Snowden said. “Our ability to resist powerful institutions, be they corporate, be they government, has never been less than it is today.”
Bill C-51, the Anti-Terrorism Act, 2015, is a highly controversial piece of legislation that threatens the free speech, privacy, and civil liberties of all Canadians. The political rationale behind Bill C-51 is largely centered on terrorism threats, similar to the basis behind mass surveillance in the United States and the United Kingdom's recently passed Investigatory Powers Bill.
Snowden describes Bill C-51 as “really unrestrained and unprecedented intrusion into the private lives of every citizen not only in their country but everywhere else.”
The whistleblower cites three fundamental problems with the bill:
1. Lack of meaningful oversight. How can citizens ensure that intelligence officers will be held accountable for any unlawful surveillance actions they take? For Snowden, the only way to ensure that intelligence agencies play fairly as they gain access to both targeted and mass surveillance capabilities is the threat of criminal sanction. “Appoint a judicial body, some mechanism […] that has independent prosecutorial authority, that is mandated to perform a case-by-case review of these intelligence agencies,” Snowden stated.
2. Unfettered oversharing. Canadian government departments can make available the information they hold on Canadian citizens to a range of other governmental bodies. This sharing capacity has inadequate limitations, allowing Canada to trade information about every Canadian citizen—ranging from health to cell phone records—with different agencies and departments, even if the individual in question is not linked to any terrorist threats.
3. Criminalization of speech. The bill allows anyone who makes statements that could be interpreted as promoting terrorism to be prosecuted for a criminal offence. First, this violates the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, which explicitly protects freedom of expression. Second, the scope of this offence is incredibly vague. It does not require the speaker to be purposefully inciting terrorism—just that they know there is a possibility someone may commit a terrorist act after being exposed to their statement. This has restrictive impacts on free speech for everyone, from academics, to policymakers, to journalists.
Many Canadians voted for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau because of his promises to reform Bill C-51. But the inaction on the part of the current government to uphold those promises has failed Canadian citizens. Snowden goes even farther to reveal that reform is not enough.
“Most experts who studied [Bill C-51] said that it actually can't be reformed in a meaningful way as written,” Snowden said. “It should be repealed entirely, and then a better measure passed from scratch that loses all the baggage [of Bill C-51].”
One blatant problem of Bill C-51 and increasing state secrecy more generally is that governments have not received the consent of the public to engage in such widespread surveillance practices.
“Governments have not asked for the permission of the public in order to engage in these kinds of operations,” Snowden said. “Instead, they deployed these kinds of capabilities in secret, even when they know these programs were unlawful or unconstitutional.”
The legitimacy of any democratic system is derived from the understanding that when citizens cast a vote, they give consent to the government to craft and implement policies. But consent is only meaningful if those who provide it are informed about what it is they are consenting to.
Visit CJFE's campaign headquarters to learn more about Bill C-51 and get involved today.
Canadian journalism under attack
One of the chilling revelations of Snowden's 2013 leaks was that journalists are under direct attack from government and intelligence agencies even in democracies. For example, the documents revealed that the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), the British equivalent of the NSA, had collected and archived journalists' emails. More disturbingly, officials at GCHQ likened investigative journalists to hackers and terrorists.
“Blatantly targeting journalists as the Montreal police did, or pegging them as enemy of the state as GCHQ did, makes pervasive surveillance so alarming,” said Professor Gabriella Coleman, who holds the Wolfe Chair in Scientific and Technological Literacy at McGill. “Investigative journalism must be granted protection of state and the autonomy they need to accomplish their watchdog role.”
After news broke about the Montreal police spying on Lagacé, more bombshells revealed that the provincial police were tracking six other journalists—including three from public broadcaster Radio-Canada. Although a judge approved the warrants for such tracking, the public is outraged: journalists, legal experts, major media outlets and media unions, as well as free expression organizations have all denounced the police's actions as an abuse of power not welcome in democratic society.
In the wake of the uproar, Prime Minister Trudeau reiterated the need to safeguard press freedom and the protection of sources. Quebec has also launched a commission of inquiry into the police's actions. Retired Quebec Superior Court justice John Gomery, who led the commission into the federal sponsorship scandal, charged that the laws meant to protect journalists' sources are not being followed.
"A public inquiry is a good way to find out what happened, but as far as developing policy for the future, I'm not sure it's the best way to go," he told CBC News.
It is clear the legal authorizations for spying that were intended to be used on terrorists or real domestic threats towards citizens' lives are instead being used to monitor journalists.
“We have rules […] that can get whistleblowers or journalists charged by police,” Snowden said. “But what about when police break the law? What about when spies break the law? Suddenly, they're being held to a very different legal standard and they're entitled to a veil of secrecy that inoculates them against criticism or scrutiny that the rest of us do not enjoy. That is an imbalance of power that is anti-democratic [and] authoritarian.”
For Snowden, we live in a dynamic world where governments are increasingly vested with extraordinary capabilities that allow them to peer into law-abiding citizens' private lives with impunity and very little interference. In contrast, the public knows almost nothing about how governments operate their surveillance activities.
“This inverts the traditional dynamic of private citizens and public officials,” Snowden said. “To this brave new world, we are facing private officials and public citizens.”
Privacy matters even if you have nothing to hide
“Privacy isn't about something to hide, privacy is about something to protect,” Snowden said. “Privacy is the fountainhead of all other rights. It is the basis from which the other rights derive their meaning, their value.”
As Snowden explains, free speech is insignificant if citizens do not have the freedom to choose what they wish to say, and instead only resort to saying what is safe.
“Privacy is the ability to have something for yourself,” Snowden said. “When somebody says, ‘I don't care about privacy because I've got nothing to hide', that's like saying ‘I don't care about free speech because I have nothing to say'. It's not about you. It's about everyone.”
“The ultimate answer to democracy is that we cannot rely on others to do the things we must do ourselves,” Snowden advised. In the Canadian context, we cannot passively wait nor put our full trust in the federal government to fulfill its promises to reform Bill C-51. And in light of this week's scandal in Quebec, we cannot trust the provincial government to uphold freedom of the press. On both accounts, we must act and demand that Canadians' privacy rights are protected by the governments we elected to serve us.
Natalie Wong is a student at McGill University, completing an honour in Political Science and a minor in Communications. She is also a former editor and current contributor to The McGill Tribune.
The Arizona Coyotes could get $225 million in public funding for a new arena it wants in downtown Phoenix or the East Valley. The NHL club says playing in Glendale doesn't work anymore.
The Arizona Coyotes says playing in Glendale doesn't work anymore. (Photo: Cheryl Evans/The Republic) Story Highlights The Coyotes could get $225 million in public funding for a new arena
The team says it will contribute $170 million to the project
The Arizona Coyotes could receive $225 million in public financing for a new arena that would go in downtown Phoenix or the East Valley under legislation approved by a state Senate committee Tuesday.
Sen. Bob Worsley, R-Mesa, sponsored and pushed through the bill for the Coyotes, who want out of Gila River Arena, a 13-year-old facility built mostly by Glendale taxpayers. The Arizona Diamondbacks and Phoenix Suns also are unhappy about playing in older facilities in downtown Phoenix and want new buildings.
Worsley acknowledged the legislation could help the Diamondbacks and Suns, but said it was intended to help the Coyotes.
The bill would allow creation of "community engagement" districts of up to 30 acres. Within them, up to half of the state's share of sales taxes generated from retail sales and hotel stays would be dedicated to paying the bond debt for new sports or entertainment facilities.
It also would allow an additional 2 percent district sales tax to be applied to all purchases within the district, with those revenues also dedicated to defraying the cost of facility construction.
The state sales-tax rate is 5 percent, feeding Arizona's general fund that pays for K-12 education, community colleges, universities, prisons, health insurance for the poor and other services.
The bill further requires the user of the facility and the city in which it is located to pay up to half of construction debt.
ROBERTS: A $225 million subsidy for the Coyotes? Really?
In the case of the Coyotes, the plan envisions public funding covering 57 percent of a new arena's cost, with new sales taxes covering $170 million and the host city contributing $55 million. The Coyotes said the team's portion would be $170 million, amounting to a 43 percent contribution toward the $395 million total cost.
Previously, the Coyotes said they would pay half of the arena cost.
The legislation, Senate Bill 1149, passed 6-1 out of the Transportation and Technology Committee. It likely heads to the Senate Rules Committee before a floor vote.
Other sports teams may be helped
While Tuesday's hearing focused on the Coyotes, the bill could allow other sports teams to use it for more expensive facilities.
The legislation caps state sales taxes used to build a facility at half of a facility's cost, up to a maximum of $750 million. And it allows a city to pick up the entire other half. Therefore, it is possible that a sports franchise could get all or most of a new arena subsidized through taxpayers.
Coyotes officials told the committee that they would locate the new arena in downtown Phoenix or the East Valley, where the majority of hockey fans are located. They said playing in Glendale is not financially viable, and a new 16,000-seat arena with a larger lower bowl would provide the Coyotes with more ticket revenue. The plan also calls for having an adjacent practice facility with a seating capacity up to 4,000 seats.
"It does not work in Glendale," Ahron Cohen,the team's general counsel, told the Senate panel. "In 2013, our ownership group bought the team. The previous ownership chose to go out there."
Team officials said a new engagement district would create additional sales taxes for the state, county and the local government hosting the arena. The team, however, was unable to say how much money would be lost in state and local sales taxes by their moving from Glendale.
The legislation was scheduled to be heard Monday in the Senate Commerce and Public Safety Committee, but it was moved at the last minute to the Transportation Committee that Worsley, the sponsor, chairs. The Mesa Republican used a "strike everything" amendment to attach the plan to a transportation-funding bill.
Along with funding facilities for Phoenix-area professional sports teams, the legislation could underwrite convention or civic centers or other major entertainment facilities throughout the state.
Glendale says city still viable location
The Coyotes, who have the third-worst home attendance record in the 30-team National Hockey League, want to leave Glendale because the city slashed the team's lucrative arena-management deal and halted other subsidies.
The city paid the NHL $50 million in subsidies to cover operating losses from 2010 to 2013, which helped keep the team in Glendale after the team's previous owner filed for bankruptcy protection. The city then awarded an annual $15 million arena-management fee to the Coyotes, but the city terminated the contract in 2015 and later hired another manager to run the arena for roughly one-third the cost.
Glendale officials contend that the Coyotes still have one of the "most favorable" lease agreements in the NHL. The team pays the city $500,000 per year to use the arena for all practices and games. The team keeps all of the revenue for hockey parking, merchandise, concessions and ticket surcharges, and retains 80 percent of the revenue from naming rights.
RELATED: West Valley lawmakers object to potential Coyotes move
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The Coyotes are contractually bound to stay in Glendale through the 2017-18 season. The city has a $13 million annual debt payment on the arena through 2033, bearing most of the construction debt.
Glendale City Manager Kevin Phelps said that by 2033, Glendale will have invested more than $500 million between principal, interest, arena management and infrastructure improvements. He said it would be a "slap in the face" to taxpayers if the state paid for a "shiny, new" arena elsewhere.
Phelps said he has spoken to Worsley about his legislation, and understands the senator's motivation is ensuring the team stays in Arizona. But, "I think where the disconnect comes in is that I think (Glendale is) very much still a viable option and it's a much smarter option for the team and the taxpayers to figure out a solution here," he said.
Phelps said he "doesn't think it's appropriate to use taxpayer dollars to fund for-profit professional teams," but the city would consider investing additional money into the arena — which could generate extra revenue for the team — if it received a commitment from the Coyotes for the team to stay long term.
The Coyotes, who likely will miss the playoffs for the fifth straight season, last year asked lawmakers to create a special tax for a new arena, but that effort didn't succeed.
In November, the team announced it wanted to build a $400 million arena with Arizona State University. ASU, however, killed that plan earlier this month.
Ray Anderson, ASU athletics director, said he initiated discussions with the Coyotes about a partnership.
But the deal fell apart as top university officials believed it would hamper other initiatives the university had at the Legislature.
"We never just pursue one option. We like to think we can take parallel tracks. We have some options that we can't say publicly, but what I want to tell you is if one goes away we're working on another or multiple others because that's what we do," Anderson said. "But the way things evolved, during the course of discussions and negotiations, things shift and shake."
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2lhRNJW
The Swedes and the Swiss generally enjoy a sterling reputation in China. The Middle Kingdom can't get enough of Ikea, H&M and Volvo. And once the new administration's crackdown on luxury goods calms down, wealthy Chinese will be united once again with their beloved Swiss watches.
There's just one problem. Many Chinese people can't tell the difference between Sweden and Switzerland. That's perhaps because the Chinese names for the countries are very similar, sharing the same first character—Sweden is Ruidian (pronounced in Mandarin as “ray dee-yan”), while Switzerland is Ruishi (pronounced in Mandarin as “ray sure”). This has become bad enough that the countries' Shanghai consulates are holding an online competition to differentiate the two. The winner, who will be announced later this month, will get a trip to both countries.
To get things rolling, the contest's promotional webpage clarifies that Sweden is the land of “aurora borealis, ice hotels, sled-pulling reindeer, Pippi Longstocking, gay marriage, red Dala horses, Vikings, meatballs, [Alfred] Nobel and stay-at-home dads.” Sweden's European peer, Switzerland, on the other hand, is renowned for “the International Red Cross, the United Nations, milk cows, cheese fondue, watches, Federer, Rhine waterfall, banks, Alps, chocolate, wine.” Here's the visual from the campaign:
China isn't the only place where people can't keep Swedes and Swiss straight. Americans and Spaniards struggle, too. So why target the Chinese?
It might have something to do with the spending juggernaut that is Chinese tourism, now the world's biggest source of tourism dollars. While fewer travelers from recession-ravaged Europe visited Sweden in 2012, Chinese tourist numbers surged 11% from the previous year, based on the number of overnight stays.
Swedish Agency for Economic and Regional Growth ​
That's critical given that tourism is one of the lone beacons of growth in Sweden's otherwise dim economy. The sector grew 5% in 2012, compared with the previous year, hitting $41 billion. Tourism accounts for about 7.8% of Sweden's 2012 GDP.
Compared with sled-pulling reindeer in Sweden, Switzerland's cheese fondue and banks might sound drab. But the Alpine nation is also way ahead of Sweden as a draw for Chinese tourists, perhaps because it's been actively marketing itself as a luxury travel destination (paywall) to wealthy Chinese. The country ranked 14th last year among countries with the highest number of visits by Chinese nationals. And those 663,000 marked 33% growth from 2011. It's now trying to figure out how to get Chinese tourists to ski.
Oh, good fucking god. I'm starting to think some of the people criticizing the recently released hacked DNC emails are completely devoid of understanding context.
I see a few friends sharing around several articles, claiming that one of the emails clearly show racism among the Democrats. While skeptical, I was quite intrigued. So I check it out. The screen capture of the email is provided in the image above.
According to these articles, when one of the DNC members named Rebecca Christopher sends an email, stating, “Attached is a script for a new video we'd like to use to mop up some more taco bowl engagement, and demonstrate the [sic] Trump actually isn't trying,” Rebecca is correlating Mexicans to a taco bowl.
Ummmm….. NO SHE ISN'T, YOU MORONS!
By “taco bowl engagement,” she clearly means engagement surrounding the absolutely tasteless taco bowl tweet made by Donald Trump. You remember that, right? Just in case you're being deliberately stupid and deny this, just look at the date of when the email was sent. Don't worry, I'll wait….
May 6, 2016. Now I want you to go to Donald Trump's Twitter account and look at the date of when Trump sent that stupid tweet about loving Mexicans because he's eating a fucking taco bowl. Don't worry, I'll wait….
May 5, 2016! It has absolutely nothing to do with calling Mexicans “taco bowls,” rather has everything to do with responding to Donald Trump's stupid ass — racist! — tweet.
So the next time you start running your mouths, pretending to be actual “journalists,” be sure to get your facts straight and keep in mind one of the most important things when analyzing anything dealing with online text, emails, dates, etc. — context!!!
India is among the few countries with a favourable structural growth story, but its biggest challenge will be to generate enough skilled manpower and jobs that will encourage a "virtuous cycle" of higher growth, says a Macquarie report.
According to the global financial services firm, India will add around 100 million people to its working-age population between now and 2025 and will account for 20 per cent of the world's working-age population.
During this time, North America will see an addition of 14 million, while for China it would be a decline of 29 million.
"In a world of anaemic demand, India promises strong demand growth," Macquarie said, but cautioned that the biggest challenge is to create an adequately skilled working-age population, boost productivity and provide employment opportunities.
"We believe an enabling policy environment, structural reforms, and rising productivity levels are key to ensure India's transition towards higher sustainable growth," the report said.
The three pillars of education, productivity and employment are critical to reap the benefits of demographic dividend in India, it added.
"The Indian government has embarked on the right path with initiatives like Skill India, Ease of Doing Business, Smart Cities and Industrial Corridors to facilitate demographic dividends to flow through," Macquarie said.
According to the report, only 7 per cent of India's population has vocational education, as compared to 70 per cent for North America. Moreover, lack of female participation has skewed the dependents per employed person to 1.7, almost double of China.
The report further said that India's growth story is largely a story of strong domestic demand.
"Over the next decade, we estimate total discretionary spend of Indian households will increase from $174 billion in 2005 to $340 billion in 2015 and further to $504 billion in 2025," Macquarie said.
This increase in discretionary spend over the next decade will be largely driven by the middle-class and rich households.
According to Macquarie, urbanisation will rise sharply over the coming years as workers move from farms to non-farm employment sectors, mainly manufacturing and services.
"The urban population will increase from 418 million in 2015 to 509 million by 2025 - to match 36 per cent of India's total population," the report said.
“If people don't speak out there will never be any change,” says the University of Victoria's award-winning climate scientist Andrew Weaver.
And the need for change in Canada, says Weaver, has never been more pressing.
“We have a crisis in Canada. That crisis is in terms of the development of information and the need for science to inform decision-making. We have replaced that with an ideological approach to decision-making, the selective use of whatever can be found to justify [policy decisions], and the suppression of scientific voices and science itself in terms of informing the development of that policy.”
Since 2007 – when the Harper government established strict communications procedures for federal scientists – journalists, academics and scientific organizations have watched the steady decline of government transparency as a message management strategy usurps what was once the free flow of federal scientific information.
Why Government Science Matters
There are three ways science is conducted in Canada, says Weaver: in universities, in private industry, and in government laboratories. As far as industry is concerned, he says, research is conducted for the purpose of shareholder profit or to advance the position of the company in one way or another.
Academic research –conducted in universities by professors and graduate students – is what Weaver calls “curiosity driven research.”
Federal government research is “research done in the public good.”
“There are certain projects, long term monitoring for example, that will never get done at a university where you have students come and go and university professors move,” says Weaver. “These projects will also not be done by industry where they might not necessarily be in the best interests of some shareholders if, for example, the company gets bought up or moved.”
Weaver says the burden of public-interest research lies solely with the government. It is the only entity suited to the challenge of transforming evidence-based science into improved public policy. It is also the government's opportunity to demonstrate to the public where their hard-earned tax dollars are being directed.
“It's important for the taxpayer to know what their funding is being used for,” says Weaver. “When the government is conducting science it is fundamentally important that taxpayers knows what science is being done and also that other scientists know what science is being done so science can evolve.”
Two things happen when science communication is suppressed, he adds. The first is science fails to evolve. The second is that “public interest or public value in science diminishes.”
The suppression of scientific communication we are seeing in Canada, says Weaver, “can be viewed as undermining the role of science in society and the role of science in decision-making.” There is an underlying explanation for this, he says. It is the current government's energy superpower agenda, where science “can at times conflict with approaches to policy making.”
Therein lies the rub. “This is why scientists in both universities and at the federal level are so aghast at what has been going in Canada during the last few years. It's the muzzling of scientists, the shutting down of key federal science programs that were involved in monitoring for the public good, and the reliance of the government on industry to do monitoring for itself. As a member of the general public this concerns me.”
This concerns Weaver most because of the crucial relationship between science and democracy. “Science can never proscribe policy,” he says. “It's really important that scientists and the public know that. Science never says this is the policy we should implement. But what science is there to do is to inform those policy discussions. You make the policy based on evidence.”
“What you cannot do in a democratic society is suppressed evidence because then you're into propaganda and ideology. And this is what is happening in Canada. Evidence used to inform society – to determine whether we are in favour of a policy or not – is suppressed. And the media's access to that evidence is suppressed.”
“The fallout is that media can no longer serve the role it should in a functioning democratic society: to inform the general public about the issues involved in making policy and to hold our elected leaders accountable for the information and policies that they put in place.”
“We have a problem,” says Weaver, when the “silencing of science throws a wedge into our democratic process.”
“We Cannot Stand By”
Weaver says that federal scientists, especially those recently ousted from their public servant positions, are ideally situated to oppose what many have characterized the Harper government's attack on science.
“I do not accept that they cannot speak out. I think they need to muster the courage to tell it like it is. There are federal scientists who can tell it like it is. I recognize that there are consequences but you know what? This is a crisis and you can't rely on a few individuals outside the federal government to speak up.”
Get the public sector employees union engaged, says Weaver, and “stop cowering behind the façade of ‘I can't speak or I'll be disciplined.'”
Weaver, these days, is in no mood to entertain silence because of the threat of reprimand. The stakes are just too high and the need for change too great. Even the public, says Weaver, is fighting on the scientists' behalf. For that and many other reasons scientists cannot ignore their own plight. “They need to get engaged.”
“I feel strongly about that because when anybody speaks up, of course, there are always consequences. But if people don't speak out there will never be any change.”
No matter our mild-mannered reputation, “we cannot stand by and watch what is happening to our scientific institutions and to the role of federal government science without standing up.” The days of protecting one's own little turf and hoping someone else's will be cut are over, says Weaver. In particular, the cuts are so deep and so devastating to monitoring programs that “everyone needs to recognize that what is happening in Canada is hurting all Canadians and we need to work together on this.”
One need only point to the systematic dismantling of Canada's ocean contaminants program to see what Weaver means. In May, the Harper government announced the marine contaminants program had to go. More than 50 employees were told their services had been terminated effective April 1, 2013. The loss of this program came with a massive reduction of the Department of Fisheries and Oceans, which lost over 1,000 employees in one fell swoop.
“Look what is happening,” says Weaver. “We're shutting down the ocean contaminants program in Canada, right across the nation. Canada no longer has a marine contaminants program. Oh, that's convenient. Why would we want such programs when we might find nasty things, nasty toxins in the water that might actually cause us to not put pipelines across British Columbia or put tankers on the coast?”
This is the cost of our silence, according to Weaver. “This is what happens when people don't speak out. The next is the smokestack emissions group shut down. Why? We don't want to monitor those emissions. Let industry monitor those emissions. We have the Experimental Lakes Area shut down. Why? We'd rather have industry look at that, we don't need pristine areas for federal government and other scientists to work at.”
Canada on the International Stage
While the Harper government scales back the science in the country, we seem to be ramping up production of unconventional fuel sources, both with fracking for shale gas, most notably in B.C. and Alberta, and with the extraction of tar sands bitumen. At the same time, Canada has experienced a considerable flagging of the nation's reputation on the international stage. Canada, once widely beloved as a peace-keeping bastion of diplomatic good will, is now seen on the world stage as a climate laggard, saboteur of the Kyoto Accord, and obstructionist of international environmental talks.
“It's embarrassing,” says Weaver. “It's quite sad.”
Like many Canadians, Weaver remembers a time when American backpackers would pin Canadian flags on their bags. “Things are a little different now,” he says.
“As Canadians we're not viewed like we were in the past. We're viewed like we have a government that believes we are more militaristic than other nations; a nation that is built on the exploitation of a natural resource; that come hell or high water were going to extract and sell to Asia and that we don't really care about environmental issues.”
“This does not bode well for Canada's long term international influence.”
The fact that the Prime Minister and his administration seem hell-bent on removing any obstacles to tar sands expansion and exports seems to confirm the negative sentiments. “We're so myopic in our vision that we're just going to get that bitumen out of the ground, we're going to ship it in pipelines to Asia as fast as we can. Let's get it out, make money now. Who cares about the future, or future generations? Let's do it now, for today. Let's live the high life now.”
“This is not economically sustainable, this is not fiscally sustainable, this is not socially sustainable and this is not environmentally sustainable. This is madness. But this is what we're doing in Canada and this is the path our current government is taking while removing any barriers that might actually stop it from happening.”
“This is a crisis of democracy.”
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior Internal Revenue Service official knew in 2011 that IRS agents were giving extra scrutiny to conservative Tea Party groups, according to documents from a watchdog office obtained by Reuters on Saturday.
A man walks out of an Internal Revenue Services office after filing his taxes on Tax Day in New York, April 15, 2009. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
In a scandal that has already embarrassed the IRS and become a distraction for the Obama administration, a report from the Treasury Department's Inspector General For Tax Administration (TIGTA) was expected to be issued publicly next week on the IRS practice, who knew about it and when.
As more information emerged over the weekend, the White House said President Barack Obama was concerned about the conduct of a few IRS employees.
White House spokesman Jay Carney said: “If the inspector general finds that there were any rules broken or that conduct of government officials did not meet the standards required of them, the president expects that swift and appropriate steps will be taken to address any misconduct.”
The TIGTA report finds that Lois Lerner, who heads the IRS's tax-exempt groups unit, knew of the extra scrutiny as early as June 2011.
On Friday, in remarks that triggered a storm of controversy, Lerner publicly apologized at a legal conference in Washington for what she termed “inappropriate” targeting by the IRS of conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status.
She said the practice was confined to an IRS office in Cincinnati and that it was “absolutely not” influenced by the Obama administration. She said none of the targeted groups was denied tax-free status.
The TIGTA report was requested last year by Republican Representative Darrell Issa, chairman of a congressional investigative panel, after he accused the IRS of targeting conservative groups.
TIGTA has found that the IRS singled out groups with the words “Tea Party” or “patriot” in their names for closer scrutiny, according to a TIGTA document.
IRS CHIEF DENIED KNOWLEDGE
In March 2012 in congressional testimony, then-IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman said the IRS was not making it harder for conservative groups to become tax-exempt.
Shulman stepped down at the end of 2012 when his term ended. Steven Miller was named acting head of the agency.
The IRS said in a statement on Saturday that the TIGTA report was correct. The statement said officials in the IRS exempt organizations division knew of the screening and that “IRS senior leadership did not have this level of detail.”
The statement said that while “mistakes were made,” there “were not partisan reasons behind this.”
Although part of the executive branch, the IRS is considered an independent agency and officials try to stay out of politics.
According to the TIGTA document, the IRS was singling out the conservative groups as early as March 2010.
The document says managers in the “determinations unit” told specialists to be on the lookout for applications from organizations linked to the Tea Party, a political movement that favors smaller government and fewer and lower taxes.
CHANGING CRITERIA
The IRS screening criteria were broadened in July 2011 to cover “organizations involved with political, lobbying or advocacy” seeking tax exemption, according to a TIGTA timeline of events.
Further broadening of the criteria occurred in January 2012 and again in May 2012, the document said.
Issa has vowed to investigate the matter and the House committee he chairs has the power to issue subpoenas. At least one other congressional panel intends to hold hearings, giving Republicans multiple opportunities to hammer the agency and the White House over the affair that had been brewing for months.
Lerner said IRS agents in Cincinnati targeted conservative groups “without talking to managers.” The staffers were trying to deal with a crush of applications for tax-exempt status by using key words to get through the paperwork faster, she said.
About 300 applications were initially flagged for closer scrutiny. Of those, 75 were chosen for that treatment based on the presence of the key words in their names.
THOUSANDS OF APPLICATIONS
Each year the IRS reviews as many as 60,000 tax-exempt applications from groups ranging from charities to labor unions. Some are classified as 501(c)(4) groups after the section of the tax code that makes them tax-exempt. Such organizations can collect money from anonymous donors and spend it on advertising.
To get and keep their tax-exempt status, 501(c)(4) groups cannot endorse a political candidate or a political party.
The number of groups seeking 501(c)(4) status more than doubled from 2010 to 2012, coinciding in part with the surge of Tea Party enthusiasm. In 2010 the U.S. Supreme Court issued its “Citizens United” decision lifting government limits on corporate spending in federal elections.
Consumer groups have been pushing the IRS to clarify the standards for “social welfare organizations,” as they are known in Section 501(c)(4) of the tax code, to ensure that they are not abusing their tax-exempt status.
Qadr Spooner sat in his classroom and ran his hands over the table in front of him. The buzz of the lights above him was never more noticeable, his breath the only thing breaking what felt like an endless silence.
It was late in the school year in 2008. Spooner was 15 years old and nine years away from being the 15th overall pick in the CFL draft. The only thing that would have seemed more unlikely to him as he sat at that desk in Brossard, Que. would be that he'd be making the leap to the pros on the verge of graduating from McGill University. And don't even try to talk to him at this point about making the switch from the D-line to the O-line. He was still five years away from that conversation.
On this day, the one that his dozen or so classmates had huddled and agreed upon as National Skip Day, Spooner sat alone, the only name checked off on the morning's attendance. He had already grown into most of the 6-foot-4 and 315 pounds he's listed at today, already filled up the doorway as he entered a room. That size, he says, was a part of the problem — “When you're bigger, they want to fight you. It's like, ‘I want to try him', you know?” — and some of it's on him. Bad decisions made, bad company kept. The lights buzzed away. Spooner inhaled and exhaled.
RELATED
» Profile: Spooner on the verge of making the jump
» A team by team look at the 2017 CFL Draft
» Walters, Bombers continue bolstering national talent
» Bombers get Ekakitie first overall
There were other factors, too. An overworked mom, a dad that blessed him with good genes and less so with a physical presence and support. There are two younger brothers, both who love football as much as he does. He'd take care of them when they were little and the three of them would bike to his practices with the Greenfield Park Packers for bantam football.
There wasn't a scared-straight epiphany moment for Spooner. It wasn't seeing friends in the back of police cars, or having an accusatory finger pointed at him when lockers in his high school were broken into, or when word of drugs being sold on campus got to the authorities. The staff at Centennial High School didn't know exactly who it was, Spooner says, so they'd suspend a group of kids; him and his friends. He bristled in his chair as he thought about how, as the trouble had piled up, he left his school earlier in 2008.
“We want to try to see if we can get Qadr in a better direction,” Spooner says, reciting the proposal that came from his school. “We're going to send him to an alternate program called ‘Transitions' and in that program he'll be focusing on academics. There'll be a reduced number of students so they can focus on him.”
He landed in that classroom with other similar-aged kids deemed at risk of dropping out.
A voice broke the silence in the classroom that morning. A teacher, Mrs. Harrison, who, if not as lost in thought as Spooner, was at least as hungry. She asked her student if he wanted to go for lunch. She took him to an all-you-can-eat buffet (A wise move, all things considered).
Spooner still marvels at the mountain of shrimp that she put on her plate. He told her she could get up and get more if she wanted. Why get up, she asked him. An unexpected lesson in an unexpected situation. There were many of them for him.
“Mrs. Harrison taught me that you have to pay extra attention to how you carry yourself and how you walk around and how you dress because it really plays a big role in how you're going to be perceived,” Spooner says.
“She saw that I was very polite, I had manners, I'd say thank you. I'd do all the things that the other kids in those programs weren't doing. I didn't smoke, I played sports, I worked at a young age. Not very many kids were trying to work at 14, 15, 16, working all the time. She really saw those things and I think I kind of connected with her because she was a black teacher, too. She really directed me. She saw my math scores going up and any time that she could, she was saying that this kid shouldn't be here.”
She was right. Spooner worked hard and what was supposed to be an eight-week program lasted half of that. He went back to Centennial, graduated on time and was able to make it into Vanier College for CEGEP. He tried to track Mrs. Harrison down recently, but didn't have much luck finding her. He also never got her first name.
“I was too obedient,” he jokes over text. “Never asked.”
It's a small sampling, but this is his story in a nutshell. He grew up at-risk, but Qadr Spooner had a fire burning inside of him. He just didn't know how to channel it. Fortunately, there were just enough people around him that saw it and opened up the necessary doors to stoke it.
Jim Gingera laughs now when he hears about Spooner's success in football, especially as an offensive lineman. He was Spooner's line coach when he was 13, from midget through bantam. He'd look first at Spooner's size, then his technique as he played the defensive line.
“He had good feet, he was a giant, but he never wanted to play offensive line and that was the joke, that he's an offensive lineman,” Gingera says.
Year after year, he'd watch as Spooner would grab O-linemen by the shoulder pads and push them out of the way.
“That's an offensive lineman to the tee,” Gingera says. “He was always a good football player. He was an o-lineman from the get go.”
Spooner was the last one to know.
“Sometimes kids that age don't understand the importance of playing on the offensive line. They want to make the tackles and they want their names on the mic,” says Francois LeBlanc, Spooner's head coach in bantam, who's now a vice principal at Centennial. When LeBlanc was a high school quarterback, his best O-lineman was Dominic Picard.
A shortage of bodies forced Spooner to the O-line for the Packers' first game of the season in his second year of midget ball. They faced a powerhouse opponent, in Beauceville. The odds against him, LeBlanc hoped for a respectable loss, under 20 points. Their only hope, he said, was to lean on their newest o-lineman.
“He didn't like it but he did it and he was a beast,” LeBlanc says. “He has these long arms, so he could bench press guys. He could be having a coffee with one hand and still taking care of his guy.
“So I'm decided. We're going to run behind Qadr the whole game. Forget the pass. I think we passed the ball three times the whole game. We ended up winning.
“We had the ball I would say for at least 37, 38 minutes of the game. At some point they were lining up two guys in front of Qadr. Even a third linebacker and we were still able to get three, four yards. Every time we came back to the bench, he was still playing D-line…but on the O-line he was coming back with a big smile on his face.
“That game was probably the most impressive performance by an offensive lineman that I've seen at any level.”
Spooner would dabble with the O-line a little but he still preferred the defensive side of the ball. Meanwhile, his coaches noticed that Spooner was getting to practices late.
“He had a job at (a restaurant), like a Red Lobster kind of place,” LeBlanc says. “(Qadr says) ‘My manager doesn't want me to miss those shifts, but we have practice on Thursday night and I have to work, otherwise I'm fired.' So I went to see his manager to get Qadr an education. We changed his shifts so he was able to come into practice.”
What very few people knew was that the one thing that Spooner liked less than the idea of playing on the O-line as a kid was the threat of poverty. He'd sought out this job on his own. He walked into the place one morning, found the manager and told him he needed work. He'd do anything, he said.
“I was never late, I was always on time. I would beg for more shifts,” Spooner says. “When the guy was making the schedule I was standing behind him trying to get more hours.”
He didn't know what kind of future he'd have at that point, but he knew that he'd work just as hard at whatever he did.
“I told myself even if I'm going to make minimum wage, I'm going to have to work twice as many hours as someone else,” he says.
Once the hurdles of grades and graduation were cleared, Peter Chryssomalis jumped at the chance to get Spooner onto his football team at Vanier College. He came to the school in 2010, with some strong advice from LeBlanc.
“If you want Qadr to be successful, make sure he's in school from 8:30 in the morning until 8:30 at night. Do not let that kid get off campus. Find him a tutor if you can,” LeBlanc says.
Chryssomalis almost immediately introduced Spooner to Helena Bastos, Vanier's assistant athletic coordinator.
“With Qadr, Coach Pete handed him over to me and said, ‘You've got to take care of him,'” she says. “I think Qadr did it all. It was one of those crazy success stories. There are kids doing four classes here who can't even pass four. No one worked harder. You never saw him hanging around, wasting time. I think he used all his free time to earn extra money or do his homework.”
He studied special care counselling, where the course load was eight to nine classes a semester. While playing football. And with a new job. While talking with Chryssomalis, he told him he was in need of money. So Chryssomalis got him a job in maintenance on the Vanier campus.
“I'd be changing the light bulbs, stuff like that.” Spooner says. “A job that paid over minimum wage, I could do it around my football hours. It was really big for me.”
On the field, he was finally sold on the idea of being a full-time O-lineman. By the end of his third year at Vanier he was headed to McGill, where the course load decreased, but his schedule only got busier. He majored in social work and took a full course load again, adjusted to the highest level of football he'd played yet and continued to work through school. He worked security at some clubs, and more specific to his school training and his major, he worked with at-risk youth and with autistic children.
It became a tough and risky juggling act.
“I worked every single night before every single football game, doing security for the last four years,” he says. “I would finish my shift at maybe 3:30, 4, then I'd head to the field for 9 or 11, whenever we had to get to the field and I would play.
“If I was lucky enough that we had an away game I slept on the bus going there. I think that's one thing that teams may not know about me. When you work all night and you're on your feet all night you're a little more sluggish than you should be too.”
Asked why he'd put himself through that, or even how he was able to put himself through that, the answer is simple to Spooner.
“I just hated not having that financial security growing up,” he says. “Now that's something I always aim for. While I've been at McGill, I did security, I do everything, try to get into investing, put my money in the right spots. I'm saving up for the future. TFSAs, RRSPs, I'm very conservative. I do all those things.
“The beginning was rough but when I look back it, when I look at all my commitments, I'm pretty relaxed right now. I paid off my debt, I paid off 27K that I owed to Quebec student loans and bursaries.”
“I'm going to be out there in Winnipeg and I'm only going to have one job. Play football, stretch, take care of my body . . . That's one of the biggest reliefs, everything is off my chest. I don't have to worry about that stuff.” Qadr Spooner on being drafted by the Bombers
He jokes — maybe half jokes — while walking past stores on Sainte Catherine street that he's never paid for a t-shirt in his life. Non-football questions about Winnipeg: What he might do there for fun; good places to eat; will his brothers come see him this season? Seem like they're things he's just thinking about for the first time. Montreal is a city of 4 million people, and Spooner somehow randomly ran into at least one person in every stop we made, whether we were at Metro stations, actually on a train, at Vanier or looking for somewhere to eat downtown.
They all congratulated him and wished him well. They all asked him when he's leaving for Winnipeg. They all asked if he was nervous and he told every single person the same thing. He's excited, he's psyched. He's ready to go. He's looking forward to having one thing to do, finally.
“That's why I'm feeling so hyped about my season,” he says. “I'm going to be out there in Winnipeg and I'm only going to have one job. Play football, stretch, take care of my body, I won't have this club stuff anymore. That's one of the biggest reliefs, everything is off my chest. I don't have to worry about that stuff.”
He's spent his entire life as a leader and a protector, growing into the offensive lineman that everyone around him always knew that he was. He'll do the same as a social worker, protecting and helping kids like him, having an idea of what they're going through. He's already talking about the possibilities in Winnipeg in that way, too.
“Everyone kept saying it but I didn't want to believe it. I am that person. (Playing O-line) does match my personality, those things,” Spooner says. “I like taking care of people. I see what it does. Everyone loves being taken care of.”
The Anne Arundel County Police Department has charged a 14-year-old girl with a juvenile citation for sending a threatening tweet related to Arundel High School.
Police began their investigation after Arundel High School officials told them about a suspicious Twitter account.
The account, named @KoolkidsKlanKkk, reportedly sent out a tweet that read, “We're planning to attack tomorrow”.
This account used similar language to a racial petition that had been passed around Anne Arundel High School by the “Kool Kids Klan”.
Police worked with Twitter, and were able to identify the person who created the account and sent out the threatening tweet.
That person has been identified as a 14-year-old African American female who attends Arundel High School.
Authorities interviewed the girl while she was with her parents, and police say she admitted to creating the Twitter account and sending the threatening tweet.
She was charged with a juvenile citation for disruption of school activities and released to her parents.
“It makes me really upset. I can't believe that students would write something like that,” said parent Michelle Fitzurka.
“I kind of felt unsafe at the school and a little hurt,” said Taylor Nash, a freshman at Arundel High.
The school district said all the students involved in that incident were disciplined, but the students were not identified, and to complicate an already tense situation, Wednesday night hundreds showed up for a meeting at the school, but some parents still had questions.
“That is not good enough. What's going to happen with the students that are still here?”said parent Tamara Hannah.
“The federal law prohibits me from telling you exactly what the consequences were. But I will say to you that the school acted swiftly, they acted aggressively and they administered appropriated disciplinary action,” said Bob Mosier, chief communications officer of Anne Arundel Public Schools.
As parents left the school, there's hope the community will begin to heal.
“I am very confident that Ms. Davenport and the staff at the school is going to do everything they can to keep all of our children safe,” said parent Sheri Paris.
“I just hope that we can all come together, not just here at the school, but as a society,” said parent Lisa Smith.
Anne Arundel County Public Schools Superintendent George Arlotto released the following statement:
“I want to thank Police Chief Tim Altomare, State's Attorney Wes Adams, County Executive Steve Schuh, and their staffs for their thorough and expeditious work to identify a suspect in the online post that threatened violence at Arundel High School this week. The anonymity of the internet provides a murky and complex disguise for many who want to threaten the safety and security of our communities. Our partners in the Police Department and county government peeled back that disguise quickly in this case, in the process reassuring parents, students, and staff that our schools are safe places in which to educate our children.”
Click here to read the letter sent home to parents of students at Anne Arundel High School.
Follow @CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
It seems like Obsidian was just here before but he had some more to say and since we are all still incredibly busy at paid work we decided to turn the floor over to him for the final segment in our guest post series. Today he discusses the Adria Richards situation and its larger societal implications. Agree or disagree please let him know what you think in the comments.
We certainly hope you enjoyed the different voices over the past eight days. Thursday will see a return to regularly scheduled programming.
"Live by the tweet; get fired by the tweet.... if it's offensive, try first to ignore it."
-Stuart Schneiderman
she interpreted to be sexist, even misogynistic jokes while sitting behind her (even though one of the gents - a certain "Mr. Hank" who wound up getting fired - has insisted that nothing he or his bud were joking about was of a sexual nature, and has in fact turned out to be By now the name of one Ms. Adria Richards hardly needs any introduction; over the past week, the Internet has been aflame with her exploits, most notably her actions taken in a moment of #Outrage over two fellow tech conference attendees making whatto be sexist, even misogynistic jokes while sitting behind her (even though one of the gents - a certain "Mr. Hank" who wound up getting fired - has insisted thathe or his bud were joking about was of a sexual nature, and has in fact turned out to be nothing short of a true gentleman in the wake of his fate ). Her actions - which included snapping a picture via her camera phone without the consent of the putative offenders and then posting it to her Twitter account along with her own running commentary - has led to at least one of said putative offenders being fired from his job. But by then, the story had not just gone viral - it went pandemic - and before the week would be out, Ms. Richards would also find herself out of a job , as the former "Dev Evangelist" for the tech outfit SendGrid, not just for the way in which she handled the Donglegate affair, but because she has proven to be the very divisive force she was hired to address.
I've been following the events of the Adria Richards story over the past few days. There are many takes on what went down, what it all means and how things will or should "change" moving ahead. For my money, I've been following the events of the Adria Richards story over the past few days. There are many takes on what went down, what it all means and how things will or should "change" moving ahead. For my money, perhaps the most comprehensive take was posted by a tech insider and someone who knows Ms. Richards fairly well, but you can decide for yourselves.
While one can speculate as to why the Adria Richards story has caught virtual fire in the media, for me it seems rather simple - that despite the unnecessarily ugly actions of some online - While one can speculate as to why the Adria Richards story has caught virtual fire in the media, for me it seems rather simple - that despite the unnecessarily ugly actions of some online - making rape/death threats to Ms. Richards , " DDOSing" her former employer and so forth, there is a very real reason as to why the backlash against Ms. Richards' actions was so fierce and enormous.
It's because we all know an Adria Richards. I know I've encountered one.
tweeted about using a "big sock" at the very conference she took issue We all know of Women/Feminists like Adria Richards - someone who has a perpetual chip-on-the-shoulder attitude, constantly looking for instances to be "offended" and never missing an opportunity to lecture others about how they should behave, regardless of her own actions (please note that Ms. Richards, for example,with Mr. Hank and his buddy). These are Women/Feminists who see themselves as striking a blow against the Patriarchy - and in this case, against "institutional racism", too . Keep in mind, that Ms. Richards has referred to herself as the Joan of Arc of our times ! A bigger conceit is harder to conceive.
The real story here - one that everyone knows but fears of speaking about openly - is of the overreach of the Adria Richards' of the world; how they so willfully break the rules and bully others in a perverted attempt to make the world a better place. Nor is this something that is confined just to the workplace. We've seen it before.
For example, consider the Nice Guys of OKCupid fiasco, late last year - Feminists, like Ms. Richards, took it upon themselves to create a Tumblr which featured the profiles of self-professed "nice guys" lamenting their lovelorn fates. Because some of the guys used what said Outraged Feminists considered to be sexist/misogynist/racist statements, said Feminists felt justified in potentially breaking the law in "outing" them, not paying attention to the fact that some innocent guys got caught up in the dragnet as well. And to be sure, there were quite a few in the media, who defended these outraged ladies' actions - Hugo Schwyzer was one; the good folks over at Jezebel were others. Thank God one person, in the form of Ms. Joanna Schroeder, For example, consider the Nice Guys of OKCupid fiasco, late last year - Feminists, like Ms. Richards, took it upon themselves to create a Tumblr which featured the profiles of self-professed "nice guys" lamenting their lovelorn fates. Because some of the guys used what said Outraged Feminists considered to be sexist/misogynist/racist statements, said Feminists felt justified in potentially breaking the law in "outing" them, not paying attention to the fact that some innocent guys got caught up in the dragnet as well. And to be sure, there were quite a few in the media, who defended these outraged ladies' actions - Hugo Schwyzer was one; the good folks over at Jezebel were others. Thank God one person, in the form of Ms. Joanna Schroeder, saw fit to speak out against the abuse and downright bullying , that was taking place over the Nice Guys of OKCupid incident. Too bad, that to date and as far as I can tell, no one of her caliber in the online media, has joined in with her.
In both instances, Feminists took it upon themselves to be judged, jury and executioner, using social media to "try" the supposed offenders, and ginning up a Digital Mob in dealing with said supposed offenders. If anything even aping something like this was done by Men - and God forbid, straight White ones - we'd never hear the end of it.
This ain't funny so don't you dare laugh, but the truth is that we truly have entered the 1984 Era - one where Crimethink is a very real thing, and carries with it very real consequences. We've kicked First Amendment ideals and the principles of tolerance that has made the Western world the unprecedented success it is to the curb, and put in their place an Orwellian web of arcane and draconian protocols that are inscrutable to decipher, impossible to satisfy and ultimately ruinous for everyone in the long run. And all in the name of "social justice".
As a Black Man, one who has either witnessed or experienced things far and away more "offensive" than that which any of these ladies have per their kerfuffles above, I have to say that I am deeply saddened to read and hear of how my As a Black Man, one who has either witnessed or experienced things far and away more "offensive" than that which any of these ladies have per their kerfuffles above, I have to say that I am deeply saddened to read and hear of how my fellow African Americans have responded to the Adria Richards debacle . I wonder, how would Jackie Robinson, or Hank Aaron, or Willie Mays, or Roberto Clemente, would have reacted to such things - Black Men who faced, daily, death threats, racial slurs and out and out, in your face racism, inside the clubhouse and out in the stands? The historical record says, that they handled it like true champions, for in the end, everyone loves a winner.
That's the attitude I take in my own life. I've won over hardened bigots, not by threats of burnin' the mutha down, but by proving, consistently, that not only could I do the job, but I was one of the best that ever did it. Having a thick skin and channeling equal parts Sidney Poitier and George Jefferson when needed, has taken me far in life.
When the dust settles, the record will show that what Ms. Richards has done will have done much more harm than good insofar as the "cause" of Blacks and Women are concerned. Whites and others, will see this as yet another example in a long chain of examples that don't make the paper or the Internet, of folks who are constantly looking to be aggrieved, offended, to exact some measure, not of justice, but of revenge, on others in a pitiful attempt to assuage personal demons and paper over personal and professional deficiencies. This, of course, severely damages Blacks and Women who are indeed, very good at what they do and don't feel the need to haul out Al Sharpton or stage a boycott/protest every time somebody says something silly. As a result, our society will become more and more separate; what MLK called a "negative peace", will continue to ensue. Ms. Richards' actions are the final nail in the coffin of the good will African Americans have squandered over the past half a century - that we've gone from Jackie Robinson, to Adria Richards. Oh, how far have we fallen.
The Empress has no clothes.
The Obsidian
Thoughts?
Were the jokes inappropriate?
Should Richards have said something to the men before tweeting their pictures?
Lisk Blockchain Applications — The Future of the SDK
Isabella Dell Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 8, 2017
Image courtesy of legalexecutiveinstitute.com
Over the past year we have seen Lisk evolve from its original Crypti code base into what we have today. The core has grown from its original SQLite implementation to the current PostgreSQL implementation. It has grown by thousands of lines of code, but what hasn't happened is the growth of the Blockchain Applications SDK with the changes in Lisk-Core. While the existing implementation does work, it is not as easy to leverage as one would expect. Going forward the existing Applications SDK will be deprecated and archived.
Why are we doing this?
We want to create a better solution for all users. In order to promote organic growth of the applications platform, a complete rewrite of the SDK code base is required. In order to do that we must shed the old, outdated code and refresh it with new efficient code that works for everyone.
There is a secondary reason for this change in direction. We want to ensure that we provide a quality product to anyone interested in developing on top of Lisk. It needs to work every time, for everyone involved. We will address the quality issue as part of our ongoing review of the existing code. The same review process will be applied to the development of the new code to ensure the quality remains high.
When will this happen?
As part of the 0.6.0 release we will be removing the Applications directory link from Lisk-UI. This change is aimed at reducing confusion about the availability of the application's platform itself. We feel it's important to offer these features when they are ready, instead of offering a potentially confusing experience for developers and users. The Blockchain Applications API will still be available for anyone willing to try and implement an application on the previous code, but we cannot guarantee full backwards compatibility between the new SDK and the old SDK.
Changes to the Roadmap.
As part of this process we will see some revisions to the phases of the Roadmap. Initially, we had planned to stabilize the existing SDK. After extensive study we have concluded that this is not the correct path to take. As such we will revise the Roadmap and provide further information about the revision at a later date.
How can you help?
Send us your ideas and offer suggestions on functionality you would like to see implemented into the platform. We make Lisk for everyone's benefit and it's important for us to get your feedback in order to grow the platform to support all use cases. As always, we welcome pull requests that offer improvements in this realm as well.
Final Words
As part of these efforts we plan to focus our efforts on the new SDK and ensuring that the quality meets not only our standards, but the standards of developers who wish to use our SDK. While much of this work is still in the conceptual stage, it is important to ensure the platform is very well thought out and will cover the majority of cases we think it will be used for. As always, we appreciate any feedback you might have and welcome you to join us on our chat platform, lisk.chat. We appreciate the time and energy our community has invested into Lisk to date and know that this change will put us on the right path for the future.
As a hybrid genre in its origins, rap music has always lent itself to collaborations that step outside the conventions of the form. It's been common practice for a long time to include a verse by a popular rapper on a non-rap song—it's a little bit like when Quentin Tarantino "presents" a film, except that rappers actually contribute to the work their name is on and they probably have better taste than Quentin Tarantino does. This isn't a fool-proof formula, though, and the results range from good to interesting to absolutely terrible. Here are a few of the more bizarre gems the rap gods have blessed us with.
BONE THUGS-N-HARMONY (FEAT. PHIL COLLINS) - "HOME"
Pretend that you are Phil Collins (I'm sorry). A lawyer from Ruthless Records contacts you about clearing a sample from your hit single "Take Me Home," off your Grammy-winning album No Jacket Required, for use in a Bone Thugs-N-Harmony song. Do you (A) see this as an interesting creative choice (and an opportunity for money) and permit the sample to be used? Or do you (B) bitterly refuse because you see it as a perversion of your pop-rock masterpiece? This is why you're only pretending to be Phil Collins, because not only did he choose (A), but he also flew to fucking Geneva, Switzerland to record an actual video for the song with Bone Thugs. It's a logical choice, given how much respect we know these artists have for international law. It's also possible this is another Rap Illuminati conspiracy, since Phil and Bone Thugs barely make physical contact throughout the duration of this video and so I'm not entirely convinced they actually met.
RDB & ANTHONY KUMAR (FEAT. SNOOP DOGG) "SINGH IS KINNG"
RDB is a mid-2000s Bhangra fusion band that contributed a song to the 2008 action-comedy movie Singh is Kinng, starring Bollywood celebrity Akshay Kumar. I don't really know too much about this Snoop Dogg fellow, but he should consider himself very lucky for the opportunity to work with such talented and internationally recognized artists, and I am always in support of musical collaboration at the global scale. Also, here's a chipmunk version of that song, in case you were thinking, "Shit, I could really use a chipmunk version of that Bhangra/rap song" when you heard it. I'm looking out for you.
MSTRKFT (FEAT. N.O.R.E. & ISIS) - "BOUNCE"
P.A.P.I., or The Artist Formerly Known as N.O.R.E., has (had?) a well-respected solo career and as a member of CNN (No, not the news network. That joke's been made before. Shut up.). Why he decided to team up with the vowel-less elctro banger dudes of MSTRKRFT is unclear, but the video to "Bounce" would indicate that duffle bags full of money were involved. You'd think that for the millions of dollars that get handled in this video, MSTRKRFT could afford production quality above that of 90's sofcore porn, but I guess not. At least they splurged on a light cube to keep Noreaga in. The message of this video is, "Even though we say that all we do is party, don't steal money from us because we will murder you."
LFO (FEAT. M.O.P.) - "LIFE IS GOOD"
It's entirely possible that a 13-year-old girl wrote “Life Is Good.” Both the lyrics and melody sound exactly like something a teenager would make up while singing in the shower. This is also LFO's target audience, I think, so if anything this song is a formula for success. The only reason this theory doesn't hold up is because of the Steve McQueen reference. Oh, and the completely inexplicable M.O.P. verse in the middle of this song. It's a bad sign when a song sounds like a mashup even though it's not. This song came out less than a year after M.O.P.'s well-received Warriorz, so why were they stooping so low? Admittedly, it's pretty catchy, but I'd rather listen to the original version of the M.O.P. verse, which was an a cappella that Lil Fame rapped to himself in the shower.
The above also doubles as a list of Gabriel Herrera's favorite songs. Don't believe him? Ask him on Twitter - @gabrielherrera
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/Pa3q
— During the down economy, panhandling-related offenses are on the rise in Raleigh. So far this year, police have arrested 212 people on charges, such as panhandling without a permit, loitering and pedestrian interference.
During the same time last year, 162 people had been arrested.
Martin Sansalone said he knows how to panhandle within the city's guidelines. He has been asking for money on the corner of Interstate 440 and Poole Road for four years.
The 62-year old says, for him, begging is about survival.
"I couldn't pay the bills,” he said.
Sansalone lives in a homeless campsite in the woods near the intersection.
“We are just gambling out here right now,” he said of life on the streets.
On a good day, Sansalone said he can make $20 an hour panhandling, but he must have a permit from the Raleigh Police Department.
"Oh yeah, I got a permit,” he said Monday afternoon.
The permits last a year and without one, beggars could be arrested and fined.
Thomas Mills was charged Friday with begging without a permit, according to an arrest warrant. The 38-year-old homeless man was taken into custody on the corner of I-440 and Hillsborough Street.
“If they are going to be panhandling, begging in the city of Raleigh, they are expected to have that permit,” said Raleigh police spokesman Jim Sughrue.
The permits are free, but a photo ID is needed to apply.
“Once it is made certain they are not people who are wanted for anything, then a permit can be issued to them,” Sughrue said.
The permits are designed to help police identify the panhandlers, while also pointing out guidelines. The permit asks that there be no aggressive begging and no blocking traffic. Panhandlers are also advised to stay away from ATM machines and to operate between the hours of 8 a.m. to 9 p.m.
The theory is based on the reality that numerous stars -- first baseman Eric Hosmer, third baseman Mike Moustakas, outfielder Lorenzo Cain, shortstop Alcides Escobar, closer Wade Davis and others -- are scheduled to become free agents after 2017, and the small-market Royals will be hard-pressed to sign those players to expensive, long-term deals.
SURPRISE, Ariz. -- The popular narrative about the defending World Series champions is that they are operating in a short two-year window of opportunity.
SURPRISE, Ariz. -- The popular narrative about the defending World Series champions is that they are operating in a short two-year window of opportunity.
The theory is based on the reality that numerous stars -- first baseman Eric Hosmer, third baseman Mike Moustakas, outfielder Lorenzo Cain, shortstop Alcides Escobar, closer Wade Davis and others -- are scheduled to become free agents after 2017, and the small-market Royals will be hard-pressed to sign those players to expensive, long-term deals.
The Royals, though, scoff at the notion that the organization suddenly will fall off a cliff after 2017.
"We don't look at it that we'll have to start all over after 2017," general manager Dayton Moore said. "That's just not true."
Tweet from @Royals: "You walk in that locker room, and they want to do it again." Ned joined @MLBNetwork to talk about this year's team: https://t.co/hBY5UbCdh4
The truth is, the Royals do have a core of players either already signed or under club control beyond 2017, including left fielder Alex Gordon, catcher Salvador Perez and pitchers Yordano Ventura, Joakim Soria and Kelvin Herrera. Right-hander Ian Kennedy has a three-year player option following the 2017 season.
And Moore and his staff are not conceding that they will lose all of their free agents after 2017.
"We fully expect to sign as many of our players that we currently have on our team to long-term contracts," Moore said. "We anticipate that happening as we go forward. Will we get them all? Time will tell.
"We've had success keeping our homegrown players. Alex Gordon is a guy we've signed twice now to multiyear deals. We'll do our best to keep as many of our players here."
• Moore, Yost receive contract extensions
The Royals also believe that even if some of their players leave for better deals, they will have younger players to take their place.
And that's one of the reasons manager Ned Yost signed a contract through 2018; He, like Moore, believes the Royals will continue to be competitive each and every year.
"Dayton will put us in a good position to compete every year," Yost said. "There was no window in Atlanta. We won 12 straight years when I was there. You find ways to make it work."
Yost noted prospects such as Raul Mondesi, Bubba Starling and Kyle Zimmer will be looked upon as keys to the future, just as guys like Moustakas, Hosmer and Cain once were.
"You need good young players to step in," Yost said. "We've got those young players. And they don't have to go through all the trials this group did. This group had to get better all at the same time. But now we don't need a big group. We bring in guys one at a time.
"Dayton has a long-term plan beyond 2017."
Tweet from @Royals: Live pitching today. @kylezimmer11 on the bump. @TheRealHos35 in the cage. #RoyalsST pic.twitter.com/QPfpRURvtX
Moore does concede that the present Royals group certainly is primed for more World Series runs.
"Sure, it's important that we maximize our current situation," Moore said. "People ask me about [the two-year window] and I say, 'Our window is right now.' But we feel that way every year now. And that will mean trying to keep our internal players.
"And yes, eventually we'll have young players from the system transition to the Major League level. You filter them in with this group. But we have no history of us quitting or laying down. We will continue to be as good as we can beyond 2017."
Note: By submitting this form, you agree to Third Door Media's terms . We respect your privacy .
Google says that YouTube isn't going to somehow solely escape its new “pirate penalty.” Any popular site may be OK, as the penalty works off of more than pure copyright infringement reports. Nuances in calculating the penalty should save popular user-generated content sites, the company said.
The Pirate Penalty
Initially, it sounded as if sites with many copyright infringement complaints filed against them with Google — such as those listed here in the Google Transparency Report — would be at risk under the new pirate penalty Google will begin imposing next week.
If that were the case, Google's own YouTube site would have a unique advantage in that copyright infringement notices filed against it are largely handled through a separate system and wouldn't count against it in the way other sites would be hit, under the forthcoming penalty.
YouTube & Copyright Infringement Notices
Our article from Friday, How YouTube Will Escape Google's New Pirate Penalty, documents that situation in detail. But speaking with Google today, the company provided more details it hadn't shared before.
In particular, Google said that notices filed against YouTube through the separate YouTube copyright infringement reporting system will be combined with those filed against YouTube through the Google Search reporting system.
So how many infringements in total will YouTube face, beyond the tiny 650 URLs removal requests filed through the Google Search system over the past year-and-a-half? Google still refuses to give a specific number, telling me only that it's “magnitudes” beyond those with Google Search.
Google: YouTube & Others Not Likely To Be Hit
There's an excellent chance that YouTube may have more copyright infringement notices filed against it (and upheld by Google) than any of the sites likely to be targeted through what can now be considered the Google Search takedown list. Despite this, Google repeated its earlier statement that it didn't expect YouTube to be hit. That previous statement:
We're treating YouTube like any other site in search rankings. That said, we don't expect this change to demote results for popular user-generated content sites.
How can this be? How can YouTube escape a penalty that seemed specifically designed to impact sites with a lot of copyright infringement notices (that Google has deemed valid) filed against them? That's where those nuances I mentioned come in.
On Friday, when Google announced the forthcoming penalty, it suggested that sheer number of notices against a site were what was involved. From its post:
Starting next week, we will begin taking into account a new signal in our rankings: the number of valid copyright removal notices we receive for any given site. Sites with high numbers of removal notices may appear lower in our results.
More Than Number Of Notices Counted
Today, Google told me today that the new penalty will look beyond just the number of notices. It will also take into account other factors, specifics that Google won't reveal, but with the end result that YouTube — as well as other popular sites beyond YouTube — aren't expected to be hit.
What other sites? Examples Google gave me include Facebook, IMDB, Tumblr and Twitter. But it's not that there's some type of “whitelist” of sites. Rather, Google says the algorithm automatically assesses various factors or signals to decide if a site with a high number of copyright infringement notices against it should also face a penalty.
Without clarification from Google, we can only make assumptions on how this will work. My guess is that Google will be looking at factors to somehow determine if a site seems legitimate. Does it have many reputable links to it? Can Google detect if there's a lot of sharing of content from those sites? Are there factors that already give the site a good “reputation” in Google's algorithms for other types of searches.
By “legitimate,” I'm making a further assumption that Google's trying not to harm sites that seem to be making a good-faith effort through internal systems to remove infringing content. Just as YouTube has its own takedown system, other sites that are actively working to remove content after copyright holder complaints might be effectively given a pass in how the new penalty works.
In fact, Google even argues that YouTube is likely being assessed more severely under the new system. It knows how many complaints have been filed with YouTube directly, through YouTube's own system, and those count against YouTube under the pirate penalty. In contrast, takedown notices that are filed directly with other sites, and acted upon by those sites' internal mechanisms, are not counted.
Of course, other sites might have massively fewer requests filed against them, compared to YouTube. But the bigger issue is that the penalty has been designed with a recipe that still gives YouTube, along with other popular sites, a likely escape.
It might not be a YouTube-specific escape clause, but YouTube will escape along with other sites — and it's not something that was made clear in the company's initial announcement, which suggested the penalty was purely tied to number of notices acted upon.
Related Articles
The compensation of Canada's highest-paid CEOs jumped seven per cent between 2014 and 2015, to a record high average of $9.5 million, according to a new study.
In a report published Tuesday, the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, a left-leaning think-tank focused on economic and social policy, analyzed salary information from 249 TSX-listed companies and identified the top 100 earners.
The 100 richest CEOs in Canada took in an average of $9.5 million in 2015, a figure that includes salaries, bonuses, share grants and stock options, the report said.
That's well ahead of the $49,510 the group says the typical full-year, full-time worker earned in 2015.
Based on 2015 earnings, Canada's 100 top CEOs will earn by 11:47 a.m. today what the average Canadian will make in a whole year.
Hugh Mackenzie, author of the report, says that CEOs 30 years ago 'managed to scrape by on 40 times what the average person is paid.'
"Nobody's worth that much money. I mean, this is absurd," said Hugh Mackenzie, a research associate at the think-tank and author of the report.
"Thirty years ago they managed to scrape by on 40 times what the average person is paid, and now, it's 193 times."
Between 2008 and 2015, the country's 100 top-paid CEOs saw their compensation climb about 30 per cent, while the average wage for Canadians increased by just 17.5 per cent.
The highest-paid CEOs, according to the study, in order were:
Valeant Pharmaceutical's Michael Pearson: $182.9 million in total compensation.
Donald Walker of Magna International: $26.5 million.
Hunter Harrison of Canadian Pacific Railway: $19.9 million.
Other notable names include BlackBerry's John Chen. He was the highest-earning CEO in 2014, but dropped to 91st in 2015, earning $3.8 million.
Eric La Flèche of Metro Inc. was the lowest-paid CEO on the list of 100, earning $3.6 million in 2015.
Only two women made the list — Linda Hasenfratz, of Linamar Corp., who was compensated a total of $14.2 million, and Dawn Farrell, of TransAlta Corp., who earned $4.5 million.
What's in a name?
Of the top 100 highest-paying CEOs on the list, five people are named Marc or Mark, five named Michael, four named Al, John, Paul and Steve, and three named Brian, Charles and Donald.
The entry for the 6 hours of Fuji, Round 7 of the 2017 FIA WEC sees the same 26 runners that contested both the Mexico City and COTA rounds but with some interesting driver changes in three of the four classes.
LMP1 sees Ant Davidson return to Toyota as planned after missing the Texan round.
LMP2 sees Alex Lynn step back from his season-long G-Drive seat, replaced by James Rossiter, the Englishman knows Fuji well from WEC and Japanese racing. Lynn meanwhile will play no further part in the 2017 FIA WEC season, though his future programmes are yet to be announced. It will be Rossiter's third WEC race of the season after starting for ByKolles at Silverstone and Spa.
GTE Pro sees Aston Martin Racing revert to a 2 driver line-up in the #97 car with Daniel Serra stepping down, the whole class now features two driver line-ups.
GTE Am sees Mike Hedlund make his 6 Hour WEC debut aboard the #86 Gulf Racing UK Porsche, the American raced with Proton at Le Mans this year and spent 2016 with the same team in the ELMS. He replaces Mike Wainwright who has business commitments that will prevent him from travelling.
The full entry can be found here >>
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, FL – In a breathtaking feat mesmerizing hordes of thrilled spectators, SpaceX nailed today's (July 18) back to back post midnight launch and landing of the firms Falcon 9 first stage tasked to carry a cargo Dragon loaded with over two tons of critical science, supplies and a crew docking port to the space station for NASA.
Liftoff of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket in its upgraded, full thrust version and the Dragon CRS-9 resupply ship took place right on time at 12:45 a.m. EDT Monday, July 18, from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
SpaceX simultaneously successfully delivered over 5000 pounds (2200 kg) of research supplies to orbit for NASA in a commercial cargo Dragon ship, as the primary mission goal – and soft landed the approximately 60,000 pounds Falcon 9 first stage on land, as the experimental secondary mission goal.
“The Falcon 9 first stage we landed is in excellent shape,” Hans Koenigsmann, SpaceX vice president of Flight Reliability, told Universe Today at the 2 a.m. EDT post launch and landing media briefing early this morning.
See my launch and landing streak shot and photos herein, including deployment of the four landing legs in the final seconds before propulsive touchdown.
The twin accomplishments will have far reaching implications for the exploration and exploitation of space for all humanity.
“Each commercial resupply flight to the space station is a significant event. Everything, from the science to the spare hardware and crew supplies, is vital for sustaining our mission,” said Kirk Shireman, NASA's International Space Station Program manager.
“With equipment to enable novel experiments never attempted before in space, and an international docking adapter vital to the future of U.S. commercial crew spacecraft, we're thrilled this Dragon has successfully taken flight.”
The CRS-9 mission is to support the resident six-person crew of men and women currently working on the station from the US, Russia and Japan.
The propulsive soft landing of the 156 foot tall Falcon 9 first stage of the Falcon 9 rocket on land at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Landing Zone 1, located a few miles south of launch pad 40.
The dramatic ground landing at LZ -1 took place about 9 minutes after liftoff.
The first and second stages separated about two and a half minutes after liftoff and were easily visible to any eyewitness watching – backdropped by the sunshine states dark skies.
As the second stage soared to orbit, the first stage reignited a first stage engine for a series of burns targeting a return to the Cape.
We spotted the first engine firing about two mintues before landing, as it descended directly overhead of myself and everyone in the Cape Canaveral region.
For a few moments it looked like it was headed right towards us, but then steered away as planned with engines blazing to slow the boosters descent to make a gentle landing at LZ-1.
Finally the Falcon landed, obscured by a big vapor cloud and sonic booms roaring around the space coast – and waking many local residents. Several folks told me they were suddenly woken by the shocking booms reverberating inside their homes.
Some area residents even called 911 not knowing the true nature of the noises.
Among the wealth of over 3900 pounds (1790 kg) of research investigations loaded on board Dragon is an off the shelf instrument designed to perform the first-ever DNA sequencing in space, and the first international docking adapter (IDA) that is absolutely essential for docking of the SpaceX and Boeing built human spaceflight taxis that will ferry our astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS) in some 18 months.
CRS-9 counts as the company's ninth scheduled flight to deliver supplies, science experiments and technology demonstrations to the International Space Station (ISS).
The CRS-9 mission is for the crews of Expeditions 48 and 49 to support dozens of the approximately 250 science and research investigations in progress under NASA's Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) contract.
Dragon reached its preliminary orbit about 10 minutes after launch. Then it deployed a pair of solar arrays and began a carefully choreographed series of thruster firings to reach the space station.
If all goes well, Dragon is scheduled to arrive at the orbiting outpost on Wednesday, July 20, after a 2 day orbital chase.
NASA astronaut Jeff Williams will then reach out with the station's 57.7-foot-long Canadian-built robotic arm to grapple and capture the private Dragon cargo ship working from a robotics work station in the station's cupola. NASA astronaut Kate Rubins will serve as Williams backup. She just arrived at the station last week on July 9 for a minimum 4 month stay, after launching to orbit on a Russian Soyuz on July 6 with two additional crew mates.
Ground commands will be sent from Houston to the station's arm to install Dragon on the Earth-facing bottom side of the Harmony module for its stay at the space station. The crew expects to open the hatch a day later after pressurizing the vestibule in the forward bulkhead between the station and Dragon.
Live coverage of the rendezvous and capture July 20 will begin at 5:30 a.m. on NASA TV, with installation coverage set to begin at 9:45 a.m.
CRS-9 marks only the second time SpaceX has attempted a land landing of the 15 story tall first stage booster.
The history making first time successfully took place at Landing Zone 1 (LZ 1) on Dec. 22, 2015 as part of the ORBCOMM-2 mission. Landing Zone 1 is built on the former site of Space Launch Complex 13, a U.S. Air Force rocket and missile testing range.
SpaceX also successfully recovered first stages three times in a row at sea this year on an ocean going drone ship barge using the company's OCISLY Autonomous Spaceport Drone Ship (ASDS) on April 8, May 6 and May 27.
Altogether SpaceX has successfully landed and recovered 5 first stage booster intact and upright.
Watch for Ken's onsite CRS-9 mission reports direct from the Kennedy Space Center and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida.
Here's my launch pad video of the blastoff:
Video caption: SpaceX Falcon 9 lifts off with Dragon CRS-9 resupply ship bound for the International Space Station on July 18, 2016 at 12:45 a.m. EDT from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, as seen in this up close video from Mobius remote camera positioned at the pad. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com
Stay tuned here for Ken's continuing Earth and Planetary science and human spaceflight news.
Ken Kremer
………….
Learn more about Juno at Jupiter, SpaceX CRS-9 rocket launch, ISS, ULA Atlas and Delta rockets, Orbital ATK Cygnus, Boeing, Space Taxis, Mars rovers, Orion, SLS, Antares, NASA missions and more at Ken's upcoming outreach events:
July 18, 26-28: “SpaceX launches to ISS on CRS-9, Juno at Jupiter, ULA Delta 4 Heavy and Atlas V spy satellite launches, SLS, Orion, Commercial crew, Curiosity explores Mars, Pluto and more,” Kennedy Space Center Quality Inn, Titusville, FL, evenings
Hollywood, CA - About 30 people gathered Saturday afternoon to protest the opening of the new Chick-fil-A Hollywood location citing what they call the restaurant chain's support of anti-gay policies.The protestors say the Georgia-based fast food chain donates money to Focus on the Family and other Christian groups that vehemently oppose LGBT rights, including marriage equality."It's about civil rights," Ken Howard, one of the organizers of Saturday's protest, told WestHollywoodPatch.com . "It's not anti-Christian. It's pro-civil rights and against hate groups."The group protesting the new location at Sunset Boulevard and Highland Avenue held up picket signs and distributed fliers that read, "say no to homophobia."The company's corporate mission is explicitly Christian. It includes a charge "to glorify God by being a faithful steward of all that is entrusted to us."Chick-fil-A's mix of Christian culture has attracted controversy before. In 2002 a lawsuit was filed by a Muslim restaurant owner in Houston who said he was fired because he did not pray to Jesus with other employees at a training session.Company spokeswoman Kim Hardcastle told Patch the chain does not discriminate against anyone.The chain, which has found success in rural areas, has recently been entering larger metropolitan cities including Los Angeles and Chicago.
A Liberal Democrat activist who sits on two national party committees has been suspended from her regional party after a string of sexist comments on social media. The activist in question, Sarah Noble, made multiple tweets of a disturbingly hateful nature, including “kill all men”, “fuck men”, and “die cis[gendered] scum”.
The comments were brought to light by by HEqual, a gender egalitarian campaigning group. After being made aware of them, former Lib Dem Equalities Minister Jo Swinson was quick to condemn Noble's comments. Writing on Facebook, Swinson said the comments were “completely unacceptable” and “in no way represent the views of Liberal Democrats”. The former Minister also said that Noble has been asked to delete her tweets and apologise. No apology has yet been forthcoming.
Noble sits on the national committees of the LGBT Liberal Democrats and the Secular & Humanist Liberal Democrats. She has also been elected to the executive committee of the National Union of Students' LGBT wing, which, like the LGBT Lib Dems, has a zero-tolerance attitude towards hate speech.
She is also a former team member of the “Atheism Plus Block Bot”, a twitter program that allows you to block predefined lists of users. The Block Bot's creators claimed that the program blocks “trolls, abusers, and bigots”, but it faces growing accusations that this is merely a smokescreen for targeting people who offend them, such as the biologist and author Richard Dawkins. In the wake of Noble's comments, the question of whether the Block Bot is really against all forms of hatred and bigotry is sure to be raised.
Noble's regional party, the Yorkshire and Humber Liberal Democrats also took action, suspending her from their executive committee pending further investigation. However, Noble continues to sit on the executive committees of the Secular and Humanist Liberal Democrats, the LGBT Liberal Democrats, and Liberal Youth. These organisations have yet to comment on Noble's behaviour.
The Liberal Democrats are known for the high value they place on due process, and it may be some time before the various committees take action. However, this is unlikely to placate HEqual, who continue to ask why other sections of the party have not followed the example of Jo Swinson and the Yorkshire and Humber Liberal Democrats.
@mensrightsrdt I certainly do not. Any such comments about any sector of society are not liberal. — Stephen Glenn (@stephenpglenn) April 16, 2015
Writing on their blog, HEqual welcomed the actions taken by Jo Swinson and the Yorkshire and Humber Liberal Democrats, but stressed that their actions did not go far enough. HEqual said that Noble's comments would “continue to be representative of the Liberal Democrats” so long as the party has “sitting committee members who make and stand by such comments”.
The LGBT Liberal Democrats and the Secular and Humanist Liberal Democrats have yet to issue any comment. I reached out to the chairs of both committees and to Sarah Noble herself prior to writing this article. None have returned my requests for comment.
The Liberal Democrats currently take a robust stance on hate speech. They are currently championing a policy that would ban homophobic chanting on football pitches. Critics of hate speech laws say that they are too broadly drawn, and confuse the hateful with the merely politically incorrect. But as long as the Lib Dems defends the existing consensus, members like Noble, who are far more than just politically incorrect, represent a serious threat to their credibility.
The LGBT Liberal Democrats and the Secular and Humanist Liberal Democrats have yet to issue any comment. I reached out to the chairs of both committees and to Sarah Noble herself prior to writing this article. None have returned my requests for comment. However, a spokesman from Lib Dem HQ said “Sarah Noble's comments are unacceptable. The party is taking the matter seriously and has asked Sarah Noble to apologise and remove the posts”.
UPDATE: Gary McLelland, Chairman of the Secular and Humanist Liberal Democrats (HSLD) has commented on the story.
“The Executive Committee of HSLD has received a number of complaints relating to the personal tweets of one of our Committee members, Sarah Noble. The Executive Committee would like to emphasize that these tweets do not in any way represent the views of HSLD.
"As a soldier in Iraq, I put my life on the line for my country. I fought for the freedom and justice our country stands for. Yet, I'm denied proper reproductive health care benefits; denied abortion care even if I'm the victim of rape. I expected the horror of war in Iraq, but I expected better from my own government," say three veterans, Dottie Guy, Kayla Williams and Shannon Clark, in a 30-second spot.
ADVERTISEMENT
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) teamed up with "Stand with Servicewomen," a group dedicated to changing the Defense Department rules on abortion coverage, in launching the ads, which are set to air in the Washington, D.C., area throughout June.In May the Senate Armed Services Committee approved an amendment, introduced by Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), that would allow funding for such abortions in the 2013 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Currently only cases where a woman's life is in danger are allowed."This is about equity,” said Shaheen in a statement at the time. “Civilian women who depend on the federal government for health insurance — whether they are postal workers or Medicaid recipients — have the right to access affordable abortion care if they are sexually assaulted. It is only fair that the thousands of brave women in uniform fighting to protect our freedoms are treated the same.”However, the House version of the Defense Authorization did not include a similar provision, and previous attempts to reverse the ban have been rejected as well.Abortion coverage is one of many contentious policies where the two chambers disagree, including provisions on same-sex marriage and on a new East Coast missile defense site. Read more on the looming Defense bill budget fights in Congress on DEFCON Hill blog.
—Jeremy Herb contributed.
Search continues for Santa Rosa couple aboard missing plane
Weather hampered Thursday's search efforts for a Santa Rosa couple not heard from since taking off in their single-engine plane Monday afternoon from the Truckee-Tahoe Airport en route to Petaluma.
One surveillance flight was able to take off Thursday morning in the search for Mark and Brenda Richard's Socata TB-20, which officials estimate disappeared five minutes after leaving the 5,900-foot elevation airport about 4 p.m. Monday.
In a statement released Thursday morning, the Richards' family, which includes daughters Lauren, Madeline, Ashley and Danielle, remained hopeful.
“We have confidence in the search and rescue team and are grateful for the support and efforts of everyone involved,” the statement said.
“We are staying positive and would appreciate privacy at this time.”
When the Richards took off Monday in Truckee, the National Weather Service said it was 45 degrees, with a 6-mph southerly wind and 10-mile visibility.
But about 18 miles northwest of the airport where the Richards' plane disappeared, the weather can be “drastically different,” said Hardy Bullock, director of aviation and community services for the airport. Because of the high altitude and rugged terrain, flying in and out of the mountain airport can be tricky.
It implemented a “Fly Aware” campaign posting signs at the airport and on its website to educate pilots about the unique circumstances.
“We have a pilot and passenger coordinator who walks around the airport, trying to catch passengers before they depart,” Bullock said, “to talk to them about the challenges that they're going to face flying into and out of Truckee.”
Altitude, air density, changing weather and wind shear — the abrupt changes in wind speed and direction that can occur over the Sierra Nevada peaks — are among the hazards pilots face flying in and out of the mountain airport, Bullock said.
He said no airport staffers made contact Monday with the Richards and security footage shows they didn't visit the terminal.
Robert Bousquet, board member of the Tahoe Flying Club based at the Truckee-Tahoe Airport, said a pilot flying a single-engine plane should consider the temperature drops 3 degrees for every thousand feet climbed.
“If you don't have a plane that can climb through the weather with de-icing equipment, and get above it, then you don't have a lot of other options other than to fly through it,” Bosquet said.
“So, if you're at the freezing level, and it was pretty close on Monday ... and it was misting and kind of wet and rainy, those aren't great plane conditions.”
With no de-icing equipment, a single-engine plane would have two options: fly above the weather, or drop down to a low enough altitude for the ice to melt.
“The problem with flying a single-engine piston aircraft in the mountains is that you cannot descend to get rid of ice because you have the terrain beneath, and you can't climb because ice disrupts the airflow over the wings, and produces less lift,” Bousquet said.
Because of the terrain and “desolate wilderness” surrounding the Truckee-Tahoe Airport, Bousquet creates his own flight plans that give him as many landing options as possible in an emergency. In eastern Sierra County, there aren't many landing options, he said.
When flying to Petaluma, he said, there are two typical routes pilots take.
The most direct path is to Blue Canyon-Nyack Airport, just west of Truckee, and then Interstate 80 southwest before heading west to the Petaluma Airport.
Bousquet said the flight takes about an hour.
Neighbors of the Richards' said Brenda Richards, the pilot, had been flying for several years.
“She was out flying quite a bit,” Don Jereb said.
Neighbor Tom Torgeson said a pilot friend relayed that Brenda Richards is known as a good pilot who “knows mountain flying.”
So far, search efforts have included the Civil Air Patrol and multiple other agencies, including more than 60 volunteers, nine aircraft and seven vehicles.
Nine sorties had been flown by midday Thursday, with more than 3,100 aerial photographs taken of the heavily wooded snow-covered area, where the snowpack can reach about 10 feet.
“This is truly a team effort and everyone is dedicated to the same goal of finding the aircraft,” said Civil Air Patrol Lt. Col. Crystal Housman.
I received an email from a reader asking about the different finishes of MAC eyeshadows, so I thought I should write a post! Please keep in mind, like all things written in my blog, these are my opinions… Something I don't like might be something you'd love and vice versa.
Let's get started!
FROST
Frost finish eyeshadows have small shimmer particles that create a shining iridescent appearance. They can range from very metallic to minimally shiny. While frost finish eyeshadows are extremely popular, they can highlight flaws such as creases or wrinkles. They are shimmery, but not glittery. Overall I am a big fan of MAC's Frosts!
(Pictured: Satin Taupe)
LUSTRE
Lustre finish eyeshadows are the outcasts… ask any MAC die hard what to avoid and they will probably tell you Lustre eyeshadows. Typically speaking they have a very dry but shimmery texture with chunky glitter and lots of fall out.
(Pictured: Greensmoke)
MATTE
Matte eyeshadows are those without any shimmer/sheen/glitter. They have flat color with varying degrees of opacity. MAC's Mattes are known for their finicky nature. Most of the permanent Matte eyeshadows are good qualilty while a majority of the limited edition ones released are dry and not worth purchasing.
(Pictured: Omega)
MATTE²
Pronounced Matte squared — most people either love em or hate em. They are like regular Matte eyeshadows in that they have zero shimmer/sheen/glitter but they have a buttery texture with amazing payoff. The one downside is that I find them more difficult to blend.
(Pictured: Handwritten)
SATIN
MAC's Satin eyeshadows vary in their finish. Some appear completely matte (Brun) while a few are super frosty (Shroom). The majority have a very subtle sheen or demi-matte appearance. Overall I like Satin finish eyeshadows a lot because they are in that happy middle ground — not too matte, not too frosty.
(Pictured: Era)
VELUXE
Veluxe is a finish unique to MAC. It applies matte but with a smoother less powdery appearance. They aren't as pigmented as Matte eyeshadows… They were being discontinued earlier this year, but MAC brought them back. I'm not too sure how long they will be around.
(Pictured: Kid)
VELUXE PEARL
My favorite finish! Veluxe Pearls are like a Frost but with a more metallic, pearly shimmer. They are soooooo buttery and pigmented. As with any finish there are just a few that aren't completely up to par, but overall I think they are beautiful and worth getting your hands on!
(Pictured: Woodwinked)
VELVET
Most Velvets appear matte or demi-matte — some with a hint of sparkle (Vanilla, Texture) and others with glitter that doesn't translate to the eye (Beauty Marked, Mulch). I didn't realize how many I own and love until I wrote this post! A few have a reputation of being patchy when applied, but I would repurchase all listed below, aside from Beauty Marked.
(Pictured: Smut)
Below are all of MAC's permanent eyeshadows categorized below by finish… please let me know if I've left any out!
(*) denotes eyeshadows that I either currently own or have owned in the past and would be able to go into detail regarding their performance. Leave a comment below with any questions.
FROST
Amber Lights*
Bronze*
Cranberry*
Crystal
Electra
Goldmine
Jest*
Motif
Nylon*
Ricepaper*
Sable*
Satin Taupe*
Swish
Tilt*
Vex*
White Frost
Pink Freeze
Patina*
Humid*
Creme de Violet
Parfait Amour*
Steamy*
Paradisco
Seedy Pearl
Nocturnelle*
Phloof
Naked Lunch*
Deep Truth
Lucky Green*
LUSTRE
Greensmoke*
Retrospeck*
Honesty*
Mythology
Forgery
Sweet Lust
Swimming
Aquadisiac
Pink Venus
Idol Eyes
Filament
Gleam
Honey Lust
Tempting*
MATTE
Blackberry
Chrome Yellow
Corduroy
Espresso*
Malt*
Nehru
Omega*
Quarry
Rule
Saddle*
Swiss Chocolate*
Wedge*
Yogurt
Carbon*
Embark*
Bamboo
Charcoal Brown
Orange
Soft Brown*
Shadowy Lady
Plumage*
Gesso*
Free To Be
Passionate
MATTE2
Blanc Type*
Brown Script
Typographic
Handwritten*
Fig 1*
Copperplate*
SATIN
Arena
Brule*
Brun*
Concrete
Coquette
Cork*
Era*
Folie
Girlie
Haux
Mylar*
Mystery
Orb
Print*
Scene
Shale*
Club*
Shroom*
Soba*
Sushi Flower
Electric Eel*
Grain
VELUXE
Kid*
Brown Down*
Samoa Silk*
VELUXE PEARL
Crystal Avalanche*
Da Bling
Expensive Pink*
Plum Dressing*
Star Violet*
All That Glitters*
Dazzlelight*
Gorgeous Gold*
Sumptuous Olive*
Freshwater*
Moon's Reflection
Blue Calm
Stars ‘N' Rockets*
Satellite Dreams*
Beautiful Iris*
Woodwinked*
Coppering*
Antiqued*
Twinks*
Silver Ring
Knight Divine*
VELVET
Bitter
Contrast*
Sketch*
Vanilla*
Vapour
Trax*
Mulch*
Black Tied
Beauty Marked*
Smut*
Texture*
Whew, that was a long post! Hope it was helpful!
What is your favorite finish?
It is 4.18am. In the fireplace, where logs burned, there are now orange lumps that will soon be ash. Orion the Hunter is above the hill. Taurus, a sparkling V, is directly overhead, pointing to the Seven Sisters. Sirius, one of Orion's heel dogs, is pumping red-blue-violet, like a galactic disco ball. As the night moves on, the old dog will set into the hill.
It is 4.18am and I am awake. Such early waking is often viewed as a disorder, a glitch in the body's natural rhythm – a sign of depression or anxiety. It is true that when I wake at 4am I have a whirring mind. And, even though I am a happy person, if I lie in the dark my thoughts veer towards worry. I have found it better to get up than to lie in bed teetering on the edge of nocturnal lunacy.
If I write in these small hours, black thoughts become clear and colourful. They form themselves into words and sentences, hook one to the next – like elephants walking trunk to tail. My brain works differently at this time of night; I can only write, I cannot edit. I can only add, I cannot take away. I need my day-brain for finesse. I will work for several hours and then go back to bed.
All humans, animals, insects and birds have clocks inside, biological devices controlled by genes, proteins and molecular cascades. These inner clocks are connected to the ceaseless yet varying cycle of light and dark caused by the rotation and tilt of our planet. They drive primal physiological, neural and behavioural systems according to a roughly 24-hour cycle, otherwise known as our circadian rhythm, affecting our moods, desires, appetites, sleep patterns, and sense of the passage of time.
The Romans, Greeks and Incas woke up without iPhone alarms or digital radio clocks. Nature was their timekeeper: the rise of the sun, the dawn chorus, the needs of the field or livestock. Sundials and hourglasses recorded the passage of time until the 14th century when the first mechanical clocks were erected on churches and monasteries. By the 1800s, mechanical timepieces were widely worn on neck chains, wrists or lapels; appointments could be made and meal- or bed-times set.
Societies built around industrialisation and clock-time brought with them urgency and the concept of being ‘on time' or having ‘wasted time'. Clock-time became increasingly out of synch with natural time, yet light and dark still dictated our working day and social structures.
Then, in the late 19th century, everything changed.
Thomas A Edison's Patent Application for an incandescent light bulb, 1879 Photo courtesy National Archives
The lights got turned on.
Modern, electrical illumination revolutionised the night and, in turn, sleep. Prior to Edison, says the Virginia Tech historian A Roger Ekirch, author of At Day's Close: Night in Times Past (2005), sleep had been divided into two distinct segments, separated by a period of night-waking that lasted between one and several hours. The pattern was called segmented sleep.
Sleep patterns of the past might surprise us today. While we might think that our circadian rhythm should wake us only as the sun rises, many animals and insects do not sleep in one uninterrupted block but in chunks of several hours at a time or in two distinct segments. Ekirch believes that humans, left to sleep naturally, would not sleep in a consolidated block either.
His arguments are based on 16 years of research during which he studied hundreds of historical documents from ancient to modern times, including diaries, court records, medical books and literature. He identified countless references to ‘first' and ‘second' sleeps in English. Other languages also describe this pattern, for example, premier sommeil in French, primo sonno in Italian and primo somno in Latin. It was the ordinariness of the allusions to segmented sleeping that led Ekirch to conclude this pattern was once common, an everyday cycle of sleeping and waking.
Before electric lighting, night was associated with crime and fear – people stayed inside and went early to bed. The time of their first sleep varied with season and social class, but usually commenced a couple of hours after dusk and lasted for three or four hours until, in the middle of the night, people naturally woke up. Prior to electric lighting, wealthier households often had other forms of artificial light – for instance, gas lamps – and in turn went to bed later. Interestingly, Ekirch found less reference to segmented sleep in personal papers from such households.
For those who indulged, however, night-waking was used for activities such as reading, praying and writing, untangling dreams, talking to sleeping partners or making love. As Ekirch points out, after a hard day of labouring, people were often too tired for amorous activities at ‘first' bedtime (which might strike a chord with many busy people today) but, when they woke in the night, our ancestors were refreshed and ready for action. After various nocturnal activities, people became drowsy again and slipped into their second sleep cycle (also for three or four hours) before rising to a new day. We too can imagine, for example, going to bed at 9pm on a winter night, waking at midnight, reading and chatting until around 2am, then sleeping again until 6am.
in the dead of night, drowsy brains can conjure up new ideas from the debris of dreams and apply them to our creative pursuits
Ekirch found that references to these two sleeps had all but disappeared by the early 20th century. Electricity greatly extended light exposure, and daytime activities stretched into night; illuminated streets were safer and it became fashionable to be out socialising. Bedtimes got later and night-waking, incompatible with an extended day, was squeezed out. Ekirch believes that we lost not only night-waking, but its special qualities, too.
Night-waking, he told me, was different in nature from waking during the day, at least according to the documents he found. The third US president Thomas Jefferson, for example, read books on moral philosophy before bed so that he could ‘ruminate' over them between his two sleeps. The 17th-century English poet Francis Quarles rated darkness alongside silence as an aid to internal reflection:
Let the end of thy first sleep raise thee from thy repose: then hath thy body the best temper, then hath thy soule the least incumbrance; then no noise shall disturbe thine ear; no object shall divert thine eye.
My own night-waking confirms this difference between night- and day‑waking; my night brain definitely feels more dreamlike. When dreaming, our minds create imagery from memories, hopes and fears. And in the dead of night, drowsy brains can conjure up new ideas from the debris of dreams and apply them to our creative pursuits. In the essay ‘Sleep We Have Lost' (2001), Ekirch wrote that many had probably been immersed in dreams moments before waking up from the first of the two sleeps, ‘thereby affording fresh visions to absorb before returning to unconsciousness. Unless distracted by noise, sickness, or some other discomfort, their mood was probably relaxed and their concentration complete'.
Ekirch's ideas about segmented sleep derive from old documents and archives, but are supported by modern research. The psychiatrist Thomas Wehr of the US National Institute of Mental Health found that segmented sleep returns when artificial light disappears. During a month-long experiment in the 1990s, Wehr's subjects had access to light for 10 hours per day, as opposed to the artificially extended period of 16 hours that is now the norm. Within this natural cycle, Wehr reported, ‘sleep episodes expanded and usually divided into two symmetrical bouts, several hours in duration, with a one- to three-hour waking interval between them'.
Both Ekirch and Wehr's work continue to inform sleep research. Ekirch's ideas were the subject of a dedicated session at Sleep 2013, the annual meeting of the US Associated Professional Sleep Societies. One of the biggest implications to emerge was that the most common insomnia, ‘middle-of-the-night insomnia', is not a disorder but rather a harking back to a natural form of sleep – a shift in perception that greatly reduced my own concern about night-waking.
It is 7.04am. I have been writing for nearly three hours and I now am going back to bed for my second sleep. I will work again later in the day. It is only because of the way that I have made my life (no children, self-employed) that I can be a segmented sleeper.
But I have also had to fit my sleeping habits into periods of nine-to-five work, and the two are hardly compatible; few sounds are more dreadful than the buzz of an alarm when you have spent several hours in the night awake and have only just gone back to sleep. It is the clash between ‘natural' sleep patterns and our rigid social structures – clock-time, industrialisation, school hours, working hours – that makes segmented sleeping seem like a disorder and not a boon.
Creative people often find ways to live without the nine-to-five, either because they are successful enough with their books, art or music that they don't need a day job, or because they seek employment that allows a flexible schedule, such as freelancing.
In Daily Rituals: How Artists Work (2013), Mason Currey describes the routines of famous writers and artists, many of whom are early risers, and several segmented sleepers. Currey found that many hit on the pattern of segmented sleep by accident. The architect Frank Lloyd Wright, for instance, would wake around 4am, unable to fall back to sleep – so he would work for three or four hours, then take a nap. The Nobel Prize-winning novelist Knut Hamsun would often wake after sleeping for a couple of hours. So he kept a pencil and paper by his bed, and would, he said: ‘start writing immediately in the dark if I feel something is streaming through me.' The psychologist B F Skinner kept a clipboard, paper and pencil by his bed to work during periods of night wakefulness, and the author Marilynne Robinson regularly woke to read or write during what she called her ‘benevolent insomnia'.
Some of us are morning people, others night people – early birds or night owls. Currey says that creative people who work in the night are ‘drawing on an optimal state of mind for their work', governed by personal natural rhythms, rather than choice.
The novelist Nicholson Baker was the only person Currey encountered who had consciously decided to practise segmented sleeping. Baker is very aware of his own writing habits and routines, and likes to experiment with new writing rituals for each new book, Currey told me, so it seems appropriate that he would carve out extra productive hours by creating two mornings in one day.
Indeed, when Baker was writing what would become A Box of Matches (2003), a novel about a writer who gets up around 4am, lights a fire and writes while his family sleeps, Baker himself practised this ritual, then went back to bed for a second sleep.
‘I found that starting and nurturing this tiny early flame helped me to concentrate,' Baker told The Paris Review. ‘There's something simple and pleasantly meditative about building a fire at four in the morning. I started writing disconnected passages, and the writing came easily.'
It is this dreamy flow that seems to characterise creative work undertaken in the middle of the night. Between sleeps, there is the stillness, the lack of distraction and perhaps a stronger connection to our dreams.
Blissfully zonked out by prolactin, our night brains allow ideas to emerge and intertwine as they might in a dream
Night also triggers hormonal changes in our brains that suit creativity. Wehr has noted that, during night-waking, the pituitary gland excretes high levels of prolactin. This is the hormone associated with sensations of peace and with the dreamlike hallucinations we sometimes experience as we fall asleep, or upon waking. It is produced when we feel sexual satisfaction, when nursing mothers lactate, and it causes hens to sit on their eggs for long periods. It alters our state of mind.
Prolactin levels are known to increase during sleep, but Wehr found that (along with melatonin and cortisol) it continues to be produced during periods of ‘quiet wakefulness' between sleeps, triggered by the natural cycles of light and dark, not tied to sleep per se. Blissfully zonked out by prolactin, our night brains allow ideas to emerge and intertwine as they might in a dream.
Wehr suggests that not only have modern routines altered our sleeping patterns, they have also robbed us of this ancient connection between our dreams and waking life, and ‘might provide a physiological explanation for the observation that modern humans seem to have lost touch with the wellspring of myths and fantasies'.
Ekirch agrees: ‘By turning night into day, modern technology has obstructed our oldest avenue to the human psyche, making us, to invoke the words of the 17th-century English playwright Thomas Middleton, “disannulled of our first sleep, and cheated of our dreams and fantasies”.'
Modern technology might have muddied the channels that connect us to our dreams and encouraged routines that are out of synch with our natural patterns, yet it can also lead us back. The industrial revolution flooded us with light, but the digital revolution might turn out to be far more sympathetic to the segmented sleeper.
Technology fuels the invention of new ways of organising our time. Home working, freelancing and flexitime are increasingly common, as are concepts such as the digital nomad and the online or remote worker – all of whom might adopt a less rigid routine, one that allows night-wakers to find a more harmonious balance between segmented sleeping and work commitments. If we can make time to wake in the night and ruminate with our prolactin-sloshed brains, we may also reconnect to the creativity and fantasies our forebears enjoyed when, as Ekirch notes, they ‘stirred from their first sleep to ponder a kaleidoscope of partially crystallised images, slightly blurred but otherwise vivid tableaus born of their dreams'.
