Earlier this year I wrote about the willingness of the news media to highlight claims of civilian casualties caused by coalition forces operating in Iraq and Syria, but their apparent unwillingness to critically examine their sources or to follow up when their claims have been denied, dismissed or proven wrong by the coalition. Of course, errors happen in war and civilians are killed. But some groups and individuals also claim civilians have been killed when they don't know the facts. And in other cases they use the media to promote claims they know to be false.
This issue has been the subject of some heated discussion in Foreign Policy. Airwars, a site that investigates and reports on alleged civilian casualties, published a scathing article criticising US acceptance of, and attitudes to, civilian casualties. In response, the commander of the Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve Stephen Townsend took to Foreign Policy to criticise advocacy groups and the media for a lack of intellectual rigour in assessing their sources before making claims of civilian casualties. He noted that, of the 270 allegations made by Airwars that had been assessed, 258 (more than 95%) had been found to be non-credible.
The accuracy of sources is always incredibly difficult to determine in a conflict zone, and the coalition has the advantage of a range of intelligence products it can use to evaluate the appropriateness of the targeting and accuracy of civilian casualty claims. Advocacy groups, by contrast, normally rely on sourcing from other advocacy groups who may speak to people who claim to be witnesses. However, these groups may also have ideological biases that get in the way of due diligence or validation of reporting. They could even fabricate claims. The media needs to engage with such issues, and a laser-like focus on the strength of sources is the starting point.
By way of example, a group called Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently (RBSS) is often quoted in the media, and has won media awards for its citizen-journalism. But while it has certainly done some good reporting on ISIS-related issues it also has an obvious anti-Kurdish, anti-coalition (and some may argue pro-Islamist) bias. Even a quick examination of its website is revealing:
The western hostile (sic) of Muslims is no longer a secret, both left and right movements now share this...
the International Coalition warplanes have targeted Tabqa city with more than 25 raids led to the destruction of the only bakery in the city along with Maysaloon School and the field hospital not to mention targeting the residential areas of the city. Activists from Raqqa have...called it the 'Killer Coalition.'
Civilians are now between the criminal terrorists from a side and the International Coalition's indiscriminate bombing from the other side. Liberating does not come by burning it and destroying it over its people...the International Coalition last campaign comes to add more killing to the endless death sequence.
An organisation that promotes such points of view may have some deficiencies as an objective source of information concerning coalition military action. Yet many media reports and other advocates base their assessments on the group's claims.
A Coalition spokesperson said 'all serious media' should not amplify claims without vetting sources and noted the Coalition held itself accountable through an 'an open and transparent process' to assess civilian casualties: 'Most of our critics do not conduct such detailed assessments and often rely on scant information, which frequently comes from single unreliable sources.The media has already vetted the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and it has been found wanting.'
While news media persist in reporting unverified claims of civilian casualties, they are far less inclined to report the results of subsequent investigations. For example, one investigation into the bombing of a building in a mosque complex refuted civilian casualty claims. Another investigation into the targeting of a school at Maysaloun in Syria concluded there was insufficient evidence to back reports civilians were injured.
Given the low credibility of claims by some advocacy groups, and the refutations supplied by coalition authorities with access to a wider range of sources, it is strange that news media has spent so much time reporting casualty claims later found to be spurious but paid such little attention to the sources of these claims.
The ABC has repeatedly cited Airwars and RBSS. These two groups are presented as authoritative sources, but I would argue they lack both objectivity and - because they don't have access to intelligence used by coalition in the targeting and evaluation process - methodological rigour. A news story that critically examined the methodology and ideological orientation of activist media sources, and the way in which they seek to use news organisations to achieve profile or policy outcomes, would make for an interesting report. But such a story would require reporters to critically examine their own assumptions, and this isn't something the media has been keen to do.
Rodger Shanahan
Dale Earnhardt Jr., and longtime girlfriend Amy Reimann celebrated New Year's Eve with a star-studded wedding.
Some of the biggest names in NASCAR joined them for the celebration.
Kyle Busch seemed to have a great time.
We have fun together 😍 pic.twitter.com/rNdjiVIbHA — Samantha Busch (@SamanthaBusch) January 1, 2017
Danica Patrick was there too, and yeah, she caught the bouquet.
On Sunday, the happily married couple took to social media and shared photos from their wedding.
Happily married!!! What an amazing experience. Looking forward to the rest of our lives @Amy_Reimann. #honeymooners pic.twitter.com/jepHaBiOGA — Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) January 1, 2017
@dalejr and I are beginning 2017 as Mr. & Mrs.! Thank you for loving me and making me your wife. My heart is truly… twitter.com/i/web/status/8…—
Amy Earnhardt (@Amy_Reimann) January 01, 2017
Congratulations to them both.
Facebook
Twitter
SHARON—The oldest parish site in the Atlanta Archdiocese is undergoing a preservation effort with the hope of drawing people to what its supporters call “the cradle of Catholic Georgia.”
Built in 1883, the wood-frame Church of the Purification, located some 100 miles east of Atlanta, is the focus of a conservation campaign. The Friends of Purification group began in 2012 to promote the history of the site, which dates back to 1790, and to raise restoration funds for its fragile 19th century church building. The effort made headlines when The Georgia Trust for Historic Preservation named Purification Church to its 2014 list of “Places in Peril,” recognizing its historic significance that was at risk.
Bill deGolian, a leader with the effort, said time is critical to shore up the building.
“It is important to start the restorations now because the rate of deterioration of the building has accelerated over the last couple of years and we want our supporters to see some results from their financial contributions. Archbishop Gregory's presence was a huge plus. The archdiocese is giving its full support to this undertaking. But needless to say, we are excited to stabilize it and get it back into use,” said deGolian.
On Thursday, May 5, Archbishop Wilton D. Gregory joined about 60 others at a groundbreaking. During the ceremony, the archbishop prayed for the safety of the workers doing the effort. He reminded the crowd of the Book of Psalms' wisdom that unless a structure is built by the Lord, the effort is in vain.
The next step to save the church is about to get underway. The first project is to shore up the building's foundation. Preservationists also will be replacing the roof and repairing the damaged bell tower. The original double-hung wood windows will be restored to working order. The electrical and mechanical systems will also be upgraded as appropriate.
The $200,000 restoration work is to be done by general contractors R.W. Allen Co. The two-month project was to begin May 9, said deGolian.
The goal is to restore the historic building to its 1883 appearance. It serves as a station church of St. Joseph Church, in Washington, but supporters want to upgrade it so it can be used for liturgical services. The longer-term goal is to develop the Church of the Purification into a heritage destination and retreat center.
Another goal is to develop an educational component for Catholic schools, encouraging students to visit and see their faith's Georgia roots, he said.
Catholicism planted in Georgia
The first Church of the Purification served English Catholics from Baltimore who arrived in what is now Taliaferro County to establish a farming community. The community came to be known as Locust Grove. The original 1790 church was a simple log cabin building. A cemetery next to it was started in 1794.
The next wave was French Catholics fleeing the revolution in their country, followed by Irish Catholics. Between 1818 and 1821, the Sisters of St. Joseph, a French order, arrived and established the first Catholic school in Georgia, chartered as Locust Grove Academy. Three governors of Georgia were educated there. In 1821, the original church was replaced by a larger structure. Locust Grove in the 1840s was the center of Catholic life in Georgia.
But that changed within a generation, as the railroad altered the community. A railroad line to the west made Sharon more attractive. Settlers selected that community and Locust Grove shrunk. In 1877, the Church of the Purification relocated to Sharon. The wood frame church was dismantled for the move. The current church was built in 1883.
The white-gray skies beyond Manhattan Beach's 14th Street volleyball courts blur into the Pacific, deceiving the eye and erasing the surfers paddling out to catch waves. It's hazy, humid and too cold for this time of year. June gloom, as they call it in Los Angeles, upbeat SoCal singsong for "Where the hell is summer?" But if June brings the gloom this too-early Monday morning, Kerri Walsh Jennings arrives with the sunshine.
"Good morning, beautiful people," says the five-time Olympian. She drops a bag of volleyballs onto the sand and hugs her coaches and new teammate, Nicole Branagh. Despite the chill in the air, she zips off her hoodie and jogs toward the water, her tight blonde braid whipping from shoulder to shoulder. Twenty feet from the surf, she stops, plants her bare feet in the sand and begins a balletic routine of stretches and breathing, centering herself before returning to the bustle of the court.
For the past nine years, Walsh Jennings has come to this place to hone her body and her game in preparation for her sport's quadrennial peak at the Summer Olympics. Here, she finds comfort in consistency and routine. There's the same baby blue lifeguard tower, the same southerly view of Manhattan Beach pier, the same steep stone stairs that mark the beginning and end of each workout.
But the thing is, had last August gone to plan, had Walsh Jennings and her then-partner, April Ross, left Rio de Janeiro with gold medals, she might not be here this morning, chasing a fourth Olympic gold and fighting for the future of the sport that's made her an international star.
"Had April and I won in Rio, it would have been easier to say I'm done, go out on top, fairytale ending like Peyton Manning, or Kobe with the 60-point game," Walsh Jennings, 38, says. "I believe in happy endings. I believe I'm going to have that happy ending. That's my mission for the next four years, to dominate on the court and to help the world realize how amazing our sport is so they'll get behind us and help us to grow."
But after a public split in May with Ross and the Association of Volleyball Professionals, the 34-year-old U.S. domestic tour where she built a career, it's understandable if Walsh Jennings feels instead as if it's her against the world.
The most recent chapter of Walsh Jennings' career began with a whisper. Moments after she and longtime partner Misty May-Treanor, who was set to retire, won their third gold medal at the 2012 London Games, Walsh Jennings gave a conciliatory hug to her opponent, April Ross. In an unplanned moment that held promise to become legendary in its foresight, she whispered in Ross' ear, "Now, let's go win gold in Rio."
The next four years are as well documented as any in Walsh Jennings' career: She gave birth to her third child, daughter Scout, (Walsh Jennings was five weeks pregnant during her gold-medal match in London); made a move from the left to the right side of the court to accommodate her new partnership with Ross; had a fifth surgery to repair her right shoulder after tearing the labrum from the bone; then had the first Olympic loss of her beach volleyball career in Brazil in 2016.
"We were capable of winning gold and we knew we could," Ross says nearly 10 months later. "But we never blamed each other for anything." Instead, less than 24 hours after their semifinal defeat to Agatha Bednarczuk and Barbara Seixas of Brazil, the teammates regrouped, refocused and defeated Brazilians Larissa Franca and Talita Antunes to win bronze.
One week later, they capitalized on the momentum of that match to dominate the World Series of Beach Volleyball in Long Beach, California, and win their fifth international title of 2016. Until that point, Walsh Jennings hadn't been ready to commit to another four-year cycle, but she also wasn't prepared to call it a career. "It had always been in my plans to go to Tokyo, but Kerri didn't know if she would retire or keep playing," Ross says. "I wanted to go to Tokyo together. We still had a lot of potential."
In Long Beach, with her Olympic heartbreak beginning to mend, Walsh Jennings started visualizing herself competing in 2020 and picking up the fourth gold medal she left lying on Copacabana Beach. "I had to take a moment after Rio," Walsh Jennings says. "I'm a mother to three beautiful kids. I'm a wife. My journey is not all about me. I still want to chase these big, beautiful dreams. But I need to do so being mindful of my tribe. That's why the pause was necessary."
The first year in any Olympic cycle is meant to be a reset, a slow jog at the beginning of a 48-month ramp-up to the Games. For Walsh Jennings, it also has become a time to recover from the hangover that inevitably sets in once the intensity of the Olympics wears off. "It can't be gangbusters for four years straight," she says.
But as the teammates were deciding their long-term future together, players began negotiating a new four-year deal with the AVP. Ownership knew negotiations could become tenuous, as several players had expressed concern that the tour's prize money and number of annual events weren't growing at a rate that justified pledging exclusivity to the AVP, as they had been asked to do in 2013.
There were other concerns, too, and one week after their Long Beach win, Walsh Jennings made some of those grievances public when she wrote a 950-word Facebook post informing fans that she and her husband, Casey Jennings, a longtime player on the AVP, had decided to boycott the tour's Chicago Championships in September because of the way in which two experimental rule changes -- that a team must be serving to win a match point and that a serve that hits the net and lands inbounds will be served again instead of winning a point for the serving team -- were being implemented at the event.
"I am not a fan of either of the rule changes, but that is not why I am sitting out," Walsh Jennings wrote in the post. "I am BOYCOTTING because of the fact that the AVP ownership decided to change the rules of the game WITHOUT honestly or meaningfully discussing it with the Player Committee or the athletes on tour ... In my opinion, this is utterly disrespectful of each and every athlete who virtually pays to work for the sport we all love and it is utterly disrespectful to the game itself ... The sport is strong. In order for the AVP to build upon this momentum and grow successfully, it is imperative that the players and management are on the same page."
The post was shared nearly 1,000 times and drew headlines in the days leading up to the tournament, threatening both her future with the tour and her partnership with Ross. "In our sport, the athletes have very little say, so we use the media, hopefully professionally and respectfully," Walsh Jennings says.
The AVP stood by its rule changes and, in a statement, president Donald Sun said that while the tour has "nothing but the utmost respect for Kerri as a person and a world class athlete," the tour is a "relatively young, evolving business" that "must continue to be nimble and evaluate ways to improve our game for fans and the brands and networks that support us and our players."
Knowing fans would turn out in Chicago to see Ross and Walsh Jennings play and not wanting to disappoint them, Ross chose to play in the tournament. She partnered with first-year AVP player Kelly Reeves and finished seventh. "I felt like I could support my decision while supporting and respecting [Walsh Jennings'] decision, but she felt a wedge was coming between us," Ross says. "As the AVP stuff got heated, the wedge grew and grew and it drove us apart."
IT'S MID-AFTERNOON in mid-June and Walsh Jennings is kneeling in the turf behind her Manhattan Beach home, a bucket of chalk by her knees. "I'm going to draw a picture of Scouty girl," she says to her youngest, who's now 4. She pulls a piece of pink chalk from the bucket and begins to draw on the short concrete wall that borders the family's backyard. "Pink eyes. Cute nose. Big smile." Nearby, sons Joey, 7, and Sundance, 5, work on a drawing of a snake with dad. Volleyballs and baseballs freckle the faux grass. A blue tarp is folded in the corner of the lot, remnants of a recent backyard campout.
When the Jennings designed this house, they opted for a narrower frame in exchange for a larger backyard. Five months ago, it is here that they began hosting weekly meetings to help players stay informed during negotiations with the AVP. "The goal of every meeting was to give information," Walsh Jennings says. "We focused on the top players because we wanted the influencers. The first meeting was huge. I invited the AVP, [World Series of Beach Volleyball founder] Leonard Armato and the chair of the board of USA Volleyball to come and lay out their plans and vision for the sport. I wanted to see a growth plan for the next four years." (USA Volleyball declined to comment for the story.)
It had been four years since Donald Sun, a former tech company exec and high school volleyball player, purchased the AVP out of bankruptcy for a reported $2 million and promised to do what former ownership was unable to do: keep the tour afloat and help to grow the sport domestically. In 2009, one year before the AVP filed for bankruptcy for the second time in 30 years, the tour featured more than $4.5 million in prize money. In the four years since Sun bought the AVP, it had expanded from two events to eight and annual prize money had increased to $1.2 million, which the players deemed insufficient to demand exclusivity.
"My goal is to fight for the players to have opportunities to play on the off weekends," Walsh Jennings says. "If the AVP is not playing on a weekend in July, let the athletes play on the NVL. One of the worst things about volleyball for the past 30 years is that everyone wants to hoard over their little fiefdom."
“It's not sustainable. I want our sport to be professional, and right now it's a hobby.” Kerri Walsh Jennings
Players wanted the opportunity to compete domestically in other events, including on the six-year-old National Volleyball League, which was formed in 2010 by former player Albert Hannemann. Few players in the U.S. have the means to compete internationally, so the NVL, which has been largely considered the minor leagues to the AVP, represents their only other real opportunity to make money.
Players made the same argument during negotiations in 2013, but most acquiesced and signed the contracts. And although the AVP granted dispensation, or exemption from the rule, for players to compete in FIVB (International Volleyball Federation, the sport's world governing body) events, including the World Series of Beach Volleyball, the same consideration was not extended to the NVL. Over the next few years, several players, including Chara Harris, Brooke Niles and Travis Schooner, were banned by the AVP for playing in NVL events.
"The athletes were unhappy with the AVP, but they were so afraid to seem ungrateful. And I fully appreciate that," Walsh Jennings says. "I am so grateful for the opportunities in my sport. However, unless you push for more and better, the status quo is going to be the same and the status quo right now is unsustainable. The lifestyle is beautiful, but you're living on the couch. You cannot make a living playing on the AVP."
Kandi Burruss of Real Housewives of Atlanta and actress Sanaa Lathan joined Andy Cohen for Watch What Happens Live.
Kandi admitted that Don Juan's favorite movie is Love and Basketball, starring Sanaa, but she didn't bring him along. Andy commented that he was at home, working on the Kandi Coated plantation, referring to Johnnie Winston. He appeared on tonight's RHOA episode and is now suing Kandi.
Kandi gasped.
“Don't you even. I cannot believe he tried that. I just couldn't believe he said that. Like he came up with the idea for my restaurant. You all do realize the restaurant is called the Old Lady Gang after my aunts, so is he going to have my mom and my aunts as his restaurant?”
Andy showed a clip of Johnnie talking with a lawyer and Phaedra Parks. He also claimed “A Mother's Love” was his idea.
“A Mother's Love is about my family…the songs are related to the show. Did he make up my life, too?”
Kandi said she didn't realize Phaedra had been mixed up in the business with Johnnie until she saw the episode of him showing up at Phaedra's office, asking for advice.
“And that's what I'm saying. There's so much that's been going on that I found out later, and it's so crazy…but you guys will see, I asked her about it. And she denied like, really having anything to do with Johnnie's lawsuit… That girl is so shady.”
On a sneak peek of next week's show, Apollo's fiancée, Sherien Almufti, shows up. By Bravo happenstance, Apollo calls while everyone is gathered at Kandi's new restaurant. Kandi tells Apollo that she feels odd hosting his new girl. Apollo admits that he and Phaedra aren't yet divorced, which contradicts Phaedra's claims.
A caller asked if Kandi would ever be friends with Phaedra. Kandi gave a side-eye and shook her head.
Another viewer wanted Kandi's take on what happened between Sheree and Bob Whitfield in Hawaii.
“I was extremely surprised. I knew Bob a long time ago, before I knew Sheree. And he was always really nice and funny, so I did not know this side of him. And I've never seen Sheree be emotional before. Those two things made me be like, wow. I was not expecting that from this trip.”
Kandi addressed the rumors that her husband, Todd, had been in New York using the name “Marvin” to pick up women.
“I know where they came from now, so I can't really say what I thought before.”
Andy chimed in, “We had a dramatic reunion. That's the answer.”
A fan wondered if Kim Zolciak-Biermann apologized, would Kandi collaborate with her again.
“I don't think we should work together anymore. We actually have a moment in the finale. We talk briefly. I feel like we could be friends again one day, but not work together.”
So, are you waiting for this reunion to kick off? I have a feeling Kandi will be getting a lot off her chest.
“Like” us on Facebook “Follow” on Instagram
With current operating systems, as the number of cores increases efficiency decreases. Microsoft Research has just announced an experimental OS, called Barrelfish, that they're developing in conjunction with ETH Zurich, in the hopes that they'll learn how to buck that trend -- both with current and future hardware. Building upon lessons learned with projects including Midori and Singularity , Barrelfish eschews share memory schemes in favor of message passing and a kind of database that shuttles information between cores. Heady stuff, for sure -- but just the kind of thing that sets off our Geek Alarms. If you can't wait to check this one out for yourself, hit the read link for the first release snapshot, in all its Open Source glory. The rest of us will probably remain content waiting to see how this new-found knowledge will trickle down to Windows 7 users in the future.[Via DailyTech
Hillary Clinton savaged rival Donald Trump for his weeklong spat with a former beauty pageant contestant, telling an audience in Coral Springs, Florida, that his early-morning rant on Twitter should worry voters.
Trump blasted off a series of tweets about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, suggesting she had a sex tape and became a citizen only with Clinton's help. He also called Machado “disgusting” in a series of online messages sent at 3:20 a.m., 5:14 a.m., 5:19 a.m., and 5:30 a.m. The bizarre detour from the presidential campaign toward a beauty queen's past was plum for Clinton's mockery.
“I mean, really? Who gets up at 3 in the morning to engage in a Twitter attack against the former Miss Universe? I mean, he hurled as many insults as he could. Really. Why does she do things like that?” Clinton said.
From the crowd, someone shouted that Trump is “an idiot.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Clinton pushed forward. “His latest Twitter meltdown is unhinged, even for him. It proves yet again that he is temperamentally unfit to be President and Commander in Chief,” she said. “I have said it before and I'll say it again: A man who can be provoked by a tweet should never be anywhere near the nuclear codes.”
It's yet another example of Clinton getting more comfortable going after Trump on his own terms. The tactic has gotten under Trump's skin—making him all the more unpredictable. With just 39 days before Election Day—and early voting underway in some places—provoking Trump into another blunder might be good politics for Clinton.
Trump earlier in the day responded to Clinton's criticism. “For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!” Trump tweeted.
Clinton seemed to be enjoying it. Pointing to ally Mark Cuban, she tweaked Trump. “By the way, he's a real billionaire,” she said of the Dallas Mavericks owner.
She also hit her opponent on his trip to Mexico, a frequent target of Trump's rallies. “My opponent's only infrastructure plan is to build a wall. I loved that he went down to Mexico and he choked,” she said, borrowing one of Trump's favorite insults, “choke artist.”
She then mocked Trump's foreign policy. “He has this weird fascination with dictators. He signed up for the Vladimir Putin wish-list,” Clinton said.
Clinton then nodded to the tight race, especially in Florida where she was speaking. She urged her supporters to talk to their neighbors about the stakes of the election.
“If they're seriously thinking about voting for my opponent, stage an intervention. Really,” she said. “Friends don't let friends vote for Trump.”
Write to Philip Elliott at philip.elliott@time.com.
A billboard campaign by a church group and a local politician in Chiapas state is calling for Bible based law in Mexico – attacking abortion, gay marriage and the legalization of marijuana
A Mexican Christian church and local mayor have paid for a billboard campaign calling for biblical based laws as the country slowly moves state by state to legalize same-sex marriage and reappraise the approach it has taken in its drug war that has killed thousands.
‘No to the legalization of initiatives that are contrary to the commandments of God – abortion, gay marriage, legalization of marijuana etc,' the billboard reads.
‘The wages of sin are death,' quoting Romans 6:23.
The billboard appeared in Tuxtla Gutierrez, the capital of Chiapas state in South East Mexico and images of it began to spread of social media earlier this month.
One of the logos on the billboard is of Chilo mayor Leonardo Rafael Aguilar Guiraro's Chiapas Green Foundation and the billboard also bears the website address of the Espiranza Segura Jesus Christ church headed by Pastor Joshua Perez.
Discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation is banned in Mexico and there have been calls for the billboard to be removed.
The legislation covers ‘offending, ridiculing or promoting violence through messages and images displayed in communications media,' and ‘incitement to hatred, violence, rejection, ridicule, defamation, slander, persecution or exclusion.'
8-Bit Scheme: A Revisionist History
In The Nostalgia Trap I wrote, "I was in contact with a hundred or more designers of 8-bit computer games, and I learned their stories." Those stories were fantastically interesting, but most of them were only incidentally about programming. The programming side usually went like this:
Early home computers were magic, and upon seeing one there was a strong desire to learn how to control it and create experiences from moving graphics and sound. At power-up there was the prompt from a BASIC interpreter, and there was a BASIC reference manual in the box, so that was the place to start.
Later there was serendipitous exposure to some fast and impressive game that was far beyond the animated character graphics or slow line-drawing of BASIC, and that led to the discovery of assembly language and the freedom to exploit the hardware that came with it. It was suitably clunky to be writing a seven instruction sequence to do 16-bit addition and remembering that "branch on carry set" could be thought of as "branch on unsigned greater or equal to." The people with prior programming experience, the ones who already knew C or Algol or Scheme, they may have been dismayed at the primitive nature of it all, but really it came down to "you do what you have to do." The goal was never to describe algorithms in a concise and expressive manner, but to get something interactive and wonderful up on the screen.
Now imagine if an Atari 800 or Commodore 64 shipped with a CPU designed to natively run a high-level language like Scheme. That's not completely outrageous; Scheme chips were being developed at MIT in the late 1970s.
My suspicion is that Scheme would have been learned by budding game designers without a second thought. Which language it was didn't matter nearly so much as having a language that was clearly the right choice for the system. All the quirks and techniques of Scheme would have been absorbed and worked around as necessary.
It's not so simple with today's abundance of options, none of which is perfect. Haskell is beautiful, but it looks difficult to reason about the memory usage of Haskell code. Erlang has unappealing syntax. Python is inconsistently object-oriented. Lisp is too bulky--Scheme too minimalist. All of these ring more of superficiality than the voice of experience. Yet those criticisms are preventing the deep dive needed to get in there and find out how a language holds up for a real project.
What if you had to use Scheme? Or Haskell? Or Erlang? You might slog it out and gain a new appreciation for the mundane, predictable nature of C. Or you might find out that once you've worked through a handful of tricky bits, there are great advantages in working with a language that's more pleasant and reliable. Either way, you will have learned something.
(If you liked this, you might enjoy Five Memorable Books About Programming.)
permalink August 4, 2011
previously
Sporting Kansas City Manager Peter Vermes
On the Houston Dynamo…
They're a solid team. They should be praised for coming in and beating us at home.
On Sporting Kansas City's season…
We've come a long way. There's no doubt about it. Losing never sits well but we gained a lot of experience and it will pay dividends as we move forward.
On the atmosphere…
I think it can be called one of the greatest nights in franchise history. We've come a long way in every facet of the game. Great organizations and ownership group, incredible fans, fantastic stadium… we have a lot to be proud of. We did a great job.
Thoughts on the match…
Very disappointed in the result especially for the organization and the fans. What a great turn out tonight. We did everything to get ourselves in this position but maybe just a little bit too young still with the group that we have. But I think all in all a great season to be proud of for the guys to come as far as they have. There is no doubt the experiences that we've gained this year will be beneficial in years to come.
On how optimistic he is for the future…
There are a lot of guys that have matured and have had great seasons. As I have said, we have not only found good solid nucleus of players here but also we have created a bit of a culture here with Sporting and the turn out tonight was absolutely incredible.
We have grown a lot as a team and I am sure that there are some bigger and better days for this group of guys because they are a solid group and can definitely play the game.
On the performance of the Houston Dynamo…
My hat goes off to Houston. Dominic [Kinnear] is a good friend of mine, he is a very good coach. Their team got hot toward the end of the season here and they continue to be that. They are going to be a hard team to reckon with. They are very solid right now defensively. They are good on set pieces as you saw tonight and I wish them all the best in the final.
On the flow of the match…
I think in the first half we got too much into this run-and-gun game. We wanted to play a little bit more disciplined in our game and recognize the moments when we could go and counter and recognize the moments when we needed to build the game up a little bit and keep possession. I thought we were just too direct in the first half. To start the second half, I thought actually we did a good job.
On the injury to Brad Davis…
Brad's a great player. There is no doubt he would have probably added something else to the game, but at this stage everybody has a pretty deep team. You know what the rules and responsibilities of not only your players are but what your team is so I think for them it was just bringing on another guy and readjusting them. Hopefully he gets better for the final.
On trying to break down the Dynamo…
I think they packed numbers in the box. That's really what they did. They rarely left themselves exposed for the counter. They never really got too stretched out and I think if we had been a little more discipline in our play to allow them to come we would have had more space to play in behind them.
On using Omar Bravo as a substitute…
Every guy wants to play. We have different choices for why we put guys in. You know Omar at the end of the day, he is a competitor like any other player. Guys always tell you they're 100 percent, but when you can't play the last two games in a short spell its not the easiest of decisions to throw a guy on and your not sure how, he's going to go. So, could I have? Sure. But I think in the end the guys that were out there did a good job. Today Houston was a better team.
On where they fell short tonight…
I think the tempo of the game, keeping the tempo of the game. I think we got stretched out a little bit in the first half. By stretched out, what I mean is that every time we got the ball we were going straight at them and there wasn't much combination play to get there. We were just going, going, going. You have to have a rhythm to that. I thought we got caught up because of the fans, the stadium, at home, all of that. The second half, we got better but once they scored then the game really changed.
On what comes next as Sporting Kansas City look toward the offseason…
We have a lot of work to do in the off-season. It starts right away. We have the expansion draft. We have a few contracts here and there, we got new players to add, maybe some players to go. Its all those decisions to make that you have to make at the end of the year.
On the impact of the fans and LIVESTRONG Sporting Park…
It is evident when you are out there and the place is full, record attendance, standing room only. The place is absolutely made with excitement and passion. It is a tremendous feeling not only as a player but for anyone in this organization. When I am out there, I get goose bumps. I would love it if I was still able to put on a jersey and get on the field. I think you could run for 90 minutes and not get tired based on the energy that's in the stadium. There is no doubt that this stadium and the fans have been the 12 th man this year. They have been huge for us and they helped us through some hard times and we have shown a lot of times some very entertaining soccer here. And I think we will continue to do that based on the energy that is in this stadium.
On the most disappointing part of the loss…
When you set yourself as well as we did. It wasn't easy beating Colorado, that's for sure and then having home field advantage and not being able to do this at our park. That is disappointing not being able to take advantage of it. Sports franchises always have opportunities to learn lessons from things that they do and this team has done that all season long and has really gotten better from it and I think that you'll see us moving forward in a positive way next year.
Sporting Kansas City Defender Davy Arnaud
On the Houston Dynamo…
They're a good team. They've won championships. It's unfortunate because it was a great night. The fans were amazing. We had a great opportunity here at home. That's the game though. We're not going to hang our heads. They're on a good run here. Since they lost here in September, they haven't lost a game. You have to give it to them. They had a good game and scored off a set piece. That's it.
On Sporting Kansas City's performance…
Physically we didn't leave anything out. We left everything on the field. We played with our hearts. It's just soccer. Sometimes the ball isn't going to go in for you.
On the fans…
It's going to hurt tonight but we will look back on tonight fondly. The fans were great. There's such a buzz in this city because of them. We thank them a lot and look forward to seeing them next year.
On the season…
The turnaround that we made, from being in last place to first and being in the conference final, was phenomenal. The MLS Cup would have topped it all off but we had a great run.
Sporting Kansas City Defender Matt Besler
On the outcome…
We're disappointed because it could have been something special with the crowd and being at home. That's the unfortunate part about it. We were two teams that were playing really well. They had a couple good plays tonight. I don't have a lot to say about where it went wrong because it's tough right now to talk about it. I congratulate Houston and say thanks to the fans and the owners for giving us the stadium. It was a great atmosphere and it's a shame we couldn't get the win.
On the team's performance…
It wasn't our night. I think anyone who watched the game could tell that the balls weren't bouncing our way. Houston made it tough and played very well defensively. We needed to close up the passing.
Sporting Kansas City Goalkeeper Jimmy Nielsen
On the end of the season…
I'm very disappointed. Normally the defeats are worst the day after the game. It will be a couple days before I can look back fondly. We didn't really play the way we wanted. We were pumping balls up in the air the whole time. We didn't play the ball on the ground like we usually do. At halftime we talked about it but then they came back and scored. Today we weren't good enough to create those chances and score.
On moving forward…
This team has a bright future. There is a lot of talent in this team. I think the next couple of the years will be very good years for Sporting Kansas City. Hopefully we can keep this squad together. I want to be here and be a part of the future.
On the defeat…
I am so disappointed we aren't going to the MLS Cup. It's unbelievable to play here. The fans give us so much and are behind us 100%. Right now I feel more sorry for the fans than I do for myself.
Sporting Kansas City Forward Kei Kamara
On the game…
Like we always expect when we are playing a team like Houston - physical. The stadium is amazing. So many people came out and showed us so much love. We played hard, we definitely were going to play, we weren't going to sit back or anything like that. They got the goal that counts, that one goal to make them become Eastern Conference Champions, but we played well all year. From where we came from to be in this position right now, we can't put our heads down.
On the set piece…
I was marking Andre Hainault, the ball went to the far post. He just kept making his run standing on the goal line. I was standing a couple feet away from him and the ball was knocked back across the box so he got his feet on it. Its part of the game. You have to pound on people's mistakes. Sometimes it's the things you focus on so much and that's where you mess up. Coming into this game we focused on set pieces, they focused on set pieces. Any team going to play against us or them, when you focus on set pieces so much, you are going to make one simple mistake and that's what is going to get you.
On the team being held scoreless…
When we went a goal down, there was a moment when we were just trying to lump it in the box because we wanted to get the goal back. But, then we tried to calm ourselves down and play a little bit, but it didn't click. It was one of those days. You know you wish things could have been better, it didn't turn out right for us but I would like to say kudos to all my teammates and all the fans that came out there. It has been great all year and it was great today and good luck to Houston.
Houston Dynamo Manager Dominic Kinnear
Thoughts on the match…
It's something to be very proud of. Brad (Davis) going down just before halftime was a bit of a blow, I thought we were playing pretty good. All in all, to get that first goal, it gave us a ton of confidence, we could've scored a second right after that. I'm obviously happy, happy for the guys first and foremost. I think three months ago a lot of people didn't really take us seriously. This is definitely a big statement to everyone that did, but things can happen when things go well for you.
I thought we played well in the first half. I thought we had some chances, and in defense we didn't give up much. I just wanted to make sure our set pieces were correct because Kansas City is a good threat on set pieces and just told guys to keep going. I thought it was a great goal, could've had a second after that. Defensively, I thought we were pretty sharp all night long.
On Brad Davis injury…
It's a huge blow, he's a big part of what we do on set pieces and in the run of play he's an excellent player. I think the move actually worked out pretty good because Kei Kamara was having a good first half. I thought putting Jermaine (Taylor) over there would quiet that down, and I thought he did good defensively. A quad injury is what we're told he has.
On going on the road for the game…
I think the key point for me is when we won in Dallas a little over a month ago. Then we went to Portland and Portland is one of the toughest plays to play for obvious reasons. And then we went to Philadelphia and won. So I don't think the guys are afraid. I think before maybe we were a little hesitant because we haven't won on the road in such a long period of time and that first win kind of kicked it off for us. I give Kansas City credit, what a wonderful place to play, they gave us a good run around last time. It's a treat for someone like me to see American grow so much and this was unheard of back in the 90's. So now the guys can enjoy this, and these are special moments.
Tough environment, the guys showed tremendous resilience, great attitude.
Houston Dynamo Defender Andre Hainault
On getting the first goal…
It takes away some of the nerves a little bit because I feel like after we scored that goal we were under a bit of pressure, but we pushed through it. We started playing the ball around and found some success with that. Then obviously that second goal was huge, it was the one that really settled things down for us.
Houston Dynamo Goalkeeper Tally Hall
Thoughts on the game…
We're a confident team right now and I think that translates onto the field. We have a bunch of dangerous players, as do they, so we knew coming in it was going to be a battle. We knew they were going to get chances and we knew were going to and we had to put those chances away. We just got to fight hard to get those goals. It was kind of a battle the whole game.
Houston Dynamo Midfielder Adam Moffat
On the team's substitutes…
Jermaine (Taylor) did fantastic. He hasn't played in a while, but he's kept himself ready. There are a lot of guys that didn't even play tonight, but they've been amazing. Those are the guys that get overlooked because they're not on the field, but they keep that high level in practice that helps us get better. Those guys get a lot of credit as well.
On getting to the Finals…
For me, even emotionally, just getting there. We get a little bit more time, two weeks to prepare for it. It's a wonderful feeling, it's a blessing to be able to do what we do and enjoy it.
According to a CNN report this Monday, the Trump administration is planning to end former First Lady Michelle Obama‘s education program for girls, Let Girls Learn.
“Moving forward, we will not continue to use the Let Girls Learn brand or maintain a stand-alone program,” an email from Peace Corps acting director Sheila Crowley reads according to CNN. The program was primarily run by the Peace Corps and the United States Agency for International Development
Trump plans to cease the program's operations immediately. Certain aspects of the program will continue, but the brand name put forth by the former First Lady will be scrapped.
The program, started in 2015 was designed to give educational opportunities to young girls in developing countries.
“‘Let Girls Learn' provided a platform to showcase Peace Corps' strength in community development, shining a bright light on the work of our Volunteers all over the world,” Crowley continued in the statement. “We are so proud of what ‘Let Girls Learn' accomplished and we have all of you to thank for this success.”
From CNN:
News of the program's end came the same day President Donald Trump's agriculture secretary, Sonny Perdue, was visiting an elementary school in suburban Virginia to announce changes to another initiative spotlighted by the former first lady, healthy school lunches. Perdue was set to unveil a rule change “providing regulatory flexibility for the National School Lunch Program” during a visit to Catoctin Elementary School in Leesburg. Like “Let Girls Learn,” improving the nutritional quality of school meals was a major focus of Obama's during her tenure as first lady.
CNN reports that a spokesman for the Peace Corps said they plan to continue their efforts to “facilitate the education of girls.”
Featured image via Gage Skidmore
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.25.88.78 with SMTP id m75csp1157338lfb; Fri, 12 Feb 2016 15:30:13 -0800 (PST) X-Received: by 10.66.150.133 with SMTP id ui5mr2572967pab.85.1455319813232; Fri, 12 Feb 2016 15:30:13 -0800 (PST) Return-Path: <gbsperling@gmail.com> Received: from mail-pa0-x234.google.com (mail-pa0-x234.google.com. [2607:f8b0:400e:c03::234]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id eg4si22596270pac.40.2016.02.12.15.30.13 for <john.podesta@gmail.com> (version=TLS1_2 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256 bits=128/128); Fri, 12 Feb 2016 15:30:13 -0800 (PST) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of gbsperling@gmail.com designates 2607:f8b0:400e:c03::234 as permitted sender) client-ip=2607:f8b0:400e:c03::234; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of gbsperling@gmail.com designates 2607:f8b0:400e:c03::234 as permitted sender) smtp.mailfrom=gbsperling@gmail.com; dkim=pass header.i=@gmail.com; dmarc=pass (p=NONE dis=NONE) header.from=gmail.com Received: by mail-pa0-x234.google.com with SMTP id fy10so13589745pac.1 for <john.podesta@gmail.com>; Fri, 12 Feb 2016 15:30:13 -0800 (PST) DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=gmail.com; s=20120113; h=content-type:mime-version:subject:from:in-reply-to:date:cc :content-transfer-encoding:message-id:references:to; bh=Ay3HSModfvIxkFQMrtqS4308l7AzpWCDZ3F/WVvgcJE=; b=UrN8hIh0uR/dq6cdXN8m9Aq6Wvi7zxj6cybacqjLK9RnlDdUbfgTo1TLo45Jdy5534 lwnRfqXPgclkmTdiS+6OaUWBZDvbBQ/u2n7q8EzxJcuVEDdGygNgiaPRUb5dWzVFF4U9 rYzvmF+VQT+E8d2JVcxWXnhMPcc1E7ZTbvJ/1LxJLJAuoumjGayhk1dafOsjBavySS26 cpe1kqrN2gjnBrBHNNrTV45ZhNSVvWWYtnpsnlJkTzCWvRDJjh+2sJFoMNm0lOnF1mjb Dg6W0AXfworodVD+Qw7v9HhiLb2qC+DfuO/VOHoFPWSGnJCX5/7kHNlE0jwbuHLtLCZt DHWQ== X-Google-DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=1e100.net; s=20130820; h=x-gm-message-state:content-type:mime-version:subject:from :in-reply-to:date:cc:content-transfer-encoding:message-id:references :to; bh=Ay3HSModfvIxkFQMrtqS4308l7AzpWCDZ3F/WVvgcJE=; b=QHhBQ0k1q8DFmMWSuOoPmV3j04TYEnoLS6dsEsk8AwvP518ZwIBklvuHr9hsYuskes Wc5D3fkWRoWDYNWXb8xt7Mgy4zkVD0KsqAp8hwNAXJZgWN20aYgyNCOTwpV4fHvyI099 yOVKOnugHbZxTnWnc97OYPpPe62YZEHdncxo0yXf2o+pwuT2EetSRRgCEffrUGsBDl8b vDDz42BU3MHgzXUN/FGerYhvdxHsrffgDkeicKLBUxJ0l3+SDMbPs6mSwQu+ziB9jrOE Pz9QxI/5br2rcAQoTPT7c4SchOMtTUFXKGxOGNa+p+bbUxtItz711fxnrn8xM8Mduvi4 Nutw== X-Gm-Message-State: AG10YOQ8cWWXxKHL86fM1iKlkWQRyJrlpwCgIvgLzTHlW/WcQWrrxCKN/sQrSdbGUaF3CA== X-Received: by 10.66.193.202 with SMTP id hq10mr5893121pac.6.1455319812788; Fri, 12 Feb 2016 15:30:12 -0800 (PST) Return-Path: <gbsperling@gmail.com> Received: from ?IPv6:2600:1012:b044:26b0:e822:32a1:e4d8:14ab? ([2600:1012:b044:26b0:e822:32a1:e4d8:14ab]) by smtp.gmail.com with ESMTPSA id z7sm21821922pfi.19.2016.02.12.15.30.10 (version=TLSv1/SSLv3 cipher=OTHER); Fri, 12 Feb 2016 15:30:10 -0800 (PST) Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=Apple-Mail-4AA54AB9-1F0D-4C80-9228-B42FC8897D0C Mime-Version: 1.0 (1.0) Subject: Re: Heads up on Carrier From: Gene Sperling <gbsperling@gmail.com> X-Mailer: iPhone Mail (12B436) In-Reply-To: <-3070467055043909661@unknownmsgid> Date: Fri, 12 Feb 2016 15:30:08 -0800 CC: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com>, Christina Reynolds <creynolds@hillaryclinton.com>, Jennifer Palmieri <jpalmieri@hillaryclinton.com>, Michael Shapiro <mshapiro@hillaryclinton.com> Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit Message-Id: <B1199D91-31EC-43DB-B212-E1A058F1F244@gmail.com> References: <1C7C1E70-D2D6-428D-9EA9-E4437966E226@gmail.com> <CAE6FiQ_iFaJvoysu9b48Ltz10ruq0Q2_19qdQF0e_amr33ez4Q@mail.gmail.com> <-3070467055043909661@unknownmsgid> To: Jake Sullivan <jsullivan@hillaryclinton.com> --Apple-Mail-4AA54AB9-1F0D-4C80-9228-B42FC8897D0C Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable Jake: Feels more like a long-term investment, invest in U.S., anti-inversion event= . A call for corporate patriotism about adding longterm value to US.=20 I would not do manuf Renniasance here because it makes it seem like problem i= s we need more public investment when people will feel this is about corpora= te profit-greed and lack of concern of workers and paying US back for its he= lp. One caution: whether it leads to a Nafta hit on HRC if they can show that Un= ited can move to Mexico because it is easy to export to US due to Nafta. [i am happy at some point to tell my eyewitness account of her opposing Naft= a in 1992] So bottom line: am for an event there on asking companies to care about corp= orate patriotism and longterm US investment and to care about workers -- st= ressing impt of manuf. Would be a good hit - but just need to think thru and= research Nafta issue Gene Sent from my iPhone > On 12 Feb 2016, at 3:11 pm, Jake Sullivan <jsullivan@hillaryclinton.com> w= rote: >=20 > Adding Shapiro and Gene.=20 >=20 > Guys, can we do our Renaissance piece here? >=20 >> On Feb 12, 2016, at 5:33 PM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> wrote:= >>=20 >> Say something tonight or tomorrow? >>=20 >> ---------- Forwarded message ---------- >> From: Judd Legum <jlegum@gmail.com> >> Date: Friday, February 12, 2016 >> Subject: Heads up on Carrier >> To: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> >>=20 >>=20 >> They moved their production from Indiana to Mexico and the video of the= nnouncement is going viral >>=20 >> Here HuffPost frames it as them turning into Sanders and Trump supporters= although that is just their framing >>=20 >> http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/why-people-really-support-trump-and-sander= s_us_56be3c46e4b0b40245c6a159?zl5cow29=3D >>=20 >> Would be ready with specifics on what you'd do to help these folks. Maybe= come out with something before you are asked >>=20 >> Sent from my iPhone --Apple-Mail-4AA54AB9-1F0D-4C80-9228-B42FC8897D0C Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable <html><head><meta http-equiv=3D"content-type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3D= utf-8"></head><body dir=3D"auto"><div>Jake:</div><div><br></div><div>Feels m= ore like a long-term investment, invest in U.S., anti-inversion event. A cal= l for corporate patriotism about adding longterm value to US. </div><di= v><br></div><div>I would not do manuf Renniasance here because it makes it s= eem like problem is we need more public investment when people will feel thi= s is about corporate profit-greed and lack of concern of workers and paying U= S back for its help.</div><div><br></div><div>One caution: whether it leads t= o a Nafta hit on HRC if they can show that United can move to Mexico because= it is easy to export to US due to Nafta.</div><div><br></div><div>[i am hap= py at some point to tell my eyewitness account of her opposing Nafta in 1992= ]</div><div><br></div><div>So bottom line: am for an event there on asking c= ompanies to care about corporate patriotism and longterm US investment= and to care about workers -- stressing impt of manuf. Would be a good hit -= but just need to think thru and research Nafta issue</div><div><br></div><d= iv>Gene</div><div><br>Sent from my iPhone</div><div><br>On 12 Feb 2016, at 3= :11 pm, Jake Sullivan <<a href=3D"mailto:jsullivan@hillaryclinton.com">js= ullivan@hillaryclinton.com</a>> wrote:<br><br></div><blockquote type=3D"c= ite"><div><meta http-equiv=3D"content-type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3D= utf-8"><div>Adding Shapiro and Gene. <br><br>Guys, can we do our Renais= sance piece here?</div><div><br>On Feb 12, 2016, at 5:33 PM, John Podesta &l= t;<a href=3D"mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>> w= rote:<br><br></div><blockquote type=3D"cite"><div>Say something tonight or t= omorrow?<span></span><br><br>---------- Forwarded message ----------<br>From:= <b>Judd Legum</b> <<a href=3D"mailto:jlegum@gmail.com">jlegum@gmail.com<= /a>><br>Date: Friday, February 12, 2016<br>Subject: Heads up on Carrier<b= r>To: John Podesta <<a href=3D"mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com">john.podest= a@gmail.com</a>><br><br><br>They moved their production from Indiana to M= exico and the video of the announcement is going viral<br> <br> Here HuffPost frames it as them turning into Sanders and Trump supporters al= though that is just their framing<br> <br> <a href=3D"http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/why-people-really-support-trump-an= d-sanders_us_56be3c46e4b0b40245c6a159?zl5cow29=3D" target=3D"_blank">http://= m.huffpost.com/us/entry/why-people-really-support-trump-and-sanders_us_56be3= c46e4b0b40245c6a159?zl5cow29=3D</a><br> <br> Would be ready with specifics on what you'd do to help these folks. Maybe co= me out with something before you are asked<br> <br> Sent from my iPhone<br> </div></blockquote> </div></blockquote></body></html>= --Apple-Mail-4AA54AB9-1F0D-4C80-9228-B42FC8897D0C--
UPDATE from July 12, 2017: Proposal amended and hearing scheduled for September 19
More updates soon!
Quick update (from April): Thanks to the hard work from dedicated local herpers and open ears from the council members, this is broadly sweeping and far overreaching proposal has been amended but is still unacceptable with a complete ban on some animals including snakes over ten pounds and some small pets such as sugar gliders. We suspect it will be amended again and will post updates as the process moves along.
Special thanks to all involved in the fight for common sense over the propaganda radical animal rights fanatics including local stakeholders, aviculturists, and the great people at Stahl Exotic Animal Veterinary Services. USARK is only part of the equation and we appreciate those stepping forward to protect the freedoms of all responsible animal and pet owners.
Submit comments by one or more of the below methods:
1. Email: animals@arlingtonva.us, Countyboard@arlingtonva.us
2. In–person statement: Attend the public hearing on September 19 in the County Board Room, 2100 Clarendon Blvd., Third Floor, Arlington, VA 22201
3. Online: Arlington CiviComment tool at www.arlingtonva.civicomment.org/code-change-prevent-keeping-wild-or-exotic-animals-pets
4. Mail or hand delivery to below. Write "NO to Chapter 2 exotic animal ban" or similar on the envelope.
Arlington County Department of Human Services
Attn: Lyn Hainge
2100 Washington Blvd., Second Floor
Arlington, VA 22204
Sample letter/statement (Remember to be professional and civil at all times!)
In his speech, Dylan states: "Some men who receive injuries are led to God, others are led to bitterness."
In the SparkNotes book, Moby Dick is summarised as: "someone whose trials have led him toward God rather than bitterness."
Andrea Pitzer, a writer with Slate, went on to find, and AP verified, 20 other sentences with traces and phrases from the Moby Dick SparkNotes.
The cases Pitzer found are not blatant or explicit - there are no verbatim sentences, only identical phrases and similar phrasing.
For instance, Dylan spoke of how: "The ship's crew is made up of men of different races."
In the SparkNotes book on Moby Dick, it reads: "...a crew made up of men from many different countries and races."
Dylan has not responded to requests for comment.
But it is far from the first time he has been caught up in accusations of plagiarism.
He has long borrowed lyrics from other sources, with his 2001 album Love and Theft drawing criticism for lyrics seemingly culled from Junichi Saga's book Confessions of a Yakuza and Henry Timrod's Civil War poetry.
Even paintings from his 2011 exhibit, The Asia Series, were noted for their similarities to well-known photographs taken by Henri Cartier-Bresson and Léon Busy.
Jack Bauer returns tonight to once again save the world from threats both domestic and foreign in 24: Live Another Day, a mini-series event in which it's almost guaranteed that Kiefer Sutherland's national-security hero will shoot many bad guys, brood about having lost his family and loved ones, and maybe even torture a couple of key suspects. But if we know Jack, the one thing he's absolutely guaranteed to deliver is a barrage of insanely hostile, over-the-top threats. For eight seasons on 24, Jack was the master of getting his way not simply through force but through fear and intimidation, bullying his adversaries into cooperating or coughing up information by first warning them about the extremely dire consequences of defying him. In honor of his small-screen resurrection, we present an exclusive supercut of the secret agent's finest threats, which serve as an able reminder that nobody messes with Jack Bauer.
A Look At Why 'Crime Pays' In Indian Politics
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manish Swarup/AP Manish Swarup/AP
Last week, five states in India began going to the polls. One of them, Uttar Pradesh, has a population of some 200 million people. The undertaking is so vast that polling will take place in seven phases, spread out over February and March.
India's national elections are an even more complex undertaking, often lasting up to two months from the start of voting till ballots are counted and the results announced.
This is done partly to provide adequate security at polling booths, to prevent vote rigging, a practice that was rampant in much of rural – and sometimes urban – India for decades.
Though it doesn't deal with the issue directly, Milan Vaishnav's new book, When Crime Pays: Money and Muscle in Indian Politics, helps explain why India takes such extraordinary steps to protect its voting processes.
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Moore/Associated Press John Moore/Associated Press
The world's largest democracy, it turns out, has a government full of men – and occasionally women – who are steeped in and emerging from the world of crime. What's curious is that the crimes many Indian politicians are accused of are not white-collar crimes like corruption or bribery, but serious offenses like murder, kidnapping, arson, banditry, rapes and more.
Yet voters keep electing them and parties keep choosing them as their candidates. In 2014, some 34 percent of India's members of parliament faced criminal cases; 21 percent faced serious ones.
Vaishnav, a senior fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace who specializes in India's political economy, spent years researching and conducting interviews on the ground. His book makes for sober reading. In an email exchange, he helped explain the "crime-politics nexus" in Indian politics and why India's case matters not just for other developing countries and nascent democracies, but also to established ones like the United States.
There's a certain element of corruption in politics everywhere. But what you highlight in your book is how, in India, politics is attractive to criminals. Why do criminals actually want to run for some of the highest offices in the land?
Criminals have been active in Indian politics for decades, dating back to the country's first elections following independence in 1947. Back then, the Congress Party [which led India's struggle for independence] was the center of political gravity and it contracted with criminals to mobilize or suppress turnout, hand out pre-election "goodies" or, in some extreme cases, capture polling booths.
When Crime Pays Money and Muscle in Indian Politics by Milan Vaishnav Hardcover, 410 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
Over time, political competition intensified and, as the Congress Party's hegemony began to atrophy, criminals realized that they had accumulated enough clout, notoriety and resources to cut out the politician and contest elections on their own. Criminals sought out politics to ensure their protection — from the state as well as from their rivals — and to make even more money by tapping into government contracts, funds, and patronage.
Why do political parties in India allow such criminals in their ranks? Why aren't they afraid this will taint the reputation of their parties?
Across the world, elections have grown increasingly expensive. [Indian] parties have become so desperate for resources, they actively compete with one another to embrace "tainted" politicians who can cover the costs of their own campaigns, pay the parties for the privilege of running and subsidize candidates who don't have the same kind of wealth.
Why do voters in India vote for criminals?
This, to my mind, is the most perplexing piece of the puzzle. It's one thing for criminals to run for office and parties to welcome them, but why would voters willingly back them?
Much to my surprise, most voters I spoke with were not only aware of politicians' criminal backgrounds, but often voted for them precisely for this reason. In an environment where the rule of law is weak — which means the government cannot carry out its sovereign responsibilities effectively — and society is deeply divided along ethnic lines, many voters view strongmen as saviors. These politicians tout their willingness and ability to "do whatever it takes" to represent their community's interests. They reinforce this message by expressly catering to their narrow segment of the electorate. In a country with a fragmented, multi-party political system, you can often win elections by rallying your core supporters.
You write that most voters you spoke to were aware of who they were voting for. I wonder what role illiteracy and poverty – and by some measures, a third of India's citizens are illiterate or live in extreme poverty – play in whom they choose as their representatives?
Voter ignorance, I found, is not a compelling explanation of voter behavior. For starters, candidates who have outlaw reputations often make a great show of highlighting their criminal reputations. Far from being obscured, they are often worn as a badge of honor.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manish Swarup/ASSOCIATED PRESS Manish Swarup/ASSOCIATED PRESS
Second, voters in poor countries have all kinds of informal mechanisms of getting information outside of established media channels. In addition, literacy has steadily risen in recent years but criminality in politics is arguably gaining ground, not diminishing (judging by the increasing share of state and national politicians with pending criminal cases).
Finally, at least one study has tried to rigorously evaluate whether providing voters with information about the criminal characteristics of their politicians affects their behavior. This study, conducted in the slums of Delhi, found that such information had no discernible impact on voter behavior. One possible conclusion is that voters were not being told anything they did not already know.
Is this, then, a failure of India's democratic institutions – the judiciary, the press?
In India, universal franchise was extended from the very beginning, in 1947. Over time, the core institutions of governance — the civil service, police, courts, and so on — have simply not been able to keep up with the aspirations of 1.3 billion Indians. This governance gap, further compounded by the innumerable social cleavages that exist in society, has created a vacuum for savvy political entrepreneurs to fill. This is, although it seems perverse, democracy in action.
How can India combat this?
India has the smallest police-per-capita ratio of any major country in the world. Fully one-third of judicial postings lie vacant. The ability of state and local governments to impartially deliver basic welfare services is extremely limited. As long as these infirmities exist, so will criminal politicians. Because building up the state is a long, slow task ... there are some short-term measures reformers can take, such as cleaning up how politics are funded. But to fully resolve the challenges of this unique nexus, one has to address both the supply of criminal politicians and the demand for them.
Is India unique in the systematic way in which criminals appear to have entered politics?
There are several other countries where we see the symbiosis of crime and politics. In a diverse set of countries such as Brazil, Jamaica, Nigeria, Pakistan and the Philippines, similar dynamics are at play. And this is not purely a developing world phenomenon; after all, many voters in the United States have spoken to reporters about how President Trump's demonstrated ability to bend the rules in his business career spoke to his qualifications to do whatever it took to get a "good deal" for ordinary Americans.
However, India is unique for at least two reasons. First, the scale of the issue is mind-boggling. And second, many politicians — at least 20 percent of Parliament — are accused of serious violations of the law. This speaks to the real weakness of the rule of law in India, which both creates an opportunity for the criminal politician to act as a "Robin Hood" figure, and increases the likelihood that he or she can manipulate the rules once in office, with a low probability of being punished.
Nishant Dahiya is NPR's Asia editor. Follow him on Twitter @nprnishant.
WASHINGTON — Scott Seymour, president and chief executive of Aerojet Rocketdyne, abruptly retired from the company June 1 and has been replaced by an executive who joined the company only three months ago.
Neither the 64-year-old Seymour nor the company offered an explanation for his sudden retirement, announced by the company June 1. According to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission June 1, Seymour announced his intent to retire May 29. “Seymour's resignation was not the result of any disagreement related to any matter involving the Company's operations, policies or practices,” the filing stated.
Warren Lichtenstein, chairman of the company's board of directors, praised Seymour. “Scott was instrumental in our 2013 acquisition of Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne, a bold move that merged two industry giants and has been pivotal in securing the future growth of our company in a challenging marketplace,” he said in a June 1 statement.
A former Northrop Grumman executive, Seymour joined the company in 2010 as president and chief executive of Aerojet's parent company, then known as GenCorp and recently renamed Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. In February, he replaced Warren M. Boley, Jr. as president of Aerojet Rocketdyne.
In March, he approved a consolidation plan that calls for reducing the company's workforce by 10 percent over the next several years. Those cuts were intended “to improve the affordability of our products,” he said in a statement at the time.
Replacing Seymour as president and chief executive is Eileen Drake, who joined the company as its chief operating officer in early March. Drake, a former U.S. Army aviator, previously worked for more than a decade at United Technologies Corp., including serving as president of a Pratt & Whitney AeroPower business unit from 2012 to January 2015.
“Her leadership will be instrumental in positioning our organization for continued growth and increased profitability,” Lichtenstein said, adding that Drake and Seymour would “work closely together to ensure a smooth transition.”
The change in leadership comes as Aerojet Rocketdyne faces major challenges in its space propulsion business. After the loss of an Antares rocket in October 2014, powered by AJ-26 engines from Aerojet Rocketdyne, Orbital ATK announced it was replacing the AJ-26 with RD-181 engines from Russian firm NPO Energomash. The results of separate investigations into the accident by both Aerojet Rocketdyne and Orbital ATK have yet to be released.
Aerojet Rocketdyne is also seeking funding for the AR-1, a large engine intended to replace the RD-180 engine from NPO Energomash currently used on the United Launch Alliance Atlas 5. However, ULA's preferred choice for a new engine is the BE-4 from Blue Origin, which ULA plans to use in the first stage of its new Vulcan launch vehicle.
Credit for the initial idea to use a ponyfied version of Mr. Smith's dialog during his final confrontation with Neo goes to an anonymous poster on an imageboard.
Mr. Smith: Why, Ms. Sparkle? Why do you do it? Why get up? Why keep helping your friends? Do you believe you're getting something in return? More than a thank-you? Can you tell me what it is? Do you even know? Is it apple pie? Or a lovely dress? Could it be for good weather? Mr. Smith: Illusions, Ms. Sparkle, temporary constructs of a feeble pony intellect trying desperately to justify an existence that is without sadness or despair. You must be able to see it, Ms. Sparkle. You must know it by now. You can't win. It's pointless to keep helping your friends. Why, Ms. Sparkle, why? Why do you persist? Twilight Sparkle: …Because friendship is magic!
…Because friendship is magic! Mr. Smith: ARGH! Yuna: Can I play with the ponies too?
Can I play with the ponies too? Ye Thuza: No. Maybe when you're older.
Our view: Parents must talk with their kids
Our view: Parents must talk with their kids
If the line between toy guns and the real thing hasn't vanished, it at least has been blurred.
That's largely due to the emergence of BB guns and air rifles that resemble actual guns — all the way down to serial numbers. In too many
instances in recent years, these toy guns have alarmed bystanders and, even worse, led police to shoot the people carrying them.
When a 13-year-old Massillon boy walked into a Marathon convenience store in Jackson Township on Tuesday, he frightened employees as he twirled what appeared to be an automatic pistol and removed and replaced its BB container, according to The Rep's Edd Pritchard.
It's unclear what were the boy's intentions. He already had stolen the BB gun from the Wal-Mart in The Strip shopping plaza. And he had taken merchandise from the convenience store without paying for it, according to police.
Officers tracked down the boy after he snuck out a back door. What followed was an exchange that could have taken a terrible turn for both the boy and police.
In this case, the gun likely posed a bigger threat to the boy carrying it than to the people he exposed it to and possibly intended to intimidate. It's indistinguishable from the Sig Sauer 226 that it's designed to resemble. Police officers, who carry the real thing, are trained that if they cannot determine if a firearm is fake, they have to operate under the assumption that it's real.
Fortunately, the boy complied with officers' orders when they came face to face. This incident, with the exception of its outcome, sounds eerily similar to the tragic death of 12-year-old Tamir Rice at the hands of Cleveland police in 2014.
Unlike other states, Ohio has no law regulating these toy guns. Federal law only requires that they include an orange tip, which often is removed, as it was in this case. And while federal law prohibits the sale of these toy guns to anyone under age 18, they sit on store shelves, no more difficult to grab than toilet paper or toothpaste.
We commend Jackson police officers for safely de-escalating this situation. On a daily basis, police officers evaluate threats and make split-second decisions to keep the community safe. This shouldn't be one of the decisions they're forced to make.
With the growing popularity of these toy guns comes the added responsibility of educating users about when and where they should be carried and how best they should be used — if used at all. Whether they keep toy guns and real guns in their home or forbid them altogether, parents must talk with their children about the risks associated with these replica weapons.
They might not be powerful enough to inflict serious injury or kill someone, but the panic they can create when carried in public can lead to fatal consequences.
French prosecutors confirmed Thursday that a wing part found on a remote Indian Ocean island was from ill-fated Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, a month after tests on the flaperon began.
"It is possible today to say with certainty that the flaperon discovered on Reunion island on July 29 came from flight MH370," Paris prosecutors said in a statement, confirming claims made by Malaysia's prime minister last month.
The Boeing 777 disappeared on March 8 last year, inexplicably veering off course en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board.
The disappearance turned into one of the biggest mysteries in the history of aviation, sparking a colossal hunt in the Indian Ocean based on satellite data which hinted at MH370's possible path.
In late July a man on Reunion island, a French overseas territory, found the two-metre-long (almost seven-foot) flaperon wing part washed up on a beach. It was then flown to France for tests by aviation experts.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was quick to announce, in early August, that the piece of debris belonged to MH370, but French investigators were initially more cautious, saying only there was a "very high probability" it came from the plane.
In the statement Thursday, prosecutors said investigators discovered three numbers on the wing part, and later concluded that one of the figures corresponded to the serial number of a flaperon from the MH370.
The discovery of the flaperon, while confirming that the plane crashed into the ocean, has not shed any more light on the location of the crash.
It has also not brought investigators any closer to the crucial black box that could indicate what caused the mysterious disappearance that has baffled aviation experts and given rise to myriad conspiracy theories.
- Speculation over plane's fate -
Speculation on the cause of the plane's disappearance has focused primarily on a possible mechanical or structural failure, a hijacking or terror plot, or rogue pilot action.
Investigators believe the aircraft ran out of fuel and crashed somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean.
Malaysia's deputy transport minister Abdul Aziz Kaprawi said in August that investigators from his country would meet with those from China and Australia this month to "refine" the search for the MH370 after the discovery of the flaperon.
"Definitely, the search will continue in the same area," he said then.
The wing part also led to a wave of excitement over pieces of debris found elsewhere on the island as well as in the Maldives.
However, a 10-day air and sea search by France around Reunion for more debris turned up no new clues, and the Maldives items were found to have no links to any aircraft.
Australia has been leading the search for the plane, the largest multinational search operation in history.
More than 60,000 square kilometres (23,000 square miles) of the seafloor have been searched so far, with no trace of the missing Boeing 777 found until last month's discovery.
In April it was announced that the search area could be expanded up to 120,000 square kilometres if needed.
A Toronto man is trying to get the city to embrace his pint-sized housing plan. The proposed home will be cubelike, trailer-sized and wheeled — although not for the purpose of driving — and completely self-sustainable.
Sitting in his parents' home in Toronto, Anthony Moscar looks through pages and pages of documents and research and floor plans for the ecologically-friendly tiny house he plans to start building in the spring. ( JANE GERSTER / TORONTO STAR ) The miniHome prototype was designed by architect Andy Thomson, who is now helping Anthony Moscar build his tiny eco house in Toronto using similar designs. Moscar says this is the closest representation he's seen to what he's trying to create. The final floor plan of Anthony Moscar's ecologically friendly tiny house. The Torontonian has been working on the design for more than a year and plans to start building in the spring. ( JANE GERSTER / TORONTO STAR ) In these 2007 file photos, Andy Thomson is seen with the miniHome prototype, made by Northland Industries and designed by Thomson, an architect. Thomson is now helping Anthony Moscar build his tiny eco house in Toronto using similar designs. Moscar says this is the closest representation he's seen to what he's trying to create.
The problem? On paper, it sounds exactly like a standard travel trailer, and city zoning is clear: You can't live out of a vehicle. In reality, Anthony Moscar says his home will be anything but. “Trailers are these temporary places . . . there's no sense of having to be concerned about anything for the long term, because eventually you're going to reconnect to a power source,” he says. “The tiny house isn't any of that.”
Article Continued Below
Moscar's home will be 11 metres long and between 2.5 and 3.7 metres wide. It will operate using rainwater and solar panels and will even feature a composting toilet. He's been considering the idea for almost a year, and this spring, he intends to make the self-sustainable home a reality. The 29-year-old naturopath and his supporters, who include one of the tiny-home movement's Canadian experts, regard his home as the next frontier in living small. They also expect it to be a viable alternative for today's youth as housing prices soar. (Moscar expects his home to cost around $30,000 to build.) But first, they have to see if they can change the city's mind. A spokesperson for the city's planning department declined to discuss ways in which Moscar might get approval to live in his house, or who he might speak with about it, saying only ‘there are no exemptions.” “Toronto hasn't really had to deal with that type of situation, and they don't want to,” Moscar says, which he thinks is unfortunate.
He's considering asking local eco-friendly organizations to allow him to locate his house on their property for a year or two as a way of showcasing sustainable living. As a backup plan, he's checking with municipalities in a one-hour radius of Toronto to see what their policies are. In places like Stuttgart, North Vancouver and a growing number of cities across the United States, the tiny-home concept is gaining traction, in large part because it responds to environmental and fiscal concerns.
Article Continued Below
That's partly why Andy Thomson, an Ottawa-based architect and a Canadian tiny-home expert, started experimenting with small living years ago. “You don't really need to build 2,000 square feet because you can't possibly occupy all of that at one time,” Thomson says. “Building smaller and more efficient buildings is kind of the sensible thing to do.” Back in 2007 Thomson designed a miniHome, whose prototype was produced by Northlander Industries in Exeter, Ont. It's exactly the type of home Moscar now plans to build, and once again, Thomson has provided the design and is helping Moscar navigate the zoning bylaws. “The way to implement such an exemption is through a councillor, based on carefully reviewed merits and for a limited time period,” he says. “Just because there is no exemption, does not mean there cannot be one.” Moscar is hopeful. The idea appeals to his environmentalism and the timing is perfect. After living at home to save money through several degrees, he's ready to finally move out. It hasn't been simple. Every aspect of the home, from walls and doors to running water, heating and cooling and waste disposal, has required careful planning. But after Moscar posted an online ad soliciting advice and potential land offers, emails from people ready to embrace the little home came flooding in. They've offered everything: emotional support, help with the building process, wood for walls and custom-made frames, and advice on eco-friendly plumbing. Moscar is their test subject for how to create tiny dwellings in Toronto. Angelina Young, a contracts administrator in Toronto, emailed to offer moral support, while Jennifer Halpern, a local graphic designer, offered to help build. “I would love for this movement to take off here,” said Young, although two young kids make it hard for her to test it out herself. “The possibility of a homeowner in an inflated housing market like ours finding a way to live without any house payment or rent and be content in simple surroundings and be able to save incredible amounts of money. It blows me away.” For Halpern, it's the perfect experiment. The simplicity the movement entails is something she thinks the city is ready for: “It makes you look inward.” As soon as the weather gets nice enough, she'll be out — with Moscar — to start building.
Imtiaz Shams Screenshot/Vice News The first thing you need to know about ex-Muslims is that the best term in Arabic to describe us is basically a swear word: murtadd, meaning someone who "turns their back" on Islam. The word has a dirty, spit-on-the-ground feeling to it, with a rolling "R" and a sharp drop at the end.
This is where you need to start if you want to even begin unpacking the ubiquitous, systematic discrimination we face that can pervade all aspects of our lives.
One key form of discrimination is the erasure or downplaying of our experiences through stereotypes, the most common of which is, "You probably weren't a real Muslim."
I spent half my life growing up in Saudi Arabia, traveling to Makkah every year for Umrah, a holy pilgrimage. My first book was a gorgeous red and gold-trimmed copy of the Riyad us-Saliheen, a compilation of hadiths (transmitted sayings and actions) of the Prophet Muhammad and his Sahaaba (companions). I've been praying, fasting and memorizing the Quran since as long as I can remember and would devour books proving Islam's truth through scientific miracles and its moral code.
My family moved to the UK just before 9/11, and many Muslims will understand what I mean when I say the atmosphere changed after that day. At school boys gave me the nickname "terrorist" and to this day I still own a shirt where some of them drew explosives and bombs on my last day of high school. That discrimination didn't affect what was then a deep and abiding love for Islam — it just strengthened it.
So what happened? If everything was geared towards me spending my life as a practicing Muslim, why would I leave? One of the key tenets of orthodox Islam is its perfect nature and the infallibility of the Quran, two claims I un waveringly held on to for two decades. But as I grew older and my critical thinking developed, the accepted truths about the morality of the Prophet's actions and the miracles described in the Quran got harder to swallow.
I stopped believing mountains were "stakes" or "pegs," protecting the Earth from earthquakes. Ironically, mountains are actually most common where earthquakes are most plentiful: in tectonic zones.
A detail of a fragment of a Koran manuscript is seen through a magnifying glass in the library at the University of Birmingham in Britain July 22, 2015. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls I no longer believed that Islam had come down to slowly phase out the loathsome institution of slavery. Instead I began to feel that the institutionalization of slavery in Islamic scripture under the auspices of "prisoners of war" allowed for millions of Africans and other non-Arabs to be taken as slaves by the various Caliphates, in some places exceeding even the horrific Transatlantic slave trade.
I had thought that Islam had given women equal rights to men, and this may or may not have been true if we were talking about 1,400 years ago. However, taken literally the same scripture can be used to reduce the inheritance and legal rights of women, enforce certain ritualistic clothing and practices on women but make them either a choice or non-existent for men, ban women from marrying non-Muslims but extend that right to men... the list went on and on in my mind.
Yet through all this I could not internally accept I had left Islam because I didn't know I could leave. The very idea that one could be a practicing Muslim but then leave Islam was completely and utterly alien to me. I was finally forced to accept I no longer believed in Islam at the beginning of 2012, but I had no identity to go to and nobody who understood what I was going to speak to. My friend Aliyah described this stage as being like an "alien in your own skin," and I felt like a complete outcast.
Another feeling that hovered over my leaving Islam was fear. Islam had presented itself as a complete and objective blueprint for my life, in charge of dictating my role in this world and my relationship to death and an afterlife. This left me believing that without the religion, even if I lived life making a difference in this world I would no longer be abd Allah, a slave of Allah, and thus my life would be aimless.
It told me that that apocalyptic Yawm al-Qiyamah (day of judgment) would come when I would be judged as an apostate, one of the worst of sins, and put into Jahannum (hell). The language around hell in Islamic scripture can be terrifying — is it any wonder many new ex-Muslims have to cope with the anxiety it creates?
This period of fear and isolation did not last very long as I quickly found others out there when I stumbled on a Reddit group called /r/exmuslim. Suddenly I had access to thousands of active ex-Muslims, their stories, advice and experiences of discrimination. Almost all of these Redditors were anonymous because of the inherent physical and social risks to leaving Islam, so I began to reach out.
I came up with a vetting protocol, carefully checking people out one at a time and hosting private ex-Muslim socials of sometimes up to 60 people. Sharing your story for the first time with another ex-Muslim is exhilarating, and there were so many of us to share with! Sure we still felt like aliens, but there were a lot of us aliens and we felt more comfortable in our own skin.
REUTERS/Beawiharta Around this time, I had a chance meeting with two gay lawyers who gave me some advice: what really changed for LGBTQ people in Britain was not just that they organized into communities but that they began to come out publicly. This resonated strongly with me so I joined forces with Aliyah Saleem, a feminist ex-Muslim activist, and we started what grew to become "Faith to Faithless," an organization that creates online and offline platforms to promote apostate voices.
The very first Faith to Faithless event was a year ago at Queen Mary University of London (QMUL). Although we had members of the QMUL Islamic society and some da'wah (preaching) groups leafleting our event, it was a massive success. Some of the ex-Muslims we met there have since spoken at other events. Although we received support from the wider public (including Muslims), we also received plenty of hate mail and abuse.
I've had people spit on the ground and call me a murtadd, while insults to female Faith to Faithless speakers are always framed in disgustingly sexist terms. Even worse is that we've often been let down by the very people who should be helping us, including some feminist and leftist activists who have used racialized terms like "native informant" to describe us, undermining our agency as a minority within a minority.
As you would imagine, many ex-Muslims contact Faith to Faithless for advice or urgent help and have faced abuse in different forms. Some, although accepted as members of their family, are constantly told that they are going to "burn in hell" and should repent. Others are forced out into the streets with no financial support whatsoever. Some are physically abused, such as one ex-Muslim girl who was kicked in the stomach by her brother and then locked into her room by her parents.
It's important to note that not all Muslims have treated ex-Muslims in this way. Some of the most important voices to me were my Muslim friends who privately messaged me giving me their support and love. We need to be able to stand together to fight both anti-Muslim and ex-Muslim discrimination, which can often go hand-in-hand. If you're a young ex-Muslim who has left their faith and feels alone or isolated, get in touch. You are definitely not alone.
In the United Kingdom, broadband providers BT, Virgin Media, BSkyB and Talk Talk have been asked to create a database registering customers that illegally download pirated material including books, music, television shows and films.
According to The Guardian, the broadband providers -- some of whom have already blocked access to torrent indexing websites including The Pirate Bay, no matter how easy the blocks are to circumvent -- have been asked to consider new ways to deter the high rates of illegal content downloads.
Record labels have asked BT, Virgin Media, BSkyB and Talk Talk to sign up to a voluntary code of conduct which would record transgressions by ISP customers when they illegally download copyrighted material. Once tracked, customers could receive a letter warning them to stop. If customers continue, as part of a 'three strikes' system, they may find their Internet speeds throttled, website access blocked, or potential prosecution for persistent illegal downloading.
Negotiations on a potential code have been underway for months between ISP providers and the British Video Association, whose members include the BBC, Hollywood Studios, Universal Pictures, Walt Disney and Twentieth Century Fox.
The new measures, which would require storing data on customers who download content illegally, may also need a change in law. Under the Data Protection Act, such information can only be held about individuals when related to "commercial purposes," rather than to record apparently illegal activity.
Virgin Media trialed a campaign -- no longer operating -- to send out letters to customers who use their broadband to download illegal content in 2008. The firm also blocks websites under court orders like other ISPs in the U.K., but does not hand information over to third parties or retain information exposing customer identities.
Emma Hutchinson, a Virgin Media spokeswoman, told ZDNet:
"Music and film companies are speaking to broadband providers about how to address illegal file-sharing but what they're currently proposing is unworkable."
A spokeswoman for TalkTalk told The Guardian:
"We are involved in discussions about measures to address illegal file-sharing and ultimately would like to reach a voluntary agreement. However our customers' rights always come first and we would never agree to anything that could compromise them."
According to Ofcom, one in six U.K.-based internet users aged 12 or over downloaded digital entertainment illegally this year. Over the three month period to the end of January 2013, 280 million music files were obtained through piracy. In addition, 52 million television shows and 29 million film files were illegally acquired. E-books accounted for 18 million files, and computer software & video games were downloaded 7 million times.
The agency suggested that while 18 percent of Internet users in the U.K. have recently downloaded pirated content, only nine percent worry about being caught in the act.
The Digital Economy Act was voted into law in 2010, but is yet to be implemented in the United Kingdom. The legislation, which allows ISP providers to send letters to suspected illegal downloaders and potentially disconnect services, will not be enforced until at least 2014 due to continual legal challenges. ISPs have criticised the act, as it may "unfairly" force them to police Internet activity.
The act will be one of a number of topics discussed on 12 September, where record label representatives will meet U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron.
Update 15.13GMT: This posted was updated with Virgin Media's response and clarification on the circumstances surrounding blocked websites.
Getty Images
In a blog post, Robert Krulwich of the public radio show Radiolab noted that there is no pink in the colors of the rainbow. Pink is actually a combination of red and violet, two colors, which, if you look at a rainbow, are on the opposite sides of the arc. Remember the old colors of the rainbow mnemonic ROYGBIV? The R (red) is as far as it can get from V (violet). That's where the trouble lies. Pink can't exist in nature without a little rainbow-bending help, which would allow the shades of red and violet to commingle. This is leading scientists to believe, as Krulwich puts it, that “pink is a made-up color.” Krulwich explains:
I know, of course, that all colors are just waves of light, so every color we “see,” we see with our brains. But what this video says is that there is no such thing as a band of wavelengths that mix red and violet, and therefore, pink is not a real wavelength of light. That's why pink is an invention. It's not a name we give to something out there. Pink isn't out there. (MORE: Hues You Can Use)
So there you have it. Pink, the color, is just the wishful thinking of our brain blending the red and violet wavelengths together to create the color of many little girls' birthday parties. But as compelling as Krulwich's argument is, there are plenty of scientists (and probably My Little Pony fanatics) who disagree with him. In a blog post aptly named Stop This Absurd War on the Color Pink, Scientific American blogger Michael Moyer points to research that indicates that all color, whether in the rainbow or not, is a fabrication of our brains. He quotes biologist Timothy H. Goldsmith as noting that, “Color is not actually a property of light or of objects that reflect light. It is a sensation that arises within the brain.” He concludes by stating that, “Pink is real—or it is not—but it is just as real or not-real as red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet.”
We will leave the debate over the color pink to the experts, because we know one Pink who definitely still exists. (Although she has been going by her given name of Alecia Moore a lot lately. Perhaps she knows something we don't.)
PHOTOS: Color My Dog!
PHOTOS: Color in the Midst of Protest
The title will be The Senator's Wife, the star, Oscar winner Meryl Streep and the producer, The Weinstein Co. The target: the NRA. The formidable chairman of The Weinstein Co., Harvey Weinstein, confirmed to Deadline today they will be taking on the NRA gun lobby head-on with a film entitled The Senator's Wife which will star the just-Oscar-nominated Streep (August: Osage County) and other top talent in a movie he described as “the new Mr. Smith Goes To Washington” — the beloved Frank Capra film that starred Jimmy Stewart about one man's fight against corrupt politicians in Washington. Weinstein announced on The Howard Stern Show that “they're (the NRA is) going to wish they weren't alive after I'm done with them.” Weinstein, who has been one of the strongest supporters of President Barack Obama, in this film will expose the NRA for their behind-the-scenes machinations of what Obama himself called “intimidation” and “lies” that ended up defeating legislation that would have expanded background checks on gun sales. Shortly after, Obama, flanked by parents of murdered children from the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre, held a press conference out in the Rose Garden, calling out the NRA, saying the organization led by Wayne LaPierre “willfuly lied” to the American people. “They claimed that it would create some sort of big brother gun registry even though the bill did the opposite,” said Obama of the NRA, and he added, “this pattern of spreading untruths about this legislation served a purpose. Because those lies upset an intense minority of gun owners and that in turn intimidated a lot of senators.” For the record, I took part in the Are Better Than This campaign after my cousin's daughter was murdered in the Aurora theater shooting, but my family members own guns and one is an NRA member. Shortly after the Aurora and Newtown massacres, the NRA began making robocalls to the parents of murdered children and other residents asking for funding and their support against gun legislation which prompted CT Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy and others to blast the NRA and its tactics. The Senator's Wife will be a behind-the-scenes account of how the NRA used its influence with politicians to defeat the bill. Two other pictures have gone behind-the-scenes about D.C., both for HBO. Game Change (2012) which followed the rise of Sarah Palin in AZ Sen. John McCain's bid for the White House and Recount (2008) which took a behind-the-scenes look at the presidential race that landed George Bush in the White House. Both of those were done by Jay Roach.
It sounds like Michael Jackson's son Prince isn't actually down with Floyd Mayweather's The Money Team like we all thought he was. He was spotted driving around in a big truck with TMT decals all over it last weekend. But according to his uncle Jermaine Jackson, he was only inside of the vehicle because he likes big trucks, not because he's down with Money Mayweather.
However, it sounds like Prince has an open invitation to join TMT anytime he wants. And in fact, Mayweather himself just spoke with TMZ Sports and revealed that he's open to training Prince—who has done some MMA training in the past—in the future.
"I haven't worked with him yet," he said yesterday, "but I look forward to working with him when I get back to Las Vegas."
We wouldn't count on this actually happening. And even if it does, we wouldn't count on Prince turning into a big star or anything. But episodes of Showtime's All Access featuring Mayweather and Prince would be must-see TV, wouldn't they?
[via TMZ Sports]
Ferrao affirms that any cautious reader with knowledge of Puerto Rican history could be conflicted with most of the author's statements.
SOBRE EL AUTOR Especial para Diálogo Colaboración especial para el periódico oficial de la Universidad de Puerto Rico.
One of the most persistent and early lessons I was taught while a student at the New Jersey public school system was the difference between fiction and non-fiction when it came to book qualification. As I still remember it, fiction were all those titles derived from the imagination of the authors, mainly novels, short stories and poetry; whilst non-fiction would refer to works based on facts, real people and truthful events where the author presents information that is, to the best of his or her knowledge, accurate and verifiable.
To this date this wise demarcation not only prevails in the New York Times' list of Best Seller Books, but is very helpful allowing readers to know beforehand if what they're buying will serve them for entertainment purposes or will provide them with trusted and accurate information on the topic of their interest.
Of course, every once in a while along comes an author with a crossover book that might challenge this categorization, or, worse, tricks its readers into believing that they're reading truthful information when in reality they're being provided with an attractive imaginary narration.
This happened in 2003 with the best-seller book A Million Little Pieces. Billed as a memoir by its author and the publisher (thus a non-fiction book), it was soon discovered by a website that the book contained “a million little lies”. As was later found out, the not-so honest author fabricated or exaggerated a great part of his life experience as a drug-addict. It also turned out that no one in the publishing house took the time to investigate the accuracy of what was written in the book. In the ensuing controversy the author and the publisher took a lot of heat from the media and colleagues, both lost face and an old Russian proverb was vindicated: trust but verify.
War against all Puerto Ricans, Revolution and Terror in America's Colony (Nation Books: New York, 2015) by Nelson A. Denis is one of those books that confirms that writing about real people and historic events is an intellectual endeavor that requires a totally different approach from that of describing imaginary ones. In this case we have an author whose resourceful imagination and willingness to deviate from factual assertions, produces a story that can't be placed in the realm of non-fiction. This book also reiterates the necessary lesson that we always need to verify what we read, no matter how time-consuming that task turns out to be.
Hailed by Congressman José Serrano (Democrat-New York) as a book “that every student of the US-Puerto Rico relationship should read”, War against all Puerto Ricans approaches and tries to explain the imposing US presence in the Caribbean Island throughout the first part of the Twentieth Century.
Denis' account focuses mainly on the time span from the arrival of Americans in Puerto Rico 1898 till 1950, and a good part of the story revolves around the two towering figures who dominated Puerto Rican politics from 1930 to the 1950's: Luis Muñoz Marín (1898-1980) and Pedro Albizu Campos (1891-1965). Muñoz would become the first democratically elected governor of Puerto Rico in 1948 and is considered the mastermind behind the island's autonomous 1952 territorial Commonwealth status (known in Spanish as Estado Libre Asociado) that prevails to this day. Albizu was a Harvard graduate lawyer, Nationalist Party president from 1930 on, led a violent armed revolt against Muñoz's government in October, 1950, had nationalists followers of his attempt against the life of President Harry S. Truman, and spent a great part of his life in prison due to his unflinching commitment to cause of Puerto Rican independence.
Inasmuch as the word “History” appears on the War Against All Puerto Ricans' dust jacket, we assume that we are actually reading a non-fiction work. In fact, advance praise by some prestigious reviewers, including New York Universityprofessor Greg Grandin, supports this false perception.
With its seventy-one pages of detailed footnotes, twelve of bibliography, chapter heading like “Facts” and “Events”, and the authors own confession of having read thousands of official documents, FBI files and newspaper accounts, the book does give the initial impression of being a well documented work.
Yet, any cautious reader with knowledge of Puerto Rican history will soon become conflicted with most of the author's statements, as well as the evidence used to uphold them, as follows.
To begin with the title is completely misleading. Denis attributes the phrase “There will be war to the death against all Puerto Ricans” to Elisha F. Rigg, a Yale graduate appointed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt as Puerto Rico's Chief of Police from 1934 to 1936. Yet when tracing the sources we find out that Riggs didn't say what Denis attributes to him.
On October 24, 1935 a car carrying four members of the Nationalist Party was stopped in the town of Río Piedras, and ordered to drive to the near Police station. While heading there a scuffle broke out between the driver and a policeman standing on the car's stirrup; this lead to the fatal shooting of those inside. Three of the four nationalists in the car were shot dead by police, another nationalist who came to their aid was also killed, as well as an innocent bystander.
The tragic incident, a result of the intensified animosity that had been building up between the Insular Police and members of the Nationalist Party, brought about a volatile situation that foreshadowed the dark times that followed in Puerto Rico's 1930's political scenario.
The San Juan daily paper La Democracia (October 26,1935, p. 8), whose reporter had covered the Río Piedras bloody incident, printed Riggs' declarations on the event. After lecturing on the right to free speech within a system of law an order, and declaring that no one had the right to bear unauthorized weapons, Riggs warned that if anyone persisted in carrying illegal arms “there will be war, non-stop war, not against politicians, but against criminals”. From the above it is obvious that no war on Puerto Ricans was declared by Riggs (or, for that matter, by any other American official), as Denis falsely claims. So, as far as the title is concerned, we're off on the wrong historical foot here by an author who claims his book will present events “fairly and accurately” yet he himself misquotes what is printed on the record. Not only that but Denis also misleads the reader as to where to find Riggs' alleged lapidary phrase: on endnote 36, page 121 of his book he cites La Democracia of October 28, 1935. Yet the reader will search in vain for Riggs' words in that issue for they were printed two days earlier. Denis not only misquotes but also distorts the public record.
Of course, if you want to sell books “War against all Puerto Ricans” is going to raise more eyebrows and draw more readers and potential buyers than Riggs' original phrase; more so if the distorted phrase is set in uppercase white letters against a crimson background on the book's cover.
The tittle thus sets a pattern that will repeat itself throughout the rest of the book: author Nelson E. Denis' statements are not always supported by the source he quotes, on occasions he misquotes the public record and misguides the reader as to where to find what he asserts. It's pretty obvious that in his tale historical accuracy takes backseat to the author's tendentious statements and embellishments.
For example, describing Luis Muñoz Marín's school days at the Georgetown Preparatory School in Washington DC Denis flatly states that the future governor “flunked every class except modern literature and had to repeat the entire tenth grade” (p. 87). Whereas Albizu, according to Denis (p. 111), was the valedictorian of his public high school and graduated in just two years. Not only that, but later on Albizu becomes the first Puerto Rican student to enter Harvard, all this as maintained by Denis.
The information on Albizu is just wrong as we will show later on, and when you check on the source Denis uses for Muñoz' grade records, it turns out he's relying on Luis Muñoz Marín's memoirs, where no information substantiate him flunking “every class except modern literature” appears. Muñoz does admit that he did not learn much at Georgetown Prep but you can't take that as an equivalent of him “flunking every class.”
After finding out about these and other inconsistencies, you start to wonder if the advance praise that appears on the dust jacket of War Against All Puerto Ricans is nothing more than a blurb from easily fooled readers who have very little knowledge of Puerto Rican history.
Of course, now days most readers don't bother to verify endnotes or go to great lengths to check on the facts given to them in printed paper, be it a book, a magazine or a newspaper. Just ask Oprah Winfrey who praised and highly recommended A Million Little Pieces to her huge TV audience, only to feel disappointed later on when she found out about the author's gross lies and exaggerations.
If it had only been a question of exaggerating youngster's school grades, Denis' fact-distortion narrative would not be a motive for great concern and disapproval. But he goes far beyond that: he uses Muñoz and Albizu biographies, Puerto Rican colonial politics and mixes it with illegal drugs and the 1920's rowdy Lower Manhattan scene.
El segundo artículo de esta serie:“The big lie of the opium factor”.
El tercer artículo de esta serie: Here we have the first 29 Lies (and more will come)
Nelson Denis le contestó a Luis Ferrao: The Many Lies of Luis Ferrao y “Albizu Campos was a Fascist”, said Luis A. Ferrao
El autor es catedrático de Ciencias Sociales en la Universidad de Puerto Rico en Río Piedras. Ha publicado Pedro Albizu Campos y el nacionalismo puertorriqueño (1990), Historia de los seguros en Puerto Rico(2003), Puertorriqueños en la guerra civil española (2009), y prologó los dos tomos de las obras de Luis Muñoz Marín Palabras 1931-1935 y 1936-1940 (2005).
Posee un Doctorado en Ciencias Políticas de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, un Diplome d'Etudes Approfondies (DEA) de la Universidad de París 1-Sorbonne, y una maestría de la Facultad Latinoamericana de Ciencias Sociales FLACSO-Sede México. Obtuvo la Medalla de Historia de la Universidad de Puerto Rico, por ser el más alto promedio en su concentración.
Comentarios
TAGS
Notas Relacionadas
The new fire chief in the Enterprise, N.W.T. says she's ready to take on a big job.
“I'm kind of really excited about it and I'm glad that they put enough trust in me to take this position on,” says 22-year-old Debra Richards.
LISTEN: Debra Richards speaks with Loren McGinnis on The Trailbreaker (link on the left)
Richards has some big boots to fill, especially seeing as she isn't even a firefighter yet.
"That's the thing that scared me the most is the guys comin' in here, ‘Oh she knows nothing.'"
But that's not what happened.
Richards grew up in Enterprise. She works as a special needs Kindergarten assistant, something she refers to as “her calling.” She just started teaching at the end of November, and started volunteering with the Enterprise Fire Department in December.
Last week, the 14 members of the Enterprise Fire Department nominated Richards as Executive Fire Chief, a volunteer position.
The hamlet council voted in favour.
"We all kind of talked about it,” she says. “They all have my back and know where I'm at as far as experience goes.”
Matthew Gauthier is deputy chief and has been a member of the department for about four years.
He says some people were against the selection, but says Richards is a good candidate because she works close to town and has the time to commit to the job.
“We have faith in her and as long as we all work together and fill in all the little black and gray areas, everything should go smoothly."
Mayor John Leskiw says he's taking his cues from the fire department.
"They're the ones who suggested her and voted her in,” Leskiw says. “If they're going to support her, she'll get my support as well."
Leskiw also says he likes Richards' passion, and the fact that she has a lot of time to dedicate to the job.
"It kind of made sense to have a well-trained fire department than a well-trained fire chief."
As chief, Richards will be in charge of dealing with most of the department's paperwork.
She'll also make sure volunteer firefighters get the training they need.
She will do some basic training over the summer, and will attend the Fire Chief's conference in Yellowknife.
"I have no doubts in myself,” Richards says. “I'd do what I need to do to save a life if I need to.”
A Vermont ski resort operator has received federal approval to open a privately managed investment center that will help it get funding from non-Americans seeking U.S. residency.
Vermont Public Radio reports that Peak Resorts announced its plans to open the Great North Regional EB-5 Center on Thursday. The center will handle investments made under a federal program that offers residency to foreign investors who put money into job-creating economic development projects.
A statewide center handling EB-5 investments is at risk of being shut down for its connection to allegations of massive fraud at Jay Peak Resort.
Peak Resorts owns Mount Snow, which recently completed a $30 million snowmaking project using EB-5 money.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
"The Dutch are on the edge of a negative rating action," said Chris Pryce, Fitch's expert on the Netherlands. The first move is likely to be a switch from stable to negative outlook rather than a full downgrade.
"We will hold a rating committee meeting in June. They run risks if they keep letting debt rise: a cautious approach would be advisable," he told the Telegraph .
The warning comes as Dutch property tips into deeper slump, with the inventory of unsold homes nearing South European levels. Household debt is the eurozone's highest at 249pc of income, compared with 202pc in Ireland, 149pc in the UK, 124pc in Spain, 90pc in Germany, 78pc in France and 66pc in Italy - according to Eurostat data from 2010.
The Netherlands is caught in a "negative feedback-loop" as recession and house price falls feed on each other. Building permits have dropped 9pc from a year ago, the lowest since 1953. "The housing market is in a coma," said the Volkskrant newspaper.
Maarten van der Molen from Rabobank said home prices have fallen 11pc from their peak in August 2008, or 15pc in real terms, leaving up to 500,000 people in negative equity.
"We expect prices to drop 5pc in 2012," he said. The Dutch real estate federation NVM said the picture could be significantly worse if the stamp tax holiday expires in July as planned, leading to a jump from 2pc to 6pc.
The stock of unsold properties has doubled to 221,000 since 2008 as "Te Koop" signs proliferate on Dutch streets, almost double the declared level in the US on a per capita basis. Low unemployment (4.9pc) has kept arrears below Irish, UK or US rates, but job loses are creeping up.
The economic woes are infecting state debt dynamics. Public debt will climb to 76pc of GDP by 2015, according to the official Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis (CPB). A €32bn bail-out of ABN Amro Bank has not helped but the chief cause is back-to-back recessions.
Central bank governor Klaas Knot said Dutch borrowing costs would rise by 100 basis points if the country loses its AAA, warning that Holland does not have safe-haven status like the US and risks "losing the confidence" of investors if it pushes its luck.
The Netherlands has been a vocal critic of fiscal excess in Greece but is now in breach of EU rules itself, an unexpected casualty of the eurozone's contractionary policy mix. Critics cite the troubles in Holland - and Belgium - as evidence that the European Central Bank has been too tight, asphyxiating credit for the whole bloc. The M3 money supply contracted over the winter on a month-to-month basis.
Premier Mark Rutte is struggling to put together an austerity package before a deadline this week but he relies on support from populist leader Geert Wilders, who has threatened walk out of talks. His Freedom Party calls for a return to the guilder.
Mr Rutte aims to cut the deficit from 4.6pc to 3pc of GDP, though the official CPB said it would be unwise to treat the EU target as the "Holy Grail" of 3pc regardless of circumstances. "This could have a detrimental effect on the economy," it said.
The International Monetary Fund has also urged caution, saying "automatic stabilizers ought to be unhindered". It warned that excessive tightening could itself "endanger financial stability".
Hans Wijers, head of the chemicals group AkzoNobel, said it was more important to hold the fragile coalition together than precipitate chaos by trying to meet an abstract target. "Nobody wants a crisis and new elections right now," he said.
The central bank said in its Financial Stability Report that the country faces a nasty mix of problems. "The outlook for financial stability in the Netherlands is worrying. Dutch households have almost the highest debt in the world. Declining real wages and rising unemployment are putting pressure on incomes. The steady fall in house prices is weakening their position while also increasing the likelihood of debt problems."
The report said credit outgrew the deposit base of lenders during the property bubble, leaving banks dependent on fickle capital markets. "Short-term funding may dry up overnight, as in 2008 when the interbank market stalled and again in the summer of 2011. A drop in house prices will compromise the issue of mortgage-covered bonds, while significant loan losses may lead to margin calls by the owners of such bonds," it said.
The regulator said Dutch pension funds are deeply underwater. They need €90bn in extra funding to meet future obligations, and $200bn to restore buffers.
Critics say Holland's policy of full tax deductability on mortgages as well as loan-to-value caps of 112pc (with stamp tax) encouraged a debt spree along Anglo-Saxon lines. The country has less monetary flexibility to cope with the consequences, though it has other strengths.
Fitch Ratings said the Netherlands has the cushion of a current account surplus above 7pc of GDP and a history of credible governments. "The country has been run for a long time by sensible parties and this allows us to be a bit more generous."
"Geert Wilders has not been irresponsible in fiscal policy, but if a situation arises where his presence is no longer compatible with stable government, we would expect the other parties to draw the proper conclusions," said Mr Pryce.
After more than 18 years of running SETI@home and BOINC, I am finally approaching the Three Billion Credits milestone! I am currently at 2.995 billion credits and earning 2.5 million credits per day (through Einstein@home), so less than two days away from The Big 3.
To mark this special occasion properly, I have decided to give away 20 000 Gridcoins to promote BOINC, distributed computing and energy efficient crypto-mining through computational science.
My BOINC statistics on Free-DC. I expect to reach three billion BOINC credits in two days. Gridcoin ad on the left :)
10 000 GRC has already been sent to Gridcoinstats Researcher's Fund. This fund is actually an advanced Gridcoin faucet which allows every new cruncher/researcher on the BOINC network to claim up to 2 GRC (might as well increase it now). 2 GRC is not much, but every little bit helps when you are a newbie.
Another 10 000 GRC will be rained onto GPUGRID crunchers, 16 days from now (on New Year's Eve). Gridcoin rain is an advanced feature implemented in the Gridcoin wallet - any amount of Gridcoins you own can be "rained" i.e. distributed to the crunchers of every whitelisted BOINC project (GPUGRID included), proportionally to their computing contribution (more computations done->bigger average credit->more GRC rained on you). 16 days should still be plenty of time to start crunching for GPUGRID, pump up your RAC and claim your share of the 'rain' on Dec 31.
GPUGRID is a distributed computing project devoted to biomedical research. Thanks to the contribution of BOINC volunteers, GPUGRID scientists at the Pompeu Fabra University (UPF) in Barcelona can perform molecular simulations to understand the function of proteins in health and disease. Running BOINC on a GPU is a demanding task which consumes considerably more electric power than CPU projects, so GPUGRID crunchers certainly deserve this little bonus.
So there it is - if you want to mine cryptocurrency today, you don't have to run repetitive, wasteful PoW hashing on your PC. You can contribute to science and earn Gridcoins, validating the idea of crypto through scientific progress - something that everyone can relate to. Claim your part of this $1600 reward!
When we focus our attention, we sometimes fail to detect changes–even spectacular, seemingly impossible-to-miss changes—that have taken place right in front of us. Cognitive scientists call this “change blindness”.
Change blindness is so prevalent in our perception that Hollywood movie producers often employ a continuity editor: someone whose job is to make sure that impossible things don't accidentally occur during and between scenes, due to the editing process. Consider one of the gaffes in this video, where Harry Potter magically and instantly switches sides at the Hogwarts' Great Hall table.
Why would you need professional editors to find these seemingly huge blunders, and how could they have missed this one? The answer is that our attentional systems are continually splicing together bits and pieces of incoherent storylines within our lives. Our realities are always in flux: your mind may have wandered from this post to daydream about what it would be like to be Harry Potter, to memories of continuity errors you may have caught in the past, all in the course of reading this one paragraph. Our attentional systems are continually dragging new priorities and insights to the fore in our awareness. This often means that things in real life change to some extent while we are thinking of something else. So we have a certain built-in tolerance for lack of continuity between the cut-scenes of our real lives.
Artist Ellen Levy teamed up with neuroscientist Michael E. Goldberg, Director of the Mahoney Center for Brain and Behavior at Columbia University in New York, to apply the concept of change blindness to an interactive art installation. The resulting animation, “Stealing Attention”, was recently shown at the Pratt Manhattan Gallery in New York City, as part of the “Sleuthing the Mind” exhibit that Levy curated. Watch the video and see if you can count how many times the Queen of Hearts appears in the hands of the card shark:
You may have taken some time to realize that, as you busied yourself watching the Three-Card Monte, antiquities were being stolen in front of your eyes. The rapidly changing cards cheated you into not paying attention to the stolen relics.
This is not so different from what happens in your brain when card tricks fool you. Whenever you pay attention to something, your brain automatically and powerfully suppresses other information that is not relevant to the task. Magicians don't distract us in a literal sense, but create attentional points that our perceptual and cognitive systems are helplessly drawn to. The result is that our brains do the dirty work of throwing in the garbage anything that the magician doesn't want us to attend to.
To pay attention is not to highlight something that interests us, but to obliterate everything else around it.
Levy found inspiration for “Stealing Attention” while attending a 2008 lecture by Donny George Youkhanna, who was the Director of the National Museum of Iraq in 2003. One evening after the US invasion of Iraq, Youkhanna stayed late in the museum, as it was rumored that looters would raid it that night. During the looting of antiquities that did ensue, one of the looters approached Youkhanna to let him know that he himself was not stealing from the museum, but instead had hidden among the looters as one of them, with the goal of rescuing some of the most important pieces to return them later, once it was safe.
In Levy's art, the hands with the cards “obscure the fact that antiquities were being removed from museum shelves, one-by-one, as a cultural heritage and lives were being lost”.
Just like magic.
To learn more about illusions of inattention, read our upcoming Scientific American Mind “Illusions” column, “Pay Attention”
THE country has an extremism problem. To state that is to suggest the obvious. But the state appears to be either in denial of Pakistan's extremism problem or afraid of its true dimensions.
After each new, grotesque low in the militants' war on Pakistan, the state responds in the same manner. Emergency meetings, long huddles, promises to double down on the existing militarised security strategy — and some vague promises about doing something about the peddlers of hate. Then, unsurprisingly, as the media gaze turns to the next scandal or atrocity and the memory of the previous attack recedes, nothing of substance is done to crack down on extremism.
That is a fundamental problem because there is an extremism continuum: from the doctrines of intolerance and hate on the non-violent end of the spectrum to the armed militants who perpetrate atrocities such as the Peshawar school attack and the Karachi bus attack. Simply eliminating armed militants will lead to little long-term success when there is still in existence a vast network of extremism busily indoctrinating the next generation of jihadis.
Consider the basic indoctrination that may have led to the murder of some 50 Ismailis in Karachi on Wednesday.
At some point, the killers would have been taught to believe that the victims were deserving of death for their religious beliefs. Perhaps that indoctrination came within the narrow confines of life as an Islamist militant: the physical and psychological training of the killers done directly by the group responsible for the attack. But it is easy for the seeds of that indoctrination to have been laid in any number of ways by the vast extremist mosque-madressah-social welfare network that blankets this country.
Even the largest, seemingly benign alleged centres of learning routinely spew hate against other sects, other religions and even peaceable followers of the same sect deemed too soft on others.
Pore over the literature, listen to the speeches, scan the online message boards and forums where minority sects in Islam are routinely declared non-Muslims, and it will become apparent where the seeds of mistrust that can lead to violent hate are sown.
Can the intelligence set-up be truly unaware of this? Militancy does not exist in a vacuum — it never has and it never will. It was possible for men to fire bullets into peaceful citizens on Wednesday because there exists a milieu that allows hate to masquerade as religion.
Surely, the answers to the extremism problem cannot be the same as the strategy to fight militancy. The first approach is essentially preventive in nature; the latter, curative. Prevention is more difficult — the extremism-fuelling narrative and infrastructure are far more diffuse than militant groups.
And it requires greater will — a willingness to reach into the heart of society and re-engineer it. If it is not fought, however, the country may find itself winning the battle, but losing the war.
Published in Dawn, May 15th, 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
A Russian publisher has released a series of books about Vladimir Putin under the names of a number of journalists, without their permission, it has...
A Russian publisher has released a series of books about Vladimir Putin under the names of a number of journalists, without their permission, it has been reported.
Moscow-based publishing house Algoritm has released books purporting to be by the Guardian's Luke Harding and the Economist's Edward Lucas, among others, in its Project Putin series, reported the Guardian.
Algoritm is promoting Harding's Nobody But Putin on its website, which it “develops the idea” explored in Harding's Mafia State, which was published by Guardian Faber.
Harding told the Guardian that the first he heard about Nobody But Putin was “a couple of weeks ago when a Russian friend said he'd spotted ‘my book' in a Moscow bookstore”.
Algoritm's Sergei Nikolayev said it had not sought permission from Harding to use his work in the new book, and added: “If he [Harding] surfaces then we will come to some agreement and pay him a fee.”
Lucas told the Guardian he had “absolutely no idea” about How the West Lost to Putin, published last year by Algoritm under his name.
He said: “I have not given permission of any kind. It is clearly a breach of copyright.”
Nikolayev declined to comment on Lucas' claims, or those of US-based Russia expert Donald Jensen, who also said he did not know about a book published under his name by Algoritm.
Christians use Lent, the 40 days prior to Easter, as a time of self-reflection, self-denial, penitence and prayer. Muslims use Ramadan for a month-long time of self-restraint and day-time fasting. Jews use Yom Kippur as a day of fasting where one is to reflect on one's life. Socrates said “the unexamined life is not worth living”. In Buddhism, such moment by moment intentionality is an attempted daily practice.
Intentionality is difficult, however. We are largely habitual creatures, living to our dying days riding the juggernaut of our own indomitable habits. But many cultures have realized a trick to sidetrack the juggernaut — abstaining. They realized that to gain insight into life and influence the locomotive of our habits, we only have to intentionally stop a particular habit or two. That mere effort of will helps reveal how driven we are and gives us precious moments to reflect and perchance steer a bit more to the left or the right, if not outright change our life's direction.
My Christian blogging buddy, Luke at “Toothface”, is giving up soda for Lent. I am not a Christian, but to capitalize on the benefits of denial, and as a gesture to Christian friends like Luke, and to acknowledge that religions do capture valuable truths, for Lent I am giving up “Stats”. For 40 days I will not check my blog's “Stats” page to see how many and who are viewing my blog. As many bloggers know, the Stat-checking habit can become very addictive.
When we abstain from something with the intent of self-reflection it is surprising how many times during a day one feels the pull of the locomotive of habit. There will probably be many opportunities to stop ourselves and reflect when giving up something even as simple as soda or stats. Being an atheist, though, there will be no notion of self-punishment or repentance in my practice but instead, I am practicing so as to taste life more fully and more intentionally. I think Luke's intentions are similar.
Questions for Readers:
For atheists : Do you consider this a sell-out to use religious terms and holidays? Do you feel it re-enforces all the things in religion that you dislike? For those who used to be religious, do you ever feel like you threw the baby out with the wash?
: Do you consider this a sell-out to use religious terms and holidays? Do you feel it re-enforces all the things in religion that you dislike? For those who used to be religious, do you ever feel like you threw the baby out with the wash? For theists: What do you feel about an Atheist using your tradition's holiday? How do you wrestle with non-believers grasping deeper truths that you too hold albeit wrapped in your tradition?
WatchDogs
Product Description
You play as Aiden Pearce, a brilliant hacker and former thug, whose criminal past led to a violent family tragedy. Now on the hunt for those who hurt your family, you'll be able to monitor and hack all who surround you by manipulating everything connected to the city's network. Use the city of Chicago as your ultimate weapon and exact your own style of revenge
The Watch_Dogs special edition contains bonus in-game content: the Breakthrough Pack single player mission!
Digital bonus content
Breakthrough Pack – A secret gathering is underway. The Chicago Club is negotiating power with Corporate CEOs. The Club has hired scramblers to block surveillance devices. Drive around the city to find the scramblers and take them out. Retrieve all names from the meeting and upload their images to the world.
Rewards (Unlocked upon completion of the ULC mission)
VEHICLE EXPERT PERK: Get free vehicles from your Underground Car Contact and earn discounts on select cars.
UPLAY EXCLUSIVE EDITION
Product Description
Exclusive edition available only on Uplay website!
You play as Aiden Pearce, a brilliant hacker and former thug, whose criminal past led to a violent family tragedy. Now on the hunt for those who hurt your family, you'll be able to monitor and hack all who surround you by manipulating everything connected to the city's network. Use the city of Chicago as your ultimate weapon and exact your own style of revenge.
The Watch_Dogs Uplay Exclusive Edition is dedicated to gamers who want to expand their gaming experience.
This edition has an impressive amount of additional content: it includes almost 1 hour of additional gameplay through 3 single player missions. Get the power of hacking and develop your special skills: you'll be rewarded upon completion of the missions.
In addition, to make experience even more special, you'll receive a dedicated steelbook™ offer. You'll also have access to almost 60 minutes of additional gameplay thanks to 3 single player missions, and rewards upon completion of the missions.
Physical content
Exclusive Steelbook™ Palace pack: A police raid is planned on the luxury palace of an Internet mogul. His impressive databanks have intimate details on thousands of people…including Aiden Pearce. Break inside, wipe the hard drives and escape before the raid begins.
Digital content
Rewards (Unlocked upon completion of the ULC mission)
INVESTIGATION BONUS : Unlock more investigative opportunities inside the network databanks.
Unlock more investigative opportunities inside the network databanks. ATM HACK BOOST: Boost your cash rewards when hacking bank accounts.
Signature Shot: A biometrics weapon has been smuggled into Chicago for a captain of the Black Viceroys gang. The weapon only works with the first person who holds the gun.
Breach a stronghold, steal the package and be the first to hold the weapon.
Rewards (Unlocked upon completion of the ULC mission):
BLACK VICEROYS GANG COLOURS OUTFIT
BIOMETRIC ASSAULT RIFLE
Breakthrough Pack: A secret gathering is underway. The Chicago Club is negotiating power with Corporate CEOs. The Club has hired scramblers to block surveillance devices. Drive around the city to find the scramblers and take them out. Retrieve all names from the meeting and upload their images to the world.
Rewards (Unlocked upon completion of the ULC mission)
VEHICLE EXPERT PERK: Get free vehicles from your Underground Car Contact and earn discounts on select cars.
DEDSEC EDITION
Product Description
You play as Aiden Pearce, a brilliant hacker and former thug, whose criminal past led to a violent family tragedy. Now on the hunt for those who hurt your family, you'll be able to monitor and hack all who surround you by manipulating everything connected to the city's network. Use the city of Chicago as your ultimate weapon and exact your own style of revenge.
The Watch_Dogs DedSec Edition is the premium Collector's Edition ideal for any fan wishing to immerse themselves in this hacker fantasy world!
In addition to the Watch_Dogs game, this edition contains a unique figurine of vigilante hero Aiden Pearce, steelbook, an artbook, a map of Chicago, the official soundtrack of the game, a set of 4 iconic character cards, a set of 3 collectible Watch_Dogs logo badges.
You'll also have access to almost 60 minutes of additional gameplay thanks to 3 single player missions, and rewards upon completion of these missions.
Physical content
A 23cm Aiden Pearce Figurine
Steelbook™
DedSec Collector's box
Watch_Dogs Artbook: artworks and illustrations that inspired the game
Original soundtrack of the game
Watch_Dogs map of Chicago
Set of 4 collectible cards: discover Watch_Dogs iconic characters through augmented reality
Set of 3 exclusive badges.
Digital content
3 single payer missions: almost 60 minutes of additional gameplay
Palace Pack: A police raid is planned on the luxury palace of an Internet mogul. His impressive databanks have intimate details on thousands of people…including Aiden Pearce. Break inside, wipe the hard drives and escape before the raid begins.
Rewards (Unlocked upon completion of the ULC mission)
INVESTIGATION BONUS : Unlock more investigative opportunities inside the network databanks.
Unlock more investigative opportunities inside the network databanks. ATM HACK BOOST: Boost your cash rewards when hacking bank accounts.
Signature Shot: A biometrics weapon has been smuggled into Chicago for a captain of the Black Viceroys gang. The weapon only works for the first person who holds the gun.
Breach a stronghold, steal the package and be the first to hold the weapon.
Rewards (Unlocked upon completion of the ULC mission)
BLACK VICEROYS GANG COLOURS OUTFIT
BIOMETRIC ASSAULT RIFLE
Breakthrough Pack: A secret gathering is underway. The Chicago Club is negotiating power with Corporate CEOs. The Club has hired scramblers to block surveillance devices. Drive around the city to find the scramblers and take them out. Retrieve all names from the meeting and upload their images to the world.
Rewards (Unlocked upon completion of the ULC mission)
VEHICLE EXPERT PERK: Get free vehicles from your Underground Car Contact and earn discounts on select cars.
VIGILANTE EDITION
Product Description
You play as Aiden Pearce, a brilliant hacker and former thug, whose criminal past led to a violent family tragedy. Now on the hunt for those who hurt your family, you'll be able to monitor and hack all who surround you by manipulating everything connected to the city's network. Use the city of Chicago as your ultimate weapon and exact your own style of revenge
The Watch_Dogs Vigilante Edition is dedicated to hard core fans who'd like to embody the hacker vigilante in real life! Thanks to the iconic cap and mask offered in this limited edition, you'll feel just like a real modern day hero.
Also included in this edition: the Watch_Dogs official soundtrack and in-game bonus content: single player mission: Palace pack. Develop more hacking skills and unlock rewards.
Physical content
Vigilante Collector's box
Aiden Pearce's iconic cap
Aiden Pearce's mask
Original soundtrack of the game
Digital content
Palace pack: A police raid is planned on the luxury palace of an Internet mogul. His impressive databanks have intimate details on thousands of people…including Aiden Pearce. Break inside, wipe the hard drives and escape before the raid begins.
Rewards (Unlocked upon completion of the ULC mission)
Lou Dobbs: Why is there 'no legal recourse against the ACLU'? David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published: Thursday October 23, 2008
Print This Email This The American Civil Liberties Union has recently been publicizing the existence of a "Constitution-free zone," extending 100 miles from all US borders, within which the Department of Homeland Security claims the right to search and detain individuals without the "reasonable cause" required by the Fourth Amendment.
CNN's Lou Dobbs, known as an aggressive campaigner against illegal immigration, was predictably outraged by the ACLU campaign. Under a graphic reading "ACLU amnesty agenda," he sneered, "The American Civil Liberties Union claims the Department of Homeland Security's efforts to enforce immigration laws are 'unconstitutional.' In point of fact, it is the ACLU actively trying to block enforcement of this nation's laws. Is that constitutional?"
Correspondent Casey Wian briefly reviewed the issue for Dobbs, noting that the ACLU hopes to reduce the Border Patrol's power of warrantless searches through lawsuits or legislation
The Supreme Court ruled decades ago that the Border Patrol has a right to stop and briefly question drivers at checkpoints near the border, even without having a "reasonable suspicion" of any particular car, in the effort to intercept drug smugglers or illegal aliens.
However, the number of people complaining to the ACLU about Border Patrol harassment has leaped since the establishment of the Department of Homeland Security and checkpoints have been observed as far as 93 miles from any border.
"What is the point of what they're suggesting?" Dobbs asked. "They want the borders wide open. They want amnesty for illegal aliens. And they want the drug war to continue to be decided in favor of the drug traffickers."
"There is no legal recourse for an American citizen against the ACLU, is there?" Dobbs concluded, laughing. "Isn't that unconstitutional?"
Dobbs' extremist views on the subject of immigration have been an issue for many years. FAIR has noted that "Dobbs' tone on immigration is consistently alarmist; he warns his viewers of Mexican immigrants who see themselves as an 'army of invaders' intent upon reannexing parts of the Southwestern U.S. to Mexico, announces that 'illegal alien smugglers and drug traffickers are on the verge of ruining some of our national treasures,' and declares that 'the invasion of illegal aliens is threatening the health of many Americans' through 'deadly imports' of diseases like leprosy and malaria."
In 2006, when a immigration bill sponsored by Senators John McCain and Edward Kennedy was under consideration, Dobbs complained falsely that the bill would do "absolutely nothing for border security." Later in the same broadcast, according to Media Matters, "CNN correspondent Casey Wian characterized Mexican President Vicente Fox's trip to Salt Lake City, Utah, as a 'Mexican military incursion,' and claimed that '[y]ou could call' Fox's trip to the United States 'the Vicente Fox Aztlan tour' -- drawing a baseless link between Fox and the reconquista movement, which maintains that portions of the American Southwest (territory referred to by supporters of the theory as 'Aztlan') belong to Mexico. During Wian's report, CNN featured a graphic of "Aztlan" that was sourced to the Council of Conservative Citizens (CCC) -- an organization linked to white supremacists."
This video is from CNN's Lou Dobbs Tonight, broadcast October 22, 2008.
Download video via RawReplay.com
This week President Donald Trump dealt a blow to global warming mitigation efforts with his executive order on energy. The president's directive intends to “promote energy independence and economic growth,” according to the order — mainly by rolling back Obama-era climate policies. The order's chief target is the Clean Power Plan, which requires the power sector to reduce its carbon emissions 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030. It also instructs agencies to reconsider methane regulations and lifts a freeze on federal land leases for coal mining, among other actions. The executive order does not withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord but the nation will likely not meet its greenhouse gas emission targets if Trump's directive succeeds.
Scientific American spoke with Jeffrey Sachs, a leading expert on economic development, director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University and special adviser to the United Nations Secretary General on the Millennium Development Goals, about how the White House's executive order will affect the climate, national economy and international community.
Advertisement:
[An edited transcript of the interview follows.]
President Trump released a major executive order this week on climate and energy. What do you think of it?
Everything the president has done is unwise, dangerous for the planet and bad for the economy. At the same time, I doubt [the executive order] will have much practical significance because it will be challenged in court. And I also don't think a lot of resources will move toward coal, oil or gas. It will end up having a negligible effect — but if it were to have an effect, it would be absolutely detrimental.
The president's executive order aims to promote energy independence. How much does the U.S. currently rely on foreign energy, and how would Trump's directive change that?
We can end our dependence on foreign energy, but not the way Trump conveys it. We have plenty of wind and solar power, and access to hydropower from Canada and solar power from Mexico. Energy dependence on the Middle East should disappear as we move away from a petroleum-dependent economy. The idea that one needs to end the Clean Power Plan or methane regulations or open federal lands to coal mining has nothing to do with our energy independence or security. So yes, we should end our oil import dependence, but not by replacing it with domestic fossil fuel production. Instead, we should replace it with zero-carbon energy.
If President Trump's executive order succeeds, what kind of impact will it have on the economy?
It would hurt the economy by damaging efforts to address climate change, which is already costly — and it will become more costly over time unless we get it under control. There is no positive in what Trump has done. I doubt it's going to achieve anything though, because it's against the law. Regulations cannot just be trampled on by an executive order — the Environmental Protection Agency is obliged under the Clean Air Act to regulate carbon dioxide as a pollutant. This has been confirmed by the courts many times. There are also investors who know more than to put their money behind a vacuous executive order. In this sense, Trump's order is roughly akin to the [executive order barring immigration from several majority-Muslim countries] in that it's a campaign promise, but it's mostly empty words.
We now have a president who has previously denied the existence of climate change, and whose administration is now pulling back on U.S. climate action. How do you predict this will affect the rest of the world?
If there is follow-through, it will hand low-carbon energy leadership to China. So the big effect will be on our industrial, technological base. We will set it back because the rest of the world will move to low-carbon energy — and the countries that provide the cutting-edge technology will derive economic benefit from it. China is already in the race to be the low-cost provider of just about every renewable energy, electric vehicles, smart rail — and the Chinese government has announced that by 2025 it wants China to be an advanced technology leader in the low-carbon economy. Trump is basically telling them, “Go ahead — the U.S. is going to become the champion of the 20th-century economy.”
Do you think the administration and Congress can be persuaded to address climate change?
Yes, eventually this will change. Some of our Republican senators will see that this is really detrimental to U.S. security — not only because of the climate effect but because of the technology competition with China. Some of our leading businesses will start to emphasize that this is a very costly, backward-looking, anti-industrial policy, and that will have an impact as well.
Advertisement:
This whole executive order, the political appointments that Trump has made and the attempt to revive the Keystone XL Pipeline [a proposed Canada–U.S. oil pipeline] are all contrary to market forces, science and America's competitive needs. There will be a growing realization that none of this makes sense, and that will be the reason for a reversal. But when that will happen is hard to predict.
How do you predict the next four — or eight — years will play out, for climate change action in the U.S. and globally?
I predict we will continue to see more investments in low-carbon energy as well as in the electrification of transport in general, and personal vehicles in particular. We'll see particular regions of the U.S. such as the Northeast and California keep moving forward in these efforts — and even surprising areas like parts of Texas, which are investing heavily in wind and solar power, will continue to do so as well.
The rest of the world, I believe, will similarly continue on the trajectory set by the Paris climate agreement. There may be some countries that point to the U.S. and see this as a blessing for a slowdown. But almost everyone has figured out the truth. Gulf countries know they can't rely on oil in the future, and Australia has lost 80 percent of the Great Barrier Reef to warming ocean temperatures, which is a huge wake-up call.
We may not have the clarity, the intensity and the consistency we need to achieve the goals of the Paris agreement, but we're not going to have a reversal of direction. And at some point we're going to dramatically pick up the pace. I hope, of course, that it's not too late.
Advertisement:
You've previously mentioned that you are going to help start a new political party. What exactly are you doing and why do you feel it's necessary?
A widening group of people feel that both parties, in their mainstream, are too much in the pockets of vested interests. It's leading to bad public policy, a weakening of America's economic base and an unraveling of our social base. The people I'm speaking with are looking at ways we can help to move both the existing parties back toward fairness and rationality, and spring them free from lobbying power. That may be an independent party or it may be an aggressive challenge to the incumbents of both parties, or some combination of the two. But it won't be business as usual.
Space Demons is a book by Australian author Gillian Rubinstein. First released in 1985, the young adult science fiction novel is the first of the 'Space Demons' trilogy. The book was awarded the CBCA Book of the Year for Older Readers in 1987.[1] The book is often studied in Australian high schools as a text, and was used by the Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority as a reference text for VCE Drama.[2] The book is centered on a group of four school children who enter a video game world through a Japanese prototype video game cartridge.[3] The two subsequent books in the trilogy are Skymaze and Shinkei.[4]
Summary [ edit ]
The main four characters in the book are Andrew Hayford, Ben Challis, Elaine Taylor and Mario Ferrone. The plot starts when Andrew's dad brings him an exciting prototype video game from Japan. Andrew, who is a video game enthusiast, shows it to his best friend Ben Challis, who agrees to play the game with him. Later, two other players are introduced to the game: Mario Ferrone and Elaine Taylor. It is later revealed that it is possible to get transported into the game by means of a special gun, which only works when a strong beam of hate is directed at someone. Later on, the four get trapped inside the game and gradually work out the only way to escape and thus win the game is if they conquer their hate.[5]
COLLEGE PARK, Md. (AP) — A University of Maryland student has been charged with making up a story about being robbed at gunpoint because she owed money to a relative.
Prince George's County police say 18-year-old Teshauna Jones has been charged with making a false statement.
Police have investigated several recent robberies on and around the College Park campus. Jones told police that she was robbed around midnight Monday as she walked home from the College Park Metro station. Numerous officers and police dogs responded to the scene to search for a suspect.
Police say they reviewed surveillance footage and discovered that the events described by Jones did not occur. She was re-interviewed, and police say she admitted fabricating the robbery.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
A drone pilot's nightmare came true when operators lost control of an armed MQ-9 Reaper flying a combat mission over Afghanistan on Sunday. That led a manned U.S. aircraft to shoot down the unresponsive drone before it flew beyond the edge of Afghanistan airspace.
The U.S. Air Force stated that a manned aircraft took "proactive measures" to shoot down the Reaper, which ended up crashing into the side of a mountain. Reaper drones have typically engaged in hunter-killer missions over Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan by targeting enemies on the ground with Hellfire missiles.
More than one drone has fallen out of the sky over the past few days. Aviation Weekly noted that a smaller MQ-1 Predator crashed on September 11 at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada, and another Predator just crashed today in Iraq for reasons other than hostile fire.
But the Reaper incident in particular raises questions about the backup control systems over unmanned aerial systems, and what steps are available to prevent drones from falling into enemy hands when they go rogue.
Both the Reaper and Predator have a "zero out" function that permits operators to wipe their data remotely. Still, that might not work if the link between operator and drone goes dead.
Such "lost link" incidents actually represent common troubles for the two drone types. Predator pilots constantly update a set pattern for their drones, so that the plane will loiter in that pattern if it loses communication with its operator (which happens frequently). The drones are even programmed to automatically head toward home to reestablish contact if the link remains dead for too long.
If communications cannot be restored and the failsafe measures fail (as they appear to have here), current drones lack remote-kill or self-destruct mechanisms. Prior crashes or incidents have required ground forces to secure the area, or manned aircraft to destroy the damaged asset.
These issues have special relevance for today's U.S. Air Force, which has scrambled to reinvent itself and train thousands of pilots to keep up with the demand for unmanned missions. We're still far from fearing self-aware drones or machines running amok, but a "dumb" drone without adequate human control represents no less a worry for commanders.
via Aviation Weekly
JNU Vice Chancellor M Jagadesh Kumar has asked the government to install an army tank on campus
Jawaharlal Nehru University or JNU, which was at the centre of a controversy for alleged anti-India slogans last year, was filled with a patriotic spirit on Sunday as the varsity observed 'Kargil Vijay Diwas' to mark the sacrifices of Indian soldiers in the 1999 war.It started with the JNU faculty and students along with the kin of Kargil martyrs and members of Veterans India, a body of ex-servicemen, holding a march with a 2,200-feet-long tricolour and paying tributes at the Wall of Heroes - located in JNU's convention centre where 21 portraits of Param Vir Chakra awardees are exhibited.The programme also witnessed a performance by the army band. At the event, women family members of soldiers who died fighting in the Kargil war were felicitated.JNU Vice Chancellor M Jagadesh Kumar termed the programme as "historic", and said it was an important day to remember the sacrifices made by the Army and other security forces for the country.The Vice Chancellor also said the varsity has asked union ministers Dharmendra Pradhan and VK Singh, who were present at the function, to help them (JNU) procure an army tank which can be put up on display in the campus so that students can be reminded of the sacrifices and valour of the soldiers."I request General VK singh to help us procure an army tank so that we can place it at a prominent place in JNU. The presence of the tank will remind thousands of students about the great sacrifices & valour of our Indian Army," Mr Jagadesh Kumar said.Lauding the 'Kargil Vijay Diwas' initiative taken by JNU, Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Dharmendra Pradhan, said JNU created history today by organising a 'Tiranga March', setting up Wall of Heroes and by raising slogans of "Bharat Mata ki Jai" and "Vande Mataram".He further said "In no other country, is the Army being questioned. As India is a democracy, some powers dare to show India in poor light. May God give such people better sense".Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh was also present at the event. "The outside forces never succeeded with their powers. They became successful only when an insider helped them out. The Indian veterans have been trying to instill the spirit of unity in every Indian heart," the former Army chief said.He added that Indian soldiers work with the feeling that the nation is above all and there is no division within the Army on the grounds of religion, caste and community. He said that the Indian Army is the best in terms of observing human rights. Veterans India's Maj Gen GD Bakshi spoke of how Indian soldiers guard the nation's treacherous borders with Pakistan in extremely inhospitable weather conditions in Jammu and Kashmir.
Beauty need not just be in the eyes of the beholder with the HTC One that seamlessly blends timeless class with post-modern functionality to present a phone will reshape your smartphone experience.
UltraPixel Camera
The HTC One captures 300 per cent more light in each frame with its UltraPixel 4 MP primary camera that brings ultimate clarity and detail to each life-like photo that you capture with ease.
The phone supports full HD recording and automatically captures up to 20 photos and one three-second video for every picture that you click, giving you dynamic photography in a platter. The HTC Video Highlights feature crafts its own video show of any event which is completely customizable and easily shareable. It comes with a 2.1 MP secondary camera for easy video chats as well.
HTC BoomSound
Dual frontal stereo speakers with built-in amplifiers ensure that the bass and the treble of your favorite track are not distorted even a little bit when you play it on the HTC One that sports BoomSound that is loud enough to gather a crowd. Perfect for music on the go, the phone reproduces sounds exactly as they are supposed to sound.
HTC BlinkFeed
The phone runs on the Jelly Bean operating system that has an HTC overlay. The HTC Blinkfeed picks up feed from all your social networks, news and such to stream it live on the home screen ensuring that you are constantly updated on all that you need to know. This ensures that you do not have to open up separate apps to find what content has been updated and what you need to keep in the loop about.
Dual SIM Cards
Eliminating the need to maintain two separate phones for the office and home, the HTC One comes with dual SIM support that lets you customize based on what you need from two different networks, letting you get the best of both. This also means that you have great coverage wherever you go.
The video player for Flutter with a heart of gold.
The video_player plugin provides low-level access to video playback. Chewie uses the video_player under the hood and wraps it in a friendly Material or Cupertino UI!
In your pubspec.yaml file within your Flutter Project:
dependencies: chewie: <latest_version>
Use it #
import 'package:chewie/chewie.dart'; final videoPlayerController = VideoPlayerController.network( 'https://flutter.github.io/assets-for-api-docs/videos/butterfly.mp4'); final chewieController = ChewieController( videoPlayerController: videoPlayerController, aspectRatio: 3 / 2, autoPlay: true, looping: true, ); final playerWidget = Chewie( controller: chewieController, );
Please make sure to dispose both controller widgets after use. For example by overriding the dispose method of the StatefulWidget :
@override void dispose() { videoPlayerController.dispose(); chewieController.dispose(); super.dispose(); }
Please run the app in the example/ folder to start playing!
Migrating from Chewie < 0.9.0
Instead of passing the VideoPlayerController and your options to the Chewie widget you now pass them to the ChewieController and pass that latter to the Chewie widget.
final playerWidget = Chewie( videoPlayerController, aspectRatio: 3 / 2, autoPlay: true, looping: true, );
becomes
final chewieController = ChewieController( videoPlayerController: videoPlayerController, aspectRatio: 3 / 2, autoPlay: true, looping: true, ); final playerWidget = Chewie( controller: chewieController, );
iOS warning #
The video player plugin used by chewie is not functional on iOS simulators. An iOS device must be used during development/testing. Please refer to this issue.
Carrying on the great tradition of Alicia Keys, Christina Aguilera, Kathy Lee Gifford, and the Grambling University Band, Renee Fleming will take on the task of providing bookies with another prop bet by singing “The Star-Spangled Banner” at Super Bowl XLVIII on Sunday, February 2.
Fleming is an acclaimed opera singer who has picked up four Grammys over the course of her career and is probably best known outside of the classical world as one of the voices on the soundtrack to The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King and for her odd (but not unpleasant) collection of indie rock covers from a few years ago. (She also sang the theme song to the 2012 animated disaster Rise of the Guardians.) She's undoubtedly one of the most competently trained singers to take on the National Anthem at the Super Bowl in some time—it's a challenging song that has derailed all kinds of performers, especially on big stages.
The addition of Fleming completes the circle of music performers at this year's Super Bowl, with Bruno Mars and the Red Hot Chili Peppers handling the halftime show. U2 will also reportedly have some sort of presence during the course of the broadcast, most likely in the form of an ad in support of their new single “Invisible” and/or their upcoming new album. And Prince will be appearing on a special episode of New Girl that is airing right after the game.
The job of Super Bowl National Anthem singer is tough, because usually the best you can hope for is to be pleasantly forgettable. Nobody wants to mess it up, but at the same time, it would be difficult to top Whitney Houston's rendition of “The Star-Spangled Banner” before Super Bowl XXV in 1991, which is one of the greatest music moments in all television history.
Who is your favorite Super Bowl National Anthem singer?
It Must Be Christmas Time, Because Target Is Losing People's Personal Information Again
from the targeted-app dept
The season of Christmas is upon us. You can feel it everywhere, from the holiday decorations, to the television specials, to the waning interest in workplace productivity. Oh, yeah, and Target is back in the news for losing people's personal information again.
Hackers can access your personal information from Target -- again -- thanks to a flaw in the retailer's mobile app. In a blog post Tuesday, researchers from security company Avast revealed the flaw, which allows unauthorized access to customers' addresses, phone numbers and other personal information from wish lists created with the Target app. The only merry tidings are that credit card numbers don't appear to be stored with the wish lists, so financial information isn't vulnerable.
We are committed to making this right and are investing in the internal processes and systems needed to reduce the likelihood that this ever happens again. For example, we are accelerating our plans to put chip-enabled technology in our stores and on our Target REDcards by early 2015, six months ahead of our previous plan.
To our surprise, we discovered that the Target app's Application Program Interface (API) is easily accessible over the Internet. An API is a set of conditions where if you ask a question it sends the answer. Also, the Target API does not require any authentication. The only thing you need in order to parse all of the data automatically is to figure out how the user ID is generated. Once you have that figured out, all the data is served to you on a silver platter in a JSON file.
The JSON file we requested from Target's API contained interesting data, like users' names, email addresses, shipping addresses, phone numbers, the type of registries, and the items on the registries.
This of course reminds shoppers everywhere of that time Target was the victim of a hack that resulted in the exposure of millions of customers' credit card information . That breach was so bad, and the news of it so well circulated, that Target set up a website page dedicated to telling customers all about it, assuring them not only that they wouldn't be responsible for any charges on those credit cards, but also assuring customers that the company was, like,dedicated to security moving forward.The vulnerability of the Target app, however, isn't something that could be prevented by a chip. It would have required something as technologically advanced as basic authentication , according to Avast, which published the vulnerability.So much for all that dedication to security. Merry Christmas, Target shoppers!
Filed Under: data breach, personal info
Companies: target
For anyone who has followed Staten Island Congressman Michael Grimm's career, the fact that he would threaten to throw a television reporter off the Congressional balcony after the State of the Union, saying “I will break you in half” and “you're not man enough…like a boy” should not come as a surprise.
Grimm was elected to the House in 2010, riding a Tea Party wave to best a one-term Democratic incumbent. And even then, in the tight-knit community of Staten Island, where politicians couldn't get elected to the city council unless their grandparents can be accounted for, Grimm was a newcomer, and something of a mystery.
His resume sounded too good to be true. Grimm is a U.S. Marine who served in the first Gulf War, turned FBI agent (colleagues nicknamed him “Mikey Suits” for his sharp outfits) who went undercover to bring down a Mafia ring, turned small businessman. He is Catholic, but raised a boatload of money from people associated with a mystical rabbi who advised LeBron James and spent most of his time in Israel.
Democrats always thought something didn't add up—why did he quit the FBI? Why was he photographed in his U.S. Army uniform wearing medals he hadn't seemed to earn? How did he know the rabbi? Why did the businesses keep failing?
Nothing stuck and the questions kept coming, even as he easily won a second term in 2012. There was the long New Yorker article in 2011 about the difficulty of relying on confidential informants for police work, and that included details about Grimm's time at the FBI, including how the now-congressman pulled out a gun in an altercation at a nightclub, only to return a few hours later, brandish the weapon again, and instructed that “all the white people get out of here.”
Then there was the report that one of Grimm's business partners from an energy concern in Texas was convicted of stealing $2 million from customers. News that the securities firm where he worked after his FBI gig was “sanctioned repeatedly by regulators for gouging customers.” His health restaurant was being sued for paying employees off the books and below minimum wage.
There was the time he got into a nearly physical confrontation with a voter who disagreed with him at a supermarket. After another nearly physical fight with some hecklers at a Memorial Day parade, Bill de Blasio, then NYC's public advocate and now its mayor, said at the time that Grimm was “doing the scandal variety show. Always a new one to look at every week.”
The reason Grimm threatened to break in half television reporter Michael Scotto was because, Scotto, who works for the local cable news station NY1, asked Grimm after the State of the Union address about a scandal that has been dogging him for over a year. It concerns Rabbi Pinto, who provided the gateway to Grimm's massive fundraising before his first run for office. According to several reports, Grimm promised one of Pinto's top deputies help with his immigration issues if the aide helped Grimm skirt campaign finance laws. According to the allegations Grimm more than once accepted cash-stuffed envelopes, and the FBI and the House Ethics Committee are investigating. And two weeks ago, federal agents arrested another one of Grimm's associates, a Texas woman accused of funneling thousands of illegal campaign contributions to him.
Grimm of course has denied wrongdoing, calling the numerous inquiries into his behavior little more than a partisan witch-hunt, which by Grimm's standards, is actually pretty tame.
A Republican congressman from New York City apologized to his family and constituents Friday for his drunken driving arrest after a night on the town with New Yorkers who were in Washington for the Giants' White House celebration.
Vito J. Fossella, who represents Staten Island and part of Brooklyn, was arrested outside Washington early Thursday after a dinner celebrating the football team's meeting with President Bush to honor this year's Super Bowl win. He said he was heading to meet some friends in Virginia when he was pulled over in Alexandria.
Court records show that Fossella, who was charged with drunken driving, had a blood-alcohol level of 0.17 percent, more than twice the legal limit. If he is convicted, he will have to serve a mandatory five days in jail due to a minimum that kicks in for levels above 0.15 percent.
CBS Station WCBS reports that Fossella held a carefully-scripted press briefing in Staten Island on Friday, coached by aides and refusing to answer specific questions about his arrest.
Pleading forgiveness, he said he failed to set an example and deeply regrets his actions.
"This was an error in judgment," he said. "This was a mistake I will never make again."
According to The New York Times, the Alexandria, Va. police report stated Fossella had a "strong smell of alcoholic beverage" and failed several sobriety tests after he was stopped for running a red light. Fossella reportedly told the policeman that he was driving to pick up his daughter to take to the hospital.
However on Friday, the Times reports, Fossella said that he was on his way to visit friends when he was pulled over.
Fossella announced he would not resign. He would not comment on the specifics of the case.
"Politics right now is the last thing on my mind. Right now, it's the embarrassment I caused my family, my friends and the people of this community," he said.
The New York congressman spent more than six hours in jail. The arrest could complicate a re-election bid this year for Fossella, who is New York City's only Republican representative in Congress.
The Democratic Party has eyed Fossella as a potential target in elections this year, when Republicans were already expecting an uphill fight. Two Democrats are competing in a primary for the chance to unseat him.
Political consultant Mike Paul, who has served as an aide to Republicans including former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and Sen. Alfonse D'Amato, said Fossella has already taken the right first step by not waiting to speak publicly.
"Long term, this is a flash in the pan," Paul said. "He's got to handle it the right way and get back on his message."
Even though Fossella has spoken out against President Bush on some issues like the Iraq war, the national Republican leadership has rallied to lend him a hand in his re-election campaign, sending Vice President Dick Cheney to endorse him recently.
Fossella won the seat in a 1997 special election while serving on the City Council.
I apologize for posting this a full week late. I was super impressed by how promptly my santa sent out my package (way back on the first day after matches were made!) He went above and beyond and wrote me a very kind letter telling me about himself as well as why he picked the books he did. Equally cool was the Bunker Hill book was one of his own favorites, a book I'd never heard of (and as a voracious reader, I love discovering new and interesting reads!) and he told me why he liked it as well as how the author had inspired another author he'd seen from my GoodReads that I'd read. We were both first timers at these gift exchanges and I am so impressed by how much thought and effort he put in! Loved the Oklahoma postcards too which he included for me to use as bookmarks.
I've been really sick the last week so this was by far the highlight of my week and awesomely timed. Thanks again!
The U.S. Senate late Tuesday confirmed the nomination of Richard Cordray as head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). On a 66-34 vote, Cordray became the first Director of the consumer financial watchdog agency created by the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010.
The Senate avoided a self-inflicted meltdown late Monday night when the two political parties reached a deal to allow votes on several stalled executive nominations, including Cordray. His confirmation was the first in an expected series of votes to approve appointments long-stalled by Republicans seeking structural changes to some regulatory agencies.
In deference to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's (D-Nev.) threats to change Senate rules to prohibit the use of filibusters to block nominees — the so-called “nuclear option” — Republicans allowed the vote to take place in exchange for no alteration of parliamentary rules. Two nominees to the National Labor Relations Board also will be withdrawn and replaced with new appointees.
Senate Republicans have been blocking votes on seven of President Obama's nominees to various appointed positions using the filibuster. But the block on Cordray was the most divisive. Senators voted 71-29 on Tuesday to end the filibuster on Cordray, paving the way for the official confirmation vote hours later.
With official Senate approval of a Director, the CFPB's full regulatory mandate can be executed. According to the law which created it, the CFPB had to have a director in place before many of its powers could be tapped. Although Cordray has been Director for nearly a year and a half, his lack of Senate approval hung over the operations of the watchdog. Many of the CFPB's detractors hoped that preventing a confirmation would pave the way to unwind the agency.
“With Director Cordray's confirmation, we will be able to say loudly, clearly, and with confidence: the consumer agency is the law of the land and is here to stay,” said Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), who created and then championed the CFPB more than three years ago. “We fought hard for the agency, and we proved that big change is still possible in Washington.”
The CFPB Wednesday posted a video message on its blog from Cordray addressing the confirmation:
Almost immediately following the news of the deal, Republicans in the Senate moved to continue their attempts to fix what they say are fundamental structural issues with the CFPB. Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) announced his intention to bring legislation creating an official inspector general (IG)for the CFPB.
“Given the CFPB's insulation from congressional oversight, it is critical that it have a dedicated, Senate-confirmed internal watchdog – just as the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 created an independent IG for tax administration to ensure robust oversight,” said Portman. “Given the important role we've seen an IG play in the IRS scandal, creating an independent IG dedicated to this large bureaucracy with vast powers is a commonsense step we can take to ensure greater transparency and accountability at the CFPB. I hope the White House and Rich join me in pushing for this commonsense, bipartisan reform.”
While the CFPB does not currently have a dedicated inspector general, the IG responsible for the Federal Reserve does have domain over the Bureau's activities. The CFPB is an independent unit operating within and funded by the Fed.
Cordray was nominated in July 2011 to head the CFPB. But Senate Republicans blocked a vote on his confirmation for months as they tried to change the structure of the new agency to include a five-member commission at the top of the CFPB — similar to the power structure at the Federal Trade Commission — and more Congressional oversight. Obama used his recess appointment authority to install Cordray shortly after the 2012 new year while the Senate was in recess.
But the move led to legal challenges, as Republicans insist they were not in recess. They had devised a plan to call pro forma sessions of Congress every third day specifically to block Cordray's appointment. There is at least one ongoing lawsuit challenging Cordray's appointment and authority to lead the CFPB.
One court case on a similar move by Obama has been decided, however. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ruled in February that the President's other recess appointments at the same time, to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), were unconstitutional. Those nominees were the ones withdrawn in the deal reached Monday.
Obama re-nominated Cordray earlier this year. Shortly thereafter, Senate Republicans ramped up their efforts to stall the nomination and directly address the CFPB authority by introducing bills and sending a letter to President Obama.
Everything Wrong With Face The Music(parody)
Okay guys so first off I loved the finale, like really. And we are getting Season 3 this summer and a 4th season in the future! This just may be the Steven Universe of Disney XD! But anyway, let's get on with this
NOTE: SVTFOE belongs to Disney and Daron Nefcy, Cinemasins belongs to Jeremy Scott and Chris Atkinson. Enjoy!
Everything Wrong With ''Face The Music'' (spoilers, duh)
''Mom! Worst. Song. Ever.''
Ugghh, I agree with Star this song is cheesy to high hell and back(ding)
''Yes Star it's a tradition as old as the kingdom itself and is you official introduction as future queen to the people of Mewni.''
Wait, so shouldn't this song have been sung when she was born? Would make more sense as an intro but then we'd have no episode(ding)
And remember Star, the people of Mewni like their princess songs light and fluffy. Can you handle that?
This is gonna be a major contradiction later(ding)
Wow, Moon with her hair down, take off a sin(reverse ding)
''At least call me when you get there!''
Wait so is that phone Star have something from Mewni? Maybe I missed some episodes or Mewni has some Schizo Tech? But then why have cell phones and yet when Star came to Earth she got scared of a water fountain?(ding)
''And may I just say, though we have much to do how much of a pleasure it is to meet you-''
''Stop, I get it. Come in.''
Seriously guys I don't know if it's Mewberty but Star is a major (bleep) in this episode. Pardon my French.(ding)
''Well if you have mint tea it might-''
''As a matter of fact we do! Marco is a member of the Tea of the Month Club!''
Then why didn't he go get the tea?(ding)
Ruberiot, I know you're new to Earth but clearly if you see Marco's watching the TV screen, kinda rude to start playing like that, especially since you're a guest in his home(ding)
''Hey Janna-Banana, wanna go to the mall?''
(Sigh) This isn't even the worst part just wait till later.(ding)
Moon, I get you need to keep a low profile which is why you didn't bring guards, but you seriously couldn't bring any weapons or armor?(ding)
''Not even gonna pick up a guy's crown for him.'' (Crown falls off again)
Okay Brudo's pretty funny, lose a sin(reverse ding)
''My dear we have company, might want to get dressed.'' (Lady Avarius stand up and baby flies away)
Wait Ludo comes from a bird like species right? And birds don't breastfeed their young as far as I know, and if she wasn't doing that why did Brudo tell her to get dressed when she has clothes on?(ding)
''I'm sorry to intrude. Please accept this bag of corn.''
Wait so you brought a pouch of corn as a bargaining piece but couldn't bring any sort of protection when you were going into a deadly forest?(ding)
''Corn! We don't need corn! We're doing great, thanks!''
''But perhaps we can find someone else who can use it.'' (Stuffs corn into robe)
Let's see, grumpy husband, wife with a black eye who smuggles food from a caring stranger yep it's a subtle hinting at a domestic abuse situation. See this is why animated stuff isn't ''just for kids'' like many like to say. Aside from great plots and character development, there's also these subtle things that only older audience members would pick up on(reverse ding)
Okay I'm just gonna go down the list… Dudo, Kudo, Mudo, Tudo, Fudo, Zudo…''
''I have no idea who that is.''
''Not...Dennis!''
Wow you couldn't find a name for your other son with the udo part? Was Dudo taken?(ding)
''We don't say that name in this house anymore, not since he and his goons took over our castle and changed the locks while we were on vacation.''
Wait how the hell did they do that? Did you have an army of guards or were Ludo's monsters your original guards who betrayed you? Or did they just beat your original army? If the latter your army is weak as (bleep) because Star and Marco kicked their asses several times a week in Season 1.(ding)
''Well what do you expect? We had alot of kids. Ludo was the runt! He couldn't even fit in the family picture!''
Why didn't you just get him a stool?(ding)
Wait so I just noticed the music in the background, and I can tell it's not the soundtrack. So on Mewni they have phonograms and apparently cameras from the looks of the picture. Could be Schizo Tech but since Star didn't know what plumbing or electricity was coming to Earth I'm calling bullshit(ding)
''There there. We can't always control the path our children choose to take.''
See this is what I'm talking about. This really strikes a cord with the parents who are watching with the kids. You can raise them the best you can, but ultimately they decide their fate. Plus this is great foreshadowing(reverse ding)
''Where is Princess Star? Has she traveled far? I am very musically skilled but if I don't write this I'll surely be ki-''
Okay again this is why this isn't just a kids' show. You may think he's joking but he said surely so what the Queen and King were really gonna have Ruberiot executed if Star didn't cooperate and have her song written? This just got dark(ding)
''If you don't leave right now, maybe I'll leave for good.''
This line from the trailer makes more sense in this context, as I couldn't figure out how Star would say this to Marco in his own house. Again nice foreshadowing(reverse ding)
''Hey Staaarrr. Before you leave us alone again, for a very long time with no explanation..''
Marco, buddy you haven't seen nothing yet(ding)
''Please just do what he says. He's been singing at me for 8 hours asking where you are!''
''Well I'm sorry but I don't want anything to do with Ruberiot and his stupid Princess songs.''
Look Star, you're frustrated by your mom's high expectations I get it. But Ruberiot is just trying to do his job. AND preserve his life(ding)
''He's uh, he's staring at us isn't he?'' (Ruberiot staring from the living room)
Creepy ass foreshadowing(ding)
(Moon sees figure jumping in the trees) ''I know you're there. Come on out if you know what's good for you.''
This is why you should've come armed. What would you have done if it hadn't been Dennis?(ding)
''Ruby just stop. Please stop. I know my mom sent you here but honestly I can't help you. Princess songs are objectively awful. They are these trite little puff pieces about perfect little princesses with perfect little lives, and that's not me! And songstriels like you are part of the problem! You music just puts pressure on future princesses to be perfect! So you might as well take your stupid notebook, and your stupid lute and go back to Mewni because I have no interest in helping some stupid hack write a stupid princess song!
Wow Star, Seriously is it your time of the month because seriously you are being so mean. I get it, the expectations placed upon you are frustrating but you said it yourself that your mother the Queen is making him do this so why are you taking all of this out on him, you (bleep). (ding)
Moon walks into her chambers and throws off her cloak. She stands in front of two diamond doors. Her cheeks and the diamonds in the door glow and they open revealing an armored dress
Wow Moon has really leveled up. First she was the typical strict queen mother with high expectations but she's really a badass ruler deep down. Lose a sin!(reverse ding)
Although why the fuck didn't she bring it with her to the deadly forest, or at least the swords?(ding)
Star and Marco rush through the door to their seats. ''Hey everyone. Mom hi. ''Hey queen.''
Marco in a royal outfit. As a Starco shipper I like this foreshadowing.(reverse ding)
''I had the worst wardrobe malfunction. Do you know how hard it is to find a decent shoulder tassle in an Earth mall? Oh hey mom you have a little thingie in your hair?''
How did she not notice that when she was getting her hair done?(ding)
''Weaving magic like a born spellcaster, and wreaking havoc like a natural disaster, she rocks her narwhal blasts and warnicorn stampeeeede! She's gonna earn her crown so hail to the Queeeen! She's a rebel princess she's the best! She's a ball of lightning in a hot pink dress!''
Okay this song is hella dope. Minus 3 sins(three reverse dings)
(Rhombulus stands up pumping fists into the air) ''Yeah that's my girl!''
Nice continuity reference. Minus another sin.(reverse ding)
''What a delightful little ditty! Good job, Star!''
The song wasn't really light and fluffy, except for the beginning. But perhaps after learning about Ludo's relationship with his family Moon probably decided to be a bit lenient. Nice character development(reverse ding)
''Shooting Star shining in the night so bright, started to attract a pair of envious eyes! The villiain rose up from behind the jester's draw, she drove him away but didn't know what she had lost. Glossaryck and her book of spells, how could she know Ludo would take them for himself, she confessed to her parents all full of dread! The King and Queen exchanged a look and this is what they said, this is what they said, this is what they said…We will keeeep the silence for you ,from the citizens of Mewni and the High Commission too!
''Star?!''
(Star groans nervously)
''Star?!''
''Mom what did you expect, I couldn't right some puff piece! I had to do what felt right for me!''
Okay, so in all my time as a nerd/geek/fanboy, I have never seen any character fuck up THIS badly. Star I can understand and even sympathize with wanting a song that was more honest about who you were, but in what dimension did it seem like a good idea to tell the whole damn kingdom(or multiverse since the Commission and probably people from neighboring kingdoms were in attendance) about how you lost the Book of Spells and the little all-powerful dwarf man who serves whoever the book belongs to? What the actual fuck?!(3 dings)
''Royal secret, one last to tell, a princess under true love's spell…''
''Oh no.''
HAAAAHAAAAHAHAHA, Star's face is priceless!(reverse ding)
''Who is the boy in the earthly attire? The prince of the Princess' deepest desires! I don;t need to show it, I think we all know it but just to be certain I'll say it agaaaiin, Star Butterfly is in love with, her, best, friend… And his name is Marco Diaz''.
Well Star, the worst nightmare of any teenager has come true for you. Someone in the most elaborate and embarassing way possible told everyone(including your parents) who the love of your life is. Right in front of them. Seems like karma's a (bleep) just like you(reverse ding)
''Mom I didn't realize this would happen. I thought they wanted to know the real Star Butterfly.''
Why the fuck didn't you leave it at the second part. It would've been short but sweet, I personally prefer the song before it mentioned Glossaryck or Marco.(ding)
''They don't Star. They just want to believe that you're a perfect little princess. And sometimes the truth is dangerous.''
See, great foreshadowing. Sounds like Moon had to learn this the hard way.(reverse ding)
Also the song was fine Star until you FUCKING spouted royal secrets to the whole damn kingdom!(ding)
''With all due respect Moon, withdrawing information about Glossaryck and the spell book has put us all in danger!
Nice to see Hekapoo again, minus a sin(reverse ding)
''So uh…''
''Hold that thought, Marco.''(Runs over to window, pulls out wand and summons Cloudy)
''Hey Star!''
''Hey Cloudy, let's get out of here.''(Flies off into the night)
You gotta be fucking kidding me? YOU GOTTA BE FUCKING KIDDING ME! Star Butterfly, the future queen of Mewni basically started a damn riot revealing confidental secrets to the public(which could lead to further trouble since if rival kingdoms are in attendance and any of them have a bone to pick with Mewni, this gives them the opportunity they'd be looking for) got her mother in trouble with the MHC, AND dropped a major bombshell on her best friend. And what does she do? She just nopes the fuck out, leaving her parents, allies and best friend and love interest to deal with the angry mob of citizens outside who may just start getting more violent, especially if you know anything about history you know this type of shit usually leads to a fucking coup, and yet she leaves everyone behind? Look I still love Star, and I know that this will help her develop as a character. But this is still the biggest ''What The Hell hero'' moment I've ever seen in animation history, this (bleep) is getting 10 sins(ten dings)
Sin total: 23
Sentence: Just Friends ( ''And now we'll be, juuuusst friiieendsss…'')
Well guys I hope you enjoyed this piece. I did enjoy the finale and I will get to Starcrushed but I wanted to give you guys this little treat. Don't forget to read and review, peace!
Somewhere, out in the interstellar void, there may be a planet inhabited by hyper-advanced dinosaurs. At least, that's what a new paper by Columbia University chemist Ronald Breslow says.
This morning, friend and fellow science writer David Dobbs forwarded me an American Chemical Society press release titled “Could ‘advanced' dinosaurs rule other planets?” Since I was still a little bleary-eyed at the early hour, I thought I had read that wrong. But I saw it right the first time. “New scientific research raises the possibility that advanced versions of T. rex and other dinosaurs—monstrous creatures with the intelligence and cunning of humans—may be the life forms that evolved on other planets in the universe,” the item explained.
I couldn't help but wonder if the pronouncement was inspired Planet of Dinosaurs—the awful 1978 film about a futuristic space crew stranded on a planet stuck in the dinosaurian heyday of the Mesozoic. But the paper itself suggests a different origin for what is ultimately a fossil-based non sequitur.
Breslow's paper is primarily concerned with why the biochemical signature of life on earth is so consistent. Molecules such as amino acids, sugars, DNA and RNA exist in one of two possible orientations, left-handed or right-handed. Instead of showing a mixture of both forms, biomolecules typically come in only one form: Most sugars have a right-handed orientation, while most amino acids exhibit a left-handed orientation. Why life on earth should exhibit these particular arrangements and not the other possible orientations is a mystery that goes back to the origin of life itself.
One idea, favored by Breslow, is that meteorites carried specific types of amino acids and other organic flotsam to earth around 4 billion years ago. This is an extension of the idea that life here was “seeded” by comets, asteroids or meteorites. The origin and subsequent evolution of our planet's flora and fauna would be constrained by the characteristics of the biomolecules that gave life a jump-start.
None of this has anything to do with dinosaurs. (The first dinosaurs, as far as we know, originated a scant 230 million years ago.) Yet, in closing, Breslow briefly speculates on what alien creatures might look like—perhaps possessing the opposite biochemical orientations of life on earth. “Such life forms could well be advanced versions of dinosaurs,” Breslow writes, “if mammals did not have the good fortune to have the dinosaurs wiped out by an asteroidal collision.” Whatever such space dinosaurs might look like, though, “We would be better off not meeting them,” Breslow warns.
As much as I'm charmed by the idea of alien dinosaurs, Breslow's conjecture makes my brain ache. Our planet's fossil record has intricately detailed the fact that evolution is not a linear march of progress from one predestined waypoint to another. Dinosaurs were never destined to be. The history of life on earth has been greatly influenced by chance and contingency, and dinosaurs are a perfect example of this fact.
Prior to 250 million years ago, the synapsids—our ancestors and relatives—were the dominant creatures on land. But the apocalyptic extinction at the end of the Permian Period eliminated most synapsid lineages, in addition to many other forms of life. This clearing of the ecological slate is what allowed a different group of creatures to proliferate. Early archosaurs, or “ruling reptiles,” included the archaic forerunners of crocodiles, pterosaurs and dinosaurs, in addition to various groups now extinct, and these creatures dominated the Triassic.
Despite what has been traditionally told, though, the dinosaurian branch of the greater archosaur family tree didn't immediately out-compete its neighbors. Eoraptor and Herrerasaurus were not the Triassic terrors they were cast as during the mid-1990s. For the most part, Triassic dinosaurs were small, rare, marginal parts of the ecosystems they inhabited. It was only after another mass extinction at the end of the Triassic, around 200 million years ago, that the competitors of early dinosaurs were removed and the reign of the dinosaurs truly began. “here was nothing predestined or superior about dinosaurs when they first arose,” paleontologist Stephen Brusatte and colleagues wrote in a massive review of dinosaur origins, “and without the contingency of various earth-history events during the early Mesozoic, the Age of Dinosaurs might have never happened.”
Even if we ignore all the major evolutionary events prior to 250 million years ago, the fossil record demonstrates that the origin and rise of the dinosaurs were heavily influenced by two catastrophic extinction events. Had the Permian or Triassic extinctions not happened, there is no indication that dinosaurs would have evolved or come to rule the world—unforeseen events drastically shaped evolutionary history. Why on earth would we expect such patterns to be played out in just the right sequence on another planet? To say that there are dinosaurs on alien worlds presupposes that there is an irresistible direction that all life follows, and that dinosaurs are an inevitable actor in the drawn-out drama. There is no evidence that this is so.
The strange thing is that Breslow acknowledges the role of mass extinctions in evolutionary history. His speculative space dinosaurs are supposedly “advanced” creatures which were spared from oblivion. Other writers have toyed with this concept before, the most famous example being Dougal Dixon's The New Dinosaurs. Sadly, though, Breslow did not include any illustrations or offer specific details about the sort of uber-dinosaurs he has in mind.
Yet, what we know of the history of life on earth dispenses with the need to imagine such fantastic, alien creatures. Dinosaurs still exist—birds are a surviving dinosaur lineage that has exploded into a beautiful array of disparate forms. And some birds, such as ravens, are quite intelligent, so we don't have to wonder about what an especially smart dinosaur would have looked like. The reign of the dinosaurs may have ended 66 million years ago, but their 230-million-year-old legacy continues to this day. A simple shift in our understanding of dinosaur evolution has rescued the beloved creatures from extinction. I deeply doubt that there are dinosaurs in space, but I am glad that at least one variety of feathered dinosaur remains with us here.
References:
Breslow, R. (2012). Evidence for the Likely Origin of Homochirality in Amino Acids, Sugars, and Nucleosides on Prebiotic Earth Journal of the American Chemical Society DOI: 10.1021/ja3012897
Brusatte, S., Nesbitt, S., Irmis, R., Butler, R., Benton, M., & Norell, M. (2010). The origin and early radiation of dinosaurs Earth-Science Reviews, 101 (1-2), 68-100 DOI: 10.1016/j.earscirev.2010.04.001
Novelty… almost a perfect word to describe myself. I'm slightly new to this world, original (because everyone is) and definitely unusual. Until I sat down to write this piece, I had never even considered the actual dictionary meaning of the word “novelty”, but now that I have, the small-wave dream run I've been on actually makes more sense then ever.
Since I was a child, different types of waves have intrigued me more than any other type of surfing. I've always liked spots that broke off of seawalls, on rocks or really anything that didn't make any sense at all. The sketchier, the better. With all that in mind, I'm psyched to walk you through my top 10 most memorable + fun novelty wave experiences.
10. El Slammo
El Slammo is what I guess you could consider my “home novelty break”. It's the first novelty wave I ever discovered—at about 10 years old—and I've been surfing it ever since. Sometimes it's extremely ridable, other times it's extremely deadly, but it's always amazingly fun.
Depending on swell direction it can be a fun, punchy right barrel or a deadly left zipping by the rock jetty. It's also right down the street from my house. A huge bonus is that when it's blowing NE and storming, and everywhere else is massive and un-surfable, El Slammo is waist high and offshore!
9. Coffee's
Coffee's is literally inches from El Slammo. If we were on the North Shore, El Slammo would be backdoor and Coffee's would be Pipe, but there is a key difference here… Coffee's doesn't break, like ever. I've surfed this evasive left hand runner only twice in my 28 years on Earth. I've known about the wave since I was a young kid. I discovered it around the same time that I discovered El Slammo, but never got to witness the miracle actually breaking, until this year.
I discovered Coffee's potential while on a coffee date with my girlfriend. We went down to watch the sunset before dark and to my surprise there was a knee high left hand runner grinding off the rocks. I had to choice but to jump in! Two weeks later I absolutely scored this wave with Rob Kelly. It hasn't broke since.
8. The Mudhole
The Mudhole is another dreamy, little novelty wave stashed right in my backyard. It's probably the most popularized and most surfed, by others, novelty wave in my collection. It's also the first novelty wave I ever surfed.
My dad brought my older brother Hob and I here for my first off the beaten path experience, when I was just 8 years old. The wave breaks in the bay so the bottom is very mucky and muddy, thus giving it the name The Mudhole. There's some rebar in the ground from some old structures that used to stand where the wave breaks, so you have to watch yourself when bailing on a closeout barrel.
This wave needs a hurricane swell to break and usually only lasts a short while, but every now and then you can catch it pretty fun! The day pictured was a random winter day when they were doing construction at the spot. Matt Crowne and myself ventured out to find a sick little peak off the machine barge.
7. The Micro Wedge
I don't really have a name for this spot, and I'm not even really sure that it's a spot, but once you're on a solid novelty run it kind of seems like they pop up all around you. This wave is located about a mile north of El Slammo and Coffee's, making it extremely hard for any swell to reach the break. 99.9 percent of this wave's life, it is dead flat and only lapping because fishing boats are passing by the small beach.
One day I lucked out and discovered a small, bouncing east swell that made it's way in there, rebounding off the small seawall at about one foot. It wasn't much, but to stoke was on and I knew there was probably not going to be another opportunity for this, maybe ever. The micro wedge went off!
6. The Bay Wave
The Bay Wave is the original legitimate bay wave that I've discovered. It's a left that break underneath someone's dock and zips along a bulkhead seawall extremely quickly to end only at another person's dock. Keyword here: sketchy. This was actually break pretty frequently, but I've only scored it really good, once again, during a hurricane or a tropical storm when the ocean is maxing and blown out.
I found this wave about five years ago when I followed some small breaking waves around a dock paddling from the El Slammo area and back toward my house. I paddled under three docks to where the waves and boat wakes would hit the bulkhead and bounce back out to sea or “bay” to create a super fun running left. I've scored this wave very fun a number of times.
5. The Colorado River Wave
Little known fact, there is a ton of river surfing here in the United States. It takes a lot of Internet hunting, friend-adding and luck, but you can score. This past summer during a road trip across country from New Jersey to California, my younger brother, Tucker, and I did so.
Legendary East Coast pro surfer, Gorkin, pointed out to me that June was a great time to catch waves in the Colorado River, and since it was along the way—literally, directly off the highway—we figured we'd might as well stop and give it a try. I contacted the Colorado Surf Supply through Instagram and dialed in a time + place to meet. After an 1,800 mile drive, we were ready to shred.
4. Coffee's Wide Bowl
One of the most interesting things I've seen with a novelty wave so far. We had a slight sand shift at a wave that never breaks and the line up actually started to form into something very rare and extremely epic.
I had surfed Coffee's left runner off the rock and figured I scored it and would probably never surf it again. I was content with that. However, one random morning this past September, we had a small but very long period swell. I think it was something like two feet at 14 secs. The wind was blowing NE and everywhere was blown out or just not even breaking. I randomly woke up early and headed down to check my bay waves.
When I arrived at the bay, I realized that somehow the long period was showing up at Coffee's but pushing through super wide and creating a whole new bowled-out section on the inside. I called Rob Kelly and we were out there. The session turned out to be considerably one of the most high performance novelty sessions I've ever had.
3. Inner Sebastian Inlet
Sebastian Inlet is a wave I've been surfing my entire competitive surfing life. It's one of the most consistent spots breaking in Central Florida and almost always has a small bump to ride. Most people surf it on a S swell, but when I was visiting this past October I was going down everyday to surf it on any direction because the water was warmer then Jersey.
On one particularly northeast wind, and on the night of a full moon, the tide had some up well beyond its normal height. While walking down the boardwalk from grabbing a coffee, I noticed some water splashing above the jetty on the southside where no one surfs. I ran down and to my amazement I found a gritty little left grinding down the rocks inside the inlet. Without a moment passing, I was running to my car to suit up, because these novelty things were starting to follow me and you have to take opportunity as it presents itself.
2. Atlantic City Inlet
By far the most dangerous novelty wave I've ever surfed, the Atlantic City Inlet was a one-and-done event. One random winter day, my buddy Matt Crowne and I drove down to the inlet in Atlantic City to shoot a few portrait pictures for a sponsor. While there, we noticed a surfable left off the rock pile. The area is extremely sketchy—submerged boardwalk debris everywhere in the water, including cement pilings and rebar everywhere. The wave, however, was far too good of a novelty to pass up.
I grabbed my board, suited up in my Hyperflex 5/4 and hit the water. I got a couple solid lefts and rights, including a small barrel, before things went bad. The next set that came through was a big left wall that pitched a little too hard over the inside rock ledge and threw me right into an old boardwalk piling. I hit metal and rock, ruined my wetsuit and cut up my side. After I crawled in from the water in extreme pain, I saw the photos and knew that it was all worth it.
1. Caribbean Wedge
By far my most favorite score to date, and it happened just last week. I was in the Caribbean for a photo/video trip for my wetsuit sponsor, Hyperflex. We had surfed all morning at one of the more popular waves on the island, it was noon and we were just about ready to wrap up the day. The wind had picked up and everywhere seemed blown out. Sitting in the parking lot with seemingly no surfing potential for the rest of the day, I said to the boys, “Dude, let's go try to find that wedge.” The crew seemed stoked and we hit the Internet.
About 30 web pages, YouTube videos, maps and surf forecasts later, we had a vague idea of where we were headed. Like all novelty scores, we had to just pull the trigger and live on a prayer. Over an hour navigating random and unfamiliar Caribbean highways later, we arrived at our destination to see 2-3 foot glassy wedges. Without giving it a single thought, we were out there.
Truthfully, novelty waves aren't for everyone. They're definitely not something you can depend on or even hope to find around every corner but for someone like me, a novelty myself, it usually pans out to be the perfect adventure for an otherwise day of doldrums.
To be a novelty surfer, you have to have a few beater boards, a solid understanding of swell directions and heights and most importantly, a lot of faith in nothing. However sometimes—and only sometimes—it can all pan out exactly how it's supposed to. After all, life is a weird and a seemingly random energy field of novelties as it is—why not embrace what you're already apart of?
See more from Ben's ongoing, small-wave dream run via his YouTube channel and Instagram.
Take soggy treks and rainy scrambles in your stride with this three-in-one jacket that features a waterproof, breathable Dryvent™ 2L shell and a removeable, windproof soft shell inner jacket. Stretch fabric means you can make all your technical moves without being held back, and pit-zip venting ensures you stay cool when you start to work hard. The cinch-cord hem is there to lock out the cold when you ascend higher and higher, and the covered, zippered pockets will keep your important things dry till the adventure is over.
Waterproof
Wind Protection
Zip/Snap-in Compatible
Hooded
Waterproof, breathable, seam-sealed DryVent™ 2L shell with taffeta lining
100% windproof fabric
Zip-in-compatible integration with complementary garments from The North Face®
Removable, fully adjustable hood
Exposed, reverse-coil, water-resistant center front and chest pocket zips
Covered, secure-zip hand pockets
Pit-zip venting
Adjustable Velcro® cuff tabs
Hem cinch-cord
The United Conservative Party leadership race is far from an all-in brawl but, as we creep ever closer to the vote, so too comes more of the kind of talk that ends in a barstool being thrown.
When the UCP leadership committee released race rules late Friday, four candidates had entered the ring: Jeff Callaway (former Wildrose president), Brian Jean (former Wildrose leader), Jason Kenney (former Alberta Progressive Conservative leader) and Doug Schweitzer (a Calgary lawyer).
It will cost each one of them $75,000 for the chance to pursue the crown, with the vote taking place over three days from Oct. 26 through a preferential, non-weighted ballot by phone or online.
Keeping it above board
None of the candidates has stooped to ad hominem attacks; even when pushed by reporters recently, Callaway admitted he thinks Jean is “a good guy.”
Kenney thinks the race has been “positive and respectful so far,” but takes issue with Jean proposing detailed policy.
He and Jean simply disagree on some of the fundamentals, Kenney shrugs, and now is as good a time as any to discuss those differences.
Jean doesn't seem quite so sure about the race being the epitome of respectful, but says he'll leave innuendo and mud-slinging to others.
“It truly only serves the NDP. That's what they want us to do. They want to have conservatives fighting each other and I'm not going to do that,” he says.
Both he and Kenney agree public fighting has no value for a young party just beginning to get its legs.
Schweitzer's on the same page, and says, quite frankly, Albertans are done with divisive U.S. and Ottawa-style politics.
“I didn't spend all this time and effort over the past two years to unite conservatives and unite Albertans to only divide them in this race,” Jean says.
Chinks in the united armour
The problem is, the UCP has cracks. And they're growing.
Those splits were inevitable — it's a party trying to mend a broken relationship after years of sometimes bitter and personal political feuds.
Yet the leadership race began before the unity vote even took place. Naturally, many MLAs picked sides, aligning themselves with Jean or Kenney.
Before the ink was dry on the agreement in principle to merge the Wildrose and PCs, Jean declared he would be seeking the top job.
On the day of the vote, while Wildrosers were still casting ballots, Strathmore-Brooks MLA Derek Fildebrandt — who has since resigned from the UCP caucus over a string of spending scandals and a court case — vowed never to support Jean for leader.
Just after the Airbnb scandal around Fildebrandt broke, the MLA told his local newspaper, the Brooks Bulletin, that he was warned by the Jean campaign they would reveal he rented out his taxpayer-subsidized Edmonton apartment if he criticized his former leader.
“Blackmail doesn't work on me, but there are consequences to it if you don't give in to it,” he was quoted as telling the paper.
Jean's camp says nothing of the kind ever happened.
Then came news the UCP caucus taxpayer-funded budget was facing a potential deficit, thanks largely to $322,000 in red ink brought by the Wildrose side.
Some MLAs leapt to Jean's defence, while others cried foul and said they'd been demanding explanations about caucus funding for months.
During his most recent campaign policy announcement, Callaway took a clear shot at Jean over caucus finances, saying he was proud of his own fiduciary record as party president.
“We were always running surpluses. We never had debt in the party. We never got into the kind of budgetary questions that the leadership of Brian Jean led this party into,” Callaway told media.
Twisting the knife, he added he would be “concerned about electing someone who can't even run a $2-million budget.”
Kenney has also jumped on Jean over the caucus finances, telling the Journal they were a result of the former Wildrose leader's decisions and he must be held accountable.
All four candidates are currently travelling the province, keen to connect with UCP members and win support for their cause.
egraney@postmedia.com
twitter.com/EmmaLGraney
[major] [release] For the full set of feature descriptions, see http://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/changelog/migration_06.html . This document is a work in progress.¶
[major] [release] All bug fixes and feature enhancements from the most recent 0.5 version and below are also included within 0.6.¶
[major] [release] Platforms targeted now include Python 2.4/2.5/2.6, Python 3.1, Jython2.5.¶
[engines] transaction isolation level may be specified with create_engine(… isolation_level=”…”); available on postgresql and sqlite.¶ References: #443
[engines] Connection has execution_options(), generative method which accepts keywords that affect how the statement is executed w.r.t. the DBAPI. Currently supports “stream_results”, causes psycopg2 to use a server side cursor for that statement, as well as “autocommit”, which is the new location for the “autocommit” option from select() and text(). select() and text() also have .execution_options() as well as ORM Query().¶
[engines] fixed the import for entrypoint-driven dialects to not rely upon silly tb_info trick to determine import error status.¶ References: #1630
[engines] added first() method to ResultProxy, returns first row and closes result set immediately.¶
[engines] RowProxy objects are now pickleable, i.e. the object returned by result.fetchone(), result.fetchall() etc.¶
[engines] RowProxy no longer has a close() method, as the row no longer maintains a reference to the parent. Call close() on the parent ResultProxy instead, or use autoclose.¶
[engines] ResultProxy internals have been overhauled to greatly reduce method call counts when fetching columns. Can provide a large speed improvement (up to more than 100%) when fetching large result sets. The improvement is larger when fetching columns that have no type-level processing applied and when using results as tuples (instead of as dictionaries). Many thanks to Elixir's Gaëtan de Menten for this dramatic improvement !¶ References: #1586
[engines] Databases which rely upon postfetch of “last inserted id” to get at a generated sequence value (i.e. MySQL, MS-SQL) now work correctly when there is a composite primary key where the “autoincrement” column is not the first primary key column in the table.¶
[engines] the last_inserted_ids() method has been renamed to the descriptor “inserted_primary_key”.¶
[engines] setting echo=False on create_engine() now sets the loglevel to WARN instead of NOTSET. This so that logging can be disabled for a particular engine even if logging for “sqlalchemy.engine” is enabled overall. Note that the default setting of “echo” is None .¶ References: #1554
[engines] ConnectionProxy now has wrapper methods for all transaction lifecycle events, including begin(), rollback(), commit() begin_nested(), begin_prepared(), prepare(), release_savepoint(), etc.¶
[engines] Connection pool logging now uses both INFO and DEBUG log levels for logging. INFO is for major events such as invalidated connections, DEBUG for all the acquire/return logging. echo_pool can be False, None, True or “debug” the same way as echo works.¶
[engines] All pyodbc-dialects now support extra pyodbc-specific kw arguments ‘ansi', ‘unicode_results', ‘autocommit'.¶ References: #1621
[engines] the “threadlocal” engine has been rewritten and simplified and now supports SAVEPOINT operations.¶
[engines] deprecated or removed result.last_inserted_ids() is deprecated. Use result.inserted_primary_key
dialect.get_default_schema_name(connection) is now public via dialect.default_schema_name.
the “connection” argument from engine.transaction() and engine.run_callable() is removed - Connection itself now has those methods. All four methods accept *args and **kwargs which are passed to the given callable, as well as the operating connection. ¶
[reflection/inspection] Table reflection has been expanded and generalized into a new API called “sqlalchemy.engine.reflection.Inspector”. The Inspector object provides fine-grained information about a wide variety of schema information, with room for expansion, including table names, column names, view definitions, sequences, indexes, etc.¶
[reflection/inspection] Views are now reflectable as ordinary Table objects. The same Table constructor is used, with the caveat that “effective” primary and foreign key constraints aren't part of the reflection results; these have to be specified explicitly if desired.¶
[reflection/inspection] The existing autoload=True system now uses Inspector underneath so that each dialect need only return “raw” data about tables and other objects - Inspector is the single place that information is compiled into Table objects so that consistency is at a maximum.¶
[ddl] the DDL system has been greatly expanded. the DDL() class now extends the more generic DDLElement(), which forms the basis of many new constructs: CreateTable()
DropTable()
AddConstraint()
DropConstraint()
CreateIndex()
DropIndex()
CreateSequence()
DropSequence() These support “on” and “execute-at()” just like plain DDL() does. User-defined DDLElement subclasses can be created and linked to a compiler using the sqlalchemy.ext.compiler extension. ¶
[ddl] The signature of the “on” callable passed to DDL() and DDLElement() is revised as follows: ddl the DDLElement object itself event the string event name. target previously “schema_item”, the Table or MetaData object triggering the event. connection the Connection object in use for the operation. **kw keyword arguments. In the case of MetaData before/after create/drop, the list of Table objects for which CREATE/DROP DDL is to be issued is passed as the kw argument “tables”. This is necessary for metadata-level DDL that is dependent on the presence of specific tables. The “schema_item” attribute of DDL has been renamed to ”target”. ¶
[dialect] [refactor] Dialect modules are now broken into database dialects plus DBAPI implementations. Connect URLs are now preferred to be specified using dialect+driver://…, i.e. “mysql+mysqldb://scott:tiger@localhost/test”. See the 0.6 documentation for examples.¶
[dialect] [refactor] the setuptools entrypoint for external dialects is now called “sqlalchemy.dialects”.¶
[dialect] [refactor] the “owner” keyword argument is removed from Table. Use “schema” to represent any namespaces to be prepended to the table name.¶
[dialect] [refactor] server_version_info becomes a static attribute.¶
[dialect] [refactor] dialects receive an initialized() event on initial connection to determine connection properties.¶
[dialect] [refactor] dialects receive a visit_pool event have an opportunity to establish pool listeners.¶
[dialect] [refactor] cached TypeEngine classes are cached per-dialect class instead of per-dialect.¶
[dialect] [refactor] new UserDefinedType should be used as a base class for new types, which preserves the 0.5 behavior of get_col_spec().¶
[dialect] [refactor] The result_processor() method of all type classes now accepts a second argument “coltype”, which is the DBAPI type argument from cursor.description. This argument can help some types decide on the most efficient processing of result values.¶
[dialect] [refactor] Dialect.get_rowcount() has been renamed to a descriptor “rowcount”, and calls cursor.rowcount directly. Dialects which need to hardwire a rowcount in for certain calls should override the method to provide different behavior.¶
[dialect] [refactor] DefaultRunner and subclasses have been removed. The job of this object has been simplified and moved into ExecutionContext. Dialects which support sequences should add a fire_sequence() method to their execution context implementation.¶ References: #1566
[dialect] [refactor] Functions and operators generated by the compiler now use (almost) regular dispatch functions of the form “visit_<opname>” and “visit_<funcname>_fn” to provide customed processing. This replaces the need to copy the “functions” and “operators” dictionaries in compiler subclasses with straightforward visitor methods, and also allows compiler subclasses complete control over rendering, as the full _Function or _BinaryExpression object is passed in.¶
[types] The construction of types within dialects has been totally overhauled. Dialects now define publicly available types as UPPERCASE names exclusively, and internal implementation types using underscore identifiers (i.e. are private). The system by which types are expressed in SQL and DDL has been moved to the compiler system. This has the effect that there are much fewer type objects within most dialects. A detailed document on this architecture for dialect authors is in lib/sqlalchemy/dialects/type_migration_guidelines.txt .¶
[types] Types no longer make any guesses as to default parameters. In particular, Numeric, Float, NUMERIC, FLOAT, DECIMAL don't generate any length or scale unless specified.¶
[types] types.Binary is renamed to types.LargeBinary, it only produces BLOB, BYTEA, or a similar “long binary” type. New base BINARY and VARBINARY types have been added to access these MySQL/MS-SQL specific types in an agnostic way.¶ References: #1664
[types] String/Text/Unicode types now skip the unicode() check on each result column value if the dialect has detected the DBAPI as returning Python unicode objects natively. This check is issued on first connect using “SELECT CAST ‘some text' AS VARCHAR(10)” or equivalent, then checking if the returned object is a Python unicode. This allows vast performance increases for native-unicode DBAPIs, including pysqlite/sqlite3, psycopg2, and pg8000.¶
[types] Most types result processors have been checked for possible speed improvements. Specifically, the following generic types have been optimized, resulting in varying speed improvements: Unicode, PickleType, Interval, TypeDecorator, Binary. Also the following dbapi-specific implementations have been improved: Time, Date and DateTime on Sqlite, ARRAY on PostgreSQL, Time on MySQL, Numeric(as_decimal=False) on MySQL, oursql and pypostgresql, DateTime on cx_oracle and LOB-based types on cx_oracle.¶
[types] Reflection of types now returns the exact UPPERCASE type within types.py, or the UPPERCASE type within the dialect itself if the type is not a standard SQL type. This means reflection now returns more accurate information about reflected types.¶
[types] Added a new Enum generic type. Enum is a schema-aware object to support databases which require specific DDL in order to use enum or equivalent; in the case of PG it handles the details of CREATE TYPE , and on other databases without native enum support will by generate VARCHAR + an inline CHECK constraint to enforce the enum.¶ References: #1109, #1511
[types] The Interval type includes a “native” flag which controls if native INTERVAL types (postgresql + oracle) are selected if available, or not. “day_precision” and “second_precision” arguments are also added which propagate as appropriately to these native types. Related to.¶ References: #1467
[types] The Boolean type, when used on a backend that doesn't have native boolean support, will generate a CHECK constraint “col IN (0, 1)” along with the int/smallint- based column type. This can be switched off if desired with create_constraint=False. Note that MySQL has no native boolean or CHECK constraint support so this feature isn't available on that platform.¶ References: #1589
[types] PickleType now uses == for comparison of values when mutable=True, unless the “comparator” argument with a comparison function is specified to the type. Objects being pickled will be compared based on identity (which defeats the purpose of mutable=True) if __eq__() is not overridden or a comparison function is not provided.¶
[types] The default “precision” and “scale” arguments of Numeric and Float have been removed and now default to None. NUMERIC and FLOAT will be rendered with no numeric arguments by default unless these values are provided.¶
[types] AbstractType.get_search_list() is removed - the games that was used for are no longer necessary.¶
[types] Added a generic BigInteger type, compiles to BIGINT or NUMBER(19).¶ References: #1125
[types] sqlsoup has been overhauled to explicitly support an 0.5 style session, using autocommit=False, autoflush=True. Default behavior of SQLSoup now requires the usual usage of commit() and rollback(), which have been added to its interface. An explicit Session or scoped_session can be passed to the constructor, allowing these arguments to be overridden.¶
[types] sqlsoup db.<sometable>.update() and delete() now call query(cls).update() and delete(), respectively.¶
[types] sqlsoup now has executed() and connection(), which call upon the Session methods of those names, ensuring that the bind is in terms of the SqlSoup object's bind.¶
[types] sqlsoup objects no longer have the ‘query' attribute - it's not needed for sqlsoup's usage paradigm and it gets in the way of a column that is actually named ‘query'.¶
[types] The signature of the proxy_factory callable passed to association_proxy is now (lazy_collection, creator, value_attr, association_proxy), adding a fourth argument that is the parent AssociationProxy argument. Allows serializability and subclassing of the built-in collections.¶ References: #1259
PITTSBURGH -- The man who will start the first home division series game in Pittsburgh Pirates history is the baseball version of nailing the Powerball.
Cha-chingggg.
Seriously, if you work in the front office of any team, is there anything better than signing a pitcher for a million bucks who magically, unexpectedly turns himself into a real, live Cy Young candidate right before your very contact lenses?
Well, it happened. It happened to the Pirates with a lottery ticket named Francisco Liriano.
Francisco Liriano, star of the NL wild-card game, takes on the Cardinals on Sunday. AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
And now, one sensational 16-win season later, with Tuesday's humongous wild-card game performance tossed in for Pittsburgh's euphoric amusement, it will be this 29-year-old left-hander's turn to pitch Game 3 of the NLDS on Sunday, against a Cardinals team he dominated all year (3-0, 0.75 ERA in three starts).
We can hear people all around America looking at Liriano, just one season removed from a 6-12, 5.34 ERA nightmare for the Twins and White Sox, and saying to themselves: "Boy, the Pirates sure lucked out with that guy."
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Well, it might look like luck if you don't examine this saga closely enough. But let us assure you. Stuff like this -- turnarounds like this -- never just happen out of the blue, like your 7-year-old finding a $50 bill lying on the sidewalk.
They happen when the right club finds the right reclamation project and matches that reclamation project with a group of really smart, talented people and everything works.
Well, that happened too. It happened to Liriano and the Pirates. But not by some lucky lightning bolt of good fortune.
It happened because there might be no organization in baseball right now that does a better job of bringing broken pitchers into its Miraculous Pitching Delivery Tuneup Shop and fixing them up like new. Or better than new.
Really. Think about it. Think about all the pitchers who sputtered into Pittsburgh and turned into major cogs in the Sid Bream Curse Buster Express: Jason Grilli, Mark Melancon, Charlie Morton, Jeff Locke, Jeanmar Gomez ...
And Francisco Liriano.
Especially Francisco Liriano.
The story of how he reached this special place, where an entire city thinks that sending him to the mound in October is as close to Baseball Nirvana as watching their 75,819th replay of Bill Mazeroski's homer, is an amazing tale.
Originally agreed to a two-year, $12.75 million deals in December. Unagreed to that deal after winning the Goofy Offseason Injury of the Year competition at Christmas by breaking his right arm (aka his other arm) while fooling around with his kids.
That left poor Liriano in limbo for another month and a half, until he settled with the Pirates on another deal for that meager $1 million guarantee, with the rest of his earning power contingent upon a return to health.
At the time, that bizarre injury looked like a disaster.
Little did he know -- little did we know -- it would turn out to be the best thing to happen to Liriano in years.
He might not have pitched at all this year, so Liriano has plenty to be thankful for in Sunday's NLDS start. AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
"I think everything happens for a reason," he said Saturday, on the eve of his third career postseason start. "I broke my arm, but everything happens for a reason. I didn't think I was going to play this year, so I'm surprised by the year I have had this year. Just thank God for the opportunity and the Pirates to give me a chance to be able to pitch. Everything has been amazing for me, and I'm very thankful."
It seems crazy, in retrospect, that he is thankful for the injury itself. But it turned out that that, too, was a blessing in a painful disguise.
"One of the big things that broke right for him is that, because of the injury, he had such a long spring training," said Jim Benedict, a special assistant to Pirates general manager Neal Huntington and a former minor league pitching coordinator who gets involved in special player-development and pitching-delivery projects such as Liriano.
"The changes that he made -- we couldn't have done that if he'd been in big league camp," Benedict went on. "But because he spent so much time in extended spring training, he had time to get his delivery right and build his arm up slowly."
That phrase, "get his delivery right," seems so simple when you hear it in a vacuum. But in Liriano's case, nothing about his delivery has ever been simple -- or even repeatable -- for long stretches of his often-brilliant, often-train-wreckish career.
"If you're a guy who strikes out 15 and doesn't walk anybody one game, and then the next game you walk seven and strike out two, and then you compare those two games, you're really seeing two different guys," Benedict said. "So when you get him on your team, the first thing you say is, 'Let's talk about this.'"
So this spring, in the serene setting of Bradenton, Fla., Liriano sat down and had that chat -- with Benedict, with Pirates pitching coach Ray Searage, with bullpen coach Euclides Rojas and with the Pirates' Gulf Coast League pitching coach Miguel Bonilla, who was able to speak comfortably with Liriano in Spanish and translate for the rest of the group.
What they all decided was that Liriano's biggest issue was his inability to stay back on his left leg with any consistency -- a delivery glitch that would cause him to rush, lose command and find himself unable to fix it, even when he knew what he was doing wrong.
Eventually, they settled on a term that everyone could relate to -- especially Liriano -- and that would always be there to remind him what he needed to do to "stay back."
The phrase they chose was "right back pocket."
That wasn't because they wanted him to think about reaching for his wallet. It was because they wanted him to remember that if he would just lift his "right back pocket," he would stay back on his left leg a little longer in his delivery. Then everything else would almost magically fall into place.
"That just keeps his head in line," Benedict said. "And when he keeps his head in line, he's got a lot conquered. So it's not just that one thing; it's what that one thing did to the rest of his body."
Had this been an ordinary spring training, he would have had just six weeks to grasp that concept while trying to build up his pitch count to get ready for the season. Instead, he had an extra month to perfect his mechanics, gradually build strength and ease his way back.
The key to his delivery? That "right back pocket," of course. AP Photo/Morry Gash
When he finally returned to the big leagues on May 11, he was a different guy -- even better, in some ways, than the 22-year-old phenom with the lumber-eating slider who rocketed onto the scene with the Twins in 2006.
Liriano's numbers in that 2006 season (12-3, 2.16 ERA, with 144 strikeouts in 121 innings) might have been way more eyeball-popping, but he didn't have the command of the devastating three-pitch repertoire (fastball/slider/change) that he has now. He also had a delivery so violent that it led his blowing out his elbow just 20 starts into his big league career.
But now, as he nears his 30th birthday later this month, he's more ace than human highlight reel. And that's exactly what the Pirates were hoping would happen when they rolled the dice on him last winter.
"You have to give the man credit for the heart, the conviction, the intent that he put into everything," his manager, Clint Hurdle, said Saturday. "That is what really, I think, has given that degree of separation from what we might have thought we were going to get, to what he has actually done and performed and shown himself capable of."
Liriano missed qualifying for the ERA title by one inning. Had he qualified, he would have had the third-lowest opponent OPS (.611), third-best opponent slugging percentage (.314), fourth-lowest opponent batting average (.224) and fifth-best ERA (3.02) among National League left-handers. Only Clayton Kershaw and Madison Bumgarner beat him in all those categories.
As Game 3 draws closer, nobody has to remind the Cardinals that Liriano was especially devastating against them. They hit a ridiculous .127/.179/.165 against him with zero homers and two runs in 24 innings.
So if he wasn't the best free-agent signing of the offseason, by any team, he was definitely the best million-dollar free-agent bargain. But there's a difference between stumbling into a free-agent find like that and doing what it takes to make it happen. And it's clear now that the Pirates didn't stumble into anything.
"This is an organizational victory," Benedict said. "From the acquisition by our front office to the [revisions to his] approach to the guys on the major league [coaching] side, this was an organizational group effort. And he's taken it and run with it. So this has been good. Everything about it has been good."
If this run of brilliance continues on the most important Sunday afternoon in October that the Pirates have experienced in two decades, it'll get even better.
Samsung announced plans to release its own virtual reality headset that will use its latest Note smartphone at a press conference Wednesday in New York. The Samsung Gear VR includes a set of headbands and a holster for the new Galaxy Note 4 to secure the phone to a wearer's face and will represent the first consumer product from virtual reality tech company Oculus.
The headset needs no wires and relies entirely on the Note 4's battery and the hardware in the mount, unlike Oculus's own Rift headset. The device tracks movement with an accelerometer and gyroscope, according to Engadget.
Samsung referred to the headset as a "virtual cinema" that would get content from studios including Marvel and Dreamworks. The headset will also be able to handle games and a slightly delayed video passthrough using the feed from the Note 4's 16-megapixel rear camera.
Samsung claimed that the inputs have a latency under 20 milliseconds, and the AMOLED display offers a 96-degree viewing angle. Notably, the Gear VR cannot track depth, so if the wearer moves his or her head back and forth in real life, the movement is not reflected in the image on the Note 4's screen.
Oculus Chief Technology Officer John Carmack appeared onstage to discuss some of the work that went into the Gear VR. "Completely mobile VR is a magical thing," Carmack said. "It's a hard problem to do well." Carmack noted that the high pixel density of the AMOLED display "helps kill motion blur" and that the software architecture helps keep a game's visuals smooth even if the device is overloaded.
"We have a custom kernel driver that our sensor talks to that cuts out hardware middlemen," Carmack said. The device has a "constant clock rate" that developers can optimize for, and it does not use power fluctuations to save energy or throttle.
Aside from the hardware and software development, Carmack told the audience that Oculus and Samsung plan to offer "Oculus VR Cinema" films, which will include previously released ones like Kung Fu Panda as well as "360 experience videos." The companies also plan to release VR-oriented games. "We're investing in the mobile VR ecosystem to make sure top-tier partners keep developing great content," Carmack said.
The device has no price or release date yet, though Samsung tells Engadget that the Gear VR will be out "this year." Oculus' own consumer version of the Rift still has yet to be assigned a release date, possibly as a result of the company's acquisition by Facebook.
Peter Fink is a devout car guy. After all, he's made a living working on them as owner and CEO of Certified Transmission in Omaha, Nebraska. “I love all '67-72 American muscle cars,” he says. “I began collecting around 20 years ago and set a goal of owning 100 cars.” At last count he's up to 86, and that includes some of the most desirable performance vehicles to ever come from Detroit.
When purchasing vintage muscle cars, Peter has a very discerning eye. “I collect only big-blocks with the exception of the early Z28 and AAR ‘Cuda. I want bucket seats only and like a center console, too. All the vehicles are documented originals with number-matching drivetrains. All are in their born-with colors and I won't buy one that has been undercoated. All have been restored to a very high level and while they're all trailer queens and mostly for show, I do drive them occasionally. Everything about them works as it should, and I am very picky about that.”
Around 2013, Peter decided it was time to display his collection. “I spent years finding the rarest GM, Ford, and MOPAR performance cars out there and felt it was time to have them in one great place,” he said. He transformed an office building into a museum that consists of two 4,200 sq-ft rooms where portions of his collection are displayed.
The American muscle cars are gathered in one room and there's space for approximately 15 vehicles at any given time. With so many desirable examples to choose from, it's difficult for Peter to decide what to display. “I tend to keep the rarest cars on display and rotate others in and out once in a while, but I hope to build a bigger place where I can display them all someday.” Although Peter's museum isn't open to the public for walk-ins, he does host a number of charity events each year that allows enthusiast access. This month we will sample Peter's American Muscle Car Collection. Next month we will look at his modified vehicle collection.
1
The eye-popping 1970 Buick GSX is one of 491 painted Saturn Yellow. The optional Stage 1 455-ci V8 with four-barrel carburetor, rated at 360 hp and 510 lb-ft, was installed into 400 GSX's that model year, and just 118 of them were backed by a Muncie four-speed manual. Peter says the Buick's 510 lb-ft torque rating was the greatest of any American production performance car until it was surpassed by the Series 2 V10 Viper in 2003.
2
This 1969 Ford Mustang Mach 1 is equipped with the R-code 428-ci Cobra Jet V8 rated at 335 hp and 440 lb-ft. The R-code designation denotes the optional shaker hood scoop. Peter's Red Mach 1 is equipped with a number of options including a C6 automatic transmission, air conditioning, AM/FM radio with 8-track, and a tilt-away column like that found in the sport-luxury Thunderbird.
3
Pontiac's “The Judge” package introduced in mid-year 1969 for the GTO boasts the 400-ci Ram Air III V8 with four-barrel carburetor rated at 366 hp and 445 lb-ft as standard equipment. Peter's Judge is backed by the TH400 automatic. The orangey Carousel Red exterior has become an iconic hue among collectors.
4
The popularity of SCCA's Trans-Am racing series during the late ‘60s forced Plymouth to develop its All-American Racer (or AAR) Cuda for 1970. The standard 340 Six-Barrel was rated at 290 hp and 345 lb-ft and could be de-stroked by racers to comply with class rules. Peter says his AAR Cuda is one of 117 in Lemon Twist and is equipped with a A727 TorqueFlite automatic.
5
The 1969 Daytona was Dodge's successful attempt at improving the otherwise-boxy Charger profile for NASCAR competition. A total of 503 Daytonas were produced, and Peter says that ten were equipped with the SE package. Only three were in Dark Green. His Daytona SE is equipped with the 440-ci V8 with four-barrel carburetor rated at 375 hp and 480 lb-ft. It's backed by an A727 TorqueFlite automatic transmission. It was sold new by Ron Olson Dodge in Omaha, Nebraska and has remained in the area since.
6
Plymouth adapted a version of Dodge's aerodynamic treatment to its Road Runner to create the 1970 Superbird. Fewer than 2,000 were produced that model year. Peter says that 408 were equipped with the 440 Six-Barrel V8 rated at 390 hp and 490 lb-ft backed by an A727 TorqueFlite automatic. The vitamin C Orange wing-car features bucket seats and center console. When people ask Peter what his favorite muscle car is, he says, “I have to say it's this car. It's so fun to drive and man, do people look at you. If it's attention you're after, buy a Superbird!”
7
Peter's 1970 Plymouth Cuda boasts the vaunted 426 Hemi V8 with dual four-barrel carburetors rated at 425 hp and 490 lb-ft. He says it's one of 368 equipped with an A727 TorqueFlite automatic. Reportedly, less than nine percent were painted code-B5 Blue Fire Metallic and the front seat console adds to the rarity.
8
E-body Mopars remain hugely popular, and few are as desirable as this 1970 Challenger R/T equipped with the 426 Hemi V8 with dual four-barrel carburetors, rated at 425 hp and 490 lb-ft. Peter says his Plum Crazy coupe is one of 150 produced with the A727 TorqueFlite automatic. He loves the exterior finish so much that he ordered his new Dodge Demon in that same color.
9
Those within the Blue Oval circle are quick to understand the term “Boss 9.” For those less in tune with Ford's ponycar, that moniker refers to the Boss 429—a special Mustang hand-built by Kar Kraft. Peter says his Grabber Orange 1970 “Boss 9” is one of 499 produced that model year. Like all Boss Mustangs, it's equipped with four-speed manual transmission.
10
In addition to two 440-ci V8s, Plymouth also offered the 1970 Superbird with the 426 Hemi with dual four-barrel carburetors rated at 425 hp and 490 lb-ft. Peter's Alpine White Hemi ‘Bird is one of 58 produced with the A833 four-speed manual transmission. It's also equipped with bucket seats and a center console with Pistol Grip shifter.
11
The Yenko Super Camaro is among the most coveted first-generation examples. Peter says that 201 Super Camaros were produced in 1969. His is one of 30 in Daytona Yellow and one of just two that were double-COPO cars. It's equipped with the L72 427-ci rated at 425 hp and backed by a Muncie 4-speed manual. He adds that while it's equipped with bucket seats, it doesn't have a center console—the only such car in his collection without one.
12
Chevrolet developed the Z28 package in 1967 for Camaro racers competing in SCCA's Trans-Am series. The DZ 302-ci in Peter's 1969 Hugger Orange Z28 is equipped with the cross-ram intake manifold with dual Holley four-barrel carburetors that Chevrolet developed for its internal Camaro racing program. The small-block V8 is backed by a Muncie four-speed manual. It's also equipped with the rare and desirable JL8 Rear Disc Brake option, of which Peter says only 208 Z28s received.
13
Peter is a devout GM F-body fan and his 1969 Camaro SS in Marina Blue is equipped with the optional L89 396-ci V8 rated at 375 hp. He reports that 311 were produced with the aluminum-headed big-block. It's backed by a Muncie four-speed manual transmission. Inside it features bucket seats with center console and optional gauge package.
14
Many enthusiasts consider Chevrolet's 1970 Chevelle with the optional LS6 454-ci V8 the holy grail of muscle cars. With attractive styling and 450 hp and 500 lb-ft, what's not to like? Peter holds his Cranberry Red LS6 Chevelle in high regard. It's equipped with a Muncie four-speed transmission and 12-bolt rear axle with 4.11:1 gearing. He says its very fun to drive!
TEHRAN — Iran has been hit with new malicious software as part of cyberattacks against the country, a military officer told Mehr news agency on Monday without specifying the target.
“Certain characteristics about the ‘Stars' virus have been identified, including that it is compatible with the (targeted) system,” Gholam Reza Jalali, commander of the Iranian civil defence organisation, told the agency.
“In the initial stage, the damage is low and it is likely to be mistaken for governmental executable files,” Jalali said, adding that Iranian experts were still investigating the full scope of the malware's abilities.
He did not say what kind of equipment the virus was targeting or when and how it had been spotted.
Tehran was hit with another computer worm, “Stuxnet,” last year, reportedly designed to hurt the Islamic republic's controversial nuclear programme.
Iran has accused arch-foes Washington and Israel of launching Stuxnet, which was publicly identified last June and reportedly mutated and infected at least 30,000 computerised industrial equipment in the following months.
In December, Iran implicitly admitted its uranium enrichment plant in the central city of Natanz, which is regularly inspected by the UN nuclear watchdog, had been the victim of the worm.
Jalali urged the foreign ministry to take appropriate measures amid the ongoing “cyberattacks” against Iran, and said efforts to contain Stuxnet were still ongoing, Mehr reported.
“Confronting the Stuxnet virus does not mean that the threat has been fully removed, since viruses have a certain life span and it is possible that they continue their activity in a different form,” he said.
Computer security firm Symantec said in November that Stuxnet might have been designed to disrupt the motors that power gas centrifuges used to enrich uranium — the most controversial work of Tehran's nuclear programme.
Iran's atomic ambitions are at the heart of a conflict between Tehran and the West, which accuses the Islamic republic of seeking to develop a weapons capability under the guise of a civilian nuclear drive.
Tehran vehemently denies the charges.
Two men convicted of beating to death a 90-year-old Carver County farmer in his home last year were each sentenced to more than 37 years in prison on Friday.
Edson Celin-Dominguez Benitez, 31, of Glencoe, and Reinol Godines Vergara, 36, of Richfield, were charged with second-degree murder after Earl Olander's body was found in April 2015 bound with duct tape and severely beaten in his ransacked farmhouse in San Francisco Township.
In December, a Carver County grand jury indicted the two men on first-degree murder charges. In exchange for plea agreements with the state last month, the first-degree murder indictments were dropped.
Authorities say that, after painting Olander's house, Benitez and Vergara returned to rob him. They killed him by covering his head with a blanket and beating him with a shotgun.
Olander, a lifelong bachelor, lived on a 160-acre farm that had been in his family for decades, halfway between Chaska and Belle Plaine.
“They left him helpless on his living room floor as they ransacked his home. As he was bleeding to death, they cut the phone line and left him for dead,” Carver County Attorney Mark Metz said Friday, where TV cameras broadcast the hearing.
Reinol Godines Vergara
Judge Michael Wentzell agreed with prosecutors that there was ample evidence to support a harsher punishment for the men, ruling toward the top of sentencing guidelines for second-degree murder.
Wentzell sentenced Benitez and Vergara to 37 years and five months in prison for Olander's death. They must serve at least 25 years before becoming eligible for parole. It's possible the men could be deported after their release.
Olander's niece, Mary Rothfusz, appeared before the court to read an impact statement. She noted that Vergara and Benitez brutalized a man who showed nothing but kindness.
“What happened to my uncle was pure evil,” Rothfusz said. “When the defendant painted his house, my uncle brought him water and snacks from the store.”
Vergara sat in an orange jumpsuit with his hands shackled, listening to an interpreter in his headphones. When given the chance to speak, he offered his condolences before being led out of the room.
“I just want to apologize to the family; I'm sorry for doing this,” he said. “I know it will be very difficult to forgive me.”
In a frosty exchange, WikiLeaks' Julian Assange suggested that TV talk show host Bill Maher has donated $1 million to the Clinton campaign.
Speaking via a webcam on Real Time with Bill Maher, Assange was asked by Maher why he had not hacked the Trump campaign, arguing about the DNC email leaks “obviously we know these came from Russia, and we also know that you do not like Hillary Clinton at all, as does not Vladimir Putin.”
“So it looks like you are working with a bad actor, Russia, to put your thumb on the scale, and f*** with the one person who stands in the way of us being ruled by Donald Trump,” Maher claimed.
Assange claimed last week that Russia were not involved in the hack of the Democratic National Committee.
Assange, who clearly anticipated an attack from Maher, responded by saying that “just before I came in here we thought we'd do a little search on our files, and I do notice that a William Maher gave a Clinton affiliated entity $1 million.”
Maher, who is a registered Democrat, originally suggested that Assange was referring to the public donation of $1 million Maher gave to Barack Obama's re-election campaign in 2012.
When asked by Assange whether he had given the same sum to Clinton, he simply responded “f*** no,” adding that he “can't give a million dollars every time someone runs for president.”
Assange has consistently pledged to release a “lot more” on Hillary Clinton and the corruption of the Clinton Foundation in the coming weeks.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at ben@yiannopoulos.net
As you've probably heard by now, in an interview Sunday, Missouri Representative and Republican Senate nominee Todd Akin said he believed that rape-related pregnancy was "really rare." He continued by saying that, "If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down."
So, now for the facts. Pregnancy resulting from rape is not rare. In fact, a woman is more than twice as likely to get pregnant during a rape than during consensual sex.
That said, there may actually be something to the idea that the human female body has evolved an ability to resist rape-related pregnancies, although the potential mechanism is pregnancy termination, not prevention, so it's almost certainly not what Akin was talking about.
Akin now admits he "misspoke" in the interview, although it's not entirely clear which part he's referring to.
Akin's intentions aside, he's just plain wrong when he says rape-related pregnancies are rare (a fact that's even more frightening considering that he is a member of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology). Melisa Holmes, an ob-gyn in South Carolina, led a study on pregnancies from rape through the National Crime Victims Center. Holmes's study, which was published in 1996, found that 5 percent of rapes in females of reproductive age resulted in pregnancy, amounting to an estimated 32,101 rape-related pregnancies per year in the U.S. Even that astounding number was a "significant underestimation," she says, because so many rapes go unreported.
More recently, in 2003, husband-and-wife team Jonathan and Tiffani Gottschall, then at St. Lawrence University, identified even higher rape-related pregnancy rates. Analyzing survey results from 8,000 women around the country, they determined that 6.4 percent of rapes in women of childbearing age resulted in pregnancy. In cases where no birth control was used, the rate increased to 8 percent.
Meanwhile, a CDC report released last November concluded that 1 in 5 women have been raped, with 1.3 million women age 18 and up raped in 2010 alone. Doing the math, allowing for the use of birth control, and only including adults, the most recent data suggests that more than 83,000 women became pregnant by a man who raped them in 2010.
Jonathan Gottschall recognizes that there's some "squishiness" in all of these numbers because they're based on self-reported data. Still, he says, "the available data give us no reason to think that conception from rape is rare, or even that it is less rare than conception from consensual intercourse. If anything, the data suggest that things go the other way around." Indeed, a 2001 study out of Princeton and the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences found the rate of pregnancy from consensual, unprotected sex to be just 3.1 percent.
Rapists subsconsciously target victims based on their likelihood of conception.No one is sure why forced sex is statistically a more successful reproductive strategy than consensual sex. "We think it might be because rapists tend to target young women at peak fertility," Gottschall says. Holmes confirms that most rapes occur in women under 25, and pre-pubescent girls, post-menopausal women and visibly pregnant women are statistically underrepresented among female rape victims, according to Gordon Gallup, an evolutionary psychologist at SUNY-Albany who wrote about rape-related pregnancy in The Oxford Handbook of Sexual Conflict in Humans.
"Rapists don't pick victims at random," Gallup says. "Unbeknownst to them, rapists clearly target victims based on their likelihood of conception. They tend to preferentially target young, post-pubescent females that are in their reproductive prime."
Age alone doesn't it explain it, though, because per-incident rape-pregnancy rates are higher than consensual pregnancy rates even among young women. Seeking out youth and attractiveness -- a fertility cue, according to a growing body of evidence -- gives rapists the reproductive edge, the Gottschalls proposed in their paper. They cited evidence from the 2000 book A Natural History of Rape by University of New Mexico biologist Randy Thornhill and University of Missouri anthropologist Craig Palmer, indicating that rapists seek out young, attractive women.
The Gottschalls wrote: "We propose...that all men -- rapists and non-rapists -- have the capacity to 'read' fecundity cues and pursue the most attractive/fecund women that they can. However, since rapists circumvent the problem of female choice, while non-rapists must confront it, it is plausible that the average instance of rape occurs with a more attractive/fecund woman than the average instance of consensual intercourse. Thus we propose that rapists target victims not only on the basis of age but based on a whole complement of physical and behavioral signals indicating the victim's capacity to become pregnant and successfully carry a child to term."
I called Gordon Gallup for his perspective on rape-related pregnancy. Last year, during a conversation about the antidepressant effects of semen, he mentioned a theory that the nature of a rapist's ejaculate has something to do with his reproductive success. When I asked him to elaborate on that, he told me that semen contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), which trigger ovulation during the female menstrual cycle. FSH is needed for sperm production, but the presence of LH in high levels is more mysterious because it's not important for male fertility. It's possible, Gallup says, that seminal fluid released during forced sex contains higher-than-normal levels of these hormones -- LH in particular -- which may trigger ovulation in the victim.
There's no direct evidence yet of sex-induced ovulation in humans, although there's some very new research hinting at the possibility. The LH in semen has been shown to trigger ovulation in camels, alpacas and llamas. Semen also makes female koalas ovulate, although LH hasn't been identified as the active ingredient in that species' semen yet. A 1973 study found that 70 percent of conceptions from rape occurred outside a woman's most fertile time. And a 1949 study cited seven women who reported becoming pregnant due to rape, despite having not had a period for up to two years leading up to the assault.
The idea that semen produced during rape is especially primed to promote pregnancy seems less far-fetched considering the well-established evidence that what a man is doing when he ejaculates affects the chemical makeup of his semen. Studies on artificial insemination show that semen collected from a man who used his imagination to become aroused and ejaculate is much less likely to result in conception than a sample collected from a man watching porn, Gallup says. Even more potent is semen collected after coitus interupptus, i.e. pulling out during actual sex. The conditions under which a man becomes aroused and ejaculates has been shown to affect factors like sperm count, shape and mobility.
If semen changes based on context, it's plausible, Gallup asserts, that participating in a rape can affect its chemical makeup. Ovulation-inducing semen would be especially useful during rape, which is usually a one-time encounter. As sinister as it is, the ability to unconsciously adjust semen to make it more potent during rape could be one reproductive strategy that evolved in men to increase their reproductive success.
In addition to the devastating physical and emotional consequences of rape for the victim, things are also grim from the evolutionary perspective. "The problem with rape if conception occurs, is that it precludes making an informed mate choice, which is the principal means by which females maximize their fitness," Gallup says. "And it means that the female is not going to be subject to protection and provisioning by the child's father. Women are left holding the bag, so to speak."
Women appear to have evolved mechanisms to counteract these tactics and control their fertility. I've written about these kinds of dueling reproductive forces, known as antagonist coevolution, before. Some quick examples in human females: Research shows that women engage in less sexually risky behavior around ovulation, when they're likely to get pregnant, and their hand-grip strength, a measure of physical resistance, is enhanced during ovulation if they read a sexual-assault scenario, a mechanism that may have evolved to enable the female to more effectively resist rape when they're fertile.
In saying that women "shut down" pregnancy after rape, Rep. Akin unwittingly stumbled upon the concept that women's bodies reject unfamiliar sperm. In 2006, Gallup and his co-author Jennifer Davis published their theory that preeclampsia, a common pregnancy complication that can result in spontaneous abortion, evolved as an adaptive response to unfamiliar semen. (I say unwittingly because Akin was more likely referring to a theory that the fear and trauma of rape causes a woman's fallopian tubes to tighten, thus preventing pregnancy. This idea, proposed by John C. Willke, a physician and a former president of the National Right to Life Committee, has been lambasted by other doctors.)
Psychologist and writer Jesse Bering explained the preeclampsia idea in his excellent post, which I highly recommend you read in its entirety: "By the early 1980s, scientists had started to notice that preeclampsia was more likely to occur in pregnancies resulting from 'one-night stands,' artificial insemination and rape than in pregnancies that were the product of long-term sexual cohabitation. That it was the woman's prior exposure to the male's semen that was responsible for this pattern was evident by the fact that couples who'd been using barrier contraceptives (such as condoms), or who practiced coitus interruptus (in which the man withdraws prior to ejaculation) before they began trying to conceive also had higher rates of preeclampsia than those who'd been engaging in unprotected sex for some time."
Bering continued, "It may be useful to think about preeclampsia not simply as a medical anomaly," reason the authors, "but as an adaptation that may have evolved to terminate pregnancies where future paternal investment was questionable or unlikely."
Now, none of this means that rape-related pregnancies are rare, or that biology should be trusted to ward off these pregnancies. The sheer numbers of pregnancies from rape tell us that it's happening -- a lot. And, obviously, preeclampsia is not the solution. Having the right to choose what to do about it is.
Jennifer Abbasi is a science and health writer and editor living in Portland, OR. Follow Jen on Twitter (@jenabbasi) and email her at popsci.thesexfiles@gmail.com.
Funneling hundreds of millions into political campaigns, think-tanks, and astro-turf theater/Tea Parties has not satiated the Koch Brothers' appetite for power. They also want to have the power to discredit critics of their activities. Thus their website KochFacts which seeks to counter news stories about the brothers and Koch Industries.
Faced with news articles they consider flawed or biased, the brothers and their lieutenants don't just send strongly worded letters to the editor in protest. Instead, the company takes the offensive, with detailed responses that oscillate between correcting, shaming and slamming journalists who've written unflattering stories about the company or the Kochs' myriad political and philanthropic activities.
All is fair in love and war right? And the Koch Brothers are surely at war with their critics.
Unlike most companies, which tend to work out their differences with reporters behind the scenes, Koch (pronounced “coke”) often takes its feuds public, using KochFacts as its spearhead. Journalists who have run afoul of the Kochs will often see their personal e-mail exchanges with company executives posted, on the Koch Web site — sometimes to the reporters' shock. KochFacts also posts lengthy, point-by-point critiques of news stories and calls out reporters for alleged factual errors and biases. A typical KochFacts headline from May: “New Yorker's Jane Mayer Distorts the Facts and Misleads Readers Again.”
This effort parallels the Koch Brothers' other plan to silence critics – buying them out. The Kochs are in the process of bidding on the Tribune Company which publishes the Chicago Tribune, LA Times, and other media properties. That comes after it was revealed that the Koch Brothers were receiving favorable treatment by PBS due to their generous contributions.
The Koch Brothers may soon have a fully integrated system – politicians, policy planners, protesters and the press. Who would dare stand against such a war machine? Who could? The Kochs are proving once again that America is the best democracy money can buy.
Researchers surveyed a nationally representative sample of 1,000 Americans on their level of concern about vaccine side effects (around a quarter said they were “extremely concerned” or “very concerned”) before dividing them into three groups: one that read a message adapted from the CDC debunking the myth that people can contract the flu from the vaccine, one that read about the danger of the flu, and one that received no additional information. Afterwards, participants answered questions about the safety of the vaccine and whether or not they intended to get it for the coming flu season.
Around 43 percent still said they thought that the flu vaccine could cause the flu, though people who read the myth-busting message were the least likely of the three groups to say so. Among the people who had expressed the most concern about side effects, though, reading the correction tended to push them further in the opposite direction—after learning that the virus in the vaccine couldn't cause the flu, they were less inclined to get it.
“The corrections we tested were effective at reducing misperceptions—which seems great, until you get to the behavioral outcomes and people say they're less likely to vaccinate, rather than more,” said study co-author Brendan Nyhan, a professor at Dartmouth College.
The study built on previous research from Nyhan and Exeter University's Jason Reifler, published earlier this year in the journal Pediatrics, that found a nearly identical effect when parents were exposed to information about the measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) vaccine. After reading that the MMR vaccine wasn't dangerous to their children, the Pediatrics study found, the most concerned parents were less likely that before to say they would vaccinate their children.
Both political scientists, Nyhan and Reifler have spent the past several years studying what they call the “backfire effect,” or the idea that when presented with information that contradicts their closely-held beliefs, people will become more convinced, not less, that they're in the right. In one study, when staunch conservatives read information refuting the idea that the U.S. found weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, they tended to believe more firmly than before that it was true; the researchers saw similar effects in studies correcting the notion that President Obama is Muslim and the claim that “death panels” were a part of healthcare reform.
From there, vaccination seemed like a logical next step in their research, Nyhan said: “Vaccines aren't a partisan or ideological issue, but they're controversial. They bring up issues of identity and tribalism that feel a lot like politics,” he explained. “I have kids, and talking about vaccines on the playground is like bringing up religion. It's very weird and delicate and controversial.”
Doctor Who star Tom Baker has hit out at BBC bosses, saying they were a bunch of "monsters" who were no better than the Daleks. The Mirror reports that the actor, who played the Doctor from 1974 to 1981, said at the launch of the Horror Channel's season of classic episodes: "The monsters on Doctor Who were never so amazing as the monsters on the sixth floor of the BBC. There were some improbable looking people there." The former Time Lord added: "If someone gave me two wires now and said 'You could blow up the BBC' I'd be tempted." But Baker, who quit after falling out with the show's producer, admitted he didn't want to leave: "I was always happy. I didn't want it to stop." Indeed, the Radio Times report that, having made a surprise appearance in November's 50th anniversary special The Day of the Doctor, he would love to do more episodes: "I turned down The Five Doctors [in 1981] because it wasn't long since I'd left – I had left Doctor Who because I think I'd run my course. "I didn't want to play 20% of the part. I didn't fancy being a feed for other Doctors – in fact, it filled me with horror. Now, of course, if someone asked me to do a scene with some other Doctors, I think, if they let me tamper with the script, it would probably be quite drole. I would think about that, yes."
The theft of credit and debit card information for as many as 40 million Target customers, first reported by independent journalist Brian Krebs, is prompting banks to take action.
JP Morgan Chase, Santander Bank, and Citibank have capped debit card purchases and ATM withdrawals for customers whose accounts may have been compromised. Some smaller banks are out-and-out canceling customers' cards.
Hackers stole PINs too
The situation may be even more dire than initially reported, as Reuters is now saying that personal identification numbers (PINs) were stolen along with the card numbers. The PINs were encrypted, but there is no guarantee that the hackers won't decrypt them.
Hackers stole the information in the three weeks after Black Friday, though it's still unknown how Target's systems were breached. The US Secret Service, which investigates financial crimes, is looking into the case.
Meanwhile, victims' credit card information is flooding the black market — and Krebs is still chasing it. A hacker already offered the journalist $10,000 to hold a story about the forums where the information is being sold.
Israeli soldiers arrest a Palestinian near the Huwwara checkpoint, south of Nablus in the occupied West Bank, 16 December. Israel has detained hundreds as part of a violent crackdown aimed at suppressing protests of Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. Ayman Ameen APA images
Israeli forces have escalated their sweeping arrest campaign of Palestinians in the occupied West Bank, including East Jerusalem, detaining hundreds since US President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital on 6 December.
Israeli occupation forces arrested 400 Palestinians on Tuesday and Wednesday alone in a crackdown Israel dubbed “Operation Green Candles.”
Israeli media reported that it was one of the biggest mass arrest campaigns in recent years, involving 1,600 occupation personnel.
As Israel intensified its violent effort to suppress Palestinian protests for Jerusalem, its forces continue “a concerted campaign of arrests,” the prisoners rights group Addameer said.
The arrest campaign has targeted “ex-detainees and individuals who are considered leading figures in their communities,” Addameer stated.
These included the arrest last Monday of Khader Adnan, a former detainee who has previously undertaken two prolonged hunger strikes – 66 days in 2012 and 55 days in 2015 – in protest of his detention without charge or trial by Israel.
Adnan immediately began a hunger strike to protest his latest arrest, according to prisoner solidarity group Samidoun.
Israeli soldiers also arrested Hassan Yousef, a member of the Palestinian Legislative Council, on Wednesday.
Yousef had been released on 31 August after being held under so-called administrative detention – without charge or trial – for two years.
He is one of 12 Palestinian lawmakers now in Israeli prisons, nine of them held under administrative detention, according to Addameer.
Israeli forces moved imprisoned Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti – also a member of the Palestinian Legislative Council – to solitary confinement this week, after he made a statement in commemoration of the first intifada, which began 30 years ago this month.
The detained lawmakers include Khalida Jarrar, who is also a board member at Addameer. She was arrested in July and has been held without charge ever since.
Targeting human rights defenders
Amid the current intensification of its arrest campaign, Israel has also targeted lawyers who defend Palestinian prisoners.
On 4 December it arrested three lawyers, including Eyad Messk, who represents Raed Salah, a prominent Palestinian political leader in Israel. Israel also arrested Khaled Zabarqa and Feras al-Sabbah, who work with prisoners and human rights organizations.
The lawyers were held in Israel's Petah Tikva interrogation center for a week before being released on Monday, according to Addameer.
Commenting on the arrests, Addameer said: “Israeli forces routinely target human rights defenders as part of an intensifying campaign against anyone seeking to further the cause of dignity and justice for the Palestinian people.”
In August, Israel detained Salah Hamouri, a Palestinian-French human rights defender and former detainee who works with Addameer.
He also remains in prison despite protests from French citizens and the French government.
But on 7 December, Israel released Addameer's media coordinator Hassan Safadi who was held for more than a year and a half. He was never charged.
No limits
As this video and others document, Israeli forces have even arrested injured persons being transported by medical personnel.
رغم إصابتهن..شاهد: قوات الاحتلال تعتدي على فتاتين قبل اعتقالهما من سيارة إسعاف في مدينة حلحول قضاء الخليل، اليوم.#انتفاضة_العدو pic.twitter.com/pqZYJwn1LQ — شبكة قدس الإخبارية (@qudsn) December 13, 2017
In this incident, Israeli forces stopped and forcibly removed two girls from a Red Crescent ambulance in Halhoul, north of Hebron, on Wednesday.
The two girls denied medical treatment were Manar Khader Rayan, 17, who was injured by a rubber-coated bullet, and Assalah Yousef Rayan, 17, Addameer reported.
A third child, 13-year-old Muhassen Taha, was also arrested in the same raid.
Videos and photos extensively document Israeli armed men disguised as Palestinians – so-called mistaravim – pointing weapons at journalists and seizing Palestinians in the midst of protests.
Another video published by the Israeli human rights group B'Tselem circulated widely on social media. It shows Israeli soldiers on Tuesday trying to arrest three Palestinian boys, all under the age of 8.
Yesterday, Israeli Border Police tried to drag into a jeep 3 Palestinian children (aged 7 to 8) who were playing near home. Arrests and detention of Palestinian minors by Israeli forces, often using violence and verbal abuse, are part of the occupation's routine. pic.twitter.com/0oWQ9qktJY — B'Tselem בצלם بتسيلم (@btselem) December 13, 2017
Thousands honor disabled protester killed in Gaza
On Friday, four Palestinians were killed and hundreds injured in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip as Israel cracked down on protests that have continued since Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the country's capital.
Among them was 29-year-old Ibrahim Abu Thurayya, a wheelchair user who had lost both of his legs during an Israeli assault on the Gaza Strip in 2008.
He had been seen participating in protests near Gaza's eastern boundary with Israel, waving Palestinian flags. Abu Thurayya, who supported a family of 11 by washing cars, was shot dead by Israeli soldiers with a bullet to his head.
On Saturday, thousands marched in his funeral.
I just received this fascinating message from Ernie Lazar:
The Koch Brothers are frequently discussed online including recently in a Chicago newspaper article re: their possible interest in purchasing the Tribune Company (LA Times, Chicago Trib, etc.) I sent the author of the article some details about the Koch family and he suggested that I post my reply as a comment on his webpage — which I did.
Since this material might be of interest to your readers, I copy it below:
——————————
1. Fred Koch was one of the founding members of the John Birch Society and he served on its National Council (which, on paper, was the governing body of the JBS but, in reality, it was powerless).
HOWEVER, like many other people who joined the JBS (such as Phyllis Schlafly), Fred ultimately resigned from the Society because (according to his wife), Fred believed that JBS founder Robert Welch was “too extreme” — and because he thought Welch was wrong in his adverse evaluations of many prominent conservative politicians.
2. Fred's son, Charles Koch, was also a JBS member but he resigned in May 1968.
One historian who has done research into the private papers of JBS National Council member William Grede claims that he found documentation in Grede's papers which indicates that Charles Koch resigned from the JBS at the request of Robert Welch because Charles and Robert Love (a JBS National Council member from Wichita KS) had placed a full-page ad in the Wichita KS Eagle newspaper entitled “Let's Get Out of Vietnam Now”.
At that time, the JBS had obtained almost a million signatures on a Vietnam petition advocating a win-the-war policy and withholding all aid to Communist countries — so Robert Welch apparently thought Koch and Love had undermined the JBS position.
3. It would be interesting if someone could get Charles to answer questions re: whether or not he still accepts the basic predicates of JBS ideology — namely, that most of our national leaders, government officials, and politicians during the past 8 decades have been Communist traitors, Communist sympathizers, or Communist agents?
For example:
Does Charles agree with the JBS position that Presidents Carter and Clinton should have been impeached for TREASON?
Or, for that matter, does Charles agree with this comment from the May 2008 JBS Bulletin in an article entitled “The New World Order Isn't New”.
“Just as the John Birch Society showed in the 1960's that the communists basically ran both the civil rights movement and the KKK, the strategy was nothing new. The former was used to transfer power to Washington DC in the name of civil rights and the latter provided a pretext for transferring power to Washington. You cannot get a really good conflict started unless you control both sides of the argument.”
More info re: JBS in my 204-page JBS Report here:
https://sites.google.com/site/ernie124102/jbs-1
Questions or comments: ernie1241@aol.com
Note this PS Dated April 3
In my continuing debate about Charles Koch which is in reply to comments appearing on the Chicago Reader website, I posted this message today in reply to one of my critics:
———-
Perhaps you at least can agree with one basic principle of truth-finding — namely, that due diligence requires independent research rather than just accepting at face-value whatever some public figure or organization presents in their self-serving statements or press releases??
Here are some basic questions which I would like to see Charles Koch answer before I would accept your predicate that he is a genuine libertarian who believes in tolerance and diversity.
1. Charles, do you believe the Birch Society contention that Presidents Carter and Clinton should have been impeached for TREASON?
2. Charles, do you believe the Birch Society contention that…
“A republican form of government or of organization has many attractions and advantages under certain favorable conditions. But under less happy circumstances it lends itself too readily to infiltration, distortion, and disruption” — and –as a corollary to that premise, do you believe along with Robert Welch that …”democracy, of course, in government or organization, as the Greeks and Romans both found out, as I believe every man in this room clearly recognizes — democracy is merely a deceptive phrase, a weapon of demagoguery and a perennial fraud.”
3. Charles, do you believe, along with the Birch Society, that during the 1950's:
“In the Senate, there are men like Stephen Young of Ohio, and Wayne Morse of Oregon, McNamara of Michigan, and Clifford Case of New Jersey and Hubert Humphrey of Minnesota and Estes Kefauver of Tennessee and John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts, whom it is utter folly to think of as just liberals. Every one of those men is either an actual Communist or so completely a Communist sympathizer or agent that it makes no practical difference…”
4. Charles, do you believe, along with the Birch Society, that:
“For the civil rights movement in the United States… has not been infiltrated by the Communists, as you now frequently hear. It has been deliberately and almost wholly created by the Communists patiently building up to this present stage for more than thirty years.”
5. Charles, do you believe, along with the Birch Society, that: Martin Luther King Jr. “attended a Communist training school” ??
6. Charles, do you believe, along with the Birch Society, that:
“The history of the socialist movement in the U.S. is one of advocating mandatory public education. Recall that it is the tenth step toward communizing any country outlined by Karl Marx in The Communist Manifesto…The aim of the Conspiracy has always been to break down the old social order and replace it with the anti-God system of socialism. Kindergarten was part of the breakdown of the old social order and it included that indoctrination of children at an ever-younger age away from their parents.”
7. Charles, do you believe, along with the Birch Society, that the following individuals are a representative sample of individuals who were, or are, either Communists, Communist sympathizers, or Communist “agents” who planned to destroy our country and bring us into a one-world socialist dictatorship?
a. President Harry Truman
b. President Dwight D. Eisenhower
c. General George C. Marshall
d. Allen Dulles (CIA Director)
e. John Foster Dulles (Secretary of State)
f. U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren
g. Henry Kissinger (Secretary of State)
h. Governor Nelson Rockefeller (NY)
i. Governor Edmund G. Brown (CA)
j. Senator Hubert Humphrey (MN — and later Vice President)
k. Senator Estes Kefauver (TN)
l. Governor Orval Faubus (AR)
m. Senator John Kerry (now Secretary of State)
n. President Charles DeGaulle (France)
8. Charles, do you believe, along with the Birch Society, that the liberal organization, Americans For Democratic Action… “whether a lot of its members know it or not, is the same as an arm of the Communist Party. Its weight can be thrown, and is thrown, time after time, with never an exception, in support of Communist objectives.”
9. Charles, do you believe, along with the Birch Society, that the NAACP, Congress of Racial Equality, National Urban League, American Civil Liberties Union, and other national civil rights and civil liberties organizations are all “Communist fronts”?
If Charles answered these nine questions — we could arrive at a fact-based judgment concerning his actual values and beliefs and then measure them against the historical record regarding what American libertarian organizations and publications believe.
EDMONTON, Alberta, June 17 (UPI) -- A Canadian researcher suggests placing a faster worker among slower ones can improve workplace productivity.
Ken Schultz, a management-science researcher at the University of Alberta, analyzed production-line data from a General Motors plant. The study, published in the journal Management Science, found an individual's performance level may have a direct effect on what becomes "a good day's work" for slower workers.
In his analysis of the production-line data, Schultz found changing production lines to introduce a higher-performing worker to an average or lower-than-average performing line, results in increased productivity for the whole line.
"You'd look for the person who's a good performer but doesn't react to others around him; that's the person you want to move to the low-level team," Schultz said in a statement. "There's a good chance he's going to be a person who has proven to be a leader."
However, the key is to arrange the work area so workers are facing each other when performing tasks, Schultz said.
PEORIA, IL - With less than two months until the season opener the Peoria Chiefs have put together an exciting and comprehensive promotional schedule for the 2015 season highlighted by the Midwest League All-Star Game, 23 fireworks shows, 18 giveaways, four jersey auctions, and numerous concerts, entertainment acts and VIPs. See the full promo schedule here.
"The 2015 season is going to be an exciting one at Dozer Park and for all Central Illinois with the All-Star Game approaching and we are looking forward to this ambitious promotional schedule," said Chiefs President Rocky Vonachen. "What we have been able to put together this off-season has something for everyone in Central Illinois. A full list of theme nights and more will be announced in the coming weeks."
Firework shows will begin on May 15 and this season adds three Thursday night fireworks shows to go along with the usual Friday and Saturday night spectaculars. Game with fireworks shows on Saturday's and Sunday's will begin at 6:30 p.m. while all others will begin at 7:00 p.m. Friday fireworks shows will take place after games on May 15, May 29, June 12, June 26, July 17, July 24, August 7, August 21 and September 4. Saturday games with fireworks are May 16, May 30, June 13, June 27, July 25, August 8 and August 22. The three new Thursday games with fireworks shows are May 21, June 25 and August 6. The remaining fireworks nights are Monday June 15, Wednesday July 15, Sunday July 26 and Wednesday August 5.
There will be three different series of giveaways this season, Bobbleheads, Player Wall Canvas and Kids Giveaways. The first bobblehead will be a giveaway for the first fans and will feature Homer as a Star Wars character on Star Wars night May 30. The first 1,000 fans will receive a Javier Baez bobblehead on June 14 when the Chiefs host the Chicago Cubs affiliated South Bend Cubs. The final bobblehead will be August 8 and will feature former Chiefs manager Joe Maddon.
Four of the five player wall canvases will feature former Chiefs staring with Yadier Molina on May 29. The second features Hall of Famer Greg Maddux and will be given to the first 1,000 fans on June 12. An Albert Pujols wall canvas will be given away on August 7 and one featuring Peoria area native Joe Girardi follows on August 21. The final wall canvas features Dozer Park and will be given away on Fan Appreciation Night, September 4.
Giveaways for kids are a feature of the 5:00 p.m. Sunday games and will be for the first 1,000 youngsters 12 and under. The first of these giveaways is a Yadier Molina kids catcher shirt on May 17 that is designed to replicate Molina's catching gear. The June 28 game features baby blue Chiefs replica youth jersey giveaway. The final kids giveaway is on August 9 as the first 1,000 kids get a Peoria Chiefs Lunch Box. All 11 Sunday games will continue to feature Player Poster giveaways for the first 1,000 fans with player autographs set for pre-game.
The first giveaway of the season comes on opening night April 9 as all fans get 2015 Chiefs Magnet Schedules. Saturday, May 16 is Military Appreciation Night and the first 1,500 fans will get a Peoria Chiefs Camo Hat. Thursday, July 16 features a Chiefs Beer Stein giveaway for the first 1,000 fans 21 and over on a Thirsty Thursday. Friday, July 17 is the annual Jimmy Buffett Night with a Beach Towel giveaway. Thursday, July 23 features a Chiefs Replica Road Jersey for the first 1,000 adults through the gates. Saturday, July 25 is Christmas in July and the Chiefs will give away Homer Snow Globes to the first 1,000 fans. On Wednesday, August 5 the first 1,000 fans through the gate will get a Pete Vonachen Replica Statue.
There are a handful of Entertainment Acts and VIPs scheduled for Chiefs games in 2015. Dueling Pianos from Spanky Entertainment based in St. Louis will perform during and after the June 13 game. The annual Legends at the Ballpark event with IPMR date and VIP guest will be announced at a later date. June 26 is Super Hero day with Iron Man and Captain America at Dozer Park. The annual Faith & Family Night is scheduled for June 27 with a post-game Christian concert. Again in 2015 the 501st Midwest Garrison will have characters on hand for Star Wars Night on May 30. Characters will also be on hand for Disney Night on June 28 and Princess Night on July 26. The Jimmy Buffett Night on July 17 will also feature a post-game concert after the fireworks. Fredbird, the St. Louis Cardinals mascot, will return to Dozer Park on Wednesday, July 15.
There are four specialty jersey auctions for 2014 with the first one coming on May 16 for Military Appreciation Night featuring Camo jerseys to go along with the Camo hat giveaway. The May 30-Star Wars Night will feature unique jerseys as will the July 17 Jimmy Buffett Night. At every Sunday home game in 2015 the Chiefs players will wear throwback jerseys designed to look like the 1980's powder blue St. Louis Cardinals jerseys. The jerseys will be auctioned during the final Sunday home game on August 30.
There will be two Bark in the Park events Sunday May 3 and Sunday June 14 where fans can bring their dogs to Dozer Park. Homer's Birthday is on Sunday, August 23. The Chiefs will also use the Video Board for two post-game movies in 2015. On June 28, Disney Night, fans can stay after the game to watch Toy Story and celebrate the 20th anniversary of the film. On Christmas in July, Saturday, July 25, fans can celebrate the 25th anniversary of Home Alone with a showing of the movie post-game.
Weekly specials for 2015 include: Dollar Dog Wednesday's presented by Hebrew National with $1 hot dogs, $1 sodas and $1 ice cream sandwiches. If the Chiefs lose on Wednesday's fans get a ticket to a future Monday - Wednesday regular season home game. Thirsty Thursday's with 12 ounce domestic draft beers and fountain drinks for $1 and Kids Eat Free Sunday's presented by PNC. Every Sunday kids 12 and under receive $5 admission, free hot dog, chips and drink while all fans can play catch on the field pregame and the Chiefs players will sign autographs. Post-game kids can run the bases.
Musician Peter Gabriel joined his name to a letter protesting the Prawer Plan, which could displace tens of thousands of Bedouin Palestinians from their homes in the Israeli south. The letter, which was published on the UK's Guardian, calls upon the British government “to make its relationship with Israel conditional on respect for human rights and international law and take concrete action to hold Israel to account”.
Other names on the letter include Brian Eno and directors Mike Leigh and Ken Loach. All three protested Israeli policies in the past as well. The full letter, signed by fifty public figures, reads:
Earlier this year, the Israeli knesset approved the Prawer-Begin plan. If implemented, this plan will result in the destruction of more than 35 Palestinian towns and villages in Al-Naqab (Negev) in the south of Israel and the expulsion and confinement of up to 70,000 Palestinian Bedouins. It means forced displacement of Palestinians from their homes and land, and systematic discrimination and separation. The Israeli government is pushing ahead with this plan despite the Palestinian Bedouin community's complete rejection of the plan, and condemnation from human rights groups. Palestinians are holding mass demonstrations in Israel and in the occupied Palestinian territory to oppose the Prawer plan and urge international governments to take action capable of pressuring Israel to abandon the plan. The UK government emphasises that it has raised concerns about the forced displacement of Bedouin Palestinians “at the highest levels”. Yet such statements ring hollow when the UK government continues to export arms to Israel and continues its ties with the Israeli government and industry. It is time for the UK government to make its relationship with Israel conditional on respect for human rights and international law and take concrete action to hold Israel to account.
UPDATE: Harriet Sherwood has more on this letter.
On November 5, 2009, at Ford Hood, Texas, U.S. soldiers were getting their final medical checkups before deploying to Afghanistan. Major Nidal Malik Hasan, an Army psychiatrist began gunning down the soldiers. His victims, all unarmed, included Francheska Velez, a 21-year-old private from Chicago who pleaded for the life of her unborn child. The Muslim major killed two other women that day along with 10 men, more than twice as many victims as the first attack on the World Trade Center in 1993.
Hasan also wounded 33 others, including Sergeant Alonzo Lunsford, who played dead then fled the building. Major Hasan chased down Lunsford, an African-American, and shot him seven times, including one bullet in the back. Firing a high-capacity handgun fitted with laser sights, Major Hasan shot Sergeant Shawn Manning in the chest and pumped four rounds into Sgt. Patrick Zeigler. Hasan would have killed and wounded more if civilian police officer Kim Munley had not wounded the assailant, who yelled “Allahu akbar,” as he killed. That familiar cry was hardly the only indicator of Hasan's motives.
Hasan had been emailing terrorist Anwar al-Awlaki about the prospect of killing infidel American soldiers, and the “Soldier of Allah,” as he called himself, did everything but take out an ad on the Super Bowl to announce his jihadist intentions. The U.S. security establishment was well aware of the communications but did nothing to stop Hasan, who claimed to be acting on behalf of the Taliban. Anwar al-Awlaki was orgasmic with joy that Hasan had done his duty.
President Barack Obama's first response to Hasan's mass murder was brief, low key, and failed to ascribe any responsibility to Islamic terrorism. “We cannot fully know what leads a man to do such a thing,” the president said. Such breathtaking denial soon became official policy. The Obama administration's Department of Defense issued Protecting the Force: Lessons from Fort Hood, which contains not a single reference to jihad or jihadists. Its only mention of “Islamic” is an endnote reference to “Countering Violent Islamic Extremism,” a 2007 FBI Law Enforcement Bulletin.
The United States Army and federal government did not call Hasan's attack terrorism or even gun violence. Major Hasan killed African Americans, hispanics and non-Muslims, but the government did not call the attack a hate crime. Rather, the government proclaimed the murder spree a case of “workplace violence,” an absurdity for the ages with consequences for the Hasan's victims. The refused to classify Hasan's attack as terrorism rendered victims ineligible for medals and other benefits related to combat.
Hasan remained in the Army, retained his rank of major, and the Army continued to pay his full salary. The Army also took care of the paralyzing injuries Hasan sustained, but Alonzo Lunsford told reporters the army refused to cover an operation to remove a bullet still in his body, and docked his pay when he was undergoing treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder. “We don't get passes the way Major Hasan got passes,” Lunsford told the New York Times. “Each one of us has gotten a raw deal somewhere down the line.” In April, the White House declined Alonzo Lunsford's request to meet with the president and explain how the government mistreated victims of the 2009 attack.
In August of 2013, a panel of 13 military officers handed down a death sentence for Major Hasan, but the sentence may never be carried out. The U.S. military has not executed an active-duty soldier since 1961, a span of more than half a century. The appeal process is lengthy and the final call goes to the President of the United States. The current incumbent is Barack Obama and Major Hasan showcases the opportunities for “Soldiers of Allah” under the Obama administration.
They can join the U.S. Army and still get promoted. They can correspond freely with the most bloodthirsty foreign terrorists, and those conducting the surveillance will do nothing to stop them from killing 13 American soldiers on a U.S. Army base. The Army, government, and president will provide cover by calling this workplace violence instead of terrorism. So the Soldier of Allah escapes with his own life and in prison continues to inspire other jihadists.
The month before Major Hasan's trial, Rudy Giuliani said, “you can't fight an enemy you don't acknowledge.” The next president, who will also be Commander in Chief, will have an opportunity to acknowledge the enemy, recognize Major Hasan's massacre as terrorism, and execute the terrorist on day one. As one of his victims said, he doesn't deserve to live.
Lloyd Billingsley is the author of Exceptional Depravity, a new crime book, and Hollywood Party: Stalinist Adventures in the American Movie Industry. He has written for City Journal California, Los Angeles Times, Wall Street Journal and many other publications.
*
Don't miss Frontpage Editor Jamie Glazov discuss the Left's Jihad-Denial and how it led to a tragic terror attack such as Fort Hood:
Freedom Center pamphlets now available on Kindle: Click here.
Subscribe to Frontpage's TV show, The Glazov Gang, and LIKE it on Facebook.
(Phone rings)
Recorded Message “Thank you for calling the Guyer Institute of Molecular Medicine, if this is a true medical emergency please hang up and dial 911…”
Heather: This is Heather can I help you?
Deborah: Hello Heather, I wonder if you can. I need to do an employment verification on a gentleman called Charles Sly.
Heather: Yes
Deborah: He is a pharmacist and I believe he did a rotation with you is that right? Do you know him?
Heather: Yes. Uh-huh.
Deborah: Can you possibly give me the precise dates?
Heather: I can. It will be just a minute.
(Hold music)
Heather: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Deborah: No that's fine thank you.
Heather: It looks like he was here in the fall of 2011. The start date we have, where we signed for him, was 10-17 of '11.
Deborah: 10-17-11. OK. Do you know how long he stayed with you?
Heather: I think it's for a couple of months. Like 3 months maybe.
Deborah: Great. Can I just check one other thing? Was he in house in your pharmacy or was he also out and about on rounds?
Heather: Oh. He was in our pharmacy.
Deborah: OK. That's great. It sounds like you know him then?
Heather: Yes. I knew him when he was here.
Deborah: Thank you so much.
In what apparently qualifies as good news for Adam Sandler, the comic actor is no longer the favored target at the Razzie Awards.
The 34th annual “celebration” of the worst in cinema took place on Saturday night, in its traditional slot the night before the Oscars, with Sandler and his film “Grown Ups 2” being completely shut out despite going into the show with a field-leading eight nominations.
Instead of loving to hate Sandler, Razzie voters loved to hate Will Smith‘s “After Earth” and the misbegotten anthology film “Movie 43,” each of which “won” a trio of “awards” designed to single out the year's worst cinematic achievements.
“Movie 43” was named worst picture, while its 13 credited directors and 19 credited screenwriters shared the worst director and worst screenplay designations.
Also read: ‘Movie 43' Review: Gross. Disgusting. Juvenile. Hilarious.
Smith was named worst supporting actor for the futuristic drama “After Earth,” with his teenage son Jaden named the worst actor and the two of them sharing the award for worst screen combo.
If any of this qualified as a surprise, it's because the Razzies have been on an anti-Adam Sandler kick in recent years. His film “Jack and Jill” swept the prizes in 2011 and he was named the worst actor the following year for “That's My Boy” – meaning, apparently, that “Grown Ups 2” is the least bad of his recent movies.
Tyler Perry was responsible for two other Razzies, winning the worst-actress award for “A Madea Christmas” and directing Kim Kardashian to a worst-supporting-actress prize for “Tyler Perry‘s Temptation.”
Also read: ‘After Earth' Reviews: Critics Can't Stand Will Smith's Space Adventure
The “winners”:
Worst Picture: “Movie 43”
Worst Director: The 13 people who directed “Movie 43”
Worst Actor: Jaden Smith, “After Earth”
Worst Actress: Tyler Perry, “A Madea Christmas”
Worst Supporting Actor: Will Smith, “After Earth”
Worst Supporting Actress: Kim Kardashian, “Tyler Perry‘s Temptation”
Worst Screenplay: “Movie 32,” written by 19 “screenwriters”
Worst Screen Combo: Jaden Smith and Will Smith on Planet Nepotism, “After Earth”
Worst Remake, Rip-Off or Sequel: “The Lone Ranger”
rogram Filefoobar2000) 1. Setup Foobar 2000 (Standart intstallation Crogram Filefoobar2000)
2. Setup iTech (Crogram Filesfoobar2000)3. Foobar pref > columns ui > main > import FCL from foobar2000FCL file > iTech 0.84. qsearch > custom bitmap > foobar2000imagesSAPPHIREqsearch.bmpfonts - calibricover name - cover.jpgspecial thanks - dawxxx666 for the original SAPPHIRE! The Best Mod!Sorry for the long wait.Your ideas for improvement.a brief description what's new- Changes the font to the international - Calibri- Play and pause button was a clear- A new vis peakmeter spectrum- Added album art panel- Added songticker, c 3 species private information onto- Coverflow panel replaced with components Biography View panel- Replace lyris show panel 3- Vu meter instead of buttons playback order- Added a type of playlist - (without cover album)- Corrected the size, upper panel info, album art, and other- and Morewishlist- off window frame- Association of type playlist and album art view with funtstsiey on one button to add a Choverflow panel- A separate button for playlist (single)- Shows the order playback queueand sorry for my englishEnjoy!
It was surprising a few months ago when Pinterest became one of the top ten social networks on the web.
A recent Experian study says Pinterest has jumped to the #3 social network position, ousting LinkedIn and falling only to Facebook and Twitter.
Pinterest's traffic was up almost 50% from February to January 2012 and Pinterest's unique visitors increased from 11 million to 17.8 million. One week during January yielded 21.5 million Pinterest visits, which is 30 times what its traffic was six months prior.
People are still most engaged on Facebook, spending an average of 405 minutes per month on it. They're spending about 89 minutes per month on Pinterest.
But all you really need to know about Pinterest is in the chart below. Here's what its total visits look like since last year -- the past three months are nearly a vertical line.
A Sony guide has revealed just how big your room needs to be in order for you to use the PlayStation VR, and the good news is you've now got a great excuse to dust off the old wrecking ball.
I kid, I kid. The company recommends using it in a clear area measuring around 9.8 x 6.2 feet. That's more than what's required for the HTC Vive (6.5 x 5 feet), and may prove a bit too much of a stretch for some. It's time to get the measuring tape out. Sony also advises players to remain seated in the middle of the area while using the PS VR, unless an app or game says otherwise.
"Limit your use of PS VR to within the Play Area," it reads. "Clear an area larger than the Play Area of all obstacles before using PS VR and remain seated whenever possible. If the application requires you to stand while wearing the VR headset, follow the application instructions carefully, and maintain awareness of your surroundings."
The document also reveals that the height of your in-game area depends on the placement of the PlayStation camera, anyone in the room with you can have less fun by watching the PS VR action on a boring TV via Social Screen and that the headset itself is compatible with glasses.
Here's everything we know about the PlayStation VR. If your room's not big enough for it, here are the best alternatives. [PlayStation Asia via Polygon]
The push by Democrats and other progressives to impeach President Donald Trump and remove him from office has gained a number of Republicans in the past few weeks and currently lacks just six Republican votes in the U.S. Senate, according to analysis by a major Washington think-tank.
A recent analysis by Elaine Kamarck of the Washington-based research group The Brookings Institution said that Trump has lost so many friends in the past few weeks that an impeachment bill is likely to succeed if the Democrats can find six additional GOP votes in the U.S. Senate.
See also: Secretary of State Tillerson Condemns Hate, Those Who Protect Hate Speech.
Kamarck, the director of the Center for Effective Public Management, said 12 Republican Senators have “no fear of the President” and could possibly vote against the president in an impeachment proceeding.
The United States Constitution grants that a president can be impeached and removed from office before end of their term if enough members agreed that the president committed “treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanours”.
In an article published on the Brookings Institution's website, Kamarck said Republican senators likely to vote to boot Trump from office include Arizona Senators John McCain and Jeff Flake.
McCain voted to kill the GOP healthcare bill a few weeks ago and put an end, for now, to Trump and the GOP's pledge to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act aka Obamacare.
For an article of impeachment to reach the U.S Senate it must first pass through the House of Representatives. The Senate requires two-thirds of senators to vote to remove the president.
Kamarck said that with 48 Democrats “who have shown no inclination to work with this President” voting to impeach Trump, it means the president was just six votes away from being removed.
In the history of the United States, only three presidents have faced impeachment proceedings. Andrew Johnson in 1898 and Bill Clinton in 1998 and 1999 were impeached and acquitted. Richard Nixon resigned in 1974 to avoid being impeached.
She said that between now and 2019, it is possible that a Republican Senator could walk into the Oval office and tell Trump that he does not have the votes needed to stay in office.
“'At some point in 2019 (if not sooner) a Republican Senator may walk into the Oval Office and say to President Trump: “Mr. President, we don't have the votes,' at which point the Trump presidency will end in a resignation or a conviction in the Senate,” Kamarck said.
Kamarck said current trend will have to continue for the President to face the prospect of impeachment.
“Of course this assumes that the forces now in motion continue on their same trajectory and result in an impeachment vote. They are: the investigations into the Trump campaign; evidence of weakness in the Republican base; historical trends indicating a possible Democratic takeover in the House and, last but not least, defiance in the Senate,” she said.
Instead of spending his one day off resting, a Florida man spends almost every Sunday scrubbing and cleaning veterans' tombstones.
Andrew Lumish, an owner of a cleaning service, takes a bucket, scrubs and cleaning products to spend up to ten hours wiping away the time on tombstones in cemeteries around Tampa, Florida.
Lumish, 46, has made it his life's mission to restore forgotten and decaying headstones of military veterans in order to honor the contributions they have made to their country.
A particularly aged tombstone can take up to four months to fully clean and Lumish takes the time in between to learn about the person, in order to bring their memory and resting place back to life.
Scroll down for video
Andrew Lumish, a resident near Tampa, Florida, spends almost every Sunday scrubbing and cleaning veterans' tombstones. He posted these photos of Johnny Fuente, an immigrant of Spain, who served in WWII, in April
Lumish, 46, has made it his life's mission to restore forgotten headstones of military veterans in order to honor the contributions they have made to their country
Lumish has cleaned more than 300 gravestones since beginning his project more than two years ago. He also shares information about the person
So far, Lumish has spruced up more than 300 gravestones before the end of 2015, reported the Tampa Bay Times.
He got his start photographing historic graves and noticed several inscriptions noted the person's military service.
The man told the Tampa Bay Times in late 2015: 'Something bothered me. Their final resting places were total disasters.
'They'd been neglected from the time they'd been buried.'
Due to the dated marble, granite and stone used for the headstones, Lumish, a self declared history buff, researched the best way to restore the structures before setting off of his journey.
He shared the story of Kezia and William Greene on April 7. The husband enlisted in the service of the Confederate States Army in the summer of 1861, and was engaged in several historical battles: The First Battle of Bull Run, The Second Battle of Bull Run, The Battle of Seven Pines, The Battle of Gettysburg and The Battle of Appomattox Court House
Lumish said a particularly aged tombstone can take up to four months to fully clean. He said this monument to Mrs Bertie Blount had two inches of debris on it
Lumish is the owner of carpet and upholstery cleaning service and began cleaning the memorials after photographing historic graves
Upon completing a headstone, Lumish then shares a before and after photo of the tombstone, on his Facebook and Instagram page, both entitled The Good Cemeterian
This is the resting place of a child and Lumish's research dug up an obituary placed in a local paper of the 14-month-old boy
He told CBS News in 2016: 'If [people] can't read it at all, they can't celebrate it, they can't honor that person, they can't appreciate that person.
'Whereas if you properly restore the monuments, you can begin an entire conversation, and potentially -- in a figurative sense -- bring that person back to life.'
Upon completing a headstone, Lumish then shares a before and after photo of the tombstone, on his Facebook and Instagram page, both entitled The Good Cemeterian.
He doesn't stop at the photos, but shares the snippets of information he learned about the person's life, including eye color, what war they served in, children and even family scandals.
Speaking to Reader's Digest, Lumish said: 'Some of these guys, who some consider heroes, would leave their wife for another woman, and leave six kids.
'It's a war hero who won a medal of honor for serving in the Civil War and was thrown in jail for not paying child support. … It's like the Real Housewives of 1985.'
Lumish said: 'If [people] can't read it at all, they can't celebrate it, they can't honor that person, they can't appreciate that person'
Due to the age of the headstones, Lumish first researched on how to properly clean the material so he wouldn't damage anything in his repairs
Republican shock jock Rush Limbaugh said Monday that the tide of opinion on LGBT rights has turned so sharply that he's getting seriously freaked out “that Vladimir Putin is saying things I agree with” these days.
Limbaugh was specifically talking about Putin's move to ban the adoption of Russian orphans by same-sex couples in other countries, and how he thinks that's a good idea.
“It freaks me out,” Limbaugh said. “I have to tell ya, it freaks me out that Vladimir Putin is saying things that I agree with. The Russian president has opposed the adoption of Russian orphans by lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender foreign couples, and has instructed the government and supreme court there to prepare changes to existing law by July 1.”
He added it's “ironic” that he now agrees with Putin, even after growing up fearing the Russians and being told that liberals secretly love Soviet-style communism.
“To the left, and still today, the United States was the great Satan,” Limbaugh insisted. “And so now here's a KGB officer who is — this guy is what he is, he's an old communist — and he's speaking out against the popular issue of the day in Russia.”
Putin's recent condemnation of same sex adoption comes amid a surge of anti-LGBT sentiment in Russia, where same-sex marriage is illegal and 85 percent of the citizens want it to stay that way, according to a recent survey. The survey, taken by the Russian research organization Levada-Center, also found that 34 percent of Russians think homosexuality is a disease and 16 percent said that LGBT people should be ostracized from society.
Conversely, in the United States — where a Gallup poll last December found that just 46 percent oppose marriage equality and only 15 percent think same-sex relationships should be illegal — President Barack Obama endorsed allowing same-sex couples to adopt children in November 2011, and came out in favor of full marriage equality several months later.
This audio is from the Rush Limbaugh show, aired Monday, April 1, 2013, snipped courtesy of The Daily Rushbo.
Yes! I hope these are the kind of answers you're looking for:
1. Know your limits. Learn what your body needs.This first one is basically the Spoon Theory again. Take it easy, don't do everything at once and break errands down bit by bit. Accept that it's okay that you can't do everything in one day, or even anything some days.
2. Get good sleep. This is a tough one for a lot of us. If you're able to, get to a doctor and maybe try some medication. It's okay to need medication for things. Figure out if you're a short, average, or long sleeper and set your morning alarm accordingly. Try to get to bed and get up at the same time every day, but if you need to keep sleeping that's okay. Do your best not to do anything in bed besides sleep (or fuck). That way your body knows bedtime is bedtime. If you need to read to get to sleep, or watch tv, or use your phone, do that in a comfy chair somewhere else and go to bed when you feel like you can sleep. Practice progressive muscle relaxation, or yoga, or meditation to help relax before bed. Try drinking sleepytime/chamomile/decaf tea before bed.
3. Eat well. Can be another tough one. For those of us who skip breakfast, it's definitely worth it to make an effort to eat in the morning. Try to eat at least two meals a day, and make sure you're getting protein, carbs, and sugar in some forms. A little caffeine may be alright for some of us, others should stay away. You know what's best for you. Drink lots of water. Don't just drink coffee in the morning and be done with it, treat your body well so it will treat you well.
4.Have a support system. If your friends and family don't understand you have different limits than they do, they need a wake-up call. Unfortunately this is something people don't have a lot of control over. A lot of people can be isolated or come from a bad family situation. But if you have people who will understand, talk to them about what you need. Ask for help. It's okay to need help. If you're financially able, maybe think about trying to find a psychologist to talk to when things are rough. Keep in mind you might need to go through a handful before you find the right fit. If you don't have any of those options, keep a journal or start channeling that stressed, depressed, and anxious energy into art. Write, draw, paint, do whatever you can. It doesn't matter if you've had any experience here. The point of this is not to publish a book, it's to let go of thoughts. If you're not artistic, find another hobby; bird-watching, putting puzzles together, playing Sudoku, cooking, cleaning. Having a support system or a way to let go of stress can really help energy levels.
5. Take breaks. Don't run yourself into the ground. Have days for just hanging around the house or in bed. Take a walk (or roll), or just sit outside for a little bit. That vitamin D does wonders. If you can, treat yourself to a massage, or have a partner give you one. Take a hot bath. Light some relaxing candles. Don't think about school or work or drama all day. It's your rest day, so rest. Remember that you are human and it's okay to need more rest than other people, or more help than other people. It doesn't make you weak or a burden. I know I can feel guilty for needing things sometimes, and other people can make me feel guilty about me needing things, and if I don't stress about that and I just focus on dealing with my body I don't feel as worn out.
Following a request from the Crew organization to provide its players the opportunity to attend Kirk Urso's funeral this Saturday in the Chicago, Ill area, Major League Soccer has rescheduled the match between the Crew and Toronto FC, originally set for Saturday, Aug. 11, at 7:30 p.m., to Wednesday, Aug. 22 at 7:30 p.m.
“It is important for us to honor Kirk's memory by attending his funeral,” said Crew captain Chad Marshall. “We are grateful to the League and Toronto FC for allowing us to move the game and for accommodating our request to be there for Kirk and his family.”
Crew Stadium gates will open at 6 p.m., and all tickets for Saturday's match will be honored on August 22. Fans with conflicts or questions about utilizing their tickets on August 22, should visit www.theCrew.com, for more information.
The Black & Gold 5k & Family Fun Walk presented by OhioHealth will go on as scheduled on Saturday, August 11, at 8 a.m.
Match Ticket Exchange Information
Season Ticket Holders
All Saturday, August 11th vs. Toronto FC tickets will be honored for Wednesday, August 22 vs. Toronto FC.
Gold (Full) Level Season Ticket Holders will be able to use remaining exchange dates if they are unable to attend the August 22 game
Black (10 game) Level Season Ticket Holders will be able to exchange for either of their remaining exchange dates of September 19 or October 7. In addition, Saturday, September 1 vs. the Montreal Impact will be added as an exchange date
Silver (Partial Plan) Ticket Holders will be able to exchange the Saturday, August 11 vs. Toronto FC ticket only for Saturday, September 1 vs. the Montreal Impact at 7:30 p.m. if unable to attend the August 22 game
If unable to attend the rescheduled August 22 game vs. Toronto FC, single-game buyers can exchange their ticket for the Saturday, September 1 game vs. the Montreal Impact at 7:30 p.m. at the Crew Ticket Office or by mail. [Mail to: Crew Ticket Exchange One Black & Gold Blvd. Columbus, OH 43211] If mailed, the new tickets will be mailed to the original buyer.
No refunds or exchanges for other dates.
Single-Game Ticket Buyers for August 11
All Saturday, August 11 vs. Toronto FC tickets will be honored for Wednesday, August 22 vs. Toronto FC.
If unable to attend the August 22 game, single-game tickets can be exchanged for the Saturday, September 1 game vs. the Montreal Impact at 7:30 p.m. at the Crew Ticket Office or by mail. [Mail to: Crew Ticket Exchange One Black & Gold Blvd. Columbus, OH 43211]. If mailed, the new tickets will be mailed to the original buyer.
No refunds or exchanges for other dates.
Group Ticket Buyers for August 11
(CNN) -- The mafia has traditionally maintained respect for women and children, but allegations the Gambino crime family was involved in underage prostitution may mean the last vestiges of mob reverence are gone, authorities said.
To some observers, seeing a woman among the defendants in a federal indictment, unsealed Tuesday, was just as shocking as charges the syndicate was peddling teens to customers in New Jersey and three New York boroughs.
Suzanne Porcelli, 43, was the only female among 14 reputed Gambino crime family members and associates indicted on charges including racketeering, murder, sex trafficking of a minor, extortion and drug trafficking.
Thirteen defendants, including Porcelli, entered not guilty pleas Tuesday, according to the U.S. attorney's office, and they are expected to appear Wednesday before a federal judge who has been appointed to the case.
"It's extremely rare to grab up a woman in an organized crime case because it's a male-oriented criminal society," said FBI special agent Richard Kolko. "It's certainly unusual, but as you can see in the indictment, she allegedly committed a serious crime and will face those charges."
Fifteen FBI agents showed up at the door of the single mother's home in Brooklyn to arrest her at 6 a.m. Tuesday, said her lawyer, Vincent Romano. She was released on bond.
Porcelli's name appears only six times in the 60-page document detailing a litany of accusations against suspected members and associates of the Gambino crime family. The list runs the gamut from murder to OxyContin trafficking to defrauding high-end restaurants with inflated invoices for meat orders.
Read about the charges against the 14 accused
Porcelli is charged with four counts in a sex trafficking ring involving some underaged girls, and not for charges of murder or racketeering-related activity.
"It's a very unfortunate situation for her. Obviously she's not a member or associate of any crime family. She's charged in a very limited conduct in the indictment," Romano said. "I'd like to get discovery and see what the evidence is against her, who's allegedly cooperating with the government against her to see what they have to say and assess the situation."
However slight her alleged role, having a woman caught up in an underage prostitution ring with the Gambino crime family marks a turn for the worse in organized crime, said Joe Coffey, a former commanding officer of the New York Police Department's organized crime unit.
"The mob as we know it historically holds very few things sacred, but they do hold women and children sacred," said Coffey.
"Women have been girlfriends and wives and mothers, but never has there been any case where a female becomes an influential person in mob operations, because it's seen as men's work, something that women and children should be protected from and kept out of."
Porcelli's name appears alongside the likes of 69-year-old Daniel Marino, a longtime member and current Gambino family boss, according to court documents. Porcelli is also accused of working with alleged Gambino family soldier Thomas Orefice, who is accused of a "staggering crime spree" related to most of the criminal enterprises in the indictment.
Porcelli faces four charges, including sex trafficking and sex trafficking of a minor, for her alleged role in an interstate sex trafficking ring in 2008 and 2009.
Orefice is accused of devising and executing the business plan for the prostitution ring, in which underage girls, including at least one 15-year-old, were offered up to paying customers in Manhattan, Brooklyn, New Jersey and Staten Island, according to court documents.
The defendants advertised their service on Craigslist and other websites, and had customers call a phone line operated by Porcelli to arrange appointments, the documents state.
"Orefice and the other defendants also made the young women available for sex to the players at regular poker games that Orefice and his crew ran."
Porcelli faces a potential life sentence on one count of sex trafficking of a minor.
Sex and drugs are nothing new to organized crime, says Coffey, but their expanding prominence within day-to-day operations reflects the weakening mores of the mafia and society.
"The mafia, as we know it today, is no longer what it was. Although they've always been ruthless, greedy, unlawful, murderous, they always had a certain amount of respect, i.e., for women and children," he said.
A law enforcement crackdown in the 1970s and 1980s targeting organized crime's leadership left a power vacuum that has been filled by leaders with a greater appetite for sex and drugs, he said.
"The mob, as we see it today, has lost all respect, lost all the historical culture that it was intended to have since 1931, and that's because they're becoming their own best customers within the drug culture."
The UN commission investigating war crimes in Syria blamed President Bashar Assad's government for committing the bulk of atrocities inside the war-torn country, exceeding the toll from the horrific massacres perpetrated by Islamic State fighters.
The head of the UN commission, Brazilian diplomat and scholar Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, described the Islamic State extremist group and anti-government armed groups capturing the world's attention as “agents of death and destruction,” but emphasized the government's sieges and attacks in Syria's civil war which has killed over 190,000 people and destabilized the region.
“The Syrian government remains responsible for the majority of the civilian casualties, killing and maiming scores of civilians daily, both from a distance using shelling and aerial bombardment and up close, at its checkpoints and in its interrogation rooms,” Pinheiro told the 47-nation UN Human Rights Council in Geneva.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
He lamented the regime's “starvation or submission” strategy through drawn-out sieges and indiscriminate attacks.
Checkpoints meanwhile “are often the starting point of a horrific journey of disappearance, torture, sexual abuse and, for many, death,” he said, calling the barriers “a source of terror to the civilians they encircle.”
Pinheiro strssed that the Syrian government and mainstream opposition must seek compromise to end three and half years of bloody civil war and block the rise of murderous jihadists.
“The rise of (Islamic State fighters) has emphasized the need for the government and mainstream opposition to find common ground and to commit to making compromises,” he said.
‘We have charted the descent of the conflict into the madness where it now resides'
Presenting the commission's latest report on the situation in the war-ravaged country to the UN Human Rights Council, Pinheiro said he had grown weary of standing before world diplomats and begging for action that never came.
“We have charted the descent of the conflict into the madness where it now resides,” he said, lamenting that he and his three commission colleagues had in vain “implored the parties and influential states to forge a peaceful settlement.”
“This inaction has allowed the warring parties to operate with impunity and nourished the violence that has consumed Syria,” he said.
“Its most recent beneficiary is ISIS,” the jihadist group calling itself Islamic State, Pinheiro added.
While the widespread abuses — including what rights organizations say amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity — carried out by Assad's regime and opposition groups have not subsided, the parties and the international community should find common ground in ending the “terror” delivered by IS, he said.
In its report, the commission detailed a litany of horrors committed by Islamic State, the group that has declared an Islamic “caliphate” in an area spanning northern Iraq and eastern Syria.
Massacres, beheading boys as young as 15 and amputations and lashings in public squares as residents, including children, are forced to watch, figure on the list, as does the widespread use of child soldiers and stoning women to death for suspected adultery.
Referring to the group's recent beheadings of two US journalists and a British aid worker, Pinheiro stressed that IS “has continued to subject scores of Syrians to the same fate in public squares in the north and east of the country.”
Outrage over the group's actions spurred US President Barack Obama last week to order expanded airstrikes against the militant group in Iraq and threaten the same on the Syrian side of the border.
Pinheiro reiterated Tuesday the commission's stance that the Syrian conflict “will not be resolved on the battlefield,” insisting dialogue was the only way forward.
“As military action on ISIS positions seems increasingly likely, we remind all parties that they must abide by the laws of war,” he said, demanding that “serious efforts must be made to preserve civilian life.”
Pinheiro also stressed that the jihadists were not “the sole agents of death and destruction” in Syria, where the UN says nearly 200,000 people have died since the conflict erupted in March 2011.
“I have run out of words to depict the gravity of the crimes committed inside Syria,” Pinheiro said.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- A federal judge in Syracuse today sentenced a lawyer who's represented accused terrorists to 18 months in prison for obstructing the IRS and not filing tax returns.
Stanley Cohen, 63, of New York City, maintained afterward that he's the victim of retaliation by the federal government because of the clients he's represented.
"I've been singled for punishment by this government for the positions I've taken," Cohen said after he was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Norman Mordue. "It's designed to silence me. It will not."
Mordue ordered Cohen to report to federal prison on Jan. 6.
Two separate film crews accompanied Cohen to the courthouse. One is doing a documentary on lawyers who represent accused terrorists, the other is doing a film on Cohen's life, he said.
Cohen, a lawyer for 31 years, pleaded guilty in April in Syracuse to obstructing the Internal Revenue Service by not reporting cash payments totaling $20,000 from one client in 2008, and $15,000 from another client in 2010.
For 2004, Cohen filed a tax return in which he claimed his gross receipts were $289,000, prosecutors said. But investigators determined he had deposits of more than $426,000 for that year, prosecutors said.
Bank records revealed that Cohen accessed his safety deposit box 77 times from 2006 through 2008, and that he made cash deposits totaling $504,000 at that bank from 2004 to 2008, prosecutors said.
Cohen can no longer practice law in federal court in the 32-county Northern District of New York. It will be up to other federal courts and the state judicial system to decide whether his felony conviction will result in Cohen being barred from their courts.
The sentencing also covered Cohen's guilty plea in federal court in New York City in May to misdemeanor counts of willfully failing to file income tax returns in 2006 and 2007.
The amount Cohen owes the IRS has not yet been determined. Cohen said it's about $40,000 a year for five years.
The prison sentence appropriately accounted for "the extensive, somewhat stealthy and long-running offense" Cohen committed, federal prosecutors Stephen Green and John Duncan wrote in their sentencing memorandum.
Cohen has claimed he was not convicted of tax evasion. But the prosecutors called him a "common tax cheat" and described his crimes as the "common activities of a tax evader."
He avoided creating a paper trail or government detection in his financial dealings with his clients, prosecutors said. He also took advantage of "less financially sophisticated" defendants, many of whom were drug dealers with large amounts of cash, Green and Duncan wrote.
Cohen ran a large portion of his law practice as a cash business and failed to maintain records of client billing, the prosecutors said. His clients have told federal agents that, before he became their lawyer, Cohen solicited investments from them of more than $100,000 in cash each, the prosecutors wrote.
Cohen said he pleaded guilty to end the government's harassment.
"It had bankrupted me," he said outside the courthouse. "It had created enormous health issues for my family. I resolved this to get on with life. I will continue to fight this governmentt. I will continue to fight for human rights all over the world.This is one bump in the road."
His claim that he was the victim of retaliation will be supported with big international news in about two weeks, he said. It's related to a 17-day trip he just returned from to Jordan and Kuwait, he said. He would not be more specific.
Cohen admits he should have filed his tax returns and been more attentive to report his financial transactions, defense lawyer Donald Kinsella wrote in a sentencing memorandum. Cohen's busy practice resulted in his inattention to those obligations, Kinsella wrote.
"Mr. Cohen has made a career of zealously representing people who most lawyers would hesitate to represent -- in the great tradition of the legal profession," the sentencing memorandum said.
On his website, Cohen wrote in April that prosecutors went after him because of his clientele.
"There is no doubt I have made mistakes which allowed the witch hunt to continue, and to produce a result not imposed against other like persons, but that comes with the turf," he wrote. "This is not a loss but a predictable result of a lifetime of resistance. There is a price to pay when you say no."
In March, Cohen represented Osama bin Laden's son-in-law in a high-profile New York City criminal trial. Sulaiman Abu Ghaith was convicted of conspiring to kill Americans and of other terrorism charges. Cohen has also defended a half-dozen accused terrorists, including the political leader of Hamas.
Contact John O'Brien at jobrien@syracuse.com or 315-470-2187.
About
FREE DEMO! [ [ Windows | Mac | Linux | Manual ] ]
Imagine that Fire Emblem and Disgaea had a baby, and that baby turned out to be a prodigy...
“With destructible buildings, bridge construction to create new flanking opportunities and the ability to throw people into lava, it sounds like Telepath Tactics may contain all that is necessary for my tactical needs.”–Adam Smith, Rock Paper Shotgun
“The gameplay recalls Sega's Shining Force series, mixed with a bit of Advance Wars — as a fan of both, I definitely approve of the direction this one's taking!”–The Indie Games Blog
“You can smash through walls, rob the high ground, build bridges, and lay down explosives. You can also back your foes into undesirable puddles of stuff, like water and lava. For a change, try flinging your best friend off a cliff.”–GameZebo
"Telepath Tactics is the first tactics game where I felt competitive in a good way and had a great time whether I was winning or losing. I love the use of environmental effects in TT and they've led to some interesting land grab battles where it was more about controlling, deforming, or transforming the maps to win than directly battling my opponent."–Phil Tibitoski, Octodad
THE GAME
Telepath Tactics is a turn-based tactical RPG in the tradition of Fire Emblem and Disgaea. It features a single player campaign with well-written characters embroiled in a tale of war and political intrigue, as well as 2-to-6 player multiplayer with support for hotseat play (i.e. you and your friends playing together in the same room, Super Smash Brothers style).
Telepath Tactics is being developed for Windows, Mac and Linux. Back the game at $25 or more and get early access; back at $50 to get early access to the map editor as well!
Setting
Telepath Tactics takes place in a fantasy-steampunk universe that averts most of the tropes you're used to from these sorts of games. Magic doesn't exist: instead, there is psionics and steam-powered technology reliant on a volatile, crystalline substance called vibra. Cavaliers don't ride horses: they ride giant, armored praying mantises. There are no elves, no dwarves, no goblins, no dragons: it's just humans and a few other, entirely original sentient races (such as the shadowlings, disembodied floating heads that quite literally feed on human suffering).
[ [ Read more about the setting and the story in Update #1! ] ]
Gameplay
Telepath Tactics takes a highly deterministic approach to combat mechanics. Attack damage is 100% predictable, and attacks always hit unless there is some intervening factor (such as the attacker having been blinded, or the target having some special defensive status effect). In this regard, it is very much a game of skill akin to chess—chance will seldom determine the outcome of a battle.
Telepath Tactics borrows liberally from the best tactics games around to provide a wide variety of available strategies. Throw enemies off of cliffs; push enemies into water or lava; fling friends across gaps; set your enemies on fire; freeze them; blind them; cripple them; stun them; use hit-and-run tactics with cavalry and bowmen; teleport; grab item drops; stick your ranged units on the high ground to boost their effectiveness; the list goes on and on.
Telepath Tactics also brings fresh new environmental manipulation mechanics to the table. Push boulders, barrels and tables in the way to block off certain routes; build bridges to create new routes across water or lava; build barricades to brunt an incoming attack; destroy walls, doors and bridges to open up or close off routes of attack; shoot through open windows; place down explosive charges to create a trap for an unwary opponent. Telepath Tactics supports all of this and more.
The enemy AI in Telepath Tactics is aggressive and reactive. The enemy will not just sit around the battlefield waiting for your characters to wander into aggro range or trigger a script—instead, the AI will actively maneuver and seek out ways to get at your most vulnerable characters.
Telepath Tactics multiplayer comes with 22 unique character classes, each with its own strengths, weaknesses, and battlefield roles. The single player campaign features unique, named characters based off of these classes, each with its own custom stats and leveling schemes.
[ [ Read more about the game's character classes in Update #6! ] ]
[ [ Learn more about multiplayer in Update #8! ] ]
You don't have to be content with the selection the game ships with, however. Telepath Tactics features extensive mod support that allows you to create custom multiplayer maps, custom tilesets, custom destructible objects, custom items, custom attacks, custom character classes, and even whole single player campaigns filled with unique characters, enemies, dialog and cut scenes. Everything is stored in easy-to-edit .xml files, so modding is a cinch.
The game also comes with a full-featured map editor to make creating new battles fast and simple. Create your own, or download someone else's: Telepath Tactics supports all of the above.
[ [ Learn more about modding in Update #4! ] ]
There is a lot more I could say about the game. Rather than talk your ear off, however, I will direct you to the latest draft of the Telepath Tactics manual with more (and more detailed) information on how the game works.
WHERE IS TELEPATH TACTICS AT IN ITS DEVELOPMENT?
Every single thing you read in the section above is currently in-game and working. There is no question about whether this project is too ambitious to complete: it isn't. The lion's share of the really tough stuff is already done. I just need more resources to give the game all the content and polish it needs.
Get a taste of the game in this public alpha demo!
[ [ Windows | Mac | Linux ] ]
SO, WHAT DO YOU NEED $25,500 FOR?
I've crunched some numbers, and $25,500 is the bare minimum amount of money it will take to finish Telepath Tactics to my satisfaction. (Please note that I am not counting wages for myself in this figure. I don't want a salary; I just want the money to get this thing done right.)
Here are the things your contribution will fund:
Hiring a sound designer to create all of the sound effects for every last button click, movement, attack, character death, item usage, and action in the game. Estimated cost: $12,000
Hiring a composer to flesh out the game's soundtrack with more music. Estimated cost: $4,000
Hiring artists to create more art: tilesets, destructible objects, character portraits, NPC sprites, and a second gender for each character class. Estimated cost: $4,000
Promoting Telepath Tactics * at PAX East. Estimated cost: $2,000
at PAX East. Estimated cost: $2,000 Hiring a web designer to build a proper website* for Telepath Tactics. Estimated cost: $1,000
Now, if you're good at math, you might be scratching your head right now. "Craig," you might say, "that's only $23,000. What is the last $2,500 for?" Good eye. The last $2,500 is to cover the estimated 10% cut that Amazon and Kickstarter take from whatever we raise. (For instance: if we raise $25,500.00, I estimate that these guys will take a $2,550 cut; that leaves just about $23,000, the amount I need to cover the expenses listed above.)
* Publicity is important to the game: it means more people for you to play against in multiplayer, and more people creating single player campaigns for you to play. Trust me, you want this!
WHAT HAPPENS IF WE RAISE MORE THAN $25,500?
In the event that this happens, I have a wish list a mile long for extra goodies I could pack into the game! Check out the full list of stretch goals here.
THE REWARDS
So let's talk rewards. We'll start basic, then build up toward the really awesome stuff. Any contribution gets our gratitude; the actual goodies begin at $10.
$10 will get you a digital copy of the game upon release. (Windows, Mac or Linux.) Simple, no frills.
$20 will net you some awesome digital art in addition to the game.
Back the game at $25 and you'll get early access! You'll get the game within a few weeks after this campaign ends; everyone else will have to wait until I finish and release it.
BONUS: Add $9 onto any pledge level to get an extra copy of the game for a friend; that way, you'll have a buddy to fight against in multiplayer. (Also, that's 10% off the price of the game!)
At $30, you'll get everything above, plus a cool Telepath Tactics postcard.
NEW! An alternate $30 reward tier that substitutes the game's soundtrack in place of a postcard.
At $40, you'll get everything in the $30 Postcard tier and your name will appear in the game's credits!
BONUS: Everyone who pledges at or above $40 will receive a free copy of Telepath Psy Arena 2, an addictive tournament-style tactics game with team management, challenge matches, randomly generated training battles, and 10 leagues filled with fights that will test your tactical skill!
At $50, you'll get everything in the $40 tier, plus early access to the game's map editor so you can start making battles and campaigns right away!
NEW! Digital all-in! At $60, get the game, early access, digital art, your name in the credits, the map editor, the soundtrack, a 2nd copy of the game for a friend, AND the awesome 30-track soundtrack to Telepath RPG: Servants of God!
At $75, get everything in the $50 tier plus an awesome, full-color 24" x 18" Telepath Tactics poster.
At $100, you'll get to add a name to the game's database of multiplayer character names! (I reserve the right to veto inappropriate submissions.)
BONUS: Everyone who pledges at or above $100 will also now receive a free copy of my last game, Telepath RPG: Servants of God, a Middle East steampunk tactical wRPG about oppression, democracy, God, and the nature of knowledge. That game normally costs $25 all on its own, so this is a pretty killer value!
At $125, you get a limited-edition signed version of the Telepath Tactics poster! (Who knows: maybe it'll be worth something someday?)
At $150, you'll not only get to name a character in multiplayer, you'l also be listed as a Producer in the game's credits!
At $200, you'll get to chat with me on Skype for an hour on any topic(s) of your choice. Want game design advice? Want beard-trimming tips? Want to argue over which Monty Python film was best? It's up to you! (Plus, you'll have my Skype username forever,
At $300, I will immortalize you by incorporating you into the game's official single player campaign as an NPC!
At $350, you will not only be an NPC, but you will have a dramatic scene with plot significance! (We'll work with you to decide the circumstances: death, romance, a narrow escape, etc.)At $400, you will not only be an NPC, but you will have a dramatic sce
At $500, you'll get to chat with me, the developer, on Skype for one hour on any topic(s) of your choice. Want game design advice? Want beard-trimming tips? Want to argue over which Monty Python film was best? It's up to you!
At $500, be an NPC+, plus you can choose to name an island in the Dundar Archipelago, where Telepath Tactics takes place! This island will persist in future games and become part of the official canon, so choose wisely! (I reserve the right to veto dumb n
At $1000, you will appear in the official campaign as a villainous boss character that the player has to defeat! (If I were contributing to this campaign, I'd totally pick this one. Just sayin'.)
At $2000, you'll appear in-game as an actual playable character that the player recruits into his or her army! We'll work with you to decide your character's backstory, personality, and combat abilities. Pretty awesome.
At $5000, you can work with me to design a battle in the official campaign! You'll also be credited as an Assistant Designer.
At $5000, you can instead choose to work with me to design a totally new multiplayer game mode! Here, too, you'll be credited as an Assistant Designer.
At $10,000, pick any tier; plus, I will take you out for an awesome evening with all the best food and drinks I know of around Chicago! (Free bonus: get me drunk enough, and I will totally dish dirt on the Octodad team.)
Finally, as mentioned above, we have a top-up option! Add $9 to your current pledge, and you'll get a discounted second copy of Telepath Tactics to give to a friend!
Please give as generously as you can; it'll help a lot!
In addition to pledging, you can also help Telepath Tactics out by voting for it on Steam Greenlight--this will help ensure that the game sees a Steam release!
WHO IS THIS MYSTERIOUS AND HANDSOME DEVELOPER, ANYWAY?
I'm Craig Stern, the guy behind the company Sinister Design. (You also might know me as the creator of IndieRPGs.com, but I consider myself a game developer first and foremost.)
I've been designing board games and card games since I was a child, and I've been creating video games for more than half a decade. Over that time, I've put out a whole slew of turn-based strategy RPGs. Those games were pretty good, but I consider them all a dry run: Telepath Tactics is the real deal. Telepath Tactics is the culmination of years of careful thought and design work. I am not messing around with this game: I am gunning to create the most elegant, comprehensive, tactically deep strategy role-playing game in existence, and to then give it over to you, the community, to extend as you see fit.
Please contribute to make Telepath Tactics happen; you'll have my sincere gratitude, and one excellent turn-based tactics game to show for it.
Story highlights Storm strength increases to Category 5
It could become a Category 5 storm before making landfall, forecasters say
The National Hurricane Center calls the storm "extremely dangerous"
(CNN) Hurricane Patricia, churning toward southwestern Mexico, is a "potentially catastrophic hurricane," forecasters said after the storm increased in strength to Category 5.
"Satellite images indicate that maximum sustained winds have increased to near 160 mph (260 kph) with higher gusts," the National Hurricane Center said Thursday night.
Though it is expected to weaken Friday, it should make landfall on the Pacific coast near Punta San Telmo late in the day as an extremely dangerous storm.
Patricia now an extremely dangerous & potentially catastrophic Cat 5 with 160mph winds https://t.co/Oy8uof9ldM pic.twitter.com/gmWrYmBuuj — NHC E. Pacific Ops (@NHC_Pacific) October 23, 2015
"Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion today," the center said.
As of late Thursday night, the storm was about 200 miles (320 kilometers) south of Manzanillo, Mexico, moving northwest at 10 mph (17 kph).
Read More
Houston, TX (January 6, 2017) – CHI St. Luke&'s Health–Baylor St. Luke&'s Medical Center (Baylor St. Luke&'s) successfully completed a 5-way, multi-hospital kidney transplant swap with the National Kidney Registry (NKR). The swap began with a Good Samaritan donor at the University of California, Los Angeles on December 12 and ended on December 15 at the University of California, San Francisco.
“This is a significant achievement for Baylor St. Luke&'s transplant team,” said Christine O&'Mahony, MD, Kidney Transplant Surgical Director, Baylor St. Luke&'s. “A lot of time and coordination went into making this recent swap a success. I&'m proud that we were able to play a role in helping people give the gift of life to each other.”
Local Father and Son Participate in Swap Together
Over the course of three days, five people donated their kidneys to five recipients across the country. Locally, a father (recipient) and son (donor) participated in the chain at Baylor St. Luke&'s Medical Center. Kim Richardson, 69, was diagnosed in his 40s with polycystic kidney disease, a genetic disorder that causes multiple cysts to grow in the kidneys. In September 2011, he was put on the kidney transplant list. Due to a kidney failure and heart disease, Kim may have had six to seven years left of kidney function. Unfortunately, family members were not a donor match for Kim. Baylor St. Luke&'s introduced the Richardson family to the living donor match system through the NKR and Kim was placed in a multi-center swap on January 19, 2016. His son, Scott, decided to participate as well. Scott donated his kidney to a recipient in Los Angeles, while Kim received a kidney from a donor in Los Angeles.
“I&'m very thankful that the Baylor St. Luke&'s transplant coordinators introduced us to the idea of the swap program after not having a positive match in our family,” said Kim. “It feels wonderful to have a new kidney. Attending dialysis three times a week ties you down. I have a sense of relief knowing that I no longer have to worry about treatment and can spend more time with my family.” Scott added, “Everybody at Baylor St. Luke's has been incredibly supportive over the past year. It's wonderful that my dad now has an opportunity to improve his quality of life and it is amazing that in the process, several others got the same opportunity!"
Here&'s How the Swap Worked
Facilitated by the NKR, the living donor swap takes a group of incompatible donor-recipient pairs (recipients coming to one of the four hospitals with a willing donor who is not compatible by blood or tissue) and matches them with other pairs in a similar predicament. By exchanging kidneys between the pairs, it is possible to give each recipient a compatible kidney. In this way, each recipient receives a kidney from a stranger, and transplants are enabled that otherwise would not have taken place. Involving multiple hospitals creates more possibilities for matches.
According to the NKR, nearly 100,000 people are on the kidney transplant waiting list. The living donor swap match program seeks to address the acute shortage of organs by enlarging the pool of living donors who want to donate a kidney to a family member or friend, but can&'t due to issues such as incompatible blood types
Baylor St. Luke&'s has one of the most active kidney transplant programs in Texas. The program has performed over 2,100 kidney transplants and has a one-year patient survival rate of 99.4 percent. Since last year, Baylor St. Luke&'s has had a 44 percent increase in kidney transplants, including a 10 percent increase in living donor transplants.
###
About CHI St. Luke&'s Health
CHI St. Luke&'s Health, a member of Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), is comprised of three markets?CHI St. Luke&'s Health is home of the Texas Heart Institute (THI), eight hospitals, eight emergency centers, Diagnostic & Treatment Center, Radiation & CyberKnife® Center, and several St. Luke&'s Medical Group locations throughout Greater Houston; CHI St. Luke&'s Health Memorial (three hospitals and a long-term acute care facility in East Texas); and CHI St. Joseph Health (five hospitals and several St. Joseph Medical Group locations across Brazos Valley). In addition, CHI St. Luke&'s is a part of a joint venture agreement with Baylor College of Medicine®, which encompasses Baylor St. Luke&'s Medical Center in the Texas Medical Center. Together, CHI St. Luke&'s Health, THI, and Baylor College of Medicine® are transforming health care delivery with a mission to usher in a new era of health care to create healthier communities. For more information, visit CHIStLukesHealth.org.
CHI St. Luke&'s Health is a part of Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), one of the nation&'s largest health systems. Headquartered in Englewood, Colorado, CHI operates in 19 states and comprises 105 hospitals, including four academic medical centers and teaching hospitals; 30 critical-access facilities; community health services organizations; accredited nursing colleges; home health agencies; and other services that span the inpatient and outpatient continuum of care. Learn more at catholichealthinitiatives.org.
SHEFFIELD, England, Wednesday January 20, 2016 – Patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) are showing “remarkable” improvements after receiving a treatment usually used for cancer, doctors in Sheffield say.
Several patients have received bone marrow transplants using their own stem cells. Dramatic results include the restoration of some previously paralysed patients' ability to walk.
MS, an incurable neurological condition, causes the immune system to attack the lining of nerves in the brain and spinal cord. Most patients are diagnosed in their 20s and 30s.
BBC News reports that the new treatment – known as an autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) – aims to destroy the faulty immune system using chemotherapy, and then rebuild it with stem cells harvested from the patient's own blood. These replacement cells are at such an early stage that they have not developed the flaws that trigger MS.
Professor John Snowden, consultant haematologist at Sheffield's Royal Hallamshire Hospital, told the BBC: “The immune system is being reset or rebooted back to a time point before it caused MS.”
About 20 MS patients have been treated in Sheffield in the past three years, and Professor Snowden commented: “It's clear we have made a big impact on patients' lives, which is gratifying.”
But doctors in Australia have urged caution in using HSCT.
MS Research Australia (MSRA), which said the treatment is available on a very limited basis in Australia for patients with severe MS who have not responded to other therapies, warned that while the outcome for some of the patients in the UK trial has been very positive, it may not work for all forms of MS. They caution that more research is needed to understand who will benefit the most from the treatment which can also carry significant risks.
“[Only] until we have carefully conducted trials that look in a very careful way at the outcomes of this treatment will we know whether its any good,” said Professor of Stem Cell Sciences at the University of Melbourne, Dr. Martin Pera, who noted that the treatment uses chemotherapy, which is more aggressive than other treatments available.
“This is not like taking an asprin or a valium. These are toxic drugs with a number of side-effects. Certainly its not a treatment you would undergo unless you had very strong indications that it would actually do some good.”
The BBC's Panorama programme was given exclusive access to several patients who have undergone the stem cell transplant.
They included Steven Storey, who was diagnosed with MS in 2013 and, within a year, went from being an able-bodied athlete to wheelchair-bound, with the sensation in much of his body lost.
“I went from running marathons to needing 24-hour acute care. At one point I couldn't even hold a spoon and feed myself,” he told the BBC.
Within a few days of the transplant he was able to move his toes, and after four months he could stand unaided.
Storey still needs a wheelchair but is astounded at his progress: “It's been incredible. I was in a dire place, but now I can swim and cycle and I am determined to walk, he said.”
Another stem cell transplant recipient is Holly Drewry, who was just 21 when she was diagnosed with MS. Her condition deteriorated after she gave birth to her daughter Isla.
She said “Within a couple of months I got worse and worse. I couldn't dress or wash myself; I didn't even have the strength to carry my daughter,” she told the BBC.
Drewry needed a wheelchair before her transplant, but walked out of hospital after the treatment.
“It's been a miracle. I got my life and my independence back and the future is bright again in terms of being a mum and doing everything with Isla,” she said.
After two years, she has suffered no relapses and there is no evidence of active disease on her scans.
Doctors describe her MS as dormant, but there is hope that the transplant might be a permanent fix.
Britain's Royal Hallamshire Hospital, together with hospitals in the United States, Sweden and Brazil, is part of an international trial known as MIST, which is assessing the long-term benefits of the stem cell transplant.
All those on the trial have relapsing remitting MS, where patients experience attacks or relapses followed by periods of remission.
Professor Richard Burt of Northwestern University, Chicago, carried out the first HSCT for MS as long ago as 1995 and is coordinating the international trial which began in 2006.
A study published last year involving MS patients in Chicago showed significant reductions in neurological disability, and for some the improvements persisted for at least four years, although there was no comparative control group.
The outcome of the more detailed MIST trial, which will report in a couple of years, could determine whether the stem cell transplant becomes a standard treatment for many MS patients.
English: Self made Law & Order logo (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
received a cease and desist letter from's attorney asking him to remove the post containing the accusations and issue a retraction and apology. PZ initially posted this letter at http://freethoughtblogs.com/pharyngula/files/2013/08/shermerslawyerletter.pdf but removed it soon after posting it. Not surprisingly, the letter was downloaded and is now available in many locations. It is an interesting read for those who have been following this situation. While I realize that many are trying to tune out the infighting in the atheist movement, I believe that this situation in which a prominent figure in the skeptic community is pursuing legal action against a prominent blogger for allegedly posting libelous material is relevant to many of us.It is not yet clear whether Shermer will sue PZ for defamation; however, this seems more likely based on the letter than it did previously. Of equal interest is the question of PZ's immediate response. At the time I am writing this post, PZ has still not removed the post in question or issued a retraction. He says that he has been in touch with Ken White at Popehat to arrange legal assistance for himself. This could mean that he's planning to fight, but I suppose that will be evident soon enough if the post containing the accusations against Shermer remains much longer.Based on the relevance to the atheist movement, skeptic community, and blogging in general, this seems like one to watch closely. It could end up having far-reacting implications.
Everything is a grid
When you design or build a website, app, icon or UI element, you're designing to a grid. It doesn't matter if that grid is pixels, points, percentages, inches, centimetres or some other kind of measurement. It can be as abstract or specific as you like. It's still a grid.
Design grid and screen grid #
The unit of measurement, the positioning and how the design grid relates to the way things are eventually displayed on the screen make a big difference to the image quality of the result. This is true if you're drawing everything in code, everything with vectors, or using bitmaps. The important factor is how the design grid relates to the screen grid.
If the design and screen grids don't match, pixels get blurred. Quality is lost. Every single element on the screen is subject to these rules — elements drawn in code, as a vector or as a bitmap (if they're scaled, bitmaps lose even more quality than things drawn in code or as vectors).
The rise of mobile OSs like iOS, Android and Windows 8 Metro have ushered in a large range of display sizes and pixel densities, as well as various methods to cope with the variations. Mobile device pixel densities range from about 160ppi to 320ppi. Apple took the high road and limited UI scaling to two sizes, with newer displays being exactly double the pixel density of the first generation of their devices. This is ideal for scaling. Android and Windows 8 can't easily do that, due to the range of devices they're run on. Their business model dictates variety. Variety dictates non-ideal scaling. Non-ideal scaling dictates blurry pixels or non-ideally placed pixels.
Android uses density-independent pixels as its preferred design grid, and scales UI to match the resolution of the device's screen. Assets are often created at 160ppi, 240ppi and 320ppi, which relates to scales of 100%, 150% and 200%.
Windows 8's Metro does a similar thing. Metro assets are created at 100%, 140% and 180%.
Matching design and screen scales #
If your design is being scaled, which scales offer the most accuracy? The chart below compares design pixels to screen pixels.
A perfect match is shown in green (this is desirable). The matching pattern repeats every 20 pixels due to the scales used in the chart, so we can work an approximate score for any screen size (it will be an exact score if the screen size is a multiple of 20). The overall score given to each scaling percentage is a comparison of perfect matches to overall attempts.
As you can see, scaling to any size other than exactly double is detrimental to the accuracy of how your original design is represented on screen. The asset scales of 140% and 180% required for Windows 8 Metro hit their target less than 25% of the time. Android's 150% scale lands on a neat pixel boundary half the time.
Here's how the various scales mentioned above treat a simple graphic. As you can see, the only scales that maintain their integrity are both the extremes, 100% (1.0) and 200% (2.0). Note that the shape below was drawn as a pixel snapped vector (the best method possible).
Icons can be specifically redesigned at each scale, but some of the decisions involved become difficult. That's because the decisions are creative, not technical. Strokes have to be made thicker or thinner. Things that were centred previously can't be. Redesigning an interface for several fractional scales is a huge amount of work and is likely to give poor results, due to the simple, but inescapable maths involved.
Android and scaling #
Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich's status bar can be seen below at 160ppi, 240ppi and 320ppi (100%, 150%, 200%). These screenshots were taken from the Android Emulator. It's possible the image assets aren't final, but to me the icons look horrible at all sizes and have obvious bitmap scaling artefacts.
iOS and scaling #
On the other hand, iOS's UI scaling gets a perfect score, because Apple only ever use 100% and 200% scaling. Apple's tight control over the hardware and software for their mobile devices gives a distinct advantage for UI design accuracy at their chosen screen pixel densities. The image below is the iPhone's status bar as seen on the iPhone 4/4S and the iPhone 1/3G/3GS (yes, I've cut it up a little to show the battery icon next to the Wi-Fi icon).
Apple solved the problem by making strong product choices.
This is why I like designing for iOS.
D.C.-based virtual reality software developer Notion Theory turned rental space at a co-working space into a state-of-the-art virtual reality room that you can rent by the hour.
WASHINGTON — The first virtual reality arcade on the East Coast opens this month in Dupont Circle.
D.C.-based virtual reality software developer Notion Theory has taken some office space at a MakeOffices co-work location at 18th and M Streets in Northwest, and turned it into a state-of-the-art virtual reality room that you can rent by the hour.
Called notionVR, gamers use the HTC Vive, one of the newest headsets that gives users dual-wield hand controllers and base station motion sensors, providing full-range motion. Users can choose from a long list of popular games and content.
Why is a virtual-reality arcade a viable business? Because, at least right now, you probably can't afford the equipment yourself.
“When you consider the Vive headset that we have, you're paying $800 for the headset, plus sensors, plus hand controllers. And then it has to be hooked into a video game-grade custom-built computer, and then you have to set up the sensors and setting up the room for room-scale VR,” Notion Theory's Kristian Bouw said.
“For the nontechnical, general consumer, there is a lot of set up and troubleshooting involved, and so in the next five years, there is a lot of room for a business like a VR arcade, until the technology gets small enough that it can all go through the mobile phone.”
Players reserve the space in advance and pay $30 an hour. The rate is based on time used, not number of players.
“Players can reserve anywhere from as little as 30 minutes all the way up to 10 hours for a full day of the arcade,” Bouw said.
While notionVR can claim the title of first VR arcade on the East Coast, one opened in San Francisco in July, and Bouw said.
NotionVR is located at 1200 18th St., Northwest. It opens Aug. 15.
One bonus for MakeOffices members? They get access to the VR arcade for free.
I was watching a documentary on anorexia, and I found a few major problems with how certain situations were handled. One woman with an ED kept saying, “You'll tell me if I gain too much weight and get fat, won't you?”, and her mother answered, “Of course, we don't want you to be fat, just healthy”. Gee, I wonder why she might have an eating disorder in the first place!! Also, a doctor had one client do an exercise where she had the patient sketch a to-scale drawing of how fat she thought she was, then traced the outline of the women's body around that image. The doctor told her, “See? You're not as big as you think. You're actually very thin”. That's not the point! The point isn't whether they're ACTUALLY fat or not, it's that they have a very self-deprecating mindset. People need to stop promoting the idea that anorexia always = thin. They're indirectly saying that “you need to get down to a certain weight and get sicker before we'll actually help you”.
Many have wondered whether the bizarre scandal that embroiled linebacker Manti Te'o could have an effect on his draft stock, but don't count Te'o in that camp.
In an interview with USA Today, Te'o said he thinks his play speaks for itself and hopes he'll be evaluated solely on that when the NFL combine starts later this week.
"What I did on the field is what I did on the field," Te'o told the newspaper Monday. "I don't think what I did with this whole situation, I don't understand how it takes away from what I did on the field.
"As far as my stock dropping or rising, that's not up to me. The only thing I have to do is just do well, run fast, just be myself, be quick."
CLOSE USA TODAY Washington bureau chief Susan Page breaks down the resutls of a USA TODAY/Suffolk poll that reveals if they clinch the nominations, Trump and Clinton face challenges in unifying their divided parties. USA TODAY
David Paleologos, director of the Suffolk University Political Research Center in Boston. (Photo: Suffolk University)
As both the Democratic and Republican national committees scramble to prepare for their summer conventions, a Suffolk University/USA TODAY poll released this afternoon shows that the Republican Party faces critical challenges, especially if Donald Trump loses the GOP nomination.
The clashing philosophies are less about tax plans, the Islamic State or building a wall, and more about the convention nominating process itself. Trump (45%) led Ted Cruz (29%) and John Kasich (17%) among GOP primary and caucus voters, with 8% undecided, according to the poll. Trump's loyal followers are collectively thumbing their noses at the D.C. establishment and party politics, which makes the job of Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus all the more onerous.
When Trump voters were asked whether a Trump convention loss would be fair and square or due to an unfairly stacked system, they said the process is unfairly stacked by a 36-point margin: 56% to 20%. A majority of Cruz voters would accept their candidate's loss (21% unfairly stacked — 58% fair and square). Furthermore, 70% of Trump voters say that the candidate with the clear lead — even if not a majority — should be the Republican convention nominee, compared with 25% of Cruz and Kasich GOP primary/caucus voters who took that position. This poll finding sets up today's Cruz-Kasich alliance to stop Trump at the convention.
Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich take part in the March 10, 2016, debate in Coral Gables, Fla. (Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
Although these Trump voters are a small subset of the larger poll and carry a higher margin of error, they are saying that if Trump loses the nomination in Cleveland and opts for an independent run, they would follow and vote for him (56%-28%). The bad blood isn't contained with just Trump voters. If you combine Trump, Cruz, and Kasich voters, only 60% say that they will vote for the Republican nominee if their candidate doesn't win the nomination. The remaining 40% say they will either vote for the Democratic nominee, seriously consider an independent candidate, stay home and not vote in November, or weren't sure. Mass defection.
In a matter of weeks, Priebus has to figure out how to prevent an embarrassing general election visual like a convention walkout or worse, a riot.
About the only thing Trump, Cruz and Kasich voters agree on, according to the poll, is that the eventual GOP nominee should be someone who ran for the nomination this time around. A clear majority of all three groups of voters agree on that. Apparently, so does House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders take part in a CNN-sponsored debate in Brooklyn on April 14, 2016. (Photo: Edward M. Pio Roda, CNN/Handout)
Democratic primary and caucus voters are also split, with Hillary Clinton leading Bernie Sanders 50% to 45% nationally thanks to stronger majorities among minority and older voters. Fifty-two percent of Clinton voters said that Sanders should withdraw if she were to clinch the nomination, while 39% said he should not. Most Sanders voters (71%) said their candidate should continue to the Democratic National Convention no matter what, while 21% said he should not.
In a reverse image of the division on the Republican side, Clinton voters, by a tally of 51% to 24%, said that if she loses the nomination it would be fair and square whereas Sanders voters said that if he loses, it would be because the system was unfairly stacked against him (28% “fair and square” versus 53% “unfairly stacked against him”). The loyalty factor on the Democratic side is somewhat better than the 60% figure on the Republican side. When you combine Clinton and Sanders voters, 69% say that if their candidate were to lose the nomination they would still vote for the Democrat, while the remaining 31% will either vote Republican, independent, stay home in November, or weren't sure.
Despite their personal preference, 8% of Clinton voters believe that Donald Trump can defeat Clinton in the general election, but a considerable 33% of Sanders voters believe Trump could beat Clinton. This poll perception is already etched in the minds of a third of Sanders voters. And it's an issue that Democratic National Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz has to be mindful of when coordinating the logistics in Philadelphia.
And speaking of the general election, there is the possibility of outright defections to the opposing party based on what voters say they would do right now if they had to choose. The poll tells us that 7% of Trump voters would support Hillary Clinton over Ted Cruz if he were the nominee. And 16% of Trump voters would select Bernie Sanders over Cruz.
Don't laugh — 13% of Sanders voters say they will vote for Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton. If Trump were to lose the nomination, 19% of Sanders voters would choose Cruz over Clinton; and if John Kasich were the nominee, 23% of Sanders voters would vote for the Ohio governor over the former secretary of State.
David Paleologos is director of the Suffolk University Political Research Center in Boston.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/26p6zhK
Buick Cascada Priced at $33,990 Well-equipped convertible offers high levels of standard content, technology
Back
DETROIT – The top-down driving experience of the 2016 Cascada – Buick's first convertible offered in the United States in 25 years – is priced at $33,990.
When it goes on sale early next year, the Cascada will offer more standard content, a more powerful standard engine and a lower starting price than the Audi A3 Cabriolet.
“Cascada expands Buick's lineup with a uniquely fun and personal driving experience,” said Duncan Aldred, vice president of Buick. “With a lower price than key competitors, it also promises to shake up the segment – and look good doing it.”
The 2016 Cascada – designed from the ground up as a convertible – comes well-equipped in a 2+2 configuration, with room for four adults. Performance is rooted in a 200-horsepower (149 kW) turbo engine, backed by a six-speed automatic transmission, with Buick's sophisticated HiPer Strut front suspension and a Watts Z-link rear suspension standard.
Additional standard features:
Acoustically and thermally insulated electro-hydraulic power roof that lowers in only 17 seconds at speeds up to 31 mph
High-intensity discharge, articulating headlamps and front LED daytime running lamps; and LED taillamps
Automated, spring-loaded and pyrotechnically activated rollover bars behind the rear seat that are linked to the airbag system
IntelliLink system with 7-inch-diagonal color touchscreen
Navigation radio and seven-speaker premium audio system
Rear Vision camera
Remote start
Dual-zone climate control
Front and rear 12-volt power outlets
Heat-reflective leather-appointed seating
Heated front seats with eight-way power adjustments
Heated, leather-wrapped three-spoke steering wheel
Twenty-inch aluminum wheels with bi-color finish
Electric power steering
Rear Park Assist
A Cascada Premium model, priced at $36,990, adds:
Forward Collision Alert
Lane Departure Warning
Automatic headlamp control with tunnel detection
Front and Rear Park Assist
Rainsense automatic windshield wipers
Twenty-inch wheels with “diamond graphic” bi-color finish
Front and rear air deflectors.
The Cascada also offers plenty of storage space, including 13.4 cubic feet of cargo room with the top up and 9.8 cubic feet with the top down, as well as a 22.4-inch x 12.6-inch (320 mm x 570 mm) pass-through from the trunk to the passenger compartment. When the 50/50-split rear seat is folded, longer items such as skis and wakeboards can be stowed inside.
Editors' note: Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price includes destination freight charge but excludes tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Excludes other General Motors vehicles.
Convertibles compared
2016 Buick Cascada 2016 Audi A3 Cabriolet Starting price $33,990 (incl. DFC) $37,525 (incl. DFC) Standard engine 1.6L Turbo – 200 HP 1.8L Turbo – 170 HP Standard transmission six-speed automatic six-speed automatic (dual-clutch) Standard wheels 20-inch aluminum 17-inch aluminum Front suspension HiPer Strut MacPherson strut Rear suspension compound crank with Z-link four-link Convertible top lowers up to 31 mph lowers up to 31 mph Leather seating standard standard Heated front seats standard available Seat adjusters eight-way power eight-way manual with four-way power lumbar Heated steering wheel standard not available Dual-zone climate control standard standard Rear-view camera system standard standard IntelliLink infotainment standard not available Navigation radio system standard available Forward Collision Alert available not available Lane Departure Warning available not available Front and Rear Park Assist available standard
Buick is an international modern luxury brand offering vehicles with sculpted designs, luxurious interiors and thoughtful personal technologies, along with responsive-yet-efficient performance. Buick is attracting new customers with its portfolio of award-winning luxury models in North America and China. Learn more about Buick cars and crossovers at www.buick.com, on Twitter @buick, on Instagram, on Pinterest or at www.facebook.com/buick.
# # #
Roxbury's Dudley Dough — the pizza restaurant arm of the Haley House nonprofit organization — will close at the end of this year, according to a post on Boston Restaurant Talk and confirmed by the Boston Globe. Dudley Dough's mission has been to offer its employees fair wages while training them for the job market.
In a public statement, Haley House executive director Bing Broderick wrote:
While much good has come from Dudley Dough, sales have not met expectations. Our very compelling and aspirational vision for a fair-wage pizza shop was vital and appreciated, but after two years of operation, it is still far from breakeven, which is necessary for its success (to be able to elevate staff wages further, which is a central tenet of the mission). Our board determined that Haley House could not continue to subsidize it — to remain open would involve jeopardizing Haley House for the future. Last month, based on close business analysis of operations and trends, our board made the very difficult decision to close Dudley Dough by the end of the year.
Dudley Dough has been an integral part of the Roxbury community since opening its doors in 2015 — it's provided workers with fair-wage jobs and has also been the site of local math tutoring program Pie R Squared. Every weekday but Friday, the pizzeria provides students involved in the program with free pizza.
Pie R Squared's director Beth Seger told the Globe that despite Dudley Dough's imminent closure, the program will continue to operate out of the lobby of the Bolling Building.
Update, 12:30 p.m.: Broderick sent Eater an additional comment via email regarding employment prospects for Dudley Dough employees:
I have been meeting one-on-one with every staff member to discuss their goals and interests for employment. Three of the staff have already lined up plans for future employment. I have not asked them the pay rates of their next placement, but they seem like good opportunities. Some staffs are interested in pursuing trades, etc, so each case is handled individually.
• Dudley Dough in Roxbury Is Closing [BRT]
• Dudley Dough, a Fair-Wage Pizza Shop, to Close Its Doors [BG]
In a memo to lawmakers today the DEA considers rescheduling cannabis by July of this year. The memo goes on to say that the agency hopes to make its decision “in the first half of 2016.”
If the DEA considers rescheduling cannabis it could dramatically change how law enforcement agencies deal with the drug.
Marijuana is currently a Schedule I substance. The DEA defines that category as “drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse. Schedule I drug are the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules.”
Because of this, Schedule I drug are the most strictly regulated. They also tend to carry the most severe criminal punishments.
Critics of the U.S.'s marijuana laws have long pointed to the need to reschedule cannabis to a different category. Those in favor of this position point to the growing number of scientific studies demonstrating the potential medical benefits of marijuana.
Many have also argued that marijuana is significantly less dangerous than other legal drugs, especially highly addictive prescription painkillers.
Some health experts and lawmakers have said that the nation is currently in a prescription painkiller epidemic.
More than 165,000 people in the U.S. have died from opioid painkiller overdoses. Meanwhile, zero people have died from marijuana overdoses.
In fact, it's basically impossible to overdose on cannabis. Experts have calculated that a person would need to smoke nearly 1,500 pounds of marijuana in 15 minutes to overdose.
On top of everything else, those who think it would be a good idea if the DEA considers rescheduling cannabis have pointed out that marijuana laws disproportionately affect people of color.
The new memo also describes the process researchers must go through to legally obtain marijuana for research purposes.
Currently, the U.S. government runs a cannabis farm housed at the University of Mississippi. According to the memo, the cannabis grown on the farm is used in federally approved marijuana research projects. But only an average of nine researchers per year are granted access to the cannabis produced on the government's farm.
If the DEA does reschedule cannabis, it could change the landscape of marijuana research as well.
The most recent petition calling for the DEA to consider rescheduling cannabis was started back in 2011 by former state governors Christine Gregoire and Lincoln Chafee.
Since that time, no official changes have been made. But cannabis advocates are hopeful that if the DEA considers rescheduling cannabis to be an important enough priority, it could be the first step toward more open marijuana laws.
(Photo Credit: Cannabis Culture)
Is Josie a pillow fucker is a hot film, part of our Great Tits XXX category on Vporn.
You would also find this xxx movie in the following categories Big Boobs, , posted by kedman before 23mo ago on 2016-09-06 02:32:10. The scene is 09 min 25 sec long.
View Is Josie a pillow fucker online by dint of HTML5 in our adult site.
Also the scene can be downloaded from our site on varied qualities:
320p
480p
This clip is seen from 3914 callers [?comments_count] and [commented/discussed/mentioned] [$_comments_count] times. [As a result/Then/Thereafter/Later on] is [added/recorded] from [$_users_favourite] [users/consumers/visitors/callers/guests] in section favorites and [liked/enjoyed/loved] [$_users_liked] times.
[Others/More] [videos/clips/scenes/movies] from [the same/this/the current/mentioned] category you might [like/see/watch/view]:
[$_random_cat_video]
[$_random_cat_video]
[$_random_cat_video]
You can share this [porn/porno/xxx/sexy/sex/free sex/free porn/free porno/free xxx/adult/hot sexy] [video/movie/clip/film/scene] on [Facebook, Google+, Twitter/Facebook, Twitter, Google+/Google+, Facebook, Twitter/Google+, Twitter, Facebook/Twitter, Facebook, Google+/Twitter, Google+, Facebook] or embed it on your [own site/web site/site/porn site/porn blog/website/adult site/xxx site].
In case you like [$_title] you can [write your comment/leave a comment/leave a reply/write a comment] bellow.
President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi have coffee and tea in the gardens of the Hyderabad House in New Delhi, India. | AP Photo India's Prime Minister Modi joins Obama in climate deal push
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi pledged on Tuesday to try to ratify the Paris climate change pact this year, a big boost for President Barack Obama's effort to bring the agreement into effect before he leaves office.
The deal struck in Paris in December requires countries to take action to reduce the greenhouse gases that warm the planet, but Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has vowed to "cancel" the agreement if he is elected.
Story Continued Below
Modi's promise to work with his Cabinet to green light the climate agreement greatly increases the likelihood that the deal will reach the threshold required to enter into force this year, which would make it more difficult for a future U.S. administration to formally renege on its participation.
In a statement issued following a meeting between Modi and Obama at the White House, the U.S. underscored its promise to formally ratify the agreement "as soon as possible this year." India echoed that commitment, saying it "similarly has begun its processes to work toward this shared objective."
While the language gives India some wiggle room to delay ratification, it is the clearest indication so far that India, the planet's third-largest greenhouse gas emitter, backs the global push for the deal to take effect quickly.
The agreement includes provisions that make it difficult for the United States to immediately pull out of the deal after it goes into effect. But those measures likely wouldn't stop Trump from ignoring the agreement altogether and trying to unravel Obama's climate regulations, which form the basis of the United States' pledge to cut emissions 26 percent to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
Hillary Clinton, for her part, has said she would continue implementing the agreement.
The Paris agreement will enter into force 30 days after 55 countries representing 55 percent of global emissions formally join or ratify it. So far, about three dozen countries making up about half of the planet's emissions have pledged to ratify the deal this year, and India's participation would push the deal well over the 55 percent threshold.
”I think we are better-positioned than we ever have been to reach the goal of 55 percent of emissions and 55 countries by the end of this year, and I think this statement should provide significant additional momentum toward this global push,” Brian Deese, a senior energy and climate adviser to Obama, told reporters.
India and the United States signed the climate deal along with more than 170 other countries at a high-profile ceremony in New York City earlier this year. Joining or ratifying the agreement is a separate procedural step under United Nations rules. Obama can join the agreement on behalf of the United States without congressional approval. Modi needs approval from his Cabinet to ratify the deal.
Tuesday's U.S.-India statement also charts a path toward securing an amendment to the Montreal Protocol this year that would phase down hydrofluorocarbons, a potent greenhouse gas used in air conditioners and refrigerators. The new amendment to cut HFCs would help countries reach their broad goal of limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels., since experts believe a rapid phase down of HFCs could prevent a half a degree or more of warming.
The statement says India and the United States will work to adopt an HFC amendment this year that includes increased financial support to help developing countries — a key priority for India. And it endorses an “ambitious phasedown schedule.”
In addition, the statement said the U.S. Export-Import Bank will work with India “toward a competitive financing package” for Westinghouse's plan to build six nuclear reactors in India. The two countries also announced a $20 million U.S.-India Clean Energy Finance initiative, which aims to mobilize $400 million in investment to provide renewable and low-carbon electricity to 1 million homes by 2020; and a $40 million U.S.-India Catalytic Solar Finance Program, which aims to mobilize up to $1 billion in investment in solar energy.
Biogen Idec Inc. has priced its newly approved hemophilia B drug Alprolix at a level that puts it at cost parity with drugs already on the US market to control and prevent bleeding, a representative of the Cambridge drugmaker said Friday.
The “wholesale acquisition cost” of Alprolix — an estimate of the price paid by bulk purchasers — is $2.85 per international unit. While the cost is higher than the $1.19 charged by rival Pfizer Inc. for the leading competing drug, Benefix, hemophilia B patients only have to take the long-acting Biogen Idec drug once every week to 10 days compared to three or four times a week for the Pfizer drug.
“We wanted to establish parity with existing therapies,” said Biogen Idec spokeswoman Kate Niazi-Sai. “We didn't want to increase the overall cost to the system. When we looked at the value of the drug, we wanted to balance accessibility for patients with sustainability for payers.”
Advertisement
Niazi-Sai said Biogen Idec could not project the annual cost of Alprolix for a patient because the dosage and regimen vary widely among hemophilia B patients depending on their weight, age, and the severity of their disease. Unlike many other drugs that list annual costs, hemophilia drugs use price per international unit as their standard cost measure, she said.
Robert Weisman
Robert Weisman can be reached at robert.weisman@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @GlobeRobW
In late October of 2016 a large-scale cyberattack consisting of multiple denial of service attacks targeted a well-known DNS provider. The attack, consisting of a flood of DNS lookups from tens of millions of IP addresses, made many Internet sites and services unavailable to users in North America and Europe. This Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack was believed to have been executed using a botnet consisting of a multitude of Internet-connected devices such as printers, camera, residential network gateways, and even baby monitors. These devices had been infected with the Mirai malware and generated several hundreds of gigabytes of traffic per second. Many corporate and educational networks simply do not have the capacity to absorb a volumetric attack of this size.
In the wake of this attack and others that have preceded it, our customers have been asking us for recommendations and best practices that will allow them to build systems that are more resilient to various types of DDoS attacks. The short-form answer involves a combination of scale, fault tolerance, and mitigation (the AWS Best Practices for DDoS Resiliency white paper, linked below, goes in to far more detail) and makes use of Amazon Route 53 and AWS Shield (read AWS Shield – Protect Your Applications from DDoS Attacks to learn more).
Scale – Route 53 is hosted at numerous AWS edge locations, creating a global surface area capable of absorbing large amounts of DNS traffic. Other edge-based services, including Amazon CloudFront and AWS WAF, also have a global surface area and are also able to handle large amounts of traffic.
Fault Tolerance – Each edge location has many connections to the Internet. This allows for diverse paths and helps to isolate and contain faults. Route 53 also uses shuffle sharding and anycast striping to increase availability. With shuffle sharding, each name server in your delegation set corresponds to a unique set of edge locations. This arrangement increases fault tolerance and minimizes overlap between AWS customers. If one name server in the delegation set is not available, the client system or application will simply retry and receive a response from a name server at a different edge location. Anycast striping is used to direct DNS requests to an optimal location. This has the effect of spreading load and reducing DNS latency.
Mitigation – AWS Shield Standard protects you from 96% of today's most common attacks. This includes SYN/ACK floods, Reflection attacks, and HTTP slow reads. As I noted in my post above, this protection is applied automatically and transparently to your Elastic Load Balancers, CloudFront distributions, and Route 53 resources at no extra cost. Protection (including deterministic packet filtering and priority based traffic shaping) is deployed to all AWS edge locations and inspects all traffic with just microseconds of overhead, all in a totally transparent fashion. AWS Shield Advanced includes additional DDoS mitigation capability, 24×7 access to our DDoS Response Team, real time metrics and reports, and DDoS cost protection.
To learn more, read the DDoS Resiliency white paper and learn about Route 53 anycast.
— Jeff;
A spoonful of sugar won't help this medicine go down: the WHO issued new guidelines Wednesday saying only 5% of a person's total daily calories should come from sugar, half of what the organization previously recommended.
WHO experts said that dropping recommended daily sugar amount to 5% would help fight cavities and obesity, but admits that it's a tough goal to meet. “We should aim for 5 percent if we can,” WHO nutrition direction Dr. Francesco Brana said in a news conference Wednesday, “but 10 percent is more realistic.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Americans and other Westerners would have to cut out two-thirds of their total sugar intake to meet the new WHO guidelines, the Associated Press reports. The last time the WHO revised its sugar guidelines was 10 years ago, when it recommended that no more than 10 percent of daily calories come from sugar.
Doctors have applauded the WHO's new recommendations, saying that sugar intake directly leads to obesity and tooth decay. Dr. Robert Lustig, a professor of pediatrics at the University of California and author of a book about sugar, said that the WHO's recommendation will be healthy for everyone. “The less sugar you're eating, the better.”
[AP]
Write to Charlotte Alter at charlotte.alter@time.com.
Sticking to their 100-day plan, the new government has removed fees for first-year tertiary students. The fees-free policy has generated a lot of excitement. But how well will this policy perform? This article examines the fees-free policy and outlines how the policy misses the mark in increasing access to tertiary education.
Free tertiary education rolling out to new students
From 1 January 2018, the first year of tertiary education will be free for most new tertiary students. Additionally, student allowances and living costs will increase by $50 per week. Minister of Education Chris Hipkins claims 80,000 people will be eligible for free study as of next year. You can check if you are eligible here .
The fees-free policy is available for people who will be attending a government recognised tertiary education organisation (TEO). It includes universities, institutes of technology and polytechnics (ITPs), Wānanga, private training establishments (PTEs), and industry training organisations (ITOs) [1] .
The government intends to increase funding to cover the first two years of study in 2021, and extend this again to three years by 2024.
Affordability is at the heart of the fees-free policy
The government is committed to improving both the affordability and access of the tertiary education sector. Increased education levels carry many positive externalities (benefits beyond the individual). The fees-free policy intends to target not only those who would have otherwise attended tertiary education but also those who wouldn't have, because of the cost. These individuals include both school leavers and people who are yet to access tertiary education.
Student fees were introduced in 1989 to reflect the benefit that individuals receive from tertiary education, such as higher salaries. The fees-free policy is a departure from this logic of individual benefit, with an effort to make tertiary education more accessible to all. Consequently, the policy aims to lift the skill-base of New Zealand's working-age population. It is hoped that this will improve employment levels, output and productivity.
Although affordability is the heart of the policy issue, the policy itself is not. The fees-free policy has been budgeted for $2,846 million over the next five years. However, due to the rushed nature of the policy announcement, a final costing has not been given. Treasury commented “It is unusual for Cabinet to be asked to approve a proposal with this level of expenditure without having the final appropriations before them.” Treasury's comment highlights the hasty and uncertain nature of the policy. This leaves many questions on the true cost of the policy to the taxpayer.
Living costs remain a more persistent barrier to access
For students, course fees are not a present concern but instead a future obligation. Currently, the government subsidises over 80% of course fees. The remainder is paid by the student. This small portion can be covered by zero-interest student loans for those that wish. These loans are not required to be paid until the end of the student's study, and only after the graduate earns an income above the threshold level. In essence, course fees are not the problem when determining the affordability of tertiary education – the costs of living are.
There are other, more immediate, costs associated with tertiary education: accommodation expenses and the large opportunity cost of missed work and wages . Removing course fees does not change these costs the student feels while studying.
Most students who previously could not afford tertiary education, are still likely to be unable to meet the costs associated with study (such as rent and food) with fees-free tertiary education. Fortunately, the increase of student allowances and living costs is a step in the right direction for this problem, though not the end-game solution.
Fees-free may create a larger mismatch of skills
For the education sector to be successful, it should provide graduates with skills that will allow them to access a range of employment opportunities. Industry experts believe the fees-free policy may push individuals from ITOs to university . In effect, this push drives students away from qualifications that are needed in the workforce (for example, electricians) towards qualifications without a need for more workers (for example, homeopathy ). There is as equal a need for ITO and other graduates, as those from university, with greater job opportunities expected in non-university qualifications in the future. Consequently, this policy may result in an increased mismatch of skilled labour in many fields – exacerbating the problem of New Zealand's skills shortages instead of fixing it.
The fees-free policy eliminates one of the tertiary education system's key levers for targeting in-demand skills – price. By making courses free, this signalling is removed.
Will this policy improve access?
The new fees-free policy aims to make tertiary education more accessible. By removing the cost pressure of course fees, it is expected that those previously unable to afford tertiary education will be now able to attend. Those eligible for funding extends to both school leavers, and those who have not accessed tertiary education before.
The fees-free policy is, in a very broad sense, similar to the 20 Hours early childhood education (ECE) policy introduced in 2007. In attempts to improve access to ECE, particularly for Māori and Pasifika, the government provided 20 hours free ECE access every week. Although 20 Hours ECE was successful in increasing overall ECE participation, it was unable to effectively equalize the level of access for the priority groups of Māori and Pasifika families.
Although at the other end of the education spectrum, the fees-free tertiary policy has similar goals to 20 Hours ECE. The fees-free policy has budgeted for a 3% increase in student numbers. However, it is questionable as to whether it will be the disadvantaged individuals that receive increased access to the tertiary education sector. Often, problems of accessibility begin before students progress to tertiary education.
Ideally, all students should be prepared and able to access tertiary education. Further investment in secondary education is required before expecting tertiary education to truly be accessible to all.
Fees-free falls short of the stated goal
Despite noble intentions, the fees-free policy misses the mark. Unfortunately, due to the large and uncertain budget of the policy, this is a rather expensive mistake to make.
The fees-free policy attempts to improve both the affordability and access to the tertiary education sector. Those who wish to undertake tertiary study should not be hindered by their socio-economic background. Yet in focusing only on broad-based fees funding, the new government's policy fails to address these concerns of disadvantage. Though the policy does begin to address affordability of tertiary study, more is needed to allow all New Zealanders greater access to tertiary education. At the same time, New Zealand needs to become better at addressing the supply of skilled workers in sectors under pressure.
Further understanding and addressing mismatched skills and costs of living would be an ambitious, yet logical, place to examine next.
[1] Industry Trainees are covered for two years of fees-free study from 1 January 2018.
(Larry Downing/Reuters)
(Larry Downing/Reuters)
In an interview with TIME Magazine's Mark Halperin, Romney said, “I know that the Democrats will try and make this a campaign about Bain Capital…. 25 million people are out of work because of Barack Obama. And so I'll compare my experience in the private sector where, net-net, we created over 100,000 jobs.” “I'll compare that record with his record, where he has not created any new jobs.”
Santa's naughtier elves dumped this down our chimney this morning: Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney vs. Mark Halperin
Sigh. All right, for expediency, here's Steve Benen:
This detachment from reality fascinates me, so let's unwrap the argument. First, the confused former governor believes 25 million people are out of work “because of Barack Obama.” If Romney can explain why Obama is to blame for a recession that began in 2007, I'd love to hear it. [...] Second, Romney now claims to have created “over 100,000 jobs” at his vulture-capitalist firm. [... W]hen Romney's Super PAC ran an ad claiming he “helped create thousands of jobs” as CEO at Bain, Super PAC officials were asked to back that up with evidence. They refused. Third, it's remarkable that Romney is only willing to compare his “experience in the private sector.” What about when Romney was willing to put his experience to work in the public sector, during his one term as governor of Massachusetts? Romney doesn't want to talk about it for a reason — his state's record on job creation was “one of the worst in the country,” ranking 47th out of 50 states in job growth. It's one of the reasons Romney left office after one term deeply unpopular, and why his former constituents don't want him near the White House. And fourth, Obama “has not created any new jobs”? The ease with which Romney lies continues to be disconcerting.
The amount of nonsensical bluster Mitt Romney can pack into a few tight sentences is really quite impressive. No, he was not called out on any of this by Mark Halperin, because TIME Magazine is not really into the whole "pointing out bullshit" part of journalism. I'm not terribly surprised by that, but I am surprised that the steadfastly dull, have-no-opinions, make-no-waves Romney can, when switching out of his trademark milquetoast primary performances and into talking about the other party, can and does flat-out lie with the best of him. He's no firebrand, true, but his bullshit-to-words ratio is, up there, easily the match of Bachmann's crazy alternate-reality theories or Gingrich's notion that being a oft-self-described expert on history gives him license to alter actual history in whatever manner he sees fit. No, Romney is easily their match, when it comes to lying outright.
I suppose we could mutter about fact checkers here—if you're going to give out a Lie of the Year, that tight little ball of baldfaced fibbing up there really sums up the perniciousness of organized lying in politics, intentional lies repeated over and over as a propaganda technique—or gripe about TIME or Halperin directly, since having a possible leader of the free world casually lean over and drop bullshit upon you like he doesn't have the slightest care over whether or not you call him on it.
But I'm mostly impressed that even the dull-as-dishwater Romney has learned, and learned to exploit, the single greatest lesson of modern politics. Lie, lie often, and lie spectacularly about stuff: Even if you are, by some remote chance, called out on it, the overall effect will still be to plant the idea solidly in the minds of the duller members of the public, and that can gain you real votes. The Swift Boat Vets nonsense was really the textbook-worthy episode of this: I remember Nightline devoting an entire show to the accusations, and showing them to be without any real-world merit at all, but even serious frowny-faced journalism efforts did nothing to stop politicians and partisans alike from suckling at the teat of that sweet, sweet conspiracy theory. What's true or false doesn't matter: All that matters is the framing.
So now we're facing a campaign season in which Barack Obama is going to be blamed ad infinitum for an economic collapse and a guns-blazing recession that started long before he ever set foot in the White House, and a great deal of very, very stupid people will actually believe it (the events of a few years ago might as well be apocryphal, they are so distant: Who's to say we didn't just dream everything in human history that happened before, say, March of last year?), and it will be propped up as a serious, not-at-all-insulting, not-at-all-batshit-insane thing to say by none other than the Halperins and TIME magazines in the world. Objectivity demands the ability to rewrite history however a candidate damn well likes, after all. Journalism!
This is going to be a very long season. I must confess I am, however, a little heartened to see that Mitt Romney will be bringing nothing unusual to the party, if his party does indeed decide to simply give up and nominate Mr. Wishy-Washy. The standard Republican game plan will apply, which is to come up with lies so big, and so ridiculous, that it won't even matter if a few Real Journalists call them out on it.
This has become my favourite technical book. It codifies many of the lessons learned the hard way through experience in Internet site operations, but which are not written down anywhere else. It's like a book that fell through a time warp from 10 years in the future. The best bit is that I know for a fact that everything in it is true, because my time at Google permitted me to see these lessons being learned the hard way (that is, through outages, post-mortem analyses, and war stories).? — Adrian Colley
The first part is the best treatment I've seen of several crucial architecture and design patterns for large-scale systems (Cloud or otherwise). The second part is a useful survey of best practices in modern operations, including devops. I doubt this book (or any other single book!) will be enough to make great architecture and best practices “magically happen” in your own organization, but this is certainly excellent material to motivate you to *be* that change, convince others, and start on the path of improvement that eventually leads you there. — Alex Martelli, manager at Google
I think anyone claiming to be a System Administrator today should be conversant with what's here, but I think the bigger impact will come when we pass it to a colleague, whether a developer or a manager. There's a lot of confusion around what Cloud Computing means, and TPOCSA gives us a common base on which to build our systems and our processes. — Mark Lamourine, Usenix Login Book Review
Impressive breadth of material for anyone working with modern distributed systems. This book is well-written, easy to follow, and bursting with relevant information about distributed computing. — Richard L. Seroter
There's an incredible amount of depth and thinking in the practices described here, and it's impressive to see it all in one place. — Win Treese, co-author of Designing Systems for Internet Commerce
The security chief of Massey Energy's Upper Big Branch mine was arrested Monday and charged with obstructing the investigation into last year's explosion that killed 29 miners, the first criminal charges stemming from the worst U.S. mining disaster in 40 years.
Hughie Elbert Stover, who also headed security at two other Massey operations, was indicted last week by a federal grand jury in West Virginia on charges of lying to the FBI and trying to dispose of key documents. The indictment was unsealed Monday.
Stover provided personal security for former Massey chief executive Don L. Blankenship, who retired in December, according to sources familiar with the federal and state investigations into the mine accident. "He was very very close to Blankenship,'' said one source, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the probe is continuing. "He would drive Blankenship places. He called him 'Mr. B.'â''
The indictment offers no insight into the cause of the April 5 blast at the Montcoal, W.Va., mine, which is owned by Richmond-based Massey. But experts said the charges suggest that the Justice Department is exploring possible criminal liability. Massey had been cited for numerous safety violations before the explosion.
"They are being thorough and they are being comprehensive,'' said Davitt McAteer, chair of an independent West Virginia state commission that also is probing the disaster. McAteer is a former head of the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration.
It is unclear whether an attorney for Stover has been named. Stover has not entered a plea; he is scheduled to appear in federal court March 15.
Shane Harvey, general counsel for Massey Energy, said the company notified the Justice Department "within hours" of learning that documents sought by investigators had been disposed of and took steps to recover the papers and turn them over to the government.
"The Company takes this matter very seriously and is committed to cooperating with the U.S. Attorney's office,'' Harvey said in a statement.
Sources familiar with the Justice Department's criminal investigation described it as expansive. They said it was focused on the explosion, whether safety procedures designed to prevent the blast were followed and whether any documents were destroyed to cover up the cause.
Investigators reportedly have run into several obstacles. About 270 people have been interviewed, but about 15 others - including Blankenship, Massey's head of safety and the foreman of the Upper Big Branch mine - have declined to speak to investigators, sources said.
Even if the FBI finds evidence of criminal wrongdoing beyond obstructing justice, it might be difficult to bring a substantial case, mine safety experts said.
"If you had a superintendent instructing someone, 'We don't have time to fix that unsafe condition or clean up all this coal dust, let it go until next week,'' that's not a felony'' under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, said Tony Oppegard, a lawyer and former top Mine Safety and Health Administration official.
Sources familiar with the investigation said prosecutors will likely seek Stover's cooperation in the inquiry and question him about his ties to Blankenship.
A Massey spokesman declined to comment beyond the company's statement.
Stover, 60, was arrested on Monday at his home in Clear Fork, W.Va., on charges of obstruction of justice and making false statements. He works for Performance Coal Co., a Massey subsidiary that operates the Upper Big Branch mine.
The indictment charges that Stover lied to an FBI agent and an investigator for the mine safety administration who were probing allegations that security guards at Upper Big Branch routinely notified mine workers when federal inspectors had arrived at the facility. Such notification could prevent inspectors from fully evaluating the mine's operations.
Stover, the indictment said, denied that such a practice existed and told agents that he would have fired any security guard who provided such advance notice. In reality, the indictment says, Stover personally instructed security guards to notify mine personnel whenever federal inspectors arrived at the mine.
The indictment also charges Stover with attempting to impede the federal investigation by directing someone, whose identity was not revealed, to dispose of thousands of pages of documents stored in a Massey building near the mine. The documents, which had been discarded, included information about earlier federal inspections, according to the indictment.
What is so terrifying about clowns? Why do they seem to pop up everywhere sometimes? We are experiencing a supposed “clown scare” — which may or may not be a media invention to the extent past clown scares were. As ridiculous as how quickly this has become a national news story, it isn't unprecedented. There have been past clown scares.
…in Brookline, Massachusetts on May 5, two clowns using candy as lures tried to entice children into their black van parked near Lawrence Elementary School. According to Loren Coleman in Mysterious America, police had a good description of the vehicle: it was an old model with ladders on the side, a broken front headlight and was missing its hubcaps. The following day the Boston police, “responding to persistent complaints, warned that men in clown suits were harassing elementary children.” One, driving a black van, was seen to be dressed as a clown only from the waist up; from the waist down he was naked.
“By May 8th,” writes Coleman, “reports of clown men in vans harassing children had come in from East Boston, Charlestown, Cambridge, Canton, Randolph, and other cities near Boston…. 50 miles south, in Providence, RI, reports of clown men disturbring children were coming to the attention of psychiatric social workers counseling the city's youth. — Rigorous Intuition
Before you dismiss this recent phenomenon as blind hysteria — or groups such as 4chan or ICP taking the narrative and passing it back to the press — consider just some of the mythic origins. Why are clowns reoccurring motifs in modern as well as ancient culture? What button do clowns push in our heads? What is it that we project upon their masks?
Campbell doing his wise grandpa schtick.
Clowns were an intrinsic part of many Native American pantheons, not to mention cosmologies. In fact, the fool or man in motley is considered a central or pre-figuratively divine member of many pantheons the world over. Only the stolidness of monotheism could destroy such a wide-reaching, trans-cultural element.
A masked appearance is noteworthy to the observers because it contrasts with normal appearances. Just this extraordinary aspect of the experience signals that it is symbolic… It is in their genius for portraying the most extraordinary that clowns find their role, and therefor we can see them as masters of religious symbolism. … Throughout much of the 19th and 20th centuries, Native American clowning was reported by outsiders in descriptions that scarcely hid the observers' disapproval of the actions they witnessed. Their use of Latin or English euphemisms to describe the explicit sexual and physical antics of the clowns doubtless reveals as much about their own religious and cultural values as about the Native Americans— Native American Religions, Sam D. Gill.
From Gonzomentary
This is yet another function of the clown, to serve as a mirror, and to point out what cannot otherwise be shown to the authority who might otherwise grow to central and strong. In this way it is actually a powerful symbol designed to keep one-sided autocracy from fomenting. They are agents of chaos as well as joy.
This actually seems so embedded in what a clown is that it needn't be intentional, and ties into the more sinister element of what clowns can symbolize. Consider the “Day The Clown Cried,” which recently leaked, even this misguided attempt failed not just because of tastelessness, but because that otherworldly creepiness seeped through.
If you're not familiar with it,
The Day the Clown Cried is an unreleased 1972 film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis. The film was met with controversy regarding its premise and content, which features a circus clown who is imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp. The Day the Clown Cried has become somewhat infamous among film historians and movie buffs as a film that has never officially been released. (See above for recently leaked scenes.)
What an ill-conceived notion! And yet, how perfectly clown-ish.
There is of course an even more overtly malignant side to the clown, which goes far beyond Stephen King's IT, which derives from the perfectly amoral, transgressive spaces that these symbols can bring us in touch with,
Even for outsiders, clown antics are outrageously funny so long as they can be observed at a comfortable distance. … In the matter of this delicate dividing line between humor and fear, clowns are also masters. To be only threatening would greatly limit the impact of clowning, eliminating the subtleties of the humor. Yet to eliminate the element of the fear altogether would be to truncate the symbolic significance of clowning; it would then be mere acting. — Native America Religions, Sam D. Gill.
Although it will soon become clear what the material reasons for the present clown scare are — and the psychoanalyzing will carry on long after that — both of these are informed by symbols which are very much relevant to the psyche, and yet do not originate within it. Clowns are a trope that's spread across way too many cultures and myths to be incidental, psychologically, with many contradictory histories and origins, because it is one of those reoccuring motifs. The clown as liminal figure especially in ethical terms. That's why they are innately whimsical and sinister at the same time. Yet they also defy that definition, as this little bit of creepypasta demonstrates,
It's so boring of you to make this about politics, when you could just as well blame rising global temperatures giving us a glut of worms to feed on, or astral alignments poking pores in the fabric of your universe. Why clowns? Why now? Isn't a big sad-faced clown about to reach out for the Presidency? Aren't you all afraid, safer than you've ever been in your homes surrounded by three lines of cops with military-grade weapons, but terrified of the refugees, of the terrorists, of the criminals, of whatever it is that's lurking in the dark by the edge of the woods? It's even worse when you psychologise. The horror of the clown is the sad man behind the painted smile, that desperate need, going back to old Grimaldi, for the unhappiest ones to make other people laugh. Learn the truth: we are not unhappy. There is nothing behind our masks. — Creepy Clown Manifesto
Real-life versions of clowns turned sinister are not always funny, as the examples of John Wayne Gacy or Wearie Willie's grandson shows, despite recent professional clowns organizing “Clown Lives Matter” so people stop hating on them.
Don't worry, clowny clowns. Creepiness and inscrutability are both part of the appeal.
Revised 08/12 5:12pm: Fixed translation on introduction, 1-2, 1-3, 2-7 and ending
Hello, this is GM Lucina. ' _ ' *
안녕하세요, GM루키나입니다. ‘ _ ‘ *
Many players have shown strong interests and expectations through comments on the '[Dev Note] Destroyed Gateway to God's Realm'!!
To return the favor, I have prepared some close coverage on the new raid [Destroyed Gateway to God's Realm] in ‘Lucina's I Want to Know' today ^ ^ !
많은 수호자님들께서 [개발자노트] 파괴된 신계의 관문 덧글로 큰 관심과 기대를 보여주셨습니다!!
수호자 여러분의 관심에 보답하고자, 오늘 루키나의 그것이 알고 싶다 에서는
신규 레이드 [파괴된 신계의 관문]에 대해 밀착취재 하는 시간을 갖도록 할텐데요 ^ ^ !
I have met directly with developers, captured work process of the design team, and interviewed them with your questions!
Are you ready~?
직접 기획자, 아트팀 분들을 만나 작업과정도 담고, 궁금하셨던 내용에 대해 인터뷰를 준비했답니다!
지금 바로 확인해볼까요~?
1. Please introduce the ‘giant' monster raid.
1. 거대 몬스터 레이드에 대해 간단한 소개 부탁 드립니다.
'Giant' monster raid is a large-scale (30-man) battle against a never-before-seen monster of great size and strength.
It is the hardest PvE content with difficulty exceeding that of the existing 5-man dungeon and requires close cooperation of all 30 members.
거대 몬스터 레이드는 기존에 본적 없는 수준의 매우 크고 강력한 몬스터를 대규모 인원(30인)으로
공략하는 던전입니다.
이 던전은 기존 5인 최상급 던전을 뛰어넘는 난이도를 지녀 높은 숙련도는 물론 30인의 끈끈한
협력을 필요로 하는 최상위 PVE 컨텐츠입니다.
2. Please explain the raid requirements! (iLvl, number of members, etc)
2. 레이드 참여조건에 대해 설명해주세요!(장비레벨, 인원수 등)
The raid requires an ideal level 65 group of 30 players, and does not enforce a specific iLvl.
However, as it is the hardest PvE content, stronger gear will definitely help,
and skilled and elite members may be needed.
레이드 참여를 위해서는 65레벨 이상의 30인 인원이 필요하며,
별다른 장비 레벨을 요구하지는 않습니다.
다만 최상위 PVE 컨텐츠인 만큼 장비가 강력할수록 도움이 될 것이며,
실력 또한 최정예 멤버를 필요로 할 것입니다.
3. Please explain the raid rewards!
3. 레이드 보상에 대해서 알려주세요!
Gear that does not demand special costs and exceeds VM8 will be introduced.
This gear can be obtained combining VM8 and a key material,
and by doing so the awakening status, enchantment level, dyad niveot bindings, rerollable options, etc, and others which may be of additional cost will be transferred.
특별한 비용을 요구하지 않는 철기장 이상의 성능을 지닌 장비가 등장합니다.
이 장비는 철기장 매혹을 키재료와 조합시켜 얻을 수 있으며
이 때 각성 및 강화 단계, 아티팩트 귀속, 옵션 등 추가로 비용이 들어갈 수 있는 모든 부분이 함께
승계됩니다.
In addition by successfully completing [the raid] you can obtain a stronger brooch with a 5 second longer active ability,
and activating the ability will transform you with a special outer appearance.
Other goods of high value are also prepared throughout [the dungeon].
또한 공략 성공 시 기존 브로치보다 효과 지속 시간이 5초 더 긴 강력한 브로치를 얻을 수 있으며,
이 브로치는 사용 시 특별한 외형으로 변신하게 됩니다.
이 외에도 높은 재화가치를 지닌 보상이 두루 준비되어 있습니다.
4. Is the content part of the guild mission?
4. 길드 임무 할당량에 포함이 되나요?
We did not want to enforce participation as a part of the guild mission and excluded it.
길드 단위의 참여를 강요하고 싶지 않아 길드 임무에서는 제외시켰습니다.
5. As you have claim it to be the hardest content, please give us a comparison with the current hard mode dungeons.
5. 최상위 난이도라고 하셨는데, 현재 운영되고 있는 상위 던전들과 비교해서 난이도를 알려주세요.
The dungeon will be harder than the current hardest dungeon Rakelith's Ruins (hard mode).
Not only are the patterns of another level but it emphasizes/requires the cooperation of many players so it will be appropriate to called it the hardest dungeon thus far.
현재 존재하는 최상위 던전은 라켈리스 5인 상급으로 해당 던전보다 더 높은 난이도의 던전입니다.
패턴 자체 난이도도 높을 뿐만 아니라 다수의 인원의 협력을 요구하므로 현재까지 본적 없는
가장 어려운 최상위 던전으로 자리 매김 할 것입니다.
6. How many (types of) monsters are there?
6. 몬스터의 종류는 몇 가지인가요?
There will be one monster. But the boss will display various battle concepts as there are several stages.
몬스터는 한 종입니다. 다만 해당 몬스터가 여러 단계로 나뉘어 완전히 다른 컨셉의 전투 방식을
취할 것입니다.
7. Please explain the lore regarding the 'gaint' monster raid.
7. 거대 몬스터 레이드의 세계관에 대해 알려주세요.
The progenitor of all dragons Vergoth, who was known to have been killed by the gods in the past, somehow has returned.
Vergoth engulfed with menacing anger barged into the Gateway to God's Realm with power on-par with the gods, and has thus put Arborea in danger once again.
과거 신들에게 살해당한 것으로 알려진 용들의 아버지 베르고스가 어떤 이유에서 인지
살아 돌아왔습니다.
분노의 광기에 휩싸인 베르고스는 신들의 힘에 버금가는 강력한 힘으로 신계의 관문을
쳐들어오게 되고, 이로 인해 다시 한 번 아르보레아가 위기에 직면합니다.
8. What was the main focus emphasized while making this content?
8. 이번 콘텐츠를 만들면서 가장 중점을 두었던 부분은 무엇인가요?
An entirely new content containing a 'giant' monster, 30-man raid, never-before-seen difficulty, etc.
거대한 몬스터, 30인 공격대, 최최상위 난이도 등 이번 컨텐츠는 기존에 없던
완전히 새로운 컨텐츠라고 봐도 무방합니다.
We have seen that when we make new content such as this we tend to focus on the intent of developing while ignoring player needs, and thus result weren't that great.
On this note, though this 'giant' monster raid is a new content we tried to focus on player needs and satisfy them as much as possible.
이러한 새로운 컨텐츠를 제작할 때 기존 수호자님들의 니즈가 무시된 채 기획 의도만 강요되는 경우를
많이 보아왔고 그 결과 역시 좋지 않았던 것으로 기억합니다.
하여 거대 몬스터 레이드는 새로운 컨텐츠이지만 기존 수호자님들의 니즈 역시
최대한 충족하는 것을 가장 중점에 두었습니다.
With consideration to client lag, we have tried to optimize TERA gameplay in various ways, invited guest players of target player-base to verify entertainment, and refined the dungeon patterns and balance via feedback.
항상 테라 플레이 시 우려하시는 클라이언트 랙이 최대한 발생하지 않도록 여러 방면으로
최적화하였고, 타겟 유저인 기존 최상위 수호자 분들을 초청하여 재미를 검증하고,
피드백에 따라 던전의 패턴과 밸런스를 가다듬었습니다.
The developers have answered in detail regarding the new raid 'Destroyed Gateway to God's Realm', ^^
Let's take a look at questions asked by players this time!
(The following questions were comments made by August 8th, 2016 at 10:33am.)
신규 레이드 파괴된 신계의 관문에 대해 개발자분께서 상세하게 답변해주셨는데요,^^
이번에는 수호자님들께서 궁금해 하셨던 점에 대해서도 알아보도록 하겠습니다!
(▼ 아래 질문은 2016년 8월 8일 오전 10:33분까지 등록된 덧글을 토대로 작성하였습니다.)
<Regarding gameplay>
<플레이 관련>
1. Will the dungeon use the skilled/unskilled system like the existing dungeons?
1. 기존 던전과 같이 숙련(5회 클리어)/미숙련 시스템이 적용되나요?
The skilled mark will display after 5 clears like other dungeons, and there will be no benefits for being unskilled.
But, as this dungeon is Weekly Based Content, it will be difficult to be skilled since it will take 5 weeks to get 5 clears.
숙련 표시는 타 던전과 마찬가지로 5회 클리어 시 적용되지만, 미숙련 시의 별도 혜택은 주어지지
않습니다.
단, 이 던전은 주 단위 컨텐츠로서 5회 클리어를 하는 것 자체가 기본적으로 5주 이상이 걸리기
때문에 쉽지 않을 것입니다.
2. Will crystals break upon death?
2. 사망 시 크리스탈 손실이 있나요?
Yes, they will break. We recommend using a Complete Crystalbind prior to challenging [the dungeon].
네, 있습니다. 완전한 크리스탈 보호 주문서를 사용하고 도전하시기를 추천 드립니다.
3. How long do you think it will take for the first raid to complete all [four] stages?
3. 모든 단계 최초 클리어 공격대가 얼마 만에 나올 것으로 예상하시나요?
We predict it will take about 2 weeks but the players tend to exceed our predictions…
Assuming that they will, we could say that it will take about 1 week for maybe 1 raid to clear it all.
약 2주일을 예상하고 제작했지만 항상 저희의 예상을 뛰어넘을 만큼 수호자분들은 뛰어나셔서…
예상을 벗어난다는 차원에서 1주일 정도면 공격대 하나 정도는 나오지 않을까 추측 중입니다.
<Regarding recruitment and entry>
<모집 및 입장 관련>
4. Will there be various difficulties for new and/or casual players to participate?
4. 신규 및 라이트 유저도 참여할 수 있도록 난이도를 설정할 수 있는 시스템은 없는지요?
This content was initially developed targeting TERA's best players and there are no options to adjust its difficulty.
As such manifesting symbolism in a single clear is surely the intention of this content.
We believed that providing the same content with a lower difficulty will only create wishy-washy content unable to satisfy anyone.
이 컨텐츠는 초기부터 테라의 최상위 유저를 타겟으로 제작하였기에 별다른 난이도 조절 장치는
존재하지 않습니다.
그 만큼 클리어 자체가 확실한 상징성을 지닌 의도가 분명한 컨텐츠입니다.
같은 컨텐츠를 난이도만 낮춰서 제공하는 것은 그 누구도 만족시키기 어려운 모호한 컨텐츠를
만드는 것이라 판단하였습니다.
5. Considering that recruiting 30 players will be a difficult task, what are your thoughts? And, will instance matching be available?
5. 30인 이라는 대규모 인원이라 모집이 어려운 점도 있을 것 같은데,
이부분은 어떻게 생각하시고 계신가요? 또, 매칭도 가능한가요?
TERA has been continuously changing towards instance matching. And as dungeon gameplay has become focal party matching has also been systemized for convenience.
Dungeons are like flowers for TERA, as it is its thorns in MMORPGs.
테라는 계속해서 인스턴스화 되어갑니다. 그리고 던전 플레이가 핵심이 되면서 이를 더 쉽게 하기
위하여 파티를 찾는 과정도 시스템화 되어 갑니다.
던전은 테라 PVE의 꽃인 반면 MMORPG로써는 꽃의 가시와도 같습니다.
It may be contradictory to the current state, but we have continued to ask 'is there a way for us to incorporate the fun of dungeon game play and the social aspect together?' and thought that this 'giant' raid dungeon of 30 players may be a starting point to solve this question.
이러한 환경에서 모순된 가치일지 모르지만 ‘던전의 재미를 그대로 계승하면서 사람과의 교류도
충분히 느낄 수 있게 하기 위한 방법이 무엇일까?' 고민했고, 30인이라는 대규모의 레이드 던전이
이러한 고민을 해결하는데 출발점이 될 수 있지 않을까 생각하였습니다.
From the start of recruitment players will gain a sense of responsibility and make stronger bonds through goal-oriented cooperation.
But in consideration to the difficulty of recruiting 30 players, various systems have been placed.
30인 레이드는 파티 모집 과정에서부터 더 책임감을 느끼게 하고, 더 많은 인원이 협력을 통해
목표를 이루기에 더 강한 유대감이 생겨날 것입니다.
단, 30인 인원 모집 난이도를 고려하여 주 단위 참여 및 단계 별 귀속 시스템 등 여러 장치를
두었습니다.
Using the instance matching system (IMS) may increase the dungeon usage, but the focus is the responsibility and bonds between players. Thus there will be no IMS since instance matching will only hinder the joy obtained from these two points.
매칭 시스템은 던전의 이용률을 높일 수는 있겠지만 진정 목표로 하는 수호자 간의
강한 책임감과 유대감. 그리고 이를 통한 희열을 느끼게 하는 것에는 오히려 방해가 될 것이기에
별도의 매칭 시스템은 존재하지 않습니다.
6. What will be the adequate gear level to participate?
6. 참여를 위한 적정 장비의 수준은 어떻게 되나요?
The dungeon stages have been balanced via these gears: Lilith +12 for stage 1~2, Captivation (VM8) +12 for stage 3, and Imperator +15 for stage 4.
던전 단계 별로 1~2단계는 릴리스 12강, 3단계는 매혹 12강, 4단계는 복수 15강으로 밸런싱을
잡았습니다.
However it has not been strictly balanced accordingly as the focus is on the cooperation and the control of the raid rather than the level of the gear in order to clear [the dungeon].
(It has been leveled to which a raid with 20 of 30 players with adequate or above gear can clear)
물론 장비의 수준보다 공격대 전체의 협력과 컨트롤 능력으로 클리어하기를 바라는
던전이기에 지나치게 빡빡한 수준으로 밸런싱을 하지는 않았습니다.
(30명 중 약 20명 이상이 기준 장비 이상이라면 클리어는 가능하게 밸런싱 하였습니다)
7. I am worried that specific classes will be excluded. Will there be class balance plans before the raid opens or dungeon conditions to have at least one of every class?
7. 특정 클래스가 소외되는 상황이 발생할까 우려됩니다. 레이드 오픈 전 밸런스 조정 계획은
없으신지 또 각 클래스 별 1명 이상 포함이 되어야 진행이 가능하다든지 하는 제약사항은 없는지
궁금합니다.
Archer's Velik's Mark will be revamped with the [opening of] raid, while in the dungeon warrior's edge will not build but scythe will deal full edge-stack damage.
레이드 당일 궁수의 징표 스킬이 개선되며, 해당 던전 내에서는 검투사의 스택이 쌓이지 않는 대신
질풍 가르기 스킬이 무조건 최대 스택 위력이 나오게 조정 예정입니다.
In addition, September 8th will be the Archer class renewal, along with its first class balancing for all classes dealing less compared to the ninja class.
There are no other dungeon specific conditions and if there are any classes being excluded, appropriate balancing will be done immediately.
또한 9월 8일 궁수가 리뉴얼되며, 인술사에 비해 현저하게 딜량이 떨어지는 모든 클래스에 대해
1차 밸런스 수정이 예정되어 있습니다.
그 외 컨텐츠 내의 별도 제약 사항은 없으며 소외되는 클래스가 있다면 바로 밸런스적 조치를
취할 예정입니다.
<Regarding rewards>
<보상 관련>
8. Will the +15 scrolls and legendary etchings be tradeable?
8. 15강화 주문서와 전설 각인서의 거래가 가능한 지 궁금합니다.
All +15 scrolls and legendary etchings will be non-tradeable (cannot be traded) items.
15강화 주문서와 전설 각인서 모두 [거래 불가] 아이템입니다.
9. I am a +15 Imperator user. In order to craft Wyvern Vergoth gear, is Captivation gear strictly necessary? (seraph: asking whether he can use VM7)
9. 철기장 복수 15강 유저입니다. 고룡 베르고스 장비를 제작하려면, 무조건 철기장 매혹 장비가
필요한 것인지요?
Only by using Captivation gear can you craft Wvyern Vergoth gear.
철기장 매혹 장비로만 고룡 베르고스의 장비를 제작 할 수 있습니다.
10. Can both the Captivation +15 reward via internet cafe event and crafted Captivation +15 gear be used as key material to craft Wyvern Vergoth gear? In addition, will Wyvern Vergoth gear be 'non-tradeable' upon upgrading using either items?
10. PC방 이벤트로 획득한 매혹 +15강 , 제작 매혹 +15강 모두 고룡 베르고스 장비 재료로 사용이
가능한가요? 또한 두 아이템 모두 고룡 베르고스 장비로 업그레이드 시 [거래불가] 인가요?
Both the Captivation gear via internet cafe event and crafted Captivation gear can be used to craft Wyvern Vergoth gear.
Wyvern Vergoth gear will be 'non-tradeable' and 'not able to liberate' by upgrading with either items.
PC방 이벤트로 획득한 매혹 장비와, 제작 매혹 장비 모두 고룡 베르고스의 장비 재료로 사용
가능합니다.
두 종류의 아이템 모두 고룡 베르고스의 장비로 업그레이드 시 [거래불가],[해방불가] 아이템으로
변경됩니다.
<PVP>
<PVP/칭호>
11. I feel PVP players will not be able to obtain BiS gear without playing the new raid. Will there be alternative ways to obtain the gear through PVP?
11. PVP 유저도 신규 레이드를 플레이 하지 않으면, 최상위 아이템을 획득 할 수 없을 것 같습니다.
혹시 PVP를 통해서도 최상위 장비를 얻을 수 있는 대안이 마련되어 있을까요?
After taking into account how the raid turns out, we plan to make it possible to obtain it through PVP end-game content (Guild GvG, Named boss hunting).
As it is not possible to obtain the BiS item through regular dungeons, it will also not be possible to obtain it through regular battlegrounds.
최상위 레이드의 공략 진행 상황을 고려하여 PVP 엔드컨텐츠(길드대전, 필드네임드)를 통해서도
최상위 아이템 획득이 가능하도록 할 예정입니다.
최상위 아이템을 일반 던전에서 얻을 수 없는 것과 동일하게 일반 전장에서는 최상위 아이템을
얻을 수는 없습니다.
In addition, in case of any issues or abuse, and forming alliance for one PVP group to monopolize BiS items without competition, as it does not reflect our intentions and may cause other problems, we caution that rewarding BiS item may be excluded.
그리고 예상치 못한 문제나 어뷰징, 담합을 통해 일부 PVP 세력이 정상적인 경쟁 없이 최상위 아이템을 통제하거나
독점이 지속해서 발생할 경우 이는 전혀 의도한 바가 아니며 많은 문제를 발생 시키기 때문에
해당 컨텐츠에서 최상위 아이템 보상이 제외될 수도 있음을 미리 알려드립니다.
12. Every season, we are given shiny titles for completing the hardest dungeon a set number of times. Will there be one for the 30-man raid?
12. 매 시즌 최상위 인던을 일정 횟수 클리어 하면 빛나는 이펙트가 있는 타이틀을 획득할 수
있었는데요. 이번 시즌은 30인 레이드에서 획득할 수 있는 것인가요?
The conditions will be the completion of the hardest 5-man dungeon and the 30-man raid.
Thus, 77 clears in Rakelith's Ruins (hard mode) and 12 clears in the new 30-man raid is necessary.
5인 최상위 던전과 30인 던전을 모두 클리어 해야 합니다.
라켈리스 상급 던전과 레이드 던전을 각각 77회, 12회 클리어 시 획득 가능합니다.
Interview photo!
인터뷰 모습 투척!
Has some of your questions been answered?^^
We are very happy that many players have given lots of interest for the new raid. ' _ ' *
Through the interviews we were able to better grasp player needs,
and has been a meaningful time for future reference.
신규 레이드에 대한 궁금증이 풀리는 시간이었나요?^^
많은 수호자님들께서 신규 레이드에 뜨거운 관심을 가져주셔서 정말 기쁜데요. ‘ _ ‘ *
이번 인터뷰를 통해 수호자님들의 니즈를 보다 잘 알 수 있었고,
앞으로의 방향성에 큰 도움이 되었던 값진 시간이었습니다.
The next [GM Lucina's ‘I Want to Know!'] will also try to cover content players may be curious of, and hopefully deliver cider-like clarity.
If you want any content covered in Lucina's I Want to Know, Please let me know! ‘ _ ‘ !
다음에도 [GM루키나의 그것이 알고 싶다.] 에서는 수호자님들께서 궁금해하실 만한 내용을
밀착취재 하여, 사이다 같은 시원함을 선사해드릴 수 있도록 하겠습니다.
혹시 루키나의 그것이 알고싶다 에서 인터뷰 하였으면 하는 내용이 있다면, 많은 의견 부탁 드릴게요. ‘ _ ‘ !
Thank you.
감사합니다.
(Source: tera.nexon.com)
The new Raspberry Pi Camera Module v2 has arrived. Learn all about it and start making amazing camera projects in the May 2016 issue of the official Raspberry Pi magazine…
Picture Perfect!
Learn about the new Camera Module v2 & start making projects today!
Replicate Astro Pi experiments
Make your own humidity sensor with the Sense HAT
The best Pi arcade machines
See our top 10 retro gaming arcade cabinets powered by Pi
Build an IoT thermometer
Get real-world data and share your findings online
And much, much more!
Want to know more? View the PDF of the contents for details on every article.
Correction: On page 24, there's a mistake where we tell you to have the blue side of the camera ribbon facing the HDMI port when inserting it into the connector. The blue side should actually face the ethernet/USB ports. We apologise for this error.
You can buy The MagPi in all good newsagents, as well as high street stores, including:
The MagPi is freely licensed under Creative Commons (BY-SA-NC 3.0).
You can download this issue free now and forever, but buying in digital & print supports the Raspberry Pi Foundation's charitable mission to democratise computing.
Trying to predict the future can be a maddening task, and that is especially the case when Clay Buchholz is involved. The right-hander has been anything but consistent throughout his career with the Red Sox, and it remains something of a mystery as to why he can flash elite stuff one start and hardly resemble a major-league pitcher the next.
We've already seen the full Buchholz experience just two weeks into this season. He looked nearly unhittable in Boston's Opening Day victory against the Phillies before falling flat on his face against the Yankees in his second start, one of the worst outings from any pitcher in MLB so far this year. Buchholz showed more mettle last time out against the Orioles, fighting through some misfortune to allow just one walk and two runs over six innings.
Even still, the end result is more questions than answers with Buchholz, and that remains the case nine seasons into his Red Sox career.
Yet even if we accept that Buchholz is a near-impossible nut to crack, there are some reasons for optimism from his early-season performances. Sure, his 6.06 ERA would make anyone cringe, but just a glance at his early season -- emphasis on early -- FIP (3.02) and xFIP (2.67) suggests the righty has pitched better than his results show.
Most encouraging has been Buchholz's ability to generate strikeouts in his first three outings. For a pitcher who has long depended on the play of his fielders behind him, garnering extra whiffs is of vital importance. Through 16-1/3 innings pitched in 2015, Buchholz has compiled a 25 percent strikeout rate and 11 percent swinging-strike rate, both of which would stand as career-best marks. Expecting Buchholz to post these numbers over a full season is likely wishful thinking, but they do speak to the quality of his stuff in the early going.
Photo credit: Winslow Townson-USA TODAY Sports
After struggling with the feel for his changeup in recent seasons, Buchholz has found great success with the offering again in 2015. According to Brooks Baseball, opposing hitters swung through Buchholz's changeup nearly 24 percent of the time in his first three starts, and he has yet to allow a hit on the pitch (though again, we're dealing with a small sample size here). Long his best offering, Buchholz needs an effective changeup to help him generate whiffs and weak contact.
Even more intriguing has been the subtle change in Buchholz's pitch usage. In years past, Buchholz has preferred throwing his four-seamer with regularity while mixing in a sinker and cutter to give hitters a different look on his fastball. That's changed this season, with Buchholz turning to his sinker almost 40 percent of the time through his first three outings, making it his most used offering. The pitch has helped Buchholz produce more groundballs, and his current 55 percent groundball rate is notably higher than it's been over the past three seasons.
Considering the Red Sox bulked up on groundball pitchers this offseason, Buchholz's altered approach is one worth monitoring. He's never been a groundball pitcher per se, but given his issues with home runs in the past, keeping the ball in the infield more frequently could pay big dividends.
That there are positive signs regarding Buchholz's early-season performances is a good reminder that Boston's rotation as a whole still needs more time to be judged fully. With the offseason narrative surrounding the club condemning Ben Cherington's supposed inability to add an ace, it's easy to let a poor outing or two stoke panic over the team's starting rotation.
In a way, Buchholz exemplifies all the question marks and worry surrounding the Red Sox's starters. He has all the talent and ability in the world, sure, but his inconsistency makes him tough to depend on at times, especially with Boston needing bounce-back campaigns from a few of their other pitchers.
Still, Red Sox fans should take some comfort in how Buchholz has fared this April. His underlying statistics (and that .404 batting average on balls in play) point to a pitcher who has performed better than his ERA indicates. He is compiling more strikeouts and fewer walks than his previous career-best numbers. He is churning out more ground balls than ever before and getting hitters to chase outside the strike zone with a higher frequency. Overall, he's allowing less contact, while his fastball velocity is holding steady when compared with years past.
In short, the Red Sox have plenty of reasons to be positive about Buchholz's outlook for the rest of 2015. If he can continue to garner ground balls and weak contact with regularity, the club's infield defense should help his performance improve. If he can keep his strikeout and walk totals near their current rate, positive results will follow.
Projecting Buchholz's performance with any kind of certainty remains a tough task, of course. He is an enigma, and probably always will be. But there is little doubt that he looks far better than he did at this time last season. The Red Sox have built an armada of quality hitters on offense to help balance the uncertainty within their rotation. Assuming Buchholz is doomed for mediocrity in 2015 would be an overreaction at this point. His numbers suggest patience on Boston's part will likely be rewarded.
College Grads: It's a Different Economy (May 3, 2013)
Things are falling apart--that is obvious. But why are they falling apart? The reasons are complex and global. Our economy and society have structural problems that cannot be solved by adding debt to debt. We are becoming poorer, not just from financial over-reach, but from fundamental forces that are not easy to identify or understand. We will cover the five core reasons why things are falling apart:
1. Debt and financialization
2. Crony capitalism and the elimination of accountability
3. Diminishing returns
4. Centralization
5. Technological, financial and demographic changes in our economy Complex systems weakened by diminishing returns collapse under their own weight and are replaced by systems that are simpler, faster and affordable. If we cling to the old ways, our system will disintegrate. If we want sustainable prosperity rather than collapse, we must embrace a new model that is Decentralized, Adaptive, Transparent and Accountable (DATA). We are not powerless. Not accepting responsibility and being powerless are two sides of the same coin: once we accept responsibility, we become powerful.
Kindle edition: $9.95 print edition: $24 on Amazon.com To receive a 20% discount on the print edition: $19.20 (retail $24), follow the link, open a Createspace account and enter discount code SJRGPLAB. (This is the only way I can offer a discount.)
NOTE: gifts/contributions are acknowledged in the order received. Your name and email remain confidential and will not be given to any other individual, company or agency. Thank you, Robert E. ($100), for your outrageously generous contribution to this site -- I am greatly honored by your steadfast support and readership. Thank you, Alexis V. ($10), for your much-appreciated generous contribution to this site -- I am greatly honored by your support and readership.
"This guy is THE leading visionary on reality. He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about, yet, turn out to be quite relevant months later."
--Walt Howard, commenting about CHS on another blog.
Or send him coins, stamps or quatloos via mail--please request P.O. Box address. Subscribers ($5/mo) and contributors of $50 or more this year will receive a weekly email of exclusive (though not necessarily coherent) musings and amusings. At readers' request, there is also a $10/month option. What subscribers are saying about the Musings (Musings samples here): The "unsubscribe" link is for when you find the usual drivel here insufferable. Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation.
All content, HTML coding, format design, design elements and images copyright © 2013 Charles Hugh Smith, All rights reserved in all media, unless otherwise credited or noted. I am honored if you link to this essay, or print a copy for your own use. Terms of Service:
All content on this blog is provided by Trewe LLC for informational purposes only. The owner of this blog makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this site or found by following any link on this site. The owner will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. The owner will not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information. These terms and conditions of use are subject to change at anytime and without notice.
blog My Books Archives Books/Films home
A 34-year-old woman who had been charged with DWI Thursday morning later died in an NYPD holding cell, police confirmed.
Officers from the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority Police found Nicole Garbellotto, a Brooklyn resident, unconscious behind the wheel of her running car on Major Avenue near the entrance to the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge shortly after 6 p.m. Wednesday, SI Live reports.
Sources told the Daily News the woman was unconscious at the time, in the midst of a drug overdose, and was given a shot of naloxone by FDNY medics.
According to police Garbellotto was then taken to Staten Island University Hospital, treated, and released back into police custody. Officers moved Garbellotto to the NYPD's 120th Precinct office where she was charged with DWI and Operating a Motor Vehicle impaired by drugs just after 4:30 a.m. Thursday morning. Roughly six hours later, Garbellotto was found unconscious in her cell.
Fire Department EMS workers were called to the stationhouse at roughly 10:40 a.m., and rushed Garbellotto to Richmond University Medical Center, the Times reports. Garbellotto was pronounced dead at the hospital. No further details have been released in connection to her death, and an NYPD spokesperson confirmed an investigation is ongoing.
Abstract
Mental simulations of future experiences are often concerned with emotionally arousing events. Although it is widely believed that mental simulations enhance future behavior, virtually nothing is known about how memory for these simulations changes over time or whether simulations of emotional experiences are especially well remembered. We used a novel paradigm that combined recently developed methods for generating simulations of future events and well-established procedures for testing memory to examine the retention of positive, negative, and neutral simulations over delays of 10 min and 1 day. We found that at the longer delay, details associated with negative simulations were more difficult to remember than details associated with positive or neutral simulations. We suggest that these effects reflect the influence of the fading-affect bias, whereby negative reactions fade more quickly than positive reactions, and that this influence results in a tendency to remember a rosy simulated future. We discuss implications of our findings for individuals with affective disorders, such as depression and anxiety.
Ramjan is the woman who has sworn on oath that on July 28 in 1977 at Sydney University, Tony Abbott “came up to her, stood within an inch of her nose and punched the wall on either side of her head”. Ramjan, now a Guardian in the NSW Children's Court and the NSW Civil and Administrative Tribunal, asserts that this occurred at the Student Representative Council offices at the uni following the election for the SRC president that took place that night. Abbott was a candidate for president and was not elected.
Ramjan has had her version of events, honesty and credibility in relation to that night, repeatedly questioned. Andrew Bolt, Alan Jones, Michael Kroger and The Australian newspaper are among those who were required to apologise Ramjan for suggesting she had lied.
The recent publication of an extract from Greg Sheridan's book When We Were Young and Foolish, dealing with the events of that evening, prompted Ramjan's media statement today.
In his book Sheridan, The Australian's foreign editor and long-time personal friend of the PM, makes a number of comments about the night in question. In particular, he says that ‘nothing like that could have happened' and that there were no witness to the event other than Ramjan.
Barbara Ramjan disputes this in her media statement today and has produced an affidavit from a witness to the events of the night.
Third Quarter 2012
Rank / Share
1 Michael Savage 10.9
2 Rush Limbaugh 9.6
3 Laura Ingraham 7.6
4 Glenn Beck 6.3
5 Tammy Bruce 5.0
6 Mark Levin 3.8
7 Sean Hannity 3.5
8 George Noory 2.8
9 Dennis Miller 2.3
10 Bill Bennett 2.1
11 Michael Medved 1.8
12 Neal Boortz 1.5
13 Dennis Prager 1.2
14 Hugh Hewitt 1.2
15 John Batchelor 1.1
16 Red Eye Radio 1.0
17 Alex Jones 0.9
18 Monica Crowley 0.9
19 The Dana Show 0.8
20 Jerry Doyle 0.8
21 Phil Hendrie 0.6
22 John Gibson 0.6
23 IMUS 0.6
24 Mike Gallagher 0.5
25 Larry Kudlow 0.5
Notes:
The Savage Nation has become the #1 talk show on the internet for the 3rd quarter 2012. We have watched Michael consistently grow his audience over the last several quarters. All of his numbers are way up especially via Mobile and Social Radio. Congratulations to Michael Savage and the Savage Nation.
Survey Period: ( 07/01/2012 – 9/27/2012 )
Sample Size: 729,908 unique sessons
Source: TalkStreamLive.com
All metrics collected to produce this top 25 report are via Internet Streaming through our new cloud based server via TalkStreamLive.com‘s Website, Gadgets, iPhone app and “click-to-listen” links via Social Networks. The report includes the big personalities talk show fans would expect as well as some new media rising stars.
Talk Stream Live™
Contact email: info@talkstreamlive.com
Check out our FREE iPhone App: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/talk-stream/id402203488?mt=8Follow TalkStreamLive on Twitter:
Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/TalkStreamLive
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/TalkStreamLive
TalkStreamLive.com
Talk Stream Live™
Lisa Mason
“We probably could have shipped the game earlier, but I think that it would not have been nearly as good a game as it is now [...] Back then it was pretty good, but we've really kicked it up a notch since.”
Blizzard is well known as a company who takes their time making games in order to make them the best they can be but this has proven time and time again to work out for them. I played the beta of D3 and honestly, I think it's a pretty good game as it is. Of course I was anxious to see more content and the beta was limited but I was excited about what I saw. If you've had a chance to play D3 already, what do you think?
Diablo III Developer Diaries, Part Four
On March 21, 2012, with Diablo III nearly finished and a release date of May 15, 2012 finalized, Lead Software Engineer Jason Regier, Game Director Jay Wilson, and Art Director Christian Lichtner returned to the studio, and talked about the time required to make a quality game, how the team approached the skill system, the rune system, and community feedback.
For more information, additional exclusive interviews, artwork, and more, visit the Diablo III "Darkness Falls, Heroes Rise." website:
http://reveal.diablo3.com
We are all awaiting the launch of Blizzard's upcoming game, Diablo 3, which will be on May 15th but as many already know, this was actually delayed from when Blizzard first said we could expect it. They planned to launch the end of 2011 and some say they held out because of SWTOR .'s release from BioWare around the same time.But Blizzard says the delay was necessary to make sure they were giving us the best game possible. While they could have released it earlier, they say it would not have been as good of a game. Lead Software Engineer, Jason Regier said in a developer vlog:
It's been almost three years since Metalheadz producer Jubei released 'The Prayer', a gloomy drum 'n' bass stepper featuring 'headz boss Goldie.
Cold-hearted, mean and loaded with a murderous bassline, it's the type of track we've come to expect from Jubei since it arrived as part of his debut album, 'To Have & Have Not'. With someone of Goldie's stature on it, it wasn't exactly going to be disappointing, was it? This month the album gets refreshed with remixes from Blocks & Escher, Ulterior Motive, Skeptical and Om Unit.
In a career going back to 2001, Jubei, real name Paul Ager, has consistently fired out razor-sharp, industrial d'n'b, hooking up with the likes of Breakage and Sabre along the way. His relationship with Metalheadz started in 2010 with the 'Nothing Ventured Nothing Gained' EP and last year saw him release the nasty-edged 'True Form' EP.
The remix package for 'To Have & Have Not' arrives on July 29 and we've got the exclusive of Om Unit's take on 'The Prayer' for you. It growls and groans and clatters and claps, but it's not totally demonic. Om layers it with a shimmering base coat to ensure it's got that vintage Metalheadz vibe. Top work.
The 'To Have & Have Not' remix EP is out on July 29. Buy it here
Last week, we showed you 3 of the most popular alternatives to using email for communicating and managing your team – Skype for audio calls, Basecamp for project management and using mobile technology to stay connected on the go. Following on from that post last week, here are 3 more ways to connect with your team without having to deal with the hangups of email.
Asana
Asana puts conversations & tasks together, so you can get more done with less effort.
Asana is a web-based app that allows you to connect with your team and manage projects without the use of email. By focusing on the task in hand, Asana allows you to center your communications and make sure that everyone is working from the same sheet. By utilizing mobile technology, users can communicate with each other through ‘tasks' as opposed to emails. These are related to specific areas in the project that they are working on and provide a full, clear history of past communication. Much like Basecamp, Asana filters information into a central dashboard that makes it super easy to see an overall of the project and manage all of the project data. Asana provides a completely free service for up to 15 members, which is perfect if you are experimenting with new ways to manage your latest project.
Useful tip:
To help you manage your projects the way you choose, Asana also integrates with a huge variety of other tools that you and your team can utilize:
Chrome – Using an extension, Asana allows you to easily and quickly add tasks from any web page. Easily share content across the web with your team.
Dropbox & Google Drive – Obviously integration with cloud storage tools is essential for any remote team.
WordPress – Display and create alerts for tasks directly inside the WordPress dashboard.
Google Calendar – Much like the standard iPhone calendar, Asana allows you to set reminders for tasks and invite team members to help them stay on track.
Click here for a full list
Google Hangouts
Google's video conferencing tool, ‘Hangouts' is becoming an ever popular way to communicate amongst teams and to hold regular meetings. If you are looking for a free and personal way to communicate with your team, using Hangouts is a good way to get to know new members of your team that you can't meet in person and onboard them. Using Google Hangouts is perfect for bringing your team together into one ‘meeting' and is a good practice for any business with remote employees. Unlike Skype, Google Hangouts lets users invite up to 9 additional team members into a video call for free. To host a group video chat on Skype you have to upgrade to their premium service.
With full support across all platforms free of charge, it's not a surprise why many companies are beginning to use Hangouts to communicate on a larger level with their team and even customers. Above all, Hangouts is the simplest application to use and implement into your business provided you have a Google Plus account which is required for use.
Useful tip:
A particularly excellent feature of Google Hangouts is the ‘Hangouts on air' feature. This feature allows you to broadcast your conference calls and video conversations worldwide across the internet. This means that anyone with the link is able to watch your broadcast live. On top of that, you can also edit and share a copy of the broadcast with your network. For the purposes of managing a team, this becomes especially useful if you want to save conversations to onboard new members.
If you use Process Street, you could even embed the recorded conference call inside of a process document using YouTube. Click here for more information on getting started with Hangouts on air.
Webex
Webex is the corporate counterpart of both Skype and Google Hangouts. Where Webex comes into its own is with its capacity for group calls. With a Premium100 account, Webex users can host a conference call for up to 100 participants. This is excellent if you have a huge team and is an excellent way to discuss new projects and to update your entire team. On top of its capacity features, Webex includes a vast suite of additional extras including:
A whiteboard option for brainstorming sessions.
Desktop and document sharing.
The ability to record conferences for review with in-app storage up to 1gb for premium users.
Share a website or application.
Host a presentation with your team using full annotation features that your team can use interactively.
Webex will set you back a little more than the most popular apps out there but the extra options may be worth paying extra for you and your team. As with any alternative to email you need to try before you buy if you can, but finding the right workflow can mean big things to any business.
Useful Tips:
Be sure to use the free version of the software to test and experiment before hosting presentations or conference video calls. This will limit the amount of problems during a call – essential if you are holding an important meeting with your entire team!
Poll your team. By sharing ideas with your team and getting feedback, you can pinpoint any areas that need to be discussed in the upcoming meeting.
Do you know any other great alternatives to email?
Toronto FC's loss is the Vancouver Whitecaps' gain.
That's the way the 'Caps are looking at things after acquiring Young Designated Player Matías Laba from their Canadian rivals on Wednesday night in exchange for future considerations.
TFC were forced to move the 22-year-old Argentine after signing Michael Bradley, Jermain Defoe and Gilberto – all as Designated Players – this offseason. Under league rules, clubs can only have three DPs on the books.
Toronto FC head coach Ryan Nelsen had stated his intention to work out a way to keep Laba if it could be managed, but apparently there was no workaround possible.
“It was a conversation that was brought to us,” Whitecaps head coach Carl Robinson told MLSsoccer.com by phone from Portland, where the club is currently participating in the Rose City Invitational preseason tournament. “Obviously they have made three very high-profile signings ...
"Something had to give, and I think, reading between the lines, they did everything to keep him, but obviously it's not possible. You're only allowed three Designated Players, and we took full advantage of that.”
The Whitecaps aren't saying what they will have to give up for Laba, but have indicated it won't be anything significant.
“Every MLS team needs to be roster compliant within the next day or so,” Robinson said. “Obviously we had a little bit of space planned out for some changes to the squad. It's a great addition for us, and we haven't had to give much up.”
Laba will be expected to start alongside Nigel Reo-Coker as part of two shields in front of Vancouver's back four in their new 4-2-3-1 formation.
He's a combative player, and if that is indeed Vancouver's central defensive-midfield pairing, it promises to be one of Major League Soccer's more robust central partnerships.
“He brings something that we haven't got in our squad,” Robinson said. “He's a defensive midfield player with a great tactical understanding of that role. He plays with great intensity, and obviously he covers a lot of ground.
“He's hard-nosed, as most Argentinians are, and he's got 80 [professional] games under his belt.”
Martin MacMahon covers the Vancouver Whitecaps for MLSsoccer.com.
Sprint's Virgin Mobile appears to be tapping the brakes on its plan to become an “iPhone-exclusive carrier”
The prepaid brand relaunched in June, revealing a partnership with Apple to sell nothing but iPhones and introducing a new plan, dubbed Inner Circle, that offers unlimited data for $50 a month. Virgin doubled down on the move in August, offering a year of unlimited service for $1 to users who activate their own iPhone and transfer the existing number to the Inner Circle plan.
The strategy is a bold play to expand Sprint's presence in a prepaid market that has grown significantly more competitive in the last two years. But for now, at least, Virgin appears to have pulled in the reins on its iPhone-only commitment, according to a new report from Wave7 Research.
Mobile World Congress 2019 Attend the 2-Day Executive 5G Panel Series FierceWireless is returning to Barcelona, Spain, during Mobile World Congress 2019 with a two-day Executive 5G Panel Series at the Fira Congress Hotel, conveniently located across the street from the MWC Convention Center. The panel events will take place on Feb. 25-26 and will cover 5G and The Fixed Wireless Access Opportunity, Taking 5G Indoors, and Making 5G Ubiquitous. Attendees will have the opportunity to network and hear from 5G leaders including Verizon, Vodafone, Orange, Sprint, NTT Docomo, Boingo Wireless, Qualcomm, and more over the course of two days.
Secure your spot at the event today! Now is your chance to join fellow industry professionals for networking and education. Registration information and the schedule can be found on the website here. Register today
"Android phone sales have returned to Virgin's website here,” Wave7 wrote in a note to subscribers. “Further, the Moto E4 was added to Virgin's lineup after the carrier announced that it was an iPhone-exclusive carrier. Checks of Walmart, Best Buy, and Target stores continue to show no change, with only Android devices being sold, with monthly pricing of 5GB for $35, 10GB for $45, and unlimited for $60. Reps deny that they have been trained on Inner Circle. Virgin is not sold at Sprint stores.”
Virgin has backed Inner Circle with some online advertising, Wave7 said, but the firm noted it hasn't seen any TV or radio marketing for the plan. Wave7 added that it is “sharply negative on the Inner Circle launch.”
Virgin sells only one iPhone for less than $200—the iPhone SE is available for $160 on the carrier's website—and its online handset offerings top out at $800 for the iPhone 8 Plus. So the service provider is seeing some push-back among prepaid users seeking more affordable devices. Which, of course, means Android-powered phones.
“Since we announced our plans to transition to iPhone only, we heard some concern from our Android customers about their ability upgrade phones in the future and we appreciated their feedback,” Virgin spokesperson Justin Scott told FierceWireless via email. “To that end, we are currently working with our sister company Boost Mobile to provide competitive plans as an option for Virgin Mobile Android customers who want to purchase a new phone after we no longer sell them in the fall of 2018. As soon as we finish working with Boost Mobile on these new options made specifically for Virgin Mobile Android customers, we will provide an update to them.
Scott confirmed that Virgin will continue to sell Android phones through its website through the fall of 2018.
“This transition to iPhone only was planned with a phased approach over time, as we never planned to stop selling Android overnight,” he said. “As such, Virgin Mobile will continue to provide service and support for our existing Android customers and we have no plans to discontinue service or support to this valued group of our customer base … However, after the fall of 2018, Virgin Mobile will stop selling new Android phones.”
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Islamist foe Hamas achieved none of its demands in a truce ending 50 days of deadly conflict in Gaza.
"Hamas was hit hard and got none of its demands," Netanyahu said at a news conference in Jerusalem on Wednesday, his first comments since the ceasefire went into effect on Tuesday evening.
"Hamas wanted a port and airport in Gaza, the liberation of Palestinian prisoners, the mediation of Qatar and Turkey and the payment of salaries for its employees.
"But it got nothing."
The seven-week conflict claimed the lives of at least 2140 Palestinians, more than 70 per cent of them civilians according to the United Nations, and 64 soldiers and six civilians on the Israeli side.
"Hamas has not suffered such a defeat since its creation. We destroyed attack tunnels, killed nearly 1000 enemy combatants, including senior officials in the movement, destroyed thousands of rockets and hundreds of command posts," Netanyahu said.
Both sides' guns fell silent at 1600 GMT on Tuesday (0200 AEST), with Israel agreeing to ease restrictions on the movement of people and goods into and out of Gaza, and allow fishing boats up to six nautical miles offshore.
READ MORE
Ronald Wilson Reagan Biographical information Date of birth February 6, 1911 Age (1931) 20 Age (1955) 44 Age (1985) 74 Age (2015) 104 (deceased) Physical description Gender Male Hair color Black Eye color Green Behind-the-scenes information [Source]
"Ronald Reagan?!? The actor?!? Then who's vice-president?!? Jerry Lewis?!?" —Emmett Brown in response to Marty McFly telling him the President in 1985. Welcome to the Cafe 80's, where it's always morning in America, even in the afternoo-noo-noon." —Video waiter of Ronald Reagan
Ronald Reagan (February 6, 1911 – June 5, 2004) was an actor and politician in the 20th century. His public life started in 1937 as an actor in motion pictures, and later, television. His growing involvement in politics eventually surpassed his acting career, and he was elected the 33rd Governor of California (1967–1975). He later became the 40th President of the United States (1981–1989), succeeding Jimmy Carter.
Contents show]
Early career
Reagan was a successful and well-known motion picture actor with over 50 screen credits by the 1950s. He married actress Jane Wyman on January 26, 1940, and divorced on June 28, 1948, making him the only American president to have been divorced. After serving several terms as the President of the Screen Actors' Guild (1947-1952), he married actress Nancy Davis on March 4, 1952.[1]
1950s
Reagan moved to television as the host of the Sunday evening television show, General Electric Theater from 1954-1962. The show's popularity kept it in the top ten of the Nielsen ratings, usually higher than I Love Lucy in the 9:00-9:30 p.m. time slot.[2]
On November 5th, 1955, Hill Valley's air conditioned Essex Theater was showing his 1954 Western film Cattle Queen of Montana, in which he was a supporting co-star to Barbara Stanwyck in the title role.
When Marty McFly told Emmett Brown that the President of the United States in 1985 would be Ronald Reagan, he scoffed at the idea that such a famous actor would hold a government office, and sarcastically asked if the Vice-President was Jerry Lewis, continuing by suggesting that Jane Wyman was First Lady, and Jack Benny the Secretary of the Treasury. Later, however, when Marty demonstrated a camcorder, Emmett mused that since there were "portable television studios" in the future, it was appropriate for the President to be an actor, since he had to look good on television.
Doc Brown was apparently not aware that by 1955, Reagan and Wyman had divorced and that Reagan was remarried to Nancy Davis Reagan. However, considering the fact he was mockingly suggesting Jerry Lewis as VP and Jack Benny being the Treasury Secretary, he could have been jokingly suggesting Reagan would go back to Jane Wyman to be his First Lady as part of his mocking the idea of a Reagan Presidency.
1985
Having been re-elected to a second four-year term as president in 1984, Reagan began serving his term on January 20, 1985.
1985A
In the alternate 1985, the newspaper dated May 23, 1983 that had the story about Doc being declared insane also had an article titled "Nixon to Seek Fifth Term; Vows End to Vietnam War by 1985". When the original 1985 was restored, Doc was featured as being commended (instead of committed) and the Nixon article was changed to "Reagan to Seek Second Term; No Republican Challengers Expected". Reagan's photo was on the front page of the newspaper on Mr. Strickland's doorstep on October 26 of 1985A, with the headline "Reagan Goes for Surgery". Marty only had time to read the date before being accused by a pump-action shotgun-wielding Strickland of being "the son of a bitch who keeps stealing my newspapers". He is reset in 1985 B after destroy the almanach in 1955.
2015
Among the elements of 1980s nostalgia in the Cafe 80's restaurant are the Max Headroom-style video simulacra used as waiters, which depicted Ronald Reagan with Ayatollah Khomeini. Reagan greeted customers with his "it's always morning in America" slogan, laughing at his own joke. A Ronald Reagan picture disc record, titled The President's Album, could also be seen in the display window of the antique/memorabilia store Blast from the Past.
It is unknown if it was hinted Reagan would be alive at this time, though his vice-president, George H. W. Bush, had just succeeded him as president when the movie came out. In real life, he died in 2004.
Behind the scenes
Ronald Reagan Back to the Future reference
When Ronald Reagan first watched Back to the Future at the movie theater in the White House, he reportedly was so amused that Emmett Brown could not believe an actor like him could become president, he had the projectionist stop and rewind the film to replay the scene.[3]
He later referred to the movie in his 1986 State of the Union address when he said, "Never has there been a more exciting time to be alive, a time of rousing wonder and heroic achievement. As they said in the film Back to the Future, 'Where we're going, we don't need roads.'"[4]
Knowing that Reagan was a fan of Back to the Future, and since he was no longer president by 1989, Robert Zemeckis thought it would be a great joke to get Reagan to play the role of the 1885 mayor of Hill Valley in Back to the Future Part III. It would have been just one scene in which he greets the townspeople and starts the clock. Zemeckis called up Lew Wasserman, the chairman of Universal Studios, who had been Reagan's agent, and asked him to call Reagan to offer him the part. Reportedly, Reagan actually considered it, but eventually decided against it.[5]
President Reagan actually waited several months after May 22, 1983, to announce that he would seek a second term. His announcement wasn't made until January 29, 1984.[6] There were no Republican challengers, and Reagan was re-elected on November 6, 1984. President Reagan gave the commencement address at Seton Hall University on May 21, 1983, and used the opportunity to comment that "We just haven't been getting our money's worth" from tax dollars spent on education, a minor event reported the following day.[7] As for Richard Nixon, he had been in the news earlier in the week for making a surprise visit to a banquet for journalism students at North Miami High School.[8]
Appearances
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry addresses Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc at the outset of a bilateral meeting on January 13, 2017, at the Prime Minister's Office in Hanoi, Vietnam.
On Wednesday, Vietnam's Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc will be the first Southeast Asia leader to visit the White House since the inauguration of President Donald Trump, part of a three-day visit to the United States.
Now is the time for U.S. President Donald Trump to reassure Vietnam about Washington's policy toward the South China Sea. Vietnam, as well as some other countries in East Asia and Southeast Asia, still expect U.S. leadership on one of the hottest points in the South China Sea issue: how to deal with China.
Vietnamese leadership has two main possibilities in terms of diplomatic relations. One option is to promote the value of its increasingly improved ties with the United States. The second option is to keep up Vietnam's tendency of a moderate approach to China, in order to maintain stability at home and abroad.
Vietnam has made efforts to show its willingness to improve relations with the United States since Barack Obama administration. Vietnam, together with the Philippines, has been the most active in confronting China's claims over the South China Sea.
Compared to the Philippines, Vietnam is perhaps even more forward-leaning, as many Vietnamese consider China their most hated enemy. From school books to thousands of articles on social media and discussions on every street corner, the word “China” has been always stirred up harsh feelings.
If faced with a choice between China and the United States, Vietnamese public opinion would choose the latter. Vietnamese appear more willing to forgive historical enmity with the United States. For example, consider the story of Fulbright University Vietnam's launch back in 2016. Some Vietnamese media outlets criticized the appointment of former Senator Bob Kerrey as chairman of the board of the new school, because of his role in the massacre at Thanh Phong (Ben Tre) in February 1969. But public opinion at the time tended to protect Kerrey, and called for tolerance as both countries head for the future.
Looking at the history of the United States-Vietnam-China triangle, Vietnam has long played a very important role in the United States' presence in the Asia-Pacific.
And if North Korea is Trump's main foreign policy concern at the moment, he should also consider Vietnam's stance. Last year, Hanoi, in an unusual move, condemned the North Korean nuclear test despite the fact that Pyongyang is one of the few remaining communist countries in the world. Observers consider that Vietnam could serve as the United States' perfect “bridge” to North Korea.
Trump called on Vietnamese and other Association of Southeast Asia (ASEAN) leaders in April to discuss North Korea.
The improvement in Vietnam- U.S. relations is well-timed. China is accelerating its ambitions to control the South China Sea. According to Reuters, China recently installed rocket launchers on Fiery Cross Reef, a dispute feature in the South China Sea, in order to flex its military muscle. Some defense experts have argued that it might already be too late to stop Beijing from dominating the region.
At the same time, China has prompted ASEAN countries to reach an agreement on a South China Sea Code of Conduct (COC) after a meeting between Chinese and ASEAN officials in the Chinese city of Guiyang. The state-run Global Times hailed the progress on the COC, calling it a “symbol of the enhancement of China-ASEAN political mutual trust as well as strengthened will and capability by regional countries to handle regional affairs.” The China-ASEAN consultation “proves that regional countries can take full responsibility in maintaining South China Sea peace and stability without exterior disturbances,” Global Times continued.
The progress in China-ASEAN outreach might be partially explained by the fact that Vietnam's hopes for U.S. support have been dimmed since Trump took office. Hanoi needs a commitment from the Trump administration over the South China Sea, and has not been satisfied with U.S. comments thus far.
Since quitting the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Trump has been silent on the South China Sea. Moreover, Trump's attitude toward powerful allies such as Japan and South Korea has also become cold, in accordance with his “America First” policy. Instead of keeping close to these allies, Trump asked Japan and South Korea to pay more of the costs for sustaining U.S. troops, as well as suggesting that Seoul should pay $1 billion to deploy the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system. Japan and South Korea have not been pleased, and this has raised potential concerns in Vietnam too.
Meanwhile, the Philippines seems to be turning toward China and away from the United States. President Rodrigo Duterte arrived in Russia on May 23, and praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of his efforts to end Manila's dependence on the United States. Manila currently holds the rotating chairmanship of ASEAN, and can take advantage of that role to seek benefits. At the moment, Vietnam seems to be the only country in Southeast Asia that wants to be a strong U.S. ally in defying China's sovereignty claims.
The attitude of the Philippines shows that Trump's neglect of Asia leads to the risk of sharing U.S. influence in the region. As Trump prioritized bilateral relations over multilateral efforts and highlights the Middle East as the focal point of U.S. diplomacy, China has enlisted much of the Asia-Pacific to its side through a combination of repression and assurances, including the One Belt, One Road initiative. In this context, Phuc's visit is a chance for Trump to seize back the initiative and give a clear statement of U.S. commitment to the Asia-Pacific.
Du Nhat Dang is a Vietnamese reporter who works for Tuoi Tre newspaper in Vietnam. He graduated from the Faculty of Journalism and Communication, University of Social Sciences and Humanites in Ho Chi Minh City. He is a fellow at the Reporting ASEAN program, which supports articles about ASEAN.
A couple months back, we already talked about how different the Japanese Christmas is. Now it's time to take a look at another holiday that's isn't quite the same in Japan: Valentine's Day.
As with all Western holidays that have made their way over to Japan, almost all of the changes and “traditions” have been created by commercial organizations, looking to build swimming pools of 500 yen coins. In fact, only during one week before Valentine's Day, chocolate companies make half of their annual sales. That's a lot of money, and a lot of chocolate.
Then again, in America (and other places too), we give a lot of chocolate as well. So, what makes Japan different?
Only Girls Give Chocolate
Back in the 1950's, a company advertised Valentine's Day chocolates to non-Japanese living in Japan at the time. Then, Japanese companies wanted to get on board too, and started advertising Valentine's Day chocolates as well. During this period there was quite a bit of “Westernization” where people wanted to adopt more Western / American traditions. Because of this, Valentine's Day in Japan did fairly well.
But there was one problem…
It seems that at some point someone messed up a translation and ended up telling the Japanese people that Valentine's Day was an opportunity for women to express their love to men. Because of this, even to this day it's mostly women giving chocolates to men (don't worry, men get their turn too, eventually).
Giri-Chocolate, Honmei-Chocolate, and Tomo-Chocolate
It gets more complicated, though. Because it's not nice to make people feel left out on Valentine's day (especially in, say, the office), there are different kinds of chocolates girls give out now, depending on who they're giving it to.
Giri-Chocolate (義理チョコ)
Giri-Chocolate means “obligatory chocolate.” This kind of chocolate refers to the chocolate you have to give to people (who aren't really people you love). These could be people like bosses, coworkers, male friends, etc. Even sadder still, there's also something called “Cho-Giri-Chocolate” (Ultra-obligatory-chocolate), which is given to unpopular people you really don't want to give chocolates to.
In order to tell these chocolates apart from other (less obligatory) chocolates, these chocolates tend to be pretty run-of-the-mill, and not super expensive. Things don't start getting crazy until we get to Honmei-Chocolates.
Honmei-Chocolate (本命チョコ)
Honmei-Chocolate means “favorite chocolate.” This kind of chocolate is the kind of chocolate you give to the one you want to express your love to. These chocolates tend to be more expensive or possibly even homemade. Basically, it has to be obvious that these are honmei and not giri, so they have to be on a completely different level (Way to go Chocolate companies! Ka-Ching! ￥￥￥￥).
Tomo-Chocolate (友チョコ)
Tomo-choco just means “friend chocolates,” and refers to chocolates you give to your female friends (as a female). Simple as that.
Getting The Guys To Give
Guys don't give anything on Valentine's Day in Japan, but they do have their own day one month later where they're expected to return the favor. That day is known as “White Day” (or, if you're old enough to remember, “Marshmallow Day”), and it also sounds pretty expensive.
To learn about that, though, you'll have to wait for a month. On March 14 I'll post something up about White Day as well, so you'll have to wait until then! :)
Everyone enjoys their Valentine's Day… and to all you girls out there: I'm waiting for my cho-giri-choco from you.
2016-03-18 18:50:00 +0000 UTC by IdahoSciGuy
Hey there guys and gals, and welcome to the Weekly SoonTM! I'm IdahoSciGuy and it makes me happier than a firebender in an air temple to be able to share some fresh and exciting news with you all! Let's get crack-a-lackin!
March Move Madness!
It's arguably the most anticipated addition this month, and It's finally here: NEW MOVES! We've been hard at work crafting some sweet new additions to the bending plugin, and we are now ready to push them to the live server! We've crafted two new abilities for each type of bending, further expanding the available library of moves for each of you! You'll notice a little bit of everything, from high powered damage abilities to utility moves. Let's get right down to it, here's a list of all the exciting new additions and bug fixes we've done with the bending system!
New Moves Direct Link
Earth Direct Link
Earth Cage
Enclose an area in a dome made from earth. Left click to surround an area in earth for a short time.
Earth Catapult
Launch forward with a boost from the earth below. While standing on a bendable block, left click in the direction you wish to go.
Fire Direct Link
Fire Torch
Illuminate your surroundings. Left-click a block to place a torch for a short time.
Fire Bomb
Throw a long range fire bomb that explodes, dealing high damage. Left click to lob a bomb at a target. Also places fire on the ground at target location for a short time.
Air Direct Link
Air Bolt
Deal damage with a bolt of air in a short range attack. Left click while target is in close range.
Featherweight
Provide a short boost to yourself. Left click to self apply a speed and jump buff for a short time.
Water Direct Link
Dolphin Dive
Move around quickly while submerged. Left click while in water to dash forward.
Phase Change
Alter your surroundings by freezing or thawing the water around you. Left click to change water into ice, or ice and snow into water.
Added Descriptions for existing moves Direct Link
Earth Direct Link
Earth Blast
Blast your target with a projectile of earth. Left-click a nearby block, then aim at a target without clicking.
Earth Wall
Raise a wall of earth out of the ground. Click in the direction you would like the wall to appear.
Fire Direct Link
Fire Blast Wave
Blast a wave of fire around you. Left click to burn and knockback targets in close range.
Air Direct Link
Air Jump
Rapidly propels you in the air. Left click in the direction you which to jump
Air Kick
Shoots a large burst of air. Left click to launch horizontally, and shift click to kick vertically.
Air Shock
Creates a ball of air around you that pushes enemies away.
Water Direct Link
Water Bolt
Deal moderate damage and knockback a target with a long range attack. Left-click a water source and aim at a target without clicking.
Bug Fixes Direct Link
BoulderToss now raises two further blocks so the projectile will not get caught by the ground.
EarthWall is now functional and has five levels now.
FlameShot now has two additional levels, which increase the range and damage.
Of course, we are still ironing out some bugs, and as with all things, this takes time (earthblast, looking at you bud). But rest assured we are dedicated to making sure any bugs and glitches are taken down and eradicated more efficiently than the air nomads, so we appreciate the patience you give us!
Freaky Fast Travel Fixes Direct Link
We recently pushed a major update to our fast travel system, and although we were hoping for a smooth transition, we ultimately ran into quite a few bugs that interfered with your travel. We are happy to report that the majority of bugs have been put in their place faster than a rebellion in the Earth Kingdom (may she rest in peace). Here's a changelog of the bug fixes regarding the new fast travel plugin:
Bug Fixes Direct Link
Rendered every individual player maps properly.
Fixed the selection of the nodes on the player map.
Fixed various issues regarding incorrect nodes selection/edges.
Fixed Global Nodes.
Fixed many map duplication issues.
Added a delay to prevent rapid fast travel.
Deactivated the bending focus prior to entering a fast travel area, so it gets restored properly upon use.
Fixed a bug that either teleports the user twice, or does not teleport you and takes twice the amount of money.
Fixed a bug that causes players maps to not render after being logged in for a while.
We humbly ask you guys to stay vigilante. If there is a bug and you notice it, make sure to let us know! We'll make sure it gets taken care of!
Future (Industries) Endeavors Direct Link
The teams are hard at work perfecting their new build projects, and its only a matter of time before we are able to start into real detail about whats coming, but I can tell you this: Their builds are going to be super chill. Along with new builds, the teams are also working on new features to add both excitement and depth to our already awesome community. We can't wait to share this new information with you when the time is right. Until then, stay frosty AvatarMC, and see you next week!
PS: the absense of a Weekly Soon last week was entirely Luxsidus's fault. He has been sent to a re-education facility and may or may not be back next week.
In an earlier post I speculated a bit on what mischief Kent Conrad might get up to to monkeywrench healthcare reform efforts. I wrote that before I found out precisely how far he's already gone to kill Democratic healthcare reform.
Instead of measuring the impact of health care reform over ten years, the CBO will use a 20-year window, Sen. Kent Conrad (D-N.D.) told reporters Tuesday. "You have to do that if you're going to know whether you're bending the cost curve," he said. He wants the timeline to apply to the Senate Health Committee and the House bills, as well. "Everything needs to be scored in a similar way," he said. He added, significantly, that the bill would not need to be paid for with spending cuts and revenue increases over the 20-year period. Rather, Conrad stressed that ir would merely need to show that it was reducing the rate of the increase iin health care costs and it would only need to be paid for over the first decade to meet his criteria. The CBO has been largely dismissive of reforms that Democrats insist will lead to cost savings, such as prevention efforts or the establishment of an independent commission to set Medicare reimbursement rates. At the same time, the White House has taken drug-price negotiations and other cost-saving efforts off the table in deals with industry groups. The upshot: CBO is likely to estimate that the second decade of the reform bill's life will add to the deficit, giving fuel to critics who say it is too expensive. It would also force backers of the bill to trim subsidies, increase revenue somehow, or break Obama's pledge.
That's way outside usual procedure for the CBO, which always uses a 10 year window for projections--a timeframe already problematic. But it's also a significant departure for Kent Conrad, as Ezra Klein points out:
The first came earlier this year when Conrad modified Obama's first budget. Obama had eliminated a couple of Bush-era gimmicks that made the deficit appear smaller than it really was. Bush, for instance, shortened the budget window from 10 years to five, so the total deficit sounded smaller. Obama's budget returned it to the traditional 10. And then Conrad changed it back. The Politico reported that Conrad made this decision "because of the uncertainty of long-range forecasts." Others thought he did it to hide the size of the deficit. In any case, 10 years, as the alert reader will notice, is less than 20 years. If 10 years was too long a time period for certainty, then it is difficult to see how 20 years could possibly be acceptable. The second came in 2003, when Conrad voted for the Medicare Modernization Act, better known as Medicare Part D. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the bill would increase the federal deficit by $421 billion and reduce federal revenue by another $174 billion. The total cost to the deficit, then, neared $600 billion. Conrad not only accepted the CBO's 10-year time frame, but he voted for the bill. His press release enthusiastically touted the fact that the bill would "bring more than $70 million to North Dakota hospitals over the next ten years." Conrad's record in the Senate, then, would lead you to believe a couple of things. For one, he distrusts long-range projections. Even 10 years is too uncertain. He also believes some priorities overwhelm deficit concerns, health-care coverage being one of them. But when faced with a health-care reform that will be deficit neutral within the 10-year time frame, he is demanding that it instead be measured against an even more uncertain 20-year time frame, and by an agency that he claims underestimates savings. The CBO's scores are terrible, in other words, and come in such small portions!
Kent Conrad doesn't want comprehensive healthcare reform that really works, and he's doing his damnedest to empower the Blue Dogs and his fellow ConservaDems to kill it.
YouGov surveys in Pennsylvania and Ohio find that the vast majority of those who said they would vote for Donald Trump earlier in the week are unmoved about by lewd tapes of Trump made public on Friday afternoon.
“In both states, only 8% of Trump's supporters who have heard about the tape say the revelations have made them think worse of the candidate, while 2% say they now think better of Trump. The remaining Trump voters (91% in Ohio and 90% in Pennsylvania) say the tapes have had no impact on their view of Trump.”
Meanwhile, a new Politico/Morning Consult poll finds that just 39% of voters think Trump should end his presidential campaign, while only slightly more voters, 45%, think he should not drop out.
But voters are largely viewing Trump's comments through their own partisan lens: 70% of Democrats say Trump should end his campaign, but just 12% of Republicans — and 13% of female Republicans — agree.
Iceland to resume disputed whale hunt
Updated
Iceland plans to resume its disputed commercial fin whale hunt with a quota of at least 154 whales, the head of the only company that catches the giant mammals has announced.
Two vessels are being prepared for the hunt and they will head out to sea in early June, Hvalur chief executive Kristjan Loftsson said.
"The quota is 154 whales plus some 20 per cent from last season possibly," he said.
Mr Loftsson's company caught 148 fin whales in 2010, but none in 2011 and 2012 due to the disintegration of its only market in earthquake and tsunami-hit Japan.
He said most of this year's whale meat would be exported to Japan.
"Things are improving there ... everything is recovering."
The International Whaling Commission imposed a global moratorium on whaling in 1986 amid alarm at the declining stock of the marine mammals.
Iceland, which resumed commercial whaling in 2006, and Norway are the only two countries still openly practising commercial whaling in defiance of the moratorium.
Japan also hunts whales but insists this is only for scientific purposes, even if most of the meat ends up on the market for consumption.
In 2011, the United States threatened Iceland with economic sanctions over its commercial whaling, accusing the country of undermining international efforts to preserve the ocean giants.
But president Barack Obama stopped short of sanctions, instead urging Reykjavik to halt the practice.
AFP
Topics: whaling, iceland
First posted
Seattle News Desk
Cathie Wood, CEO of ARK Investment Management appeared earlier today on Bloomberg to discuss how Wall Street is in a race to offer cryptocurrency options to their fund investors.ARK has had a great year, with their holdings up nearly 75% investing in companies Tesla, NVidia, and Amazon. But when looking for the next round of big returns - they're eyeing cryptocurrencies.This news comes after a mixed month of feedback from Wall Street.With doubters like JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon calling bitcoin a "fraud".Along with new believers like former Goldman Sachs partner Michael Novogratz, who's putting together a massive $500 million dollar bet that Bitcoin's value will double yet again.Cathie Wood responded to some of Jamie Dimon's negitive remarks “Jamie is talking about store of value, I actually think this has a lot over fiat currencies” Wood says.But be warned: where the Wall Street crowd goes, government regulators follow.2018 is starting to look like the year when both big money, and big government will dive in head first.-------
A fourth terminal at Sydney Airport for international travellers that is connected to the existing domestic terminals is part of plans to help it cope with strong passenger growth and a competing airport at Badgerys Creek in the city's west.
According to the preliminary plans, Terminal 4 would be on the site of Qantas' jet base sandwiched between Terminal 3 and Qantas Drive on the airport's perimeter.
A pier for the new terminal would also extend south from the domestic precinct, while "remote aprons" could be built near the northern boundary in Airport Drive.
A month after turning down its "right of first refusal" to build and operate the new airport at Badgerys Creek, Sydney Airport chairman Trevor Gerber told shareholders that three years of consultation with the federal government over Western Sydney Airport had forced it to develop detailed plans to expand its existing operations.
CHICAGO -- Get this, Justin Verlander said he felt better Tuesday night than he had in a while.
It sure is a great time to play for the Detroit Tigers.
Verlander pitched seven strong innings to earn his major league-best 23rd win and the Tigers blanked the Chicago White Sox 5-0 for their 11th consecutive victory.
Verlander (23-5) allowed six hits, struck out six and walked two while becoming the first Tiger since Hal Newhouser in 1946 to win 11 consecutive starts and the AL's first 23-game winner since Barry Zito in 2002.
"It's probably best I've felt in the last few starts, the last five or six," Verlander said. "I really felt like I was getting back that rhythm I've been trying to find for a while."
That's a scary statement for the rest of the American League.
Verlander improved to 11-0 with a 2.51 ERA since his last loss on July 15 in Chicago, his only defeat in 15 decisions against AL Central opponents this season.
"He's the best pitcher I've ever had," manager Jim Leyland said. "I'll leave it at that."
Victor Martinez hit a three-run homer for AL Central-leading Detroit, buoyed by its longest winning streak since September 1968. Miguel Cabrera had two doubles, walked twice and scored two runs.
"(Martinez's homer) allowed me to go out there and be aggressive," Verlander said. "That's probably the reason I was able to go seven innings."
Gavin Floyd (12-11) gave up four runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings, falling to 6-2 with a 3.68 ERA in 17 career starts against Detroit.
Brent Morel doubled and walked twice for Chicago. Alex Rios had three singles.
"When you face a pitcher of that caliber you've got to get it done before he starts to make his pitch," White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen said. "He throws every pitch in any count. The guy throws 98 and he'll throw you a 3-2 breaking ball. I don't think you can do much about that."
Former Olympic wrestler and undefeated MMA fighter Ben Askren had been sure for some time that he was the best welterweight in the world. He'd dominated the Bellator ranks and looked to be getting better each fight out.
The only thing was, without fighting in the world's best and most popular MMA organization, the UFC, Askren was sure to not get recognition he felt he rightfully deserved.
His success appeared to be an obstacle to getting a timely shot at the UFC, however, since it seemed unlikely that Bellator would let their best fighter go. And then, they did.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
With that, Askren and his management began conversations with the UFC and it was pretty much taken for granted that "Funky" Ben would be offered a contract by the UFC and get his chance to prove himself against the likes of Georges St. Pierre and Johny Hendricks at the top of the promotion's welterweight division.
But then, inexplicably, the UFC passed on Askren and let one of the best fighters in the world walk away. The UFC's passing on Askren seemed almost as inexplicable as Bellator's, and the fighter was left without a fighting home.
Askren is still a bit shocked that he and the UFC did not come to terms. "Yeah, it was crazy that it didn't work out," he admits to Cagewriter.
The outspoken Askren also concedes that his past, and quite public, criticism of Dana White and the UFC while he was signed with Bellator, probably didn't help his chances with the promotion.
"Man, some of the things I said probably didn't help," he says.
"They do like to have company people. I've never been a guy to pull punches or not speak my mind. It probably wasn't the biggest factor [to the UFC] but probably also not something they totally dismissed. Luckily, ONE FC came along and everything worked out great."
Story continues
Askren signed with the Singapore-based MMA promotion and seemed ecstatic about their treatment of him and the pay, thus far. What remained to be seen was who, exactly, Askren would first fight and how fighting for the top Asian MMA promotion would help him fulfill his career goals.
As for the first question, Askren will face Azerbaijani prospect Bakhtiyar Abbasov in the main event of ONE FC's May 30 card in Singapore. The answer to the second one would appear to be more complicated.
For years, Askren called out UFC welterweight kingpin Georges St. Pierre. The four-time All-American wrestler seemed to want to be in the UFC for the sole purpose of proving to the rest of the world that he was the best fighter on the planet by fighting the top welterweights out there.
ONE FC may provide Askren with exciting new opportunities in the ring because of their rule-set, and they may treat him well, but has the Duke Roufus team member had to give up on his MMA goals to sign with the fledgling organization?
"I have the same goals in MMA for myself that I had since day one," Askren explains.
"I just want to win every fight that I have. I want to win every fight I'm in. I want to clear out every opponent I face. That's always been my goal and it still is. I want to continue dominating. Obviously, I had a string of decisions and I wasn't a good finisher for awhile. But in my last few fights I think I've proven that I'm a much more well-rounded fighter."
Askren will count on that well-rounded strength of his to face a host of unknowns in his new fighting home. First off, his just-announced opponent is a mystery to Askren.
Askren knows that his opponent's home-country produces great wrestlers and that his rival has fought at middleweight. That's pretty much it.
"No, I don't know anything about him," Askren admits.
"I'm not really worried about the weight factor. Usually with guys who have never made a lower weight, it's more of an issue for them than an advantage."
Now that he does have an opponent for his ONE FC debut, Askren will study him, but only to a point.
"I will study to a certain extent, but I think people over-do that," he says.
"I like to study an opponent just to see one or two things that they do really well and to make a game plan for myself, but that's it."
Everything from Askren's last weeks of training camp, to fight week and even fight night will now change with his fighting in Asia at ONE FC. Askren will continue to train with his teammates and coaches at Rufous Sport in Milwaukee up until the final few weeks of camp, at which point he will fly over to Singapore early to get acclimated to the time change and close out his camp at Evolve MMA.
However, Askren will not have any of his home-coaches with him during that time or even on fight night. The life-long competitor isn't worried, though.
"My coaches are going to be busy coaching some other guys so I'm not taking any coaches with me," he says.
"I will take my good friend [and UFC fighter] Alan Belcher out with me. He has a ton of experience. And, the coaches at Evolve are good so I will rely on them a little bit."
Askren has trained at the Evolve MMA gym before and has high praise for their staff. They will not, of course, know him as eel as the coaches he's worked with for years.
The fighter knows that, ultimately, his success or failure rests on his shoulders alone. By fight night, his coaches will have given him all they could, and the rest will be up to him.
"I've been in so many competitions that I'm ready compete. I know what to do," he explains.
"It's even something I preach to my little kids that I coach. They are as young as 4th grade to 8th grade. I tell them, 'If, for some reason, I'm not at your tournament or I'm not in your corner, you know how to wrestle. You don't need me to wrestle." It's about building self-reliance. In wrestling you'll never know what youre going to encounter so you've just got to be ready for anything."
Follow Elias on Twitter @EliasCepeda & @YahooCagewriter
Hackers linked to Russian government agencies targeted The New York Times this month in an apparent effort to extract intelligence about US political system, CNN first reported Tuesday.
The FBI has started an investigation into the attempted breach of the Times and other US news organizations. But, Eileen Murphy, a spokeswoman for the newspaper, said Tuesday the hackers were not successful.
“We have seen no evidence that any of our internal systems, including our systems in the Moscow bureau, have been breached or compromised,” said Ms. Murphy.
The cyberattack comes just two months after Russian intelligence agencies were suspected of stealing emails from the Democratic National Convention (DNC), according to outside experts. If Russia is behind these efforts, they indicate the Kremlin's attempts to influence the US political system ahead of the Nov. 8 elections. Yet, while the leak of 20,000 emails from the DNC could be Russia's attempt to embarrass the United States, the attempted breach of news organizations suggests Russian efforts to further understand American politics.
"This is what cyber conflict actually looks like," James Lewis, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), a Washington think tank, told The Christian Science Monitor earlier this month. “The problem in the US is we're very militarized, so we tend to think about attacking infrastructure. The Russian approach is much more political and about trying to manipulate public opinion."
CNN first reported the FBI investigation of the attempted breach of the Times, citing an unnamed official.
“Investigators so far believe that Russian intelligence is likely behind the attacks and that Russian hackers are targeting news organizations as part of a broader series of hacks that also have focused on Democratic Party organizations, the officials said,” writes CNN's Evan Perez and Shimon Prokupecz. “US intelligence officials believe the picture emerging from the series of recent intrusions is that Russian spy agencies are using a wave of cyberattacks, including against think-tanks in Washington, to gather intelligence from a broad array of non-governmental organizations with windows into the US political system.”
Reporters hold a trove of information that could be valuable to foreign intelligence. Reporters have contacts in government, as well communications and unpublished work with sensitive information, CNN reported.
This isn't the first time the Times has been the target of a cyberattack. In 2013, hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army attacked them and other media outlets. That year, Chinese hackers also infiltrated the Times.
But this incident, in addition to infiltration of DNC emails, shows Russian motivations for cyber espionage are different from their Chinese counterparts, as The Christian Science Monitor's Howard LaFranchi wrote in the wake of the leaked DNC emails in June.
The spotlight the leak has thrown on Russia – warranted or not – underscores how different countries have different targets with their spying. Russia comes under suspicion partly because the DNC case reflects the Kremlin's global campaign to influence political outcomes – as opposed to say, China's focus on hacking as an economic tool. “China is all about its global rise based on its economy, and we can see that fixation in the cases we've seen” of hacking into corporations and focusing efforts on accessing corporations' intellectual property, says Fiona Hill, director of the Brookings Institution's Center on the US and Europe. Russia's cyber focus has evolved. “The Russians at one point a number of years ago were also focused on their economic aspirations,” she adds, “but now they're back to the old political space and are very much working from the playbill of the KGB in the cold war days.”
Kremlin has denied it was involved in the DNC email leak. But, intelligence officials suspect two Russian intelligence agencies, the FSB and the GRU, were behind it, according to The New York Times. The FSB is the successor to the KGB, while the GRU is Russia's head military intelligence unit. President Obama has not publicly said the Kremlin was involved, but Obama noted outside experts and suggested why it would be in Russian President Vladimir Putin's interest to breach DNC emails.
Hackers have also targeted the computer systems of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Republican party organizations, sources have told Reuters.
If Russia is behind it, this type of political manipulation is reminiscent of covert campaigns to divide the British Labor Party in the 1980s to serve Russian interests, said Dr. Hill of the Brookings Institution.
"The difference today is that such efforts no longer require human intelligence or old-style on-the-ground, cloak-and-dagger methods," writes the Monitor's LaFranchi.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“Now, with social media, you don't need to have agents underground,” said Hill.
This report contains material from the Associated Press and Reuters.
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon's recent attack on Bitcoin, which saw it slump in time with the Bitcoin exchanges banning announcements from China, is starting to unravel.
Dimon called Bitcoin a ‘fraud' and said if he caught anyone trading it they would be fired from his company. However, it has since emerged that there's a lot of hypocrisy and conflict of interest in these statements.
JPMorgan has already shown that it does indeed have an interest in cryptocurrency and Blockchain technology, as at the same time this attack was being waged by its boss, it was also advertising for Blockchain professionals.
Further hypocrisy
To go along with this confusing approach to cryptocurrencies and Blockchain technology, it has emerged that Bart Stephens, a tech VC, and co-founder and managing partner of San Francisco-based venture capital firm Blockchain Capital, was invited to give a talk at JPMorgan, San Francisco.
“While Jamie Dimon was making those comments, I was an invited speaker at JP Morgan's offices in San Francisco to give a talk with other fund managers and clients of JP Morgan who are really curious about cryptocurrencies and the underlying Blockchain technology," says Stephens. "So there's a lot of hypocrisy going on with Jamie Dimon,"
‘Do some homework, Jamie'
Stephens says that Dimon's comments discounting the significance of Bitcoin were reflective of his lack of understanding of the technology's potential.
Many have speculated that Dimon's comments were a ploy to try and affect the market price of Bitcoin, however, that's impossible to prove. The amount of confusion and hypocrisy coming from JPMorgan however does make one wonder.
Stephens is still of the opinion that Dimon is simply being ignorant:
"The Blockchain and cryptocurrencies have elicited an emotional response from financial incumbents. The technology is controversial and misunderstood, but that doesn't make it any less real," he said.
What a perfect idea for a budget Halloween costume for any college student (or any frugal Star Wars geek) to wear this year.
These are the shapes I cut out of them to use. Pieces A and B are cut from the first milk jug and then piece C is cut from the second milk jug. This really was a prototype, so next time I think I'd go for a taller piece as section C. I guess it depends on the size of the head you're making it for though.I used hot hotglue, rather than the low temp stuff, in order to try and secure the pieces together more firmly. As you can see, piece A was the lower front and sides of the helmet and piece C is the front of the helmet from the nose up. The pouring top part of the milk jug had to be cut off to make piece C, so to cover up that and make the helmet a bit more aesthetically pleasing I cut out the circular indent from the side bit that was left over from first milk jug. This fitted in nicely to fill that hole.Try it on and double-check the positioning of the Eyeholes. (note= Make sure they're ascetically pleasing, and usable for vision.)I hole punched the back of the two protruding side panels so that I could put in elastic to hold it on. It's not a "full helmet", but it is significantly more than a mask. I then glued the two lids of the milk jugs on either side of the mouth part.I had a can of white spray paint, so I used that on it. You could paint it with acrylic craft paint though, or if you are smart then you could deliberately get the totally opaque white milk jugs to start with!Here it is painted up with black, white and grey craft paint. I decided at the last minute to put the ear cover things on (they are made from the bottom plastic sections from the containers you get from the 50cent toy dispensers. The horizontal black line around the forehead is just a strip of black electrical tape.Posted to imgur via filthwizardry
Crown Publishers
Former President George W. Bush's memoir, "Decision Points," will include "gripping, never-before-heard detail" about the Bush presidency, according to Crown Publishers, which is releasing the book. The presidential memoir will hit bookshelves on November 9th, just days after the midterm elections.
Crown has revealed details of the book as well as its cover, which shows a pensive looking Mr. Bush, holding a briefing book, looking off into the distance while standing in the Rose Garden Colonnade. (See at left.)
"Decision Points" will be structured around 14 "critical and historic" decisions made by the former president, both political (his response to the Sept. 11 attacks and the contentions 2000 election) and personal (his decision to quit drinking and "discovery of faith").
''Since leaving the Oval Office, President Bush has given virtually no interviews or public speeches about his presidency,'' Crown said in a statement. ''Instead, he has spent almost every day writing 'Decision Points,' a strikingly personal and candid account revealing how and why he made the defining decisions in his consequential presidency and personal life.''
A source tells the Associated Press that Mr. Bush, who has indeed maintained a low-profile since leaving the White House, has finished the first draft of the book and that it is now in the editing process.
In its statement, Crown said Mr. Bush ''writes honestly and directly about his flaws and mistakes," while also discussing "his historic achievements in reforming education, providing life-saving treatments for HIV/AIDS and malaria for millions of people in Africa, safeguarding the country from another terrorist attack, and other areas.''
Continues the statement: "President Bush brings readers inside the Texas Governor's Mansion on the night of the hotly contested 2000 election; aboard Air Force One on 9/11 in the gripping hours after America's most devastating attack since Pearl Harbor; inside the Situation Room in the moments before launching the war in Iraq; and behind the Oval Office desk for his historic and controversial decisions on the financial crisis, Hurricane Katrina, Afghanistan, Iran, and other issues that have shaped the first decade of the 21st century."
Mr. Bush is planning a book tour, though details have not been released. The memoir will have a list price of $35 (though it can be had for less), and 1,000 signed and clothbound special editions will be made available $350.
Former first lady Laura Bush's memoir "Spoken from the Heart" will be released on May 4th. Former Bush adviser Karl Rove's memoir, "Courage and Consequences," was released last month, and former Vice President Dick Cheney is working on a memoir as well. That book is expected to be hit stores next year.
A PALESTINIAN teenager is using social media to give a devastatingly frightening insight into the situation in Gaza.
16-year-old Farah Baker, who goes under the name Farah Gazan on Twitter, is amassing thousands of followers and re-tweets on Twitter after sharing a night of her private terror from her bedroom as rockets fell through Gaza overnight.
“I might die tonight,” she wrote.
The teenager tweets furiously between attacks; posting video footage and sound grabs of bombs and missiles as they fly through the air and hit unsuspecting targets.
EIGHT CHILDREN DEAD, MISSILE SLAMS INTO UN PLAYGROUND
Yet some have debated the validity of Baker's tweets, with some arguing the teenager is in it for the extra followers. Others though, have begged her to keep tweeting.
“Lets hope this keeps up, that she survives tonight,” wrote Christina Greig.
But Baker has been blogging about her life in Gaza since 2012. In her last post, Baker wrote, “I want to speak about what is happening these days in Gaza. We cannot leave our houses because it's dangerous outside.”
Bloodshed in and around Gaza has surged today with strikes killing 13 Palestinians, a day after five Israeli soldiers died, shattering hopes for an end to three weeks of violence.
News.com.au have reached out for comment.
Smoke of a bomb seen from my home now #Gaza pic.twitter.com/9DJeHbpbjz — Guess what (@Farah_Gazan) July 29, 2014
3:04am it should be too dark but as u can see flares turned darkness into light #Gaza https://t.co/SF3buL7eC1 — Guess what (@Farah_Gazan) July 29, 2014
Whenever my 6 yrs old sis hear the rocket falling she covers her ears and shout while crying in order not to hear the bomb #Gaza #AJAGAZA — Guess what (@Farah_Gazan) July 28, 2014
We are sitting in darkness bc th power is off, flares r lightening up th area just like it's midday,we're just hearin bombs,drones,f16s#Gaza — Guess what (@Farah_Gazan) July 28, 2014
Watch how do flares light up the buildings #Gaza https://t.co/kyfsu3JXik — Guess what (@Farah_Gazan) July 28, 2014
This is one of the hundreds bombs that I'm hearing #Gaza YOU MUST LISTEN http://t.co/WoYszAHzDu — Guess what (@Farah_Gazan) July 28, 2014
-youngma@news.com.au
Two men have been charged with first-degree murder in connection with the death of a man who succumbed to his injuries hours after showing up at a Montreal hospital with stab wounds during the Thanksgiving long weekend.
The victim, 26-year-old Charles Robitaille, was brought to a downtown hospital just before 3 a.m. on Monday and died a short while later. Based on information provided by the people who brought Robitaille to the hospital, the Montreal police major crimes division opened its investigation at the intersection of Berri and Ontario Sts. A large area surrounding the intersection was closed off to traffic for hours on Monday while police investigated.
Police made a first arrest in the case Monday afternoon, and a second suspect was apprehended a short while later. The men made a brief appearance before a Quebec Court judge at the Montreal courthouse Tuesday afternoon. Both of the 19-year-olds — Yasar Aykin, of Montreal, and Mikael Etienne, a resident of St-Léonard — were charged with first-degree murder, an indication that police suspect the slaying was planned and deliberate. The charge comes with an automatic life sentence with parole eligibility set at 25 years upon conviction. According to Montreal police spokesperson Const. Jean-Pierre Brabant, the suspects will be detained until their next court date.
“What we can say is that with all the information gathered, including (footage) from (security) cameras that was viewed by investigators and the information from witnesses, we were able to identify suspects and locate them,” Brabant said.
He was unable to say whether Robitaille knew the men who allegedly stabbed him. He said the death involved an altercation, but was unable to say what might have provoked it.
At the time of his arrest, Aykin was facing a charge for simple drug possession, also at the Montreal courthouse. He was scheduled to have a court date on the drug possession charge on Tuesday.
pcherry@postmedia.com
Share
Despite the tough challenges currently facing his SpaceX company, Elon Musk has made clear that he's as determined as ever to get humans on Mars in the next 10 years.
“I'm certain that success is one of the possible outcomes for establishing a self-sustaining Mars colony, a growing Mars colony,” the SpaceX chief said in a recent interview with Y Combinator, adding that up until just a few years ago he wouldn't have been able to make the same claim.
Musk said that getting “a meaningful number of people” to Mars “can be accomplished in about 10 years, maybe sooner, maybe nine years.”
He first mooted the idea of a manned mission to Mars by 2026 at an event at the start of the year.
“Do we want a future where we are forever confined to one planet until some eventual extinction event, however far in the future that might occur?” Musk said at the tech gathering in Hong Kong. “Or do we want to become a multi-fantasy species and then ultimately be out there among the stars, and be among many planets, many star systems? I think the latter is a far more exciting and inspiring future than the former.”
The South African-born entrepreneur told Y Combinator that while he understands that his long-term goal of deep space travel is highly ambitious, he came to “a conclusion that if something didn't happen to improve rocket technology, we'd be stuck on Earth forever,” adding that the big aerospace companies “had no interest in innovation.”
Beyond Mars?
And Elon Musk's ambitions don't stop at the red planet. Raising the bar even higher, Musk tweeted on Friday that SpaceX's heavy-duty Mars Colonial Transporter (MCT) – the under-development reusable rocket system set to take crew and cargo to Mars – is more capable than everyone first realized.
“Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name,” Musk wrote in the tweet. Shortly after, and following reams of suggestions from his 5.3 million followers, he said he'd decided to rename it the “Interplanetary Transport System (ITS).”
At this stage we don't know a great deal about the MCT, or ITS as it's now called, though it's possible Musk could offer up some new tidbits at next week's International Astronautical Congress, where he'll be one of the main speakers.
Elon Musk's space project recently took a serious hit when one of its Falcon 9 rockets suddenly exploded on a Cape Canaveral launchpad during a fueling operation. The cause of the incident, which could keep SpaceX rockets grounded for months, is still being investigated.
But keen to remind everyone of his team's determination to make tangible progress toward its goal, Musk told Y Combinator, “People sometimes think technology just automatically gets better every year, but actually it doesn't. It only gets better if smart people work like crazy to make it better.”
About 40 years ago, my brothers and sisters and I used to get a lift in the back of my grandfather's Land Rover – and we used to love it, because we could tell it was a fairly lethal way to travel. It was an ancient machine, so decrepit that the ignition key had been replaced by baler twine. The headlights were smashed. One front wheel arch was missing. The bumper was stoved in from the time the handbrake had come off and it ran down a hill into the house. The roof was squashed from the time it was nuzzled by a cow – I promise this is true – over a 10ft drop, and we found it on its back with all four wheels in the air.
It belched black clouds from the red diesel it loved to guzzle, and in the hands of my grandfather I suppose there are some who would have called it a positive death trap. In his later years, he took a relaxed view of the laws on drink-driving, and on at least two occasions after coming back from the pub, at past midnight, he had to be towed from the Exe – then thankfully not in flood – after he mysteriously turned left too early and failed to find the bridge. He was fine, of course, sleeping soundly as the sweet dark waters gurgled around him.
We loved the savage romance of the vehicle, the terrifying way it would almost tilt over as we went on the side of a hill, the surge of the revs as we tried to get through a bog. If some jobsworth police officer or other emanation of the state had interrupted our fun, and told my grandfather that he was risking our lives – well, I think we would have been disgusted and appalled.
And if this bossyboots official had told us that the peril came not from the smashed-up old Land Rover, but from the aromatic and fitful combustion of Three Nuns tobacco in my grandfather's sputum-filled pipe, I think we would have been utterly amazed.
It never occurred to us that there could be some danger involved, on those fleeting occasions when the gale carried some whiff of smoke in our direction. We had never heard of passive smoking. The pipe was part of my grandfather's life and personality, and the smell of tobacco was part of the ritual of going in his machine.
So I expect that for many people of my generation, there is something bizarre and intrusive about the notion of the Government telling us that we may no longer smoke in the privacy of our own cars. I mean, if you can't smoke in your own car, in the presence of children, then why should you be allowed to smoke in the presence of children anywhere? What about the bathroom? What about the kitchen, or any other enclosed space? The logic of this proposal is surely to allow the state to invigilate our behaviour in our own private property – and some people may legitimately wonder where it will end.
All this is to say, in short, that I understand those fine libertarian objections; and I wish to remind my fellow free spirits that this column is normally the last bastion of liberty. I have campaigned against mandatory health warnings on wine bottles and mandatory ski helmets and mandatory booster seats for children under a certain height. I have spoken out against a ban on everything from fox hunting to the right of every freeborn Englishman to make a call on his mobile while cycling.
In this case, I fully acknowledge the objections of my fellow libertarians. If we ban smoking while children are in the car, we create another offence that the police will have to enforce; we create a new category of criminal; and above all we take away personal responsibility from all those who should know better.
Surely to goodness, you might say, people these days are aware of the problem of passive smoking? Surely all smokers know that they shouldn't be puffing away in a car, while the pink defenceless lungs of children are sucking in the evil vapours?
Alas, I am afraid that people either don't know, or don't care enough. I have spent too much time in the past few years talking to doctors and to public health experts to have the slightest doubt about this one. Smoking is a massive killer in this country. It is still the biggest cause of preventable death in Britain – even though obesity is now puffing to catch up. Smoking causes cancer, heart disease, stroke, emphysema, you name it. Too many young people, especially young women, are taking it up without any real understanding of the risks, and when they do understand the risks they are akratic – they just can't help themselves.
All the studies I have seen say the same: the greater the restrictions you place on smoking, the less tobacco is consumed, and the fewer deaths you have – especially from heart disease. Of course I don't want the state nosing into our homes, but there are millions of children who are being unfairly exposed to tobacco smoke in cars that do not have the great rents in the canvas and other picturesque ventilation systems of my grandfather's Land Rover. They cannot protest, and very often the smoker in the vehicle lacks the will to stub it out.
This law would give that smoker an extra legal imperative to obey their conscience and do the right thing. And no, I don't think it would involve the police in a huge new anti-car-smoking task force, diverting them from dealing with robbery. This is one of those measures like the alcohol ban on London's buses, which has helped bring down bus crime 40 per cent in the past six years: it is largely enforced by the natural social pressure of disapproval backed by law.
So I apologise to all my libertarian chums: I am afraid on this one I am firmly with the bossyboots brigade. Ban smoking with children in the car. It is a disgusting thing to do and endangers their health. The proposal before Parliament is a good one that will save lives.
I was reminded once again this past weekend how much we dog owners don't know about missing pets. That's not a judgement in any way, just an observation. So few of us really know or understand what happens to a pet when they become lost.
This past weekend someone asked me why any lost dog would not just go to their owner once they saw them. It's a good question. I think most of us just assume that our own dogs would come running to us as soon as they saw us. After all, we've cared for them, fed them, cuddled with them and loved them. But, sadly that is not the case for every lost dog – even your lost dog.
I first read this story (“Dog Lost for Four Months Recognizes Family by Whistle“) on Life With Dogs back in October. It's a good example of how a lost dog can become confused and disoriented when they are lost for several days or months. Luna, the dog in the story, was missing for four months. When her family finally found her again, she didn't recognize them, and even walked away from them when they arrived to be reunited with her. It took two days, six visits and a distinctive whistle by the owner, for her to realize it was them. What had been a puzzling circumstance finally resulted in a happy reunion for all.
As many of us already know, not all dogs are created equal (if they were our lives would be pretty boring!). Some dogs are happy-go-lucky, love people and other dogs, while others are much more wary and unsure. Puppy mill dogs are especially wary of strangers. They're also more skittish. They are less likely to stick around and see if the human approaching them is “their” human or someone intending to harm them. As a result, they are much harder to catch and usually have to be trapped.
But a dog does not have to be a puppy mill dog to react this way. Many lost dogs tend to go into “survival mode”. They are frightened, unsure, hungry, tired (exhausted) and on constant alert. In many cases, they are fending for their lives. The longer they live in this state the less likely they are to recognize their owner on sight – and in fact, they are less likely to stick around and wait to see if the person approaching them is their owner.
A year ago this week, my foster dog, Cupcake, was missing. As a lost dog and owner, Cupcake and I had a lot going against us finding one another again – she was a puppy mill dog, had only been with me a little over a month, and was frightened of strangers. She was dodging traffic, coyotes and people in the twelve days she was missing. Talk about being in survival mode – she was definitely in it.
When we finally were able to see each other again it was at a warehouse loading dock. Even as people blocked all her avenues of escape, she continued to run back and forth, trying to find a way out. I was standing right there and she didn't even recognize me. I called her name and she kept running. I asked if she wanted to go home to see Daisy and Jasper (my other two dogs) and she stopped for a second, then kept running – she was in survival mode, searching for a way out.
It wasn't until I sat down with my body turned sideways from her, with my head bowed down and avoided eye contact with her, that she came close enough to smell me. I still remember the moment she started to realize it was me. She lifted her nose to the air and sniffed me. Then she moved closer and sniffed again. When she finally got close enough to really sniff me, and to hear my voice, she sighed. It was at that very moment she realized it was me. She leaned into me. She finally knew she was safe.
All lost dogs act differently. As owners, we need to know that before our pet goes missing.
We need to know that chasing a lost dog is one of the worst things we can do. It only reaffirms to the dog that people should be avoided.
So what should you do when you encounter a lost dog or your own lost dog?
Sit down.
Turn your body so your back or side is to the dog.
Keep your eyes averted and bow your head so as to look non-threatening.
Toss tasty treats (hot dogs, chicken, smelly cheese, etc.) behind you or to the side of you.
Don't talk.
Wait patiently for the dog to approach you. Don't make any sudden movements, but continue to toss treats.
Don't grab the dog when they get close, but wait patiently and build trust.
Speak softly, but if they back away, stop talking and just continue to toss treats until they trust you enough to come closer.
As a dog owner, it pays to know what to do if your dog becomes lost. Below are some sites with some great tips on what to do. I really encourage you to check them out.
Advertisements
Posted April 9, 2010 by Mehrdad in Choqok, PlanetKDE. 4 Comments
As a result of my previous post about speeding up Choqok development by community help, I have launched a BBPress forum to do the job.
Why forum?
We need a platform to discuss about features and Ideas and their implementation as needed, And of course, It should be in a way that others (than me) can create entries.
Extendable platform may help us later.
It should be super light.
How do it work?
Someone starts a new topic in New Idea forum with information about what's in his/her mind to be implemented in Choqok. He/She announces it anywhere thinks that interested peoples can find it (i.e. Identi.ca) to get here and help us in development. Then We (Interested users and me) will discuss about it and it's implementation and will set the donation amount it requires to be implemented. Now we have to collect donation for it: Anyone who wants to have that feature sooner (and likes to help to its development) can donate to it. He/She should note in donation comment about what feature/idea he/she donates to! When donation is about to reach the requirement, I will start to implement the idea, and it's topic in forum will move to Under Development forum. still we can discuss about it there! And when them implementation is done! I'll announce it there and move topic to Implemented forum.
I have added some ideas there for example and to start this job,
You can add your ideas you want to donate to their implementation Or think that there are users who like to donate to their implementation.
When you add an idea or see an interested idea there, You can(better to) spread the word and tell other users about it, to donate for it and have it sooner.
There are 4 different forums there:
New Idea – Add your ideas here, We will discuss about them and I announce the donation amount to implement them!
This is the main forum to discuss, Anyone can create a new topic(idea) to start.
– Add your ideas here, We will discuss about them and I announce the donation amount to implement them! This is the main forum to discuss, Anyone can create a new topic(idea) to start. Under Development
When new idea donated amount reached the required, I will move it to this forum, It's still open to discuss
But nobody can create a new topic here!
When new idea donated amount reached the required, I will move it to this forum, It's still open to discuss But nobody can create a new topic here! Implemented – Ideas will come here after they've implemented!
When implementation of an idea is done and pushed to svn/git repository, It's topic will move here from Under Development forum.
This forum is read only too!
– Ideas will come here after they've implemented! When implementation of an idea is done and pushed to svn/git repository, It's topic will move here from Under Development forum. This forum is read only too! Free Discussion – If you want to discuss about other Choqok related topics, come here
This forum is just open to contain other Choqok related discussions!
Of course this is not the only way to continue Choqok development! We will have previous developments as well! But we want to make the process faster.
OK, Let's Begin…
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Advertisements
First Set Photo
Construction has begun in Obertilliach, Austria, for Bond 24 location filming in January or February next year.
Share The Story
As MI6 reported last month, some scenes for Bond 24 will be filmed on location in Austria, near the border with Italy.
Local newspaper Kleine Zeitung got the first glimpse at the preparation work already underway in the South West of the country. The tiny municipality of Obertilliach in Tyrol - population 693 - will see 007 in action in January or February next year.
According to reports, a small team of 10-12 crew members are constructing a temporary building on the outskirts of Obertilliach that will either be blown up or see a plane crash in to it during the film.
Around 3 days of filming on Bond 24 is expected to take place in the nearby tiny picturesque mountain town which sits at an elevation of almost 5,000 feet.
Daniel Craig's 007 previously visited Bregenz, Austria, in 2008's 'Quantum of Solace' for the opera sequence. Project manager Ernst Vogl from the Austrian Film Commission, who is understood to be heading up the efforts in Obertilliach, also worked on 'Quantum of Solace'.
Locals are not sure whether Obertilliach will be mentioned by name in Bond 24, or merely double for another location. The production recently dropped their original plans for Norway due to financial considerations. Either way, the locals will welcome the lucrative tourism boost that inevitably follows 007.
Bond 24 starts principal photography on December 6th, 2014.
You Might Also Like
Share The Story
In case you thought the hubbub sparked by Edward Snowden's National Security Agency leaks last year had died down, new data about the number of information requests the NSA has received in the past 10 months begs to differ.
From the time Snowden went public last June through March 2014, the NSA has received more than 5,200 document requests under the Freedom of Information Act, according to an investigation by Al Jazeera America. Even when the initial surge of FOIA requests are disregarded, the intelligence agency has still be receiving, on average, three times the number of monthly information requests it had been getting the previous year.
Among the hundreds of pages of logs the NSA released to Al Jazeera, this clear spike in post-Snowden requests is immediately apparent. Thousands of request from journalists, government watchdog groups, transparency advocates, and concerned citizens reveal a heightened public interest in all sorts of NSA matters.
A lot of the FOIA requests pertain to matters relevant to the Snowden affair. There are many inquiries about Internet bandwidth consumption, the agency's massive and controversial Utah metadata facility, and contracts with Snowden's former employer, Booz Allen Hamilton.
“We have received over 5,200 requests since June 6, 2013,” said Pamela Phillips, the NSA's FOIA chief.
“We received just over 800 requests for the same period last year. For the one-year period from June 2012 through May 2013, we received an average of 83 requests per month. Since June 2013, we've received an average of 521 requests per month. Omitting June through August, which were extremely high, the monthly average for September 2013 through March 2014 is 283 — more than three times what it was in prior years.”
Requests exploded the very day Snowden's leaks were first published in the Guardian by Glenn Greenwald. But despite the increased and sustained demand on the NSA's FOIA officers, a request for additional staff has not been granted. As a result, inquiries are taking months to process. The very FOIA request Al Jazeera filed seeking the FOIA logs took nearly five months to get a response, though that partly had to do with waiting for the agency to declassify the logs and block out sensitive information.
The logs do not reveal detail about every inquiry. Citing a privacy exemption, the agency withheld information about requests from people seeking information about themselves. According to the NSA, these types of requests make up the bulk of FOIA entreaties since Snowden went public.
The FOIA logs don't detail how the NSA responded to all the requests. However, a report from McClatchy in February stated that the NSA has invoked a blanket policy of issuing “Glomars” to any person asking whether or not they've been spied on by the agency. Glomars are responses that indicate the agency can neither confirm nor deny the existence of the requested records. The term refers to a legal precedent set in a case regarding media coverage of the CIA's Glomar Explorer ship in the 1970s.
This policy has been met with outrage by many individuals, but the NSA says it's necessary. If the NSA were to reveal which citizens have been spied on, Phillips said that would establish a precedent in which the agency would be expected to give over information to individuals it considers enemies.
For nearly a year now, the Snowden leaks have fueled an ongoing debate about privacy rights and national security in this country. Many privacy advocates—from journalists to legal experts to members of congress—have expressed concern about the secretive way federal intelligence agencies have expanded their reach since 9/11.
In January, President Barack Obama announced a slate of modest NSA reforms, while continuing to deny amnesty for Snowden. The former NSA contractor remains in Russia on a one-year temporary asylum, still seeking permanent asylum in some other country.
Photo by Sherrlock/Flickr
Oscar-winning actor to voice new engine Ryan, in next feature length spin-off from the popular kids' train series of books and TV shows
Eddie Redmayne's first post-Oscar project has been announced: he is to join the cast of the new Thomas the Tank Engine movie, Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure.
Having won the best actor Oscar for playing Stephen Hawking in The Theory of Everything, Redmayne is voicing the role of Ryan, a new engine character who, according to the Thomas the Tank Engine wikia is “overconfident and dismissive” and “takes over for Thomas when Thomas is sent to work on another branch line”.
In a statement, Redmayne said: “I jumped at the opportunity to get involved and what fun it was ... I have never voiced an animated character before, and I had a complete blast.”
Redmayne's co-stars in Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure include John Hurt, who provides the voice of Sailor John, and Jamie Campbell Bower who takes on the sailing vessel Skiff. Hurt said: “Sailor John was something of a departure from what I usually do and a lot of fun to play.”
My Oscars adventure: parties, film cliques and selfies with Eddie Redmayne Read more
Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure will run at around 60 minutes, and will be the second longer-length Thomas special to be released this year, following the 45-minute The Adventure Begins, due for the spring. Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure is scheduled for DVD and VOD release in September, but like 2014's Take of the Brave is likely also to have a short cinema run.
So you already like learning Japanese with dramas.
Another great way to improve your Japanese is to watch Japanese movies.
Of course, it's not just about watching the movies.
To get the most out of them, you need to pay close attention, write down new words and phrases, and study.
But it's much more fun than cramming vocabulary from a textbook, and that fun translates into more motivation to keep you going.
Why Learn Languages through Movies and Films?
There are several advantages to learning a language through movies rather than textbooks.
First of all, you're learning real, natural Japanese the way it's actually spoken. Or at least the way it's spoken in movies, but that's real enough. You get to see the language in context, which leads to a deeper understanding of it. This includes gestures, facial expressions, conversational etiquette, and social customs and that are also part of a language.
Movies also give you a wide variety speakers to listen to. You're exposed to different accents, registers, styles and ways of speaking. You may also get different sets of vocabulary, depending on what kind of film you're watching.
The wonders of our technological age make it easier than ever to learn through movies. Thanks to the miracle of DVDs, you don't have to rewind or fast-forward and you have total control over the viewing experience. You can start and stop wherever you'd like and you can have subtitles if you need them so that you're not completely lost.
Movies are just simply good fun. While you're practicing listening comprehension and expanding your vocabulary, you're also enjoying a good flick. When learning is fun, you're naturally more motivated to keep studying.
And finally, you learn about Japanese culture. If you really want to communicate and connect with Japanese speakers, then it really helps to know more about Japanese film.
How to Study Japanese through Movies
There are a number of different ways to go about studying with movies.
As I mentioned before, you may want to go with subtitles the first time you watch a film so that you're not completely lost within the first five minutes. Movies aren't as much fun to watch when you're confused about what's going on.
After a first viewing with subtitles, you can watch the movie again without them or break it up into chunks. For example, you can watch a scene at a time, going back and playing it until you have a handle on what the characters are saying.
Perhaps the most effective (but most intense) way to study is to fully digest and review every word. I recommend this for intermediate or advanced Japanese learners. Otherwise, you're going to be stopping the movie a lot. This involves looking up new words, getting a solid grasp of how they're used, and regularly reviewing them, either in your notebook or through a flashcard app.
The disadvantage with this method is that it requires a ton of discipline. Whenever you encounter a new word, you'll have to identify the sound, and look it up in your dictionary. You'll spend a lot of time and energy organizing your learning, rather than actually learning. If you'd like to be more efficient, you might want to check out FluentU, which was designed to address exactly this problem.
FluentU lets you learn Japanese with real-world videos like movie trailers, commercials, news, and inspiring talks. It lets you focus on learning Japanese, rather than managing your flashcards or looking things up in the dictionary. It features interactive captions and a video player designed for learning Japanese. It tops this off with a review system which takes full advantage of the video library.
If you're going to study through movies, commit to it. Spend a little time each day reviewing and watching more. It doesn't really matter if you watch your movies all the way until the end. As in all things language learning, what's most important is that you have a habit that you can stick to.
Improving Your Speaking with Movies
Obviously, your listening comprehension is going to get better from watching movies. But ideally, you want your speaking to improve as well. When I studied Japanese through movies, I wrote down each new word or phrase and drilled them. For phrases, I would put my own words into the phrase to practice using it.
Another way to improve your speaking is to try shadowing. This means saying the word or phrase along with the character in the film. This is a real challenge if you're not a fluent Japanese speaker, but it's one way to help you remember words and phrases. Shadowing turns the passive viewing experience into something interactive. You'll also entertain everybody around you when they see you talking to the TV.
For me, it sometimes helped to spend a bit of time researching on phrases. An expression like yoroshiku onegaishimasu can have different meanings and uses. There isn't an exact word in English like it. This is why it's important to understand the social context. I paid especially close attention to words like this when I was watching movies.
Why Watch Classic Films
There are all kinds of movies or TV shows you can watch to study Japanese. It's always best to choose a genre or subject matter that you like, whether it's old samurai movies or modern-day anime.
I recommend watching classics and there are a few reasons why.
First of all, they tend to be good; that's why they're classics.
But secondly and more importantly, I think classics give you more of an insight into Japanese culture. That's another reason why they're classics. They go beyond the run-of-the-mill formulaic plot and present ideas and opinions in addition to a story.
10 Modern Classics for Japanese Learners
“Tampopo”
Tampopo is a classic Japanese comedy that tells the story of a run-down ramen shop's revitalization. In addition to the language, it gives you some pretty good insights into Japanese culture and especially its food obsession. The film's publicity jokingly calls it the world's first ramen western, a Japanese take on the American “spaghetti” Western.
“A Scene at the Sea”
A Scene at the Sea revolves around a deaf couple, so there's not a great deal of dialog and when there is talking, it's easy to follow. Although written and directed by Beat Kitano, who is known more for his violent gangster movies, A Scene at the Sea has no shoot-outs or violence. It's about a deaf garbage collector who is determined to learn to surf.
“Good Morning”
Good Morning is a Japanese film classic by Yasuhiro Ozu. It's a comedy about two young brothers who take a vow of silence in protest of their father's refusal to buy a TV. It gives a unique look at a rapidly changing Japan and does it in a humorous way. Since many of the film's characters are children, the Japanese is fairly easy to understand. The movie's simple plot also makes it an easy one to watch.
“Shall We Dance”
Shall We Dance is a classic with a lighthearted story that's easy to follow. It doesn't have any heavy dialects or particularly difficult Japanese. Of course, I mean the original version of the film, not the 2004 American remake with Richard Gere. The film is a romantic comedy about a man who becomes infatuated with a dance teacher and gets roped into taking ballroom dance classes.
“Godzilla”
You've probably seen Godzilla dubbed awkwardly into English. Well, the original Japanese version is great for sharpening your Japanese skills. The plot isn't too difficult to understand (giant radioactive monster destroys city) and there are long stretches where there is no dialog except Godzilla roaring. Plus, you can learn some handy vocabulary in case your city is ever besieged by a giant monster. The cheesiness factor also makes this a fun one.
“Tokyo Story”
Tokyo Story is a 1950s movie about a traditional Japanese couple who visit their young, busy children in modern Tokyo. In addition to helping with your Japanese, it offers a look at the generation gap in Japan that occurred after World War 2. Although it's fairly slow-paced, much of the action happens off camera. You only know what's going on through the dialog. I'd save this one for advanced study, but it's a really good movie (it's topped a number of the greatest classic film lists).
“Woman in the Dunes”
Woman in the Dunes is another film that can be found on many greatest movie lists. Although it's not a horror film, it's pretty eerie and disturbing. It's about a guy collecting insects who get trapped by some weird villagers in a sunken house, where he's doomed to shovel the encroaching sand out for all eternity. Or at least that's what I think it's about. I'm pretty sure it's a metaphor for the human condition. But you can watch it to study your Japanese and not worry about the philosophical implications too much. I found the dialog to be fairly easy to follow and pretty slow-paced.
“Kwaidan”
One more creepy film and then I promise we'll move on to something more light-hearted. Kwaidan is an anthology horror film from the 60s with four spooky stories. I don't recommend watching it late at night because it's not the creepy you're used to. It's Japanese-creepy. The dialog is slow and spare but because of the subject matter and because it uses slightly old-fashioned Japanese, it may be a bit tough to follow.
“Stray Dog”
If you thought Tango & Cash was a wild romp of a buddy cop movie, you haven't seen Stray Dog. This is hailed by many as the first buddy cop movie, but don't let that stop you from checking it out.
It's a film noir police drama by Akira Kurosawa and, like many of his great movies, it's overshadowed by his samurai films. In Stray Dog, Toshiro Mifune plays a rookie cop whose gun gets nabbed. He spends the movie running around in the post-war Tokyo underground with a seasoned older cop. Stray Dog is fairly fast-paced so you may have to stop it to understand the Japanese, but the plot will hold your interest.
“Adrift in Tokyo”
I don't know if this qualifies as a ‘classic' since it's only a few years old, but it's a great movie for studying Japanese and I'm sure it will be a classic in the years to come. Adrift in Tokyo is about a guy who can't repay the money he borrowed from the yakuza, so a loan shark says he'll cancel the debt if the guy walks around Tokyo with him and then turns himself in to the police. So, the film is basically the two walking around Tokyo talking. There's a great deal of very natural dialog and you also get to see quite a bit of the city.
And One More Thing…
If you love learning Japanese with movies, then I should also tell you about the the FluentU app.
Like the site, the FluentU app takes real-world videos like music videos, commercials, news, and inspiring talks and turns them into Japanese learning experiences. It naturally and gradually eases you into learning Japanese language and culture. You'll learn real Japanese as it's actually spoken.
The FluentU app has a broad range of engaging videos:
FluentU makes these native Japanese videos understandable with interactive transcripts. Tap on any word to look it up instantly.
Each definition has several examples, and they're all written for Japanese learners. You can add words you'd like to review to a vocab list.
FluentU's learn mode turns videos into language learning lessons. When answering questions, swipe left or right to see more examples.
The best part? FluentU keeps track of your vocabulary, and it suggests content and examples based on the words you're learning. You'll have a completely personalized experience.
The FluentU app is now available for iOS and Android devices, but it's also accessible as a website that you can use with your computer or tablet.
[UPDATE] MLS has taken down most of the new jersey images. Only the Union's home kit and away long sleeved jersey are available for viewing, currently.
Major League Soccer released 2011 jerseys and kits today and above is the new alternative/third kit for the Philadelphia Union.
Plenty of speculation placed the Union's third kit as sky blue, in the vein of the light blue color that the Sons of Ben have adopted as its own. Instead the jersey takes a different route, even from the Union's home and away versions, and stays clean cut. Only the shoulders have any real change to the plain white nature of the jersey, which is a stark difference to the many proposed by Union fans.
The most surprising (or disappointing?) part of today's release of MLS kits is that sky blue is being used by Sporting KC, not the Union.
So far the Twitter reaction to the jersey has seemed positive. Most Union fans are happy with the design and believe that the Bimbo sponsorship logo will mesh well with the design and colors.
(Photo: AP/John Minchillo)
The environmental policy debate between Democratic contenders Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton could soon become much more heated.
Leading up to Super Tuesday, a slew of contests that could make or break Bernie Sanders's candidacy, the Vermont senator has gone on the offensive on the surprising issue of fracking—the controversial method of drilling for natural gas. The campaign last week made several media buys in Minnesota and Colorado for a new ad that touts Sanders as the only candidate who firmly opposes fracking.
The fracking ads look like a last-ditch effort by Sanders, who was badly beaten by Clinton in the recent South Carolina primary, to differentiate himself from the former secretary of state. The ads tout Sanders as “the only candidate to oppose fracking.”
Fracking is the process of drilling into shale formations and injecting a cocktail of water, sand, and chemicals to create tiny fractures that access pockets of oil and natural gas. The process has helped fuel a natural gas extraction boom in the United States and made the nation the largest natural gas producer in the world. But it has also become a flashpoint for environmental outrage, due to research that links fracking with contamination of local water and air, and even with abnormal earthquakes.
Sanders's fracking ads appear designed peel away liberal support from Clinton, particularly in such states as Colorado and Minnesota, where fracking is hotly debated and which experts have said are must-wins for Sanders.
In the ads, Sanders has set out to link his constant attacks on Clinton for accepting big money from special interests to the hot-button issues of fracking and climate change. The ads proclaim that Sanders has “the courage to stand up to big oil, because he won't take their money”—an indirect swipe at Clinton.
Sanders has attacked Clinton for taking money from the oil and gas industry, pointing specifically to a fundraiser she attended at Franklin Square Capital, a hedge fund that invests in fracking. A couple weeks later, Clinton released a policy report detailing her support for continued natural gas production.
“Just as I believe you can't take on Wall Street while taking their money, I don't believe you can take on climate change effectively while taking money from those who would profit off the destruction of the planet,” Sanders said at a campaign rally in Hibbing, Minnesota, last week.
Sanders has already succeeded in pulling Clinton to the left in the primary on another environmental issue, namely the Keystone XL pipeline. Both Sanders and former contender Martin O'Malley had criticized Clinton for not articulating a position on the issue before she eventually came out in opposition. And while she has joined with Sanders to support a ban on fracking on federal lands, Clinton has come under scrutiny in the past for setting up a State Department program aimed at expanding fracking overseas.
“Under her leadership, the State Department worked closely with energy companies to spread fracking around the globe,” Mother Jones reported in 2014, “part of a broader push to fight climate change, boost global energy supply, and undercut the power of adversaries such as Russia that use their energy resources as a cudgel.”
Some environmentalists and energy experts argue that natural gas, which emits less carbon than other fossil fuels like coal, can serve as an “energy bridge” from fossil fuels to clean renewables. Clinton has come to embrace that position, though she advocates for strict federal regulation.
Influential environmental groups, however, have denounced Clinton on the issue. The risk for methane pollution, which can leak during the drilling process, negates any decrease in carbon emissions, argue the Environmental Defense Fund and other fracking opponents. Fracking opponents also argue that evidence of water and air contamination is too great to ignore.
Sanders echoes that sentiment, rejecting fracking and instead proposing a clean energy plan that pushes for a much more rapid transition to clean energy. He's called for closing the so-called “Halliburton loophole,” a policy that exempts the fracking industry from adhering to the Clean Water Act, which sanctions water polluters. A Sanders administration, as specified in a recent Grist article, would be bullish on using executive power to rein in the fracking industry.
Clinton, for her part, maintains that natural gas is an important part of the country's clean energy future, but that it has to be done carefully. “We have to face head-on the legitimate, pressing environmental concerns about some new extraction practices and their impacts on local water, soil, and air supplies,” Clinton said at the National Clean Energy Summit in 2014, specifically mentioning methane leaks. “So it's crucial that we put in place smart regulations and enforce them, including deciding not to drill when the risks are too high.”
It's an open question whether Sanders can draw environmental voters away from Clinton. At least one leading environmental group—the League of Conservation Voters Action Fund—endorsed Clinton last fall, and has been deploying volunteers on her behalf. However, most major green groups have not made an endorsement.
MIAMI - According to a former Major League Baseball general manager, the Marlins will soon sign Alex Rodriguez and have him play first base.
Jim Bowden, now an ESPN analyst, made his statement this morning on the MLB Network's "Inside Pitch" radio show.
"This thing's going to happen, so prepare yourself," Bowden said.
Bowden, who previously served as GM for the Reds and Nationals, backtracked off his previous claim that no one will ever pick up Rodriguez and that he'll never play in the majors again.
"They're going to put him at first base," Bowden said. "They believe he can be an upgrade over Chris Johnson who's hitting a booming .227."
However, a spokesman for Rodriguez put the brakes on the 3-time American League MVP playing again this season.
"I want to put all this talk to rest about Alex playing for any team this season. It's not happening," said Ron Berkowitz. "Like he said Friday night, he is happy and he is going to take some time to relax and hang with his family and friends."
A Miami-native, Rodriguez played his final game for the New York Yankees last Friday. The team released him immediately afterwards, making Rodriguez a free agent.
The Marlins have a need for some power in their line-up after losing Giancarlo Stanton for the remainder of the season due to a left groin injury.
Rodriguez, who must clear waivers on Monday before the Marlins could sign him, is just four home runs short of the reaching 700 career home runs.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A pedestrian elevator on the Granville Street Bridge and reviving the street car to Olympic Village are some of the ideas on offer as part of long-term plans for the future of Vancouver's Granville Island.
The island (technically a peninsula) is owned by the Canadian Mortgage and Housing Corporation and is one of Vancouver's top destinations for tourists and locals alike. It includes a popular public market, artist studios and theatres.
On Saturday, about 200 people attended presentations and discussions about some of the ideas gathered from nearby residents and stakeholders six months ago.
"This presentation is really a high-level overview of the emerging vision and plan for the future of Granville Island," said Michael Stevenson, in charge of leading the review.
"The status quo is wonderful. But it's reached a certain limit. We can't increase the mix and the richness of arts activity, for example, unless we increase the activity on the commercial side."
One of the proposed ideas for long-term plans for Granville Island is including the False Creek ferry companies in Translink's Compass Card system. (Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Reducing car traffic
A big part of the plans includes strategies to increase foot traffic while aiming to also reduce the number of cars.
Two propositions have been put forward along those lines: include the small ferries on False Creek as part of Translink's Compass Card system, and revive the tram that ran between Granville Island and Olympic Village during the 2010 Winter Games.
Other more creative options have also been suggested. One that had a few people excited Saturday was an elevator from the middle of the Granville Street Bridge that would lead straight to the Granville Island.
But the idea of putting a lot of restrictions on cars was a concern to some merchants who rely on an older clientele.
"As an owner, I don't think that will be the best for the businesses on Granville Island," said Linnea Stamp, co-owner of Beadworks.
"It may make it a really cool atmosphere … but it's not the easiest place to get to."
Stamp, like many others, was curious to see what will happen with the Emily Carr University site, since the university is moving to Great Northern Way.
Linnea Stamp, co-owner of Beadworks on Granville Island, says car access to the island is important for her customers. (Maryse Zeidler/CBC)
Barry Mowatt, founder and president of the Vancouver Biennale, was one member of the arts community concerned about what will happen with that space.
"I think there's a real opportunity using the transition of the Emily Carr north building into becoming a real hub for arts groups," Mowatt said.
He said his concerns are that the area continue to support the arts community and become more of a hub for artists.
Some of the proposals for Granville Island include more flexible spaces for artists to use, as well as an outdoor theatre and other performance spaces.
Barry Mowatt, founder and director of the Vancouver Biennale, says he wants Granville Island to become more of a hub for artists in Vancouver. (Maryse Zeidler/CBC)
Many attending the presentation shared the same sense of Granville Island being a unique, arts-oriented public space.
"I've always liked Granville Island because of the arts and the culture, music," said Garfield Leong, a nearby resident who attended the last presentation of the day.
"It's one of the more unique places in Vancouver because it's more unstructured and there aren't any big box stores. They're mostly local artists and artisans who create unique art objects."
Stevenson said the feedback will be submitted to CMHC and the final report will be ready by the end of January.
At that point, CMHC will have to determine how to pay for the proposed changes. Stevenson said the funding will likely come from a number of sources, including government funding, public-private partnerships and internal investment.
"[Granville Island] is a unique urban experience," he said.
"It is a place where ... experimentation and innovation and creativity can flourish, essentially funded by also quite creative experiments in commerce."
The Australian tour of India for the limited overs series is about to get underway with the first ODI in Chennai this Sunday. Indian pacer Mohammed Shami recently talked about the series and how the team is ready to stand up to the opposition.
The Steve Smith-led side is well-known for its sledging and they don't spare anyone whether they play at home or away. The incidents involving Australia's sledging with India are even more popular and Mohammed Shami reckons that the Indian side will not hold back if the opposition gets aggressive.
“Sledging is a part of the game. When your opposition has struck a partnership in the game, you sledge the batsmen to break their focus. This comes from naturally. We sledge but never using bad words. Sledging is very important when you have to dismiss a set batsman or break a partnership,” he said in an interview with India TV.
Tit for Tat
“We are 100 percent ready to take on the Australian sledging. If they sledge us, they will get the appropriate reply. It will be a tit for tat reply. I think we are performing well from the past few series. We just clean swept Sri Lanka. We are confident of winning the series,” he added.
Shami featured in the Test series against Sri Lanka where he made a comeback to the side. Later, he was rested for the limited overs series in the island nation but has been recalled to the side for the all-important series against Australia.
The 27-year-old is a part of the new-look Indian pace attack that is looking far better than ever. He is well in contention for a place in the 2019 ODI World Cup squad due to his impressive performances. The right-hander said that he focusses on basics and doesn't plan against anyone. “I have never planned against any particular batsman. I am just focused on my basics,” the Bengal pacer concluded.
Microsoft has announced today that it is launching a Beta program for its Flow app on Windows phones. The automated workflow service is currently available on the web, iOS and Android and it's great to see that the company is finally supporting its own mobile OS.
For those unfamiliar, Microsoft Flow is a cloud-based tool similar to IFTTT that lets you set up automated workflows between your favorite apps. As of today, Flow supports more than 110 different services including OneDrive, OneNote, Sharepoint and many third-party apps including Facebook, Dropbox and Slack. Flow is currently free to use, though Microsoft also offers premium plans including more features and access to additional services like MailChimp and Salesforce.
For now, the Windows Phone beta app is not available on the Windows Store: to try it, you'll have to join the beta program by sending an email to [email protected] (we did request an invitation earlier today and are still waiting for a reply). Let us know in the comments if you're interested in trying the Windows Phone app.
Share This
Further reading: Automation
Too much "sucking" on a website is suspicious - particularly to web filters trying to protect viewers from offensive material.
"Caution: This profile may include potentially sensitive content," appears on a warning page you get redirected to when you want to enter @LonelyWhale's Twitter channel. "Do you still want to view it?"
But the Lonely Whale Foundation has a perfectly wholesome goal: to reduce the amount of single-use plastic straws.
"We bleed 10 million tons of plastic into the ocean every single year," says Adrian Grenier, co-founder of Lonely Whale. "And plastic straws are just a small fraction of that - but it's a great place to start."
The Stop Sucking initiative (campaigning under its Twitter hashtag #StopSucking) points out that people in the United States alone use 500 million plastic straws every day.
Make it a habit
"We all suck because we don't do enough for the oceans - and we all suck on single use plastic straws every single day, an average of two per person per day."
At the EU-hosted Our Ocean Conference in Malta this week, Adrian Grenier introduced the #StopSucking initiative, and even got participants in the room stand up and pledge to not use any more plastic straws.
"We're asking people to just make one small change and make it part of their habit," Grenier says.
Just like someone orders a soft drink possibly adding "no ice please," or a coffee "without milk and sugar, please," Grenier and his fellow activists are urging people ordering a drink to include the request "no straw, please."
Lonely Whale isn't the only initiative to tackle this environmental issue.
The Last Straw is campaigning to end the use of plastic straws around Australia, and the initiative 'Last Plastic Straw'in the US has picked the examples of straws to educate the public about the absurdity of single-use plastic in general.
How it all began
Environmentalists point out that plastic straws are "totally unnecessary."
Not everyone, though, might be happy to let a dear habit go. This is perhaps even more the case because the human habit of using a straw is thousands of years old - historians date the use of drinking straws back to the third millenium B.C.
Sumerians in Mesopotamia allegedly used straws to drink beer.
"In drinking unfiltered beer, a straw would have been necessary to penetrate below a layer of hulls and yeast floating on the surface," write historian Mary Voigt and anthropologist Solomon Katz.
Of course, people didn't have plastic back then - drinking straws were made mostly from reeds.
Researchers also found straws made of pure gold - apparently how the wealthy enjoyed a drink in ancient times.
In the 1800s, drinking become fashionable, allegly invented by a resident of Washington, DC, when drinking a mint julep cocktail.
Of course, they were made out of paper back then. In the 1960s and 70s, plastic took over the world.
Fighting the plastic flood Tons of trash At least 8 million tons of plastic waste ends up in the world's oceans every year, according to a report by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation. The report warns plastic trash will outweigh fish by 2050 unless drastic action is taken. Much of the floating trash collects in several large ocean vortices far from land. Beaches, like this one on Midway Island in the remote Pacific Ocean, also suffer.
Fighting the plastic flood Addicted to plastic The floating plastic isn't just an eyesore: as it breaks down into smaller pieces, marine animals mistake it for food. A recent study by Uppsala University showed ingesting plastic can have devastating effects on fish, including stunted growth and increased mortality rates. Surprisingly, some fish even seem to prefer plastic. Plastic in fish is also suspected of posing health risks for humans.
Fighting the plastic flood Edible alternatives The Ocean Conservancy estimates more than 690 species of marine animals have been affected by plastic pollution. In an effort to reduce the impact of all that waste, some companies have come up with alternatives. The Delray Beach craft brewery, in Florida, has developed edible six-pack rings from wheat and barley left over from the brewing process. It hopes to begin production in October.
Fighting the plastic flood Biodegradable packaging As an alternative to single-use plastic packaging - which makes up a significant portion of the waste found in oceans - some companies have come up with biodegradable alternatives. At a plant in Poland, wheat bran is being used. According to inventor Jerzy Wysocki, the Biotrem packaging can be used in the oven or freezer, and will decompose in 30 days - or can simply be eaten. Extra fiber!
Fighting the plastic flood Bamboo to the rescue? Fast-growing bamboo is also an alternative to plastic - used to make everything from toothbrushes, shower curtains, utensils and even computer parts. Work at the Tonggu Jiangqiao Bamboo & Wood Industry Company, pictured here, started mass production of bamboo keyboards, mice and monitor casings in 2008.
Fighting the plastic flood Ocean skimmer Alternatives may help reduce waste, but millions of tons of plastic still float around the world's oceans - and will remain for centuries, slowly breaking down. Dutch foundation Ocean Cleanup aims to collect the trash with a 100-kilometer (60-mile) floating dam system that is supposed to trap plastic waste without harming fish and other sea creatures. It aims to install one in the Pacific by 2020.
Fighting the plastic flood From trash to fashion Some of that plastic could be recycled and reused in other forms, becoming flower pots, home insulation or - in the case of Spanish firm Ecoalf - clothing. The Madrid-based clothing line takes plastic waste collected by 200 fishing boats in the Mediterranean, crushes it into flakes, and then creates polyester fibers - which in turn become fashionable jackets, backpacks and other items.
Fighting the plastic flood Reduce, recycle ... and reuse Plastic waste can also be reused in its original form. At the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development Rio +20 in 2012 - 20 years after the first World Oceans Day - giant fish made from plastic bottles were exhibited along the waterfront in Rio de Janeiro. Author: Martin Kuebler
There are alternatives
Beer is filtered today, so any actual need to use a straw has long passed.
But even today, there might indeed be situations in which a drinking straw becomes necessary - for example, before on-screen or stage appearances after perfectly applied makeup.
No problem at all, Lonely Whale clarifies on its website: "We're not anti-straw, we're anti single-use plastics."
They point out marine-friendly alternatives, such as multiple-use straws made from metal or glass, as well as single-use paper straws.
In Cambodia, a young environmental activist even developed a biodegradable bamboo straw.
Strawless in Seattle
At the Ocean Conference in Malta, Adrian Grenier points out that his campaign "is about having a small, accessible, measurable effect on the world. It's not about doing everything at once."
Last September, the Lonely Whale Foundation set off to reduce single-use plastic straw use in Seattle.
In a city-wide campaign, they convinced hundreds of restaurants and bars, as well as two sports stadiums, to eliminate drinking straws completely - or to switch to paper straws, at the very least.
Altogether, the action eliminated 2 million straws - "just as the bare estimate, and that's every month - forever," Grenier says.
"We are looking to reach 60 million by the end of the year in Seattle alone."
In the end, #StopSucking is just one example how to "change our lifestyles and to change our perceptions of [...] how we want to live," Grenier says.
Compared with other sacrifices environmentalist may call for, #StopSucking seems to be a lifestyle change that might indeed not hurt too much.
A castle made from plastic bottles Plastic fortress This strange building rises up like a medieval castle from the tropical vegetation on Isla Colon, the main island of Bocas del Toro province in Panama. Around 40,000 recycled bottles made from the plastic PET went into its construction. Its aim? To raise awareness about the problem of plastic waste.
A castle made from plastic bottles A threat to our oceans On the facade and within the building are artworks illustrating how the world's oceans are being polluted. Only a small part of the globe's more than 300 million tons of plastic produced annually is recycled, according to the Future Ocean research group. Much of it lands in the sea, with between 4.8 and 12.7 million tons ending up there in 2010.
A castle made from plastic bottles Robert's dream Robert Bezeau, from Canada, actually wanted to retire when he came to Bocas del Toro nine years ago. But when he voluntarily took part in an enquiry run by the island's authorities analyzing waste production, he turned into a campaigner against plastic rubbish. "If every one of the currently 7.3 billion people on the planet only drinks one bottle, that's 2.66 trillion bottles per year," he said.
A castle made from plastic bottles Caribbean paradise Year after year, hundreds of thousands of holidaymakers come to the archipelago, mostly from the United States and Canada. Next to bohemian bars and restaurants, the islands offer an abundance of nature, such as mangroves, warm, clean waters and beautiful beaches. But that brings with it more waste, which often ends up in the sea because of the area's inadequate rubbish disposal capacity.
A castle made from plastic bottles One man's trash... Around 1.5 million plastic bottles build up each year on the small 62-square-kilometer island alone. Robert Bezeau collects them and saves them for his building projects. Only the typical drink bottles made from PET can be used - other kinds contain too much oil and would therefore be too flammable.
A castle made from plastic bottles Plastic and iron The plastic bottles are stacked inside cages made of reinforced steel and wire to make walls before being coated in a layer of cement. Each component can fit 300 half-liter or 120 1.5 liter PET bottles. Only particular sections, like the medieval-style triangular windows, don't follow this pattern.
A castle made from plastic bottles Building up knowledge This kind of construction is particularly suitable for simple bungalows, which require some 14,000 bottles. Bezeau wants to build a training center to teach people in emerging economies how to use plastic bottles as low-cost construction materials. One key advantage, he says, is that the air inside the bottles can shield against the heat.
A castle made from plastic bottles An information resort The plastic fortress is still being built. When it's finished later this year, it's set to become a holiday resort where tourists can learn about the plastic waste problem. Founder Bezeau wants to put the income generated by the resort back into training. He's hoping that, just like in other parts of the world where waste is unavoidable, rubbish can at least be used for a meaningful purpose. Author: Oliver Ristau (Bocas del Toro, Panama)
oneOcean.fm conducted the interview with Adrian Grenier
President Donald Trump signed a temporary spending bill into law on Friday to avert a government shutdown after the Republican-led Congress did the bare minimum in a sprint toward the holidays and punted disputes on immigration, health care and the budget to next year.
Protections for state medical marijuana programs known as the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer amendment were also continued in the legislation to fund the government through Jan. 19, Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore., announced in a statement Friday.
“Patients around the country who rely on medical marijuana for treatment–and the businesses that serve them–now have some measure of certainty,” he said in a statement. “Our fight, however, continues to maintain these important protections in the next funding bill passed by Congress.”
The measure had passed the House on Thursday on a 231-188 vote over Democratic opposition and then cleared the Senate, 66-32, with Democrats from Republican-leaning states providing many of the key votes.
This is the second time Rohrabacher-Blumenauer protections have been temporarily extended as part of stopgap spending measures. It comes less than a month after a letter was made public in which 66 members of Congress urged Senate and House leaders to extend the medical marijuana protections that have been in place since December 2014.
Those protections, previously known as Rohrabacher-Farr, prohibit the U.S. Department of Justice from using federal funds to prevent certain states “from implementing their own State laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession or cultivation of medical marijuana.”
With the midterm campaign coming down to its last days, its been clear for weeks that the only way Democrats believe they can save some of their endangered red-state Senate incumbents is to play the race card. Both Louisiana's Mary Landrieu and North Carolina's Kay Hagan have sought to identify Republicans with racism and even, in Hagan's case, with the killing of Trayvon Martin or the Ferguson, Missouri shooting, in order to mobilize African-American voters. While these tactics are based on outrageous slanders, the decision to play the race card is logical if not scrupulous. The coalition that elected Barack Obama to the presidency twice relies on huge numbers of minorities as well as young people and unmarried women turning out to vote. The outcome on Tuesday will be largely dependent on whether that turnout resembles the ones of 2008 and 2012 or that of 2010 when Republicans won a midterm landslide. But whether or not the Democrats' race-baiting tactics succeed, the real question facing the party is whether they are right to do so. And by that I don't refer to whether the decision to sink this low is ethical but whether it is smart.
The answer from Democratic operatives eager to preserve the party's Senate majority as well as to lay the foundation for another smashing presidential win in 2016 would probably be something along the lines of declaring that all's fair in love, war, and politics. If getting African-Americans to the polls requires cynically recycling racial incitement, then so be it. Moreover they see it as no more nor less ethical than Republican hacks employing concerns over issues like gay marriage or immigration in order to get their base to turn out.
But just as Republicans have learned the lesson in recent election cycles that excessive pandering to social conservatives has unforeseen consequences in the form of damaging blowback with moderates and independents, so, too, Democrats need to be wary of becoming the party of race incitement.
Waving the bloody shirt of Ferguson seems like a good idea to those who believe, not wrongly, that many African-Americans view such incidents as evidence of the enduring legacy of the nation's history of racism. But the line between sending subtle hints about such issues and outright race baiting has clearly been crossed when, as Hagan did, Republicans are falsely accused of playing a role in killing young African-Americans. Nor did Landrieu do herself any favors by publicly complaining about the treatment of blacks and women in the contemporary south.
Both parties desperately need their bases to be enthusiastic about elections if they are to win. But both also need to remember that winning electoral majorities requires more than mobilization of true believers. Republicans have become obsessed with appeasing their core voters and paid for it at times by being slammed, often unfairly, as overly identified with extremists. But it seems never to occur to Democrats that over-the-top appeals to their base will exact a cost with the rest of the electorate.
In the past two years, we've heard a great deal of Democratic triumphalism about how changing demographics will ensure them an unshakable electoral majority for years, if not decades, to come. But as much as they certainly benefit heavily from the overwhelming margins they rack up among blacks and Hispanics, the notion that this alone will create a permanent Democratic hegemony in Washington is spurious. In the end, all parties must win over the vital center of the American public square. As Ronald Reagan proved, they need not sacrifice their ideology or their principles to do so. But when they go too far, they inevitably run aground.
That's the real danger of a reliance on race baiting for the Democrats. It's not just that African-Americans will grow tired of such obvious exploitation but that by linking themselves so firmly with such dubious tactics and extreme rhetoric, they drown out any reasoned arguments they might put forward for their party.
In 2008 and 2012, Democrats were able to rouse their base with positive messages of empowerment that revolved around the historic and deeply symbolic candidacies of Barack Obama while at the same time offering an effective if ultimately spurious promise of hope and change to the entire country. But in 2014, as Obama's popularity has waned and then collapsed, they are forced to do verbal gymnastics as candidates seek to distance themselves from the president and his policies while simultaneously seeking to appeal to minorities that still revere him with negative race-based slurs about Republicans.
Thus, even if these tactics work to turn out blacks—and it is by no means clear that it will come anywhere close to the 2012 levels that Democrats desperately need—the party may be doing itself real damage with the public in ways that will harm their presidential candidate in 2016. As with other misleading memes they have beat to death, such as the spurious war on women that Republicans are supposed to be waging, Democrats are finding that they are fast exhausting the electorate's patience and are running out of ideas. As much as playing the race card seems like a foolproof if unsavory tactic, it may not be as smart a move as they think it is.
By Kathleen Martens
APTN Investigates
A Lethbridge woman is still deciding whether to appeal a trafficking conviction for possessing an eagle wing.
Finances are holding Rachel CrowSpreadingWings back but her emotion is propelling her forward.
“I am so angry,” she said in a telephone interview from her home in Alberta.
The member of the Blood Tribe or Kainai Nation south of Calgary was charged in 2013 after she obtained the wing from two men who told her they found the bird. CrowSpreadingWings says she “gifted” them tobacco and an additional $250 to buy groceries and bus fare.
“My Indian name is Holy Feather Woman, and so when these guys came and they asked me to help them – if I could help them – I thought I was doing the right thing.”
Alberta Fish and Wildlife learned of the transaction and seized the wing. CrowSpreadingWings was charged with one count of trafficking in eagle parts and one count of possession of an exotic animal.
CrowSpreadingWings, who represented herself in court because she was denied Legal Aid, admitted to having the wing but argued she had special access as a First Nation person. The four-day trial started in November 2014 and ended in June 2015.
The sentencing took place on August 17, with provincial court Judge Sylvia Oishi explaining there is a “legal” way for First Nations' people to obtain eagle feathers and CrowSpreadingWings broke the law. The Crown asked the judge to fine the single mother of two $7,000 as a deterrent to others.
But a Calgary defence lawyer that heard about the case on the radio represented CrowSpreadingWings at no charge that day. He succeeded in arguing the fine be reduced to $1,000.
Still, CrowSpreadingWings says she can't afford to pay.
She is further upset by the rules around eagle feathers she learned after the fact.
“(They) are taking it upon themselves to decide what is cultural and what isn't,” she said of provincial officials, “without being blessed by Elders, or having their faces painted, or any involvement in the culture whatsoever.”
To do it legally, Aboriginal people must fill out a form at a Fish and Wildlife district office explaining why they want some of the eagle feathers the department keeps in storage. “This will be considered and they will receive a response in writing,” said an Alberta government spokesman.
The request is denied if it's not going for a specific spiritual or faith-based purpose, the spokesman said from Edmonton, which does not include “competitive dance costumes or trade or barter.”
CrowSpreadingWings says the government appears to have a narrow interpretation of what is spiritual. She also pointed out that not all dances are competitive.
Yet, alone in court trying to make a constitutional argument, CrowSpreadingWings was aware she faced a maximum penalty of a $200,000 fine or four years in prison. “Without a community to back me, it just looks like I'm just standing there having a temper tantrum about my rights.”
CrowSpreadingWings says she contacted the Assembly of First Nations for support but did not hear back. APTN Investigates asked AFN National Chief Perry Bellegarde for comment but was told he was travelling. She says she also begged her chief and council to sit with her in the courtroom and there was no response.
Blood Chief Charles Weasel Head did send APTN this written statement: “…We do have many ancient religious traditions and practices with respect to the use of eagle feathers in many aspects of our culture that remain with us today,” he said. “We also have respect for the laws of this country aimed at conservation.”
“However in some instances it appears that the two worlds collide and our people are placed in a quandary and sometimes at a disadvantage. My hope is that one day we will find a way to balance the ancient traditions and rights of First Nations, the intricate laws and regulations of federal and provincial governments and our collective desire to preserve and conserve the natural resources of this country.”
CrowSpreadingWings says she was offered a deal to avoid court by performing 20 hours of community service but she refused because: “I would have had to say that I was wrong.”
“I can't say that my culture is wrong,” the 34-year-old explained. “I can't say that ‘gifting' – whether it's monetary or material – is wrong. I won't say that. This is how I was raised.”
CrowSpreadingWings said she had been praying for feathers to make ceremonial bustles for each of her young sons to wear in the Chicken Dance when the men with the eagle appeared. She took it as a positive sign.
She says she intended to take only the feathers she needed and give the rest to her brother – a Sundance leader. She learned that would have led to more criminal charges, such as trafficking in eagle parts.
The man who sold her the wing was also fined $7,000 but served 45 days in jail instead.
The court experience has her thinking about the one legally obtained eagle feather she has. It was a gift from Fish and Wildlife upon her graduation from Lethbridge College last spring.
“Here in Lethbridge, every graduation that involves First Nations or Metis people or Inuit people, the organizers fill out the paperwork, they count how many feathers they need, and then they send that in to Fish and Wildlife, and Fish and Wildlife looks at it and then they find their feathers, and then they give them to the school. So like when my son graduated Kindergarten, he got plumes.”
CrowSpreadingWings says eagles are protected but no longer endangered in Alberta.
Follow Kathleen Martens on Twitter: @katmarte
Froma Harrop is a syndicated columnist. Follow her on Twitter: @FromaHarrop The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.
(CNN) A few days after winning the presidency, Donald Trump visited Manhattan's posh 21 Clubs and told the swells dining there, "We'll get your taxes down. Don't worry about it."
So far he seems intent on following through. Congressional Republicans are working on a tax-reform plan that in practice would benefit the well-to-do. And Trump's pick of spending hawk Mick Mulvaney to head the Office of Budget and Management suggests that government programs may indeed be slashed to make such tax cuts palatable to fiscal conservatives.
Democratic lawmakers representing liberal parts of America habitually denounce this sort of thing: Spending reductions combined with tax cuts benefiting upper incomes. The question is, "should they?" and the answer is "no." The blue states should take the money and run.
The time has come for liberals to recognize that the Republican agenda -- which they have little control over anyway -- can work to their advantage. Who gets the least return on the money they send to Washington? The economically successful blue states. Which states most depend on federal spending? The poorer red ones.
Most of the proposed federal tax reforms would leave more wealth in the affluent blue states. They could capture some of it through their own taxes and economic activity unleashed by residents with more money in their pockets.
Repealing Obamacare alone would deliver tax cuts totaling $346 billion over 10 years, every penny going to households making $200,000 or more. Interesting that the 12 states with the largest percentage of such households all voted for Hillary Clinton.
No more universal health coverage? Not necessarily. Massachusetts has Romneycare , a wildly popular state-run system that served as a model for the Affordable Care Act. Insurers there expect little upheaval from an Obamacare repeal. Massachusetts, by the way, has the strongest economy in the country, according to Governing magazine.
California's state-run insurance exchange is in good shape, notes Nicholas Bagley, a professor at the University of Michigan Law School. California could simply adopt its own individual mandate as Obamacare does. Requiring everyone to buy coverage (or pay a fine) brings healthy people into the insurance pools. Having the young and hearty subsidize the sick and elderly keeps the pools stable. Connecticut, New York, Oregon and Washington are in especially good positions to do likewise, Bagley says.
Trump's choice of Scott Pruitt, a climate-change denialist, to head the Environmental Protection Agency alarms environmentalists. So does Peter Navarro as head of a new White House trade council. Navarro has accused NASA of "politically correct environmental monitoring" of climate change through its earth-observing satellites
No matter. "If Trump turns off the satellites, " Gov. Jerry Brown said , "California will launch its own damn satellite." Given California's lead in confronting climate change, we can well believe that Brown, who heads the world's fifth biggest economy, would follow through on that promise. You can bet that the work to build the satellites would almost all land in California.
In 2004, California set fuel-economy standards higher than the federal government's. Twelve other states followed California's lead and after an unsuccessful suit to stop the stricter standards, the auto industry came around.
In 2010, California required that 33% of its electricity come from renewable energy sources by 2020. It was recently raised to 50% by 2030. Now 30 states have renewable energy requirements.
"Cap-and-trade" is a market-based approach to cutting emissions of planet-warming greenhouse gases. When Congress failed to pass cap-and-trade legislation, California set up its own system. As of this writing, 10 states have done likewise
This isn't just environmental do-gooding. It is economic development. Almost 60% of all clean-energy venture capital in the United States ends up in California.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
The federal income tax has been called a blue-state tax because the higher incomes tend to cluster in Democratic strongholds. What's especially unfair about this is the federal tax code does not account for cost of living, which is highest in the elite coastal cities.
Someone makes $90,000 in Houston would have to pull in $162,000 to live as well in San Francisco, according to BankRate's calculator. Yet, all else being equal, the San Franciscan pays far more taxes to the federal government than the Houstonian.
There's no reason why like-minded states can't get together and solve problems, including local challenges and international ones like climate change. For the richer blue states, a reduced federal tax burden would leave them with the added means to address these challenges. And the nicest part: They can spend the money at home.
His flickr name is lego911but his real name is Peter Blackert, and he's an engineer for Ford, and no one on the planet is more dedicated to LEGO automotive building. He is a car and lego enthusiast who has been building Lego cars since 1981. With the advent of the internet he has been able to share his creations with other people who like to do the same thing.
Peter is just amazingly prolific… he can and has built 45 LEGO cars within a month. Among other things, he loves the classic Saab cars: “I have a soft spot for this era SAAB, and somehow, the need to push for a better outcome on the redo & redemption models means that almost all the cars I have done for the challenge ended up being really nice models.” – says Peter.
So far he has developed a very large number of Saab Lego models. Some of the best cars around, whether they are CG or real, very well designed. More here.
More from Paul Adams available More fromavailable here
The United States has led five major wars in the Muslim world in the last 25 years, including the recent attack on the self-declared Islamic State. Remarkably, Canada has participated in all but one of them.
Few Canadians now have any regrets about the Chrétien government's decision to sit out the Iraq war. But I'd like to focus on another one of those many American wars that was exceptional: the Gulf War of 1990-91.
It was exceptional in a different way. It was the only one that succeeded.
Right now, Canada is like the needy schoolboy, insistently raising his hand, bouncing in his seat, trying to catch the teacher's eye so he can say: “Pick me!” But we should be doing more than validating our self-worth by being allowed to come along. We should be trying to figure out whether this is worth doing.
The reason the Gulf War succeeded while the wars in Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya — and now, likely, this new war against Islamic State — were doomed to failure (or at best to a messy, unsatisfactory result) had to do with strategy.
The Gulf War, remember, was triggered by Saddam Hussein's unprovoked invasion of Kuwait. This was an obvious threat to world order, for which the sanctity of borders is an important principle. And it was a dagger aimed at American and Western oil interests in neighbouring Saudi Arabia.
But many bad things happen in the world, and while the United States is prone to getting involved in a lot of them — too many, some of us might think — it can't jump in everywhere. And back in 1991, the United States had not fought a major war since Vietnam, an event which traumatized a generation.
In fact, the memory of Vietnam fundamentally affected the U.S. approach to the Gulf War and shaped the strategy that resulted in its success. That approach became known as the Powell Doctrine, named after Colin Powell, who was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the time — effectively the head of the American military.
The Powell Doctrine can be summarized in various ways, but its essence could be boiled down to a series of political and military questions that must be answered before embarking on war:
Is the goal clear and important?
Is it a last resort after non-military efforts have failed?
Does the mission command the support of the American people and the international community?
Have the costs and expected gains been clearly analyzed?
Can the planned military mission achieve the intended political objectives?
Are the goals clearly circumscribed and is there a plausible exit strategy?
It was this doctrine that shaped the policy that led the then-president, George Bush Sr., to rally a broad international coalition. The force was overwhelming: nearly a million troops — many of them, yes, ‘boots on the ground'. The goal was limited — to evict Saddam's Iraqi forces from Kuwait.
I'm talking about blowback from the Muslim world — which includes the implications of allying ourselves with the loathsome, head-chopping Saudis and, if we are honest, Bashar Al-Assad's Syrian dictatorship. Not to mention the motley crew of Iraqi fighters who are now our military avatars.
Over-awed by American power, Saddam vamoosed, Kuwait was freed from his grip and the war was over in a matter of months.
Each of the American wars since then has been critically undermined by a failure to answer some of the Powell Doctrine's questions.
In Afghanistan and later in Iraq, the U.S. was hobbled by the misguided ideas of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, which held that a combination of high-tech military hardware, air power and small units of “special forces” could replace all those pricey boots. Not so, it turned out — tragically.
In Libya, the Americans led a air mission, the original aim of which was not to oust the regime of Moammar Gadhafi, but to stop its attacks on civilians. Then the mission changed. And today, Libya is free of Gadhafi. It is also a violent, chaotic mess.
So how does the new Barack Obama-led mission against Islamic State fare when tested against the Powell Doctrine?
It easily answers the first two questions. Getting rid of Islamic State is important to the people in the region and to the international community. Islamic State is a bloody scourge on those who fall under its power. It threatens to become an enclave for the training and cultivation of extremists who will attack us in the West. And given its ideology, it seems unlikely to respond to any pressure short of armed force.
The answer to the third question, about political support, is less certain. At the moment, there is widespread — if hardly universal — support domestically and internationally for an attack on Islamic State. We really have no idea how long that support can be sustained with a mission which has no plausible end-date in, say, the next year or two.
But the answers to the last three questions — about whether there has been a clear calculation of costs and benefits, whether the planned military mission can achieve its political objectives, and whether there is a defined exit strategy — are plainly ‘no'.
Neither the Obama administration nor, for its small part, the Harper government has been frank about the potential costs of the mission. I am thinking now not just of the financial expense of an open-ended mission. I'm also talking about blowback from the Muslim world — which includes the implications of allying ourselves with the loathsome, head-chopping Saudis and, if we are honest, Bashar Al-Assad's Syrian dictatorship. Not to mention the motley crew of Iraqi fighters who are now our military avatars.
Nor do many people who know about these things think that the military mission as it is now conceived — that is, bombing Islamic State and supplying the ragtag forces of our new best friends on the ground — can achieve its supposed aims. Stephen Harper, who seems so pleased just to be on the team, may say the mission is to “contain” Islamic State. But Obama, whose team it is, says the goal is to “eliminate” it.
At the moment, airstrikes do not seem enough even to repel Islamic State from the siege of Kobane, a Syrian border town so close to NATO's Turkish border that journalists can watch the battle with binoculars as massed Turkish tanks sit tensed but idle nearby.
And oh, an exit strategy? This mission, like the fabled “War on Terror” — and unlike Powell's Gulf War — has no end in sight. Obama says the goal is to eliminate Islamic State “eventually”.
There is a principle in moral philosophy, attributed to Immanuel Kant, which is that “ought imply can”. That is to say, you are morally obligated to do something only if it is within your powers.
There has been a lot of high-blown rhetoric from the Harper government about good and evil. This loud-mouthed moralism in international affairs has become one of this government's trademarks.
But we should not be bullied into war without a plausible plan.
Follow Paul Adams on Twitter @padams29
Paul Adams is associate professor of journalism at Carleton and has taught political science at the University of Manitoba. He is a veteran of the CBC, the Globe and Mail and EKOS Research. His book Power Trap explores the dilemma of Canada's opposition parties.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr.
Beware of leaders who come to power in troubled times, and then use foreign threats and economic crises to bolster their own power.
It was common on the left to intimate that George W. Bush was like Hitler, a remark that would drive the National Review crowd through the roof but which I didn't find entirely outrageous. Bush's main method of governance was to stir up fear of foreign enemies and instigate a kind of nationalist hysteria about the need for waging war and giving up liberty through security.
Hitler is the most famous parallel here, but he is hardly the only one. Many statesmen in world history have used the same tactics, dating back to ancient times. Machiavelli wrote in his Art of War advice to the ruler: "To know how to recognize an opportunity in war, and take it, benefits you more than anything else." But what's the point of studying Hitler's rise to power unless it is to learn from that history and apply the lessons?
One lesson is to beware of leaders who come to power in troubled times, and then use foreign threats and economic crises to bolster their own power. Unless we can draw out lessons for our own times, history becomes nothing but a series of dry data points with no broader relevance.
Certainly Bush used 9-11 to consolidate his power and the neoconservative intellectuals who surrounded him adopted a deep cynicism concerning the manipulation of public opinion. Their governing style concerned the utility of public myth, which they found essential to wise rule. The main myth they promoted was that Bush was the Christian philosopher-king heading a new crusade against Islamic extremism. The very stupid among us believed it, and this served as a kind of ideological infrastructure of his tenure as president.
Then it collapsed when the economy went south and he was unable to sustain the absurd idea that he was protecting us from anyone. The result was disgrace, and the empowering of the political left and its socialistic ethos.
The talk of Hitler in the White House ended forthwith, as if the analogy extended only when nationalist ideology is ruling the day. What people don't remember is that Hitlerism was about more than just militarism, nationalism, and consolidation of identity politics. It also involved a substantial shift in German domestic politics away from free enterprise, or what remained of it under Weimar, toward collectivist economic planning.
Nazism was not only nationalism run amok. It was also socialism of a particular variety.
Let's turn to The Vampire Economy by Guenter Reimann (1939). He begins the story with the 1933 decree that all property must be subject to the collective will. It began with random audits and massive new bookkeeping regulations:
Manufacturers in Germany were panic-stricken when they heard of the experiences of some industrialists who were more or less expropriated by the State. These industrialists were visited by State auditors who had strict orders to "examine" the balance sheets and all bookkeeping entries of the company (or individual businessman) for the preceding two, three, or more years until some error or false entry was found. The slightest formal mistake was punished with tremendous penalties. A fine of millions of marks was imposed for a single bookkeeping error. Obviously, the examination of the books was simply a pretext for partial expropriation of the private capitalist with a view to complete expropriation and seizure of the desired property later. The owner of the property was helpless, since under fascism there is no longer an independent judiciary that protects the property rights of private citizens against the State. The authoritarian State has made it a principle that private property is no longer sacred.
The rules begin to change slowly so that enterprise could no longer make decisions in the interest of profitability. The banks were nationalized. The heads of major companies were changed. Hiring and firing became heavily politicized. The courts ruled not on justice but on political priorities. It was no longer enough merely to obey the laws. The national will must trump economic concerns:
The capitalist under fascism has to be not merely a law-abiding citizen, he must be servile to the representatives of the State. He must not insist on "rights" and must not behave as if his private property rights were still sacred. He should be grateful to the Fuehrer that he still has private property. This state of affairs must lead to the final collapse of business morale, and sound the death knell of the self-respect and self-reliance which marked the independent businessman under liberal capitalism.
Price controls were next, enforced intermittently and with them grew up a large gray economy, with businesspeople spending more time getting around the rules than producing wealth. "To increase his prices a dealer must have a special permit from the Price Commissar. A request for a price increase must first be certified to by the group leader; it must be accompanied by a detailed statement of necessity and other pertinent data, such as production and distribution costs."
State production mandates were next. Goods were to be produced according to political goals. "Backed by the General Staff of the army, Nazi bureaucrats have been able to embark upon schemes which compel the most powerful leaders of business and finance to undertake projects which they consider both risky and unprofitable."
Bankers were required to act as state actors. "Under fascism, big bankers, formerly independent – except, of course, ‘non-Aryans' – have become State officials in everything but name. They are often in high and influential positions, but they are all members of the compact, centralized State machine. Their independence, their individual initiative, their free competitive position, all the principles for which they once fought fervently, are gone."
If you think that the parallels stopped after Bush left power, consider this passage from Reimann:
"The totalitarian State reverses the former relationship between the State and the banks. Previously, their political influence increased when the State needed financial help. Now the opposite holds true. The more urgent the financial demands of the State become, the stricter measures are taken by the State in order to compel these institutions to invest their funds as the State may wish."
Once the banks were forced wholly under the control of the government, they became the means by which all property became subject to the state: "The totalitarian State will not have an empty treasury so long as private companies or individuals still have ample cash or liquid assets. For the State has the power to solve its financial difficulties at their expense. The private banks themselves, the financial institutions which previously dictated the terms on which they were willing to lend money, have built up the system of siphoning off liquid funds. This financial system is now utilized by the totalitarian State for its own purposes."
So it was for the stock market, which was regarded as a national asset. Speculation was forbidden. Public companies were entirely subject to bureaucratic rule. Order replaced the old spontaneity, while speculation of the old sort became an entirely underground activity. The largest companies didn't entirely mind the course of events. "The disappearance of small corporations gives rise to a tendency among small investors not to risk their capital in new competitive enterprises. The larger the big corporations grow and the closer they become connected with the State bureaucracy, the fewer chances there are for the rise of new competitors."
So too for insurance companies, which were compelled to buy government paper. The tendency toward ever more economic regulation resulted not in socialism as such but fascist planning. "The fascist State does not merely grant the private entrepreneur the right to produce for the market, but insists on production as a duty which must be fulfilled even though there be no profit. The businessman cannot close down his factory or shop because he finds it unprofitable. To do this requires a special permit issued by the authorities."
The national demand for "stimulus" replaced private decision making entirely, as businessmen were required to produce and avoid any economic downturns that might embarrass the state. "The Nazi government has expressly threatened the private entrepreneur with increased State coercion and reduction of personal rights and liberties unless he fulfills adequately the 'duty to produce' according to the State's demands."
But stimulus could not and would not work, no matter how hard the party officials tried, because the very institutions of private property and competition and all market forces had been overwritten. "The totalitarian regime has annihilated the most important conservative force of capitalism, the belief that private property ought to be a sacred right of every citizen and that the private property of every citizen ought to be protected. Respect for private property has penetrated the spirit of the people in all capitalist countries. It is the strongest bulwark of capitalism. Fascism has succeeded in destroying this conservative force... People still have to work for money and have to live on money incomes. Possession of capital still provides income. But this income is largely at the mercy of State bureaucrats and Party officials."
Reimann sums up: "In Nazi Germany there is no field of business activity in which the State does not interfere. In more or less detailed form it prescribes how the businessman may use capital which is still presumably his private property. And because of this, the German businessman has become a fatalist; he does not believe that the new rules will work out well, yet he knows that he cannot alter the course of events. He has been made the tool of a gigantic machine which he cannot direct."
The regime also dramatically increased social and medical legislation, providing lifetime pensions to friends and conscripting doctors in the service of its dietary and medical goals.
Now, if any of this sounds familiar, it is because the principles of intervention are universal. The Nazi regime represented not a unique evil in history but rather a now-conventional combination of two dangerous ideological trends: nationalism and socialism. We know both all too well.
Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr. [lewrockwell@mac.com] is founder and chairman of the Ludwig von Mises Institute in Auburn, Alabama, editor of LewRockwell.com, and author, most recently, of The Left, The Right, and The State.
It is always wise to study the past. The People's Voice would however suggest that it be studied with a measure of caution. -Mr. Rockwell referred to Reiman:
"The totalitarian State reverses the former relationship between the State and the banks. Previously, their political influence increased when the State needed financial help. Now the opposite holds true. The more urgent the financial demands of the State become, the stricter measures are taken by the State in order to compel these institutions to invest their funds as the State may wish."
We've seen the Bush (2008) and Obama (2009) bailout scams, where the banks (with the complicity of the Congress) have looted the Treasury in an ongoing heist of gargantuan proportions.
It therefore seems to us that the opposite of what Reiman said does not hold true in the US, where the situation is rather more like this: The more urgent the financial demands of the banks become, the more brazen & unrestrained measures are taken by them in order to compel the State to surrender its funds to the banks. So what we're left with is this: Wealth for the banks; poverty for the State. As regards 'socialism' and 'nationalism', correspondingly: Socialism for the banks; nationalism for the State. As our readers will have noted, ordinary people don't even enter into this equation -they always come last. [Editor]
¤ ¤ ¤ ¤ ¤
Source: http://www.lewrockwell.com/rockwell/headed-to-national-socialism123.html
Once again, Republicans come up with a black candidate who fits the bill as a first-rate loony
The Republican Party doesn't often field black candidates for public office, but when it does, they're usually wingnuts of the first order.
My favorite example is Alan Keyes, who was recruited from outside Illinois to carry the GOP banner against Barack Obama in a U.S. Senate race in 2004 (see HERE). But there have been others — Herman Cain and Allen West, to name just two.
And now there's E.W. Jackson (above), a right-wing clergyman selected by the Republican Party of Virginia as its nominee for lieutenant governor.
Jackson is the homophobe's homophobe, as he makes clear when he says there's “a direct connection” between being gay and being a pedophile.
He also says gays are “frankly very sick people psychologically, mentally and emotionally and they see everything through the lens of homosexuality. When they talk about love they're not talking about love, they're talking about homosexual sex.”
He says gays “want to destroy the very faith which established this nation, its very foundation, because it is an affront to them and they want a sexually amoral society remade in their image.”
He says that “allow[ing] same-sex people to marry is another government sledgehammer used to shatter our Judeo-Christian culture.
He says liberals “and their ideas have done more to kill black folks whom they claim so much to love than the Ku Klux Klan, lynching and slavery and Jim Crow ever did, now that's a fact.”
Oh, yeah! This guy is going to be great boon to the Republican ticket in Virginia.
UPDATE: Meanwhile, the Republican candidate for attorney general in Virginia has SUPPORTED LEGISLATION requiring women to report their miscarriages to police.
Where do they get these kooks?
A diabetic who was suffering from insulin shock when Nevada police officers mistook him for a drunk driver and physically assaulted him will receive a settlement of nearly $300,000.
Adam Greene, 38, settled his lawsuit against the city of Henderson and the state of Nevada on Tuesday night. Under the settlement, Greene will receive $158,000 from the city and $35,000 from the state. His wife will receive an additional $99,000 from the city.
The payout settles a federal civil rights lawsuit that Greene filed against Henderson city police and the Nevada Highway Patrol, accusing them of battery, assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
"We think it's fair. We agreed to it, and we're satisfied," Greene told KTNV about the settlement.
The lawsuit stemmed from a Oct. 29, 2010, traffic stop, portions of which were captured by dashboard cameras mounted in four Nevada Highway Patrol cruisers. Those videos were released Wednesday.
Greene is observed on video swerving in the eastbound lane of the Lake Mead Parkway. When he stops at a traffic light at the Boulder Highway intersection, he is approached by a trooper, who draws his service weapon, kicks the driver's side window and yells, "Don't move! Hey, driver, do not move!"
When the trooper opens the car door, another officer moves in and places a handcuff on one of Greene's wrists. At that point, the state troopers, with assistance from Henderson police officers, pull Greene from his vehicle. The four-door sedan rolls forward until an officer stops it.
Five officers force a dazed and confused Greene to the ground. A sixth officer, from the Henderson police department, then walks over and kicks Greene in the face multiple times, as one of the officers yells, "Stop resisting, motherf***er. Stop resisting, motherf***er!" Another officer repeatedly knees him in the torso.
Once Greene is subdued, an officer finds a vial of insulin on him and announces Greene "could be a diabetic."
Moments later, an officer can be heard talking on the radio to a police dispatcher: "He's a diabetic. He's probably in shock, semiconscious."
Other officers are heard joking about the incident. "[He] was not a small guy," an officer laughs. "I couldn't take him by myself."
Greene was not charged in connection with the traffic stop. At a local hospital, he was treated for low blood sugar and multiple injuries that he said he received during the traffic stop.
"I ended up with two broken ribs. I had some cuts and a black eye on my face," Greene told KTNV. "I was confused, but I wasn't resisting, and I would think this would be incorrect and inappropriate behavior whether I was drunk ... or not drunk."
Greene told the Las Vegas Sun that he was on his way to work when he had the diabetic reaction. He said he is a father of four and has been a diabetic for 26 years.
According to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a Henderson police sergeant involved in the traffic stop was disciplined but remains employed by the department. Nevada's Fox 5 News has identified four of the Henderson police officers involved in the case as Douglas Lynaugh, Francis Shipp, Seth Vanbeveren and Brett Seekatz.
In a groundbreaking move, the Pentagon lifted the ban on women in combat this week. But it's somewhat misleading to report that the military will now allow women to serve in combat, because guess what: women are already serving in combat, just without receiving the requisite benefits and honor that are supposed to follow. Acknowledging as much is facing reality.
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta is expected to announce today that more than 230,000 on-the-ground posts are now open to women. But that doesn't mean women will automatically be able to sign up for any job they please; military leaders have until 2016 to decide whether some positions will still be closed to women. Some jobs will open this year, but more elite and dangerous commando positions will take longer to sort out.
The transition won't be seamless, and much is still up in the air. What will happen to the draft? Will enough women be able to pass the infamously tough Infantry Officer Course? (BTW, most men can't pass it, either.) But large-scale initiatives of this scope are never simple. That's why it's inspiring that few members of Congress opposed the decision. "It reflects the reality of 21st century military operations," Senate Armed Services Committee chairman Sen. Carl Levin told the AP.
Advertisement
Unfortunately, not everyone is ready for that reality. Jerry Boykin, retired Army lieutenant general and executive vice president of the Family Research Council, called the move "another social experiment" that military commanders won't be able to handle. "While their focus must remain on winning the battles and protecting their troops, they will now have the distraction of having to provide some separation of the genders during fast moving and deadly situations," he said.
It was also "distracting" when women first enlisted in the Army, right? (Also "distracting" at first: minorities and openly gay people.) But women now make up about 14 percent of the 1.4 million active military personnel. More than 280,000 women have helped fight in Iraq and Afghanistan, and of the more than 6,600 U.S. service members who have been killed, 152 have been women. So forgive us for being a bit irked at former Marine infantryman Ryan Smith's op-ed in the Wall Street Journal today in which he literally argues that women shouldn't fight on the front lines because men might have to poop in front of them.
"Many articles have been written regarding the relative strength of women and the possible effects on morale of introducing women into all-male units," he writes. "Less attention has been paid to another aspect: the absolutely dreadful conditions under which grunts live during war."
Advertisement
Aw, man. I always envisioned war as a particularly exciting tea party. Does that mean American Girl dolls aren't allowed on base?
Smith describes some of the conditions he experienced as a Marine: wearing chemical protective suits because of the fear of chemical or biological weapon attack, urinating in empty water bottles, defecating "inches from his seated comrade's face" and stripping down to his naked, sore-covered body. Thank heavens no ladies were around to witness that.
Societal norms are a reality, and their maintenance is important to most members of a society. It is humiliating enough to relieve yourself in front of your male comrades; one can only imagine the humiliation of being forced to relieve yourself in front of the opposite sex. Despite the professionalism of Marines, it would be distracting and potentially traumatizing to be forced to be naked in front of the opposite sex, particularly when your body has been ravaged by lack of hygiene. In the reverse, it would be painful to witness a member of the opposite sex in such an uncomfortable and awkward position. Combat effectiveness is based in large part on unit cohesion. The relationships among members of a unit can be irreparably harmed by forcing them to violate societal norms.
Advertisement
"The Pentagon would do well to consider realities of life in combat as it pushes to mix men and women on the battlefield," he writes. But Smith: women are already on the battlefield! As we've covered before, the realities of Afghanistan and Iraq forced women to unofficially join the front lines as medics, military police, and intelligence officers. But since women were technically banned from combat, they weren't able to move up the ranks to higher-paid, elite positions. That constitutes discrimination — and also helped foster an environment in which massive sexual assault scandals were par for the course. Now, thanks to Panetta, they'll have those opportunities.
Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-Illinois), who lost both legs flying helicopters in Iraq, quipped yesterday that she "didn't lose my legs in a bar fight." Her point? "The reality on the ground in a 360 battlefield is that women have been serving in combat." Changing the way the system works won't be easy. But moving backwards isn't an acceptable alternative.
Advertisement
[AP]
[WSJ]
Until now, the only way for people to get such genetic tests was to see a medical professional who would order a test and later deliver the results to patients. Often, patients were required to see a genetic counselor before getting a test.
The process for customers is simple. A customer spits into a tube and then mails it to 23andMe. The company's lab extracts DNA from the saliva cells and tests it with probes that find genetic markers using a special chip for genotyping. In about six to eight weeks the company sends the customer an email saying the results are in. By logging onto an online account, the customer can see the report and its interpretation. It will include not just the genes for disease risk, but also reports of ancestry and results on things like how much the person is likely to weigh and whether alcohol will elicit flushing of the face, shoulders and neck, or even the entire body.
This is not the first foray by 23andMe into direct-to-consumer disease risk testing; several years ago it marketed tests to consumers claiming it could provide genetic information for a variety of diseases from a simple saliva sample. But when the F.D.A. shut that endeavor down in 2013, it told the company it had to prove that its tests were accurate, and that customers understood their results. The F.D.A. established on Thursday what it called “special controls” to permit the company to sell the tests, and future ones, if it met those requirements. The company did that and Tara Goodin, a spokeswoman for the F.D.A., said the agency now intends to issue a new exemption allowing other companies to market similar tests under the same conditions.
While some applaud the F.D.A.'s move, saying people do not always need the intervention of medical professionals and genetic counselors to learn their risk for certain diseases, others worry that it sets a dangerous precedent.
People often need genetic counseling before deciding they want to know if they are at risk for Parkinson's disease, said James Beck, chief scientific officer of the Parkinson's Foundation.
It's been a year since Ty Dolla $ign released his debut project, Free TC -- dedicated to his incarcerated brother Big TC -- and he's already back with another solid gem just in time for election season. While Ty's still promoting the "Free TC" movement, this time around with his new project, Campaign , he's taking a systematic course of action for a specific purpose: putting people around the world on to how dope he is.
Every artist has their time to shine and with Campaign coming through in the fourth quarter, 2017 could definitely be Ty's moment. In the two years since he graced the XXL 2014 Freshman cover , which featured an all-star class including Chance the Rapper and Kevin Gates , Ty has managed to make you question if you're “Paranoid,” changed your vocabulary from “Blah” to “Blasé” and challenged your ride or die status on “Loyal" (yes, he has writing credits on the Chris Brown track).
If great songwriting and hooks make hits, then Ty, 31, has proved his formula is rock solid -- and it's only getting better. After all, if the ladies can sing it, then dudes will rock with it. What other singer-rapper can blend the slick sex talk into a ratchet love song with political messages and leave you feeling hot and ready to vote? This is Ty's lane. Just listen to new tracks like "??? (Where)" with Migos, the Travi$ Scott-assisted "3 Wayz" or "Campaign" featuring Future to find out.
To celebrate his mission, Ty kicked off the first Dolla Day weekend on Friday (Sept. 23) with a pop-up shop and rooftop party in Los Angeles. The turn up ended on Sunday with Dolla Day, his first headlining solo show streamed live on Tidal.
XXL caught up with Ty during the pop-up shop after party, which featured about 75 other guests who trekked up a more than 11-floor walk-up to listen to the sounds of Campaign -- the elevator broke just minutes before the party started. Now that's a dedicated fan base.
Find out more about Ty's Campaign , who he's voting for, his thoughts on the beef between Meek Mill and The Game and more.
XXL : It's the countdown to the presidential vote in November and you release your own Campaign. Why now?
Ty Dolla $ign: I'm on my campaign. I am headed to every city and I am shaking every hand and kissing every baby. I'm lit. It just happens to be campaign season and my campaign is [I'm] one of the dopest people in the game and um, you gon' recognize me. I feel like on Free TC, you know, I feel like I went hard and not enough people recognized. This time I went No. 1 off the gate, on iTunes and everything. It felt good.
Shout out to my brother Future for being part of that song ["Campaign"]. I took it and made it a whole project. Campaign, campaign, campaign!
On the album, you talk about how voting for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton is voting for the lesser of two evils.
The political part of the album is definitely about what is going on right now. I called some of my boys and asked them, "What do you think about what is going on right now?" We recorded it and used it. So you got YG and Vic Mensa on the project. I had a lot of other stuff too but we didn't use it. Minister Farrakhan sent me some stuff, but I didn't use. It just didn't go with the flow of the album.
Your Dolla Day concert series is to promote voting. How important is it for people to still get out and vote this election?
I mean, y'all want Donald Trump to win? So vote, motherfuckers. There are a lot of people saying, "Don't vote," but how smart is that? Alright, cool. Hello, President Donald Trump. Dickheads. That part!
So we know who you're voting for.
Yeah. Even though the Clintons started mass incarceration, which my brother is a victim of, things are going to change though. Somebody made them do that. It wasn't their choice [ laughs ].
Given your Free TC movement, how do you think Hillary and Trump would tackle wrongful incarceration?
I don't know if either of them give a fuck about it, to be real with you. I think they are going to say whatever is going to get us to vote for them, or whatever to get that Black vote. But do they really give a fuck? Does anybody really give a fuck? I do. I give a fuck. I care about people and I've learned in life that the only thing we are here for is to learn and teach. It's just cycle. Everything comes back around, right?
With that said, we can change the shit; we could make it perfect. Everybody just wants to steal each other's energy. There's a whole bunch of egos and everybody just wants to have the biggest dick, but you know it's not about that, man. These girls will still F wit you if you have the biggest or you got the swag. I ain't never had to deal with nothing little, but uh, you know.
D'Mile has production credits on "No Justice" and a few other tracks. How does his sound complement your formula?
He's the guy. He is one of my favorite producers, my favorite musicians in the world. He's been on every single project. D'Mile has helped me create a sound. I texted him when this project dropped and I just thanked him. Our sound is the shit that's going on, but it's classic of the shit that's going on today. Like when you hear Free TC, you're going to fucking notice some shit that you didn't hear the first time.
That's why I love a Timbaland production or a Dr. Dre production. Like when you hear our shit 10 years from now, that shit will still be fucking ridin'. That's because D'Mile really gives a fuck about music. He really plays all of the instruments just like me. If I can't be there and I am on tour, I can trust in D'Mile to get the shit done. On vocals by the way too, a lot of people don't know that.
What made you choose Meek Mill for "Watching" ? What was that session like?
I've always been friends with Meek and I've always liked him as an artist. As soon as we heard the beat and I did my part, me, Gabe and Shadow, my cameraman, and everybody on the tour bus was like, "Yo, we should get Meek Mill on this." We were on a tour bus in Europe, then I brought back my part to a studio in L.A. and ran into Meek and I was like, "Yo, I need you on this shit." He killed it in like five to 10 minutes, freestyled off the top of the head. That shit was incredible. Then he played me some of his shit. That nigga got some bangers right now. I don't know what the fuck he's waiting for. Let's go!
What are your thoughts on the Meek Mill and The Game beef going on right now?
Both of them are my homies and I think the homies should get off the internet. I think we all gangsters and we ain't supposed to be on the internet with our shit. Niggas should have learned that a long ass time ago. I feel like when it's real shit, if it's beef or whatever the fuck they want to call it, niggas should speak like men together. Everybody's watching on the internet so why would you want to talk shit on the internet? I don't do that with girls or anybody. Let's just kept it adult.
Besides your own project you've dropped in 2016, which artist do you think has the best album so far this year?
I like Frank Ocean's album, [ Blonde ]. That shit is hard as fuck. I like BadBadNotGood's album, [ IV] . Who else? I like Jacob Collier. He might be the sickest. He's this little white kid from London, signed to Quincy Jones. Everybody should check his talented ass out, 'cause Dolla $ign said so, you already know I don't play with music. Mac Miler did his shit on his new project too [ The Divine Feminine ].
You graduated from XXL 's Freshman Class in 2014, and now two years later, you've released a few projects and are featured on songs from pop to EDM. Where do you see yourself in five years?
In five years, I see myself getting the Michael Jackson Vanguard award. I see myself getting all types of awards at the Grammys. I see people recognizing that this is real music over here. I just see more young kids after me, getting into real shit. I see more Black bands. I see more music. Like Jacob Collier, once I have seen that I knew that there's hope. You know, they took out music programs in a lot of schools, but maybe that's great because whoever was going to do this was going to do it anyways.
Music is getting doper thanks to people like Kendrick, Drake and J. Cole -- people that actually get music. I am going to be one of the guys that helped bring back real music to our culture. Black people will take soul back. If you haven't noticed, who are the best soul singers out right now? They are not Black. I think Black women will also become the superstar again, like that sought-after woman. For a while, my guys have been choosing up on the White girl and making the White girl the biggest thing. Nothing against that, because I love everybody. But I see a big comeback. Teyana Taylor killed that "Fade" video. We got a lot more to offer. Let's get it!
In an interview, Paula Bennett was asked about her own experience of being on a benefit and whether she was ever dishonest with Work and Income.
Deputy Prime Minister Paula Bennett, who also received a benefit as a sole parent, says she was never in a position of having to lie to Work and Income, as Metiria Turei did.
There has been a mixed political reaction to Ms Turei's admission that she lied to Work and Income in the 1990s so her sole parent benefit would not be cut.
Labour Party leader Andrew Little said Ms Turei was brave and honest to admit to breaking the rules, but National Party MP Steven Joyce said people would be disappointed.
Mrs Bennett said she was often on a sole parent benefit herself, but also said Ms Turei's admission was disappointing.
She said she had never found herself in a position where she had to lie to Work and Income.
"I think people work really hard in this country and they pay their taxes and they want it to be fair and for that we expect people to be honest and not cheating.
"I was often on benefit, I had jobs and I was always trying to get off when I was on, because I wanted to work and didn't want to be on a benefit.
"But no, I didn't deliberately lie, I didn't lie as such about my circumstances ... I didn't lie to them about my circumstances to get more money.
"I remember hard times on the benefit and I've never bought into that people choose to be there ... and that it's a great lifestyle, because it's not, it's actually really hard."
She disagreed with the Green Party policy of removing the practice of cutting benefits to those who failed to comply with particular rules.
"I think we should be talking about the fact that they're talking about taking away work obligations as part of their policy, and I've got to be honest that just completely horrifies me.
"It's never for missing one job interview, there's always a warning system, there's always a series of circumstance.
"I can tell you that for most of those that receive a sanction they never actually get any cut in the weekly amount they get."
She admitted there were thousands of people who did have their benefits cut, however.
"We've equally, though, got the lowest number of sole parents that we've had since 1988.
"And those women and their children - they are predominantly women - are doing so much better off benefit, not just financially but equally for the hope and everything that they've got in that household.
"If you can work you should be, and if you are on a benefit and you can be looking for work then I think most New Zealanders expect there to be a mutual obligation that you're doing that."
Comparing Todd Barclay to Metiria Turei a long bow - deputy PM
She said it was a wide bow to draw to compare it to National MP Todd Barclay who, after a scandal where it is alleged he secretly recorded staff at his electorate office, announced he would not be standing in the next election.
Mr Barclay has not shown up at Parliament for the past three weeks, but was still being paid about $3000 a week.
Mrs Bennett said he was still working.
"He's certainly been advocating on behalf of his electorate, he's still doing that work, he's still doing work on behalf of his constituents and things.
She said it had been recess for the past week and the coming week, and although he had not been at Parliament for the two weeks before that she expected he would return to Parliament after the recess.
"He's not fronting to the media and he doesn't actually have to do that. I mean, he has been doing his job in his electorate and I expect to see him in the next three weeks in Parliament."
"I think most people would give him a week, or six days that he wasn't in Parliament, to be fair."
She said she thought the government did give beneficiaries a fair break as well.
"For those who have their benefits cut the difference is they can recomply really easily, and as such get their benefit back."
This article was originally published by RNZ.
This year marks the 30th anniversary of the Final Fantasy franchise, which means some reflection is definitely in order. The series has been in my top three for as long as I can remember — I began with an old copy of Final Fantasy VI on a friend's SNES, and I've caught up with every main entry in the years following (and most of the spinoff entries, too). Like every other fan, I've got my opinions about the highs and lows over the years, but I have to admit I've enjoyed every single game. (Yes, that includes the divisive XIII trilogy!)
With 30 years of titles behind us, and the fifteenth numbered installment on the horizon, I'm happy to report that World of Final Fantasy is a great way to reminisce. But it's also more than that — whether you're a dork who's tackled every entry (like me) or you've yet to play your first title, this stands on its own as an addictive and fun monster-collecting RPG.
Narratively speaking, World of Final Fantasy feels like a collection of the series' classic characters and tropes in the same way Kingdom Hearts does with Disney properties. It's not quite as organized in its structure though; unlike KH, where every world is kept separate, WoFF's Grymoire serves as a unified compilation of various towns and protagonists. The general feeling is still there, however: you play as Lann and Reynn, a pair of twins who — say it with me — have lost their memories. In order to bring them back, you've got to travel the land and hunt down “Mirages,” creatures which come from the series' beloved stable of monsters. Along the way, you'll battle the forces of the Bahamutian Federation, who seem to be kidnapping summoners for nefarious purposes.
To say the story is ridiculous is, as you might expect, an understatement. The series is both loved and reviled for its convoluted storytelling, and World of Final Fantasy goes right for peak absurdity — with shadowy villains speaking in maddeningly vague terms about prophecies and “chosen ones,” you're kept in the dark about what's going on until the end. But as someone who's always fallen on the side of loving this schlock, I've gotten used to throwing my hands up and just enjoying the insane ride. Besides, the plot is secondary here, serving mostly as an excuse to send Lann and Reynn around the world to meet fan-favorite characters like Cloud and Yuna.
MORE NEWS FROM THE WEB
I do have to single out one aspect of the narrative, though: the dialogue. Apparently, World of Final Fantasy's localization team undertook some of the most complicated work of their careers for this particular game — and if you know a thing or two about Japanese language and culture, you'll understand why when you see some of these cutscenes. Lann and Reynn constantly engage in a distinct style of comedic back-and-forth banter known as manzai, with Lann serving as the boke (funny man) and Reynn as the tsukkomi (straight man).
Since this style of comedy involves a lot of misunderstandings, double entendres and puns, you can see how localization would require a lot of work — particularly when developers requested the essence of the original script remain intact. I have to admire the team's effort, but the results are decidedly mixed, with a lot of the “humor” inspiring cringes and eyerolls rather than laughs. Some of the jokes don't even make any sense: when the duo's Mirage pal Tama mentions a “bat” in one vampire-themed level, Lann pipes up as if he's being addressed. Reynn's retort: “She said ‘bat,' not ‘batty!'” Um… huh?
Such issues aside, World of Final Fantasy's real draw is in its gameplay, which is a perfect blend of the old and the new. Exploring the overworld and its various towns and dungeons is, for the most part, a familiar exercise. For the former, the extent of your interaction is generally limited to chatting with NPCs (all of whom are fully voiced) and undertaking quests for them. In the case of the latter, the paths branch in the usual way — one path leads you closer toward the boss, while the other leads to a dead end with a treasure chest — with the occasional puzzle thrown in for good measure.
Perhaps the most interesting gimmick comes in the form of the protagonists' Lilikin and Jiant forms; while every other person in Grymoire is a chibi Lilikin, Lann and Reynn are able to switch between that form and their normally-proportioned Jiant state. This doesn't come into play much in the overworld, but it plays an important role in combat.
World of Final Fantasy Gallery 1 of 11
Click to skip
MORE FROM THE WEB Click to zoom
Battles are, of course, the bread-and-butter of the series' gameplay, and World of Final Fantasy has a winning combat system. The central gimmick is, as mentioned before, capturing and using Mirages to battle alongside Reynn and Lann. Unlike other monster-capturing titles like Shin Megami Tensei, though, the idea isn't just to form a party — on their own, all the characters are fairly weak. Instead, players need to “stack” the characters on top of one another, combining their stats and abilities into a single unit.
Since Mirages come in different sizes (S, M, L and XL), stacking works differently depending on your form. If you're a Jiant (L size), you can stack M and S Mirages on your head; if you're a Lilikin (M size), you can stand atop an L Mirage while having a S stand on you. As for those XL Mirages, well, they're essentially summons that stand in for the party temporarily, similar to the way Aeons work in Final Fantasy X.
Of course, you've got to capture Mirages before you can start stacking them, and it's in this mechanic that World of Final Fantasy finds an addictive hook. The process of “imprisming” a Mirage begins with creating a “prismtunity,” the conditions for which vary from monster to monster. Some only require that you damage them, while others demand to be the only ones left standing on the battlefield or to be afflicted with a specific buff or status effect. The further you get in the game, the more varied a move set you'll need to capture more Mirages — and, naturally, the best way to increase your abilities is by leveling up a diverse set of party members.
Also taking cues from Final Fantasy X, each character has a Sphere Grid-esque “Mirage Board” that unlocks stat upgrades and special moves. These systems combine to form a fun and interesting collect-a-thon that gets deeper as you go on; you'll gather as many Mirages as you can without needing to swap members at first, but soon find yourself digging through your reserves and Mirage Boards to find the specific move you need to capture the trickier monsters.
Knowing that World of Final Fantasy was getting a dual release on PS4 and Vita, I went in prepared to be underwhelmed by the visuals… and came out pleasantly surprised! Sure, some of the game's textures are decidedly low-resolution, but I was impressed by just how much Square Enix added to the console version to make it stand out. Most notably, characters and environments greatly benefit from the use of advanced lighting effects.
When it comes to the audio, I very much enjoyed the performances given by the voice actors. I was especially enthused by the fact that Square Enix not only saw fit to include both the Japanese and English language voice tracks, but also chose to list both of the respective voice actors alongside a given character's bio in the “Who's Who” guide. As for the soundtrack, this is one I'll be playing in the background while writing from now on; it's a collection of stellar remixes and energetic new tracks that franchise fans will love.
World of Final Fantasy is a wonderful celebration of the franchise's last 30 years, bringing together people, places and monsters from across the 14 numbered titles (and even a few extra surprises). As a series fan, I relished the opportunity to revisit some of my favorite characters and environments in gaming, but you need not be nostalgic to enjoy what's on offer here. World more than holds its own as a stand-alone experience, combining addictive monster collecting with classic, high-quality RPG mechanics. However long you've held the series in your heart, be it zero years, five, fifteen or all thirty, this is one well worth sinking your time into.
This review is based on the PS4 version of the game, which we were provided with.
In the whole history of the automobile, there have been surprisingly few iconic models. If you count ones that went on to be a success (I'm sorry DeLorean), and were also affordable to the regular guy on the street, you are left with remarkably few car models. One car that certainly does fit into that category is the Audi TT. Since its launch in 1998 it hasn't been an altogether smooth ride, but isn't that always the case when a company pushes boundaries with design and manufacturing techniques?
One thing that was obvious from day one was that Audi had produced a head turner, a motor that people would want to get behind the wheel of and show off on their drives. And most importantly, want to drive. So almost two decades since it first hit our roads, what is the real story of the TT, and what does its future hold?
MKI (1998-2006)
The story of the Audi TT begins in the spring of 1994, at its design center in Santa Monica, California. Designers Freeman Thomas and J. Mays – who would later also come up with the design for VW's New Beetle – came up with the jaw dropping exterior design of the TT, while the award-winning interior design was the work of a team comprising of Romulus Rost, Martin Smith, Hartmut Warkuss and Peter Schreyer.
From day one, it was the project's aim to not only fill the gaping sportscar-shaped hole in their range that the Quattro had left in 1991, but to create something truly special. In Rost's words – to design a true sports car, that was exciting and would evoke people's curiosity. The design team took inspiration from everywhere and everything – music, architecture, fashion, plus some decidedly leftfield places. Baseball featured prominently in the designer's concept scrapbook. The seats in the Roadster are shaped like baseball gloves, and Rost particularly liked the idea of the way that the ball is contained and held firmly in place by the glove, becoming one with it. That was what he wanted the people inside the TT to also feel like.
The first appearance of the TT was at the 1995 Frankfurt Motor Show as a concept car, but it was to be another 3 years before it was rolled off the production line. There were several reasons for this. The main one was that despite the TT sharing some features from the likes of the Mk4 Golf, it had many new design features, and utilized innovative manufacturing techniques. One of these, a never before used laser welding system – allowing for seamless design features – caused several setbacks, until it was mastered to create the now familiar TT.
Despite these delays, the car that became available to an intrigued public in September 1998 was practically identical to the one that featured in Frankfurt three years earlier. Initially available as a Coupe, the Roadster followed in August of the following year.
Initial reactions were good. In a world when computer design suites were starting to make it difficult to tell one car or even one manufacturer from another, the TT was a breath of fresh air. Its stunning looks and smooth lines made it look like one of the first concept cars to actually make it onto the road commercially. Looks would take a backseat unfortunately, when a series of high-profile, and equally high-speed crashes made the headlines. At speeds exceeding 110 mph the car became unstable when carrying out sharp maneuvers, prompting a recall. Several modifications were eventually added, including Audi's Electronic Stability Program and a rear spoiler – spoiling the lines slightly.
TT – What's in a Name
There are a couple of different theories of the origin of its name, but it seems that the truth is certainly better than the fiction. The Audi TT actually takes its name from the successful motor racing tradition of NSU in the British Isle of Man TT (Tourist Trophy) motorcycle race held on the Isle of Man in May/June every year. NSU was a manufacturer of automobiles and motorcycles located in Neckarsulm in Germany. It began competing in the iconic TT races in 1911, a tradition it successfully carried on right on into the 1960s with models including the 1000TT, 1200TT and TTS. After being bought by VW in 1969, it was merged with Auto Union to become Audi NSU Auto Union AG, and eventually Audi shortly after that. Of course, this isn't the only time that Audi has had associations with a renowned motorcycle manufacturer.
As for the TT race itself, that continues to go from strength to strength. From its inaugural year in 1907 (moving to its current Snaefell Mountain Course in 1911), it quickly gained the reputation of the most prestigious and most dangerous race in the world. It is still one of the main highlights on the racing calendar, attracting tens of thousands of racing and non-racing fans alike.
MKII (2006-2014)
After boldly announcing in 2004 that the next generation of TTs would be made of aluminum, Audi showcased the new style in the guise of an Audi Shooting Break Concept car at the Tokyo Motor Show in 2005. The MKII hit production in August 2006, with several enhancements and modifications on its younger sibling.
Five inches longer and three wider, the new version cleverly combined aluminum (front body panels), and steel (rear panels) resulting in practically neutral front-to-rear weight distribution. As well as an enhanced suspension system, the MKII also featured a new and improved rear spoiler that automatically extended when driven faster than 75 mph and retracted at speeds below 50mph. A switch on the drivers console also allowed it to be operated manually. Best of all, Audi imported the Audi TTRS to the United States, which came in manual transmission only and packed an inline 5 cylinders turbocharged engine – which I've featured in a previous post here.
MKIII (2014-Present) & Beyond
With the previous versions of the TT selling more than half a million units between them, there were big boots to fill for the MKIII when it was previewed at the Detroit Motor Show in 2014 as a concept car, and then as the real thing in Geneva later the same year. The MKIII uses the VW MQB platform, and is available in both TFSI and TDI engine formats, the former comes with a Quattro all-wheel drive model, while the TDI is front-wheel drive.
The MKIII has more than carried on from where its predecessors left off. The body shape has changed subtly, it is lower, wider and lighter. And more powerful. It still uses a combination of steel and aluminum – this time much of the skin is aluminum as well.
Looking through a crystal ball, it would appear exciting times are ahead for Audi and the TT in particular. The new TT RS is expected to hit the road this year (2016), while the stunning TT Clubsport (pictured above) looks set to make some waves.
In a world where so many manufacturers tend to play it safe in terms of design the Audi TT has constantly railed against the norm producing gorgeous automobiles that are not beyond the means of the ordinary man on the street. Even in the choice of its name is impressive – taking something from the past, a symbol of a rich, dramatic and exhilarating sporting tradition, and using it to name something so ground-breaking, so ahead of its time sums up the ethos of the TT perfectly.
I don't think a renowned New York Times critic was exaggerating when he called the Audi TT “historically significant” and nominated it for “car of the century.”
Manama: Saud King Salman Bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud has replaced the head of the royal protocol for slapping a photojournalist covering the arrival of Morocco's King Mohammad VI in Riyadh.
A video clip of the warm accolade between King Salman and King Mohammad near the Moroccan plane at the airport also showed in the background Mohammad Al Tibaishi slapping the journalist, a few metres away from the two leaders. The security guard promptly stepped in to contain the incident.
The clip went viral on the Internet amid calls by bloggers for action against Al Tibaishi for abusing his authority against the helpless journalist.
King Salman issued a royal order shortly after the incident replacing Al Tibaishi with Khalid Al Abad, 56, with a wide experience in court protocols.
According to local news site Sabq, Al Tibaishi was removed by the late King Abdullah from his position as head of protocol in 2013, but was reinstated three months later.
No reasons were given for the removal or the reinstatement at the time.
“This is a great day for journalists and media figures,” Abdullah Al Bergawi, a journalist, said. “Removing the head of the royal protocol in support of a journalist is a clear consolidation of the status of the media and a victory for journalism. King Salman is again showing that no-one is above the law and that all people, officials or not, are to be held responsible for their words and deeds and for not respecting people's right to dignity,” he said.
Last month, King Salman banned a senior member of the royal family from appearing on public and private television channels after he uttered remarks deemed racist.
Prince Mamdooh Bin Abdul Rahman Al Saud, an honorary member of the Riyadh-based Al Nasr sports club, was also prevented from making statements to print or audio media and from taking part in all sports activities.
The ban was imposed after Prince Mamdooh in a live talk show on Saudi Sports Television questioned the merit of Adnan Jestiyeh, a sports writer, to comment on Saudi sports, referring to him as “Tarsh”.
The term is a pejorative reference to “pilgrim remnants”, usually young children left in the kingdom by their parents as they performed pilgrimage.
King Salman also sacked the health minister for denigrating remarks by a citizen who was complaining the ministry was not doing enough to assist his bed-ridden father.
The Riyadh airport incident and the reaction by King Salman prompted bloggers to heap praise on the mnarch for vindicating the photojournalist and “helping the helpless against abuses by people with authority.”
“Salman is obviously the champion of the needy,” Said posted. “History will recall his name as a courageous and brave leader who sought and delivered justice.”
Patriot said that King Salman would be recalled as the king who put deeds ahead of promises.
“You are genuinely defending the people's right to live in dignity,” he said. “We love you for truly taking action before uttering promises and for upholding our dignity. You are the King of Resolve,” he said, in reference to the Storm of Resolve Operation led by Saudi Arabia to restore legitimacy in Yemen.
I like Android. There, I said it. Sometimes I feel so attached that I wish I could use the platform on my laptop as well. I've done most of my blogging for the past few years from a Chromebook, so I'm used to accepting constraints.
The folks at Jide apparently had the same desire, because they managed to adapt much of the software to a traditional desktop interface. The end result was surprisingly well-done. The problem is that the Remix Mini, Jide's desktop PC with a disappointing 1.2GHz Allwinner A53 processor, could not deliver more than a slow and janky experience.
Now Jide has come up with the ideal solution. Later this month the company will offer Remix OS as a download that you can install on a PC of your choice, as long as it has a USB legacy boot option. You will need a USB 3.0 flash drive with at least 8GB of space.
Remix OS is built on the Android-x86 project and will be able to run on Intel-based computers, including some Macs. Like a standard Linux distribution, you will have the option to dual boot with your pre-existing operating system. The download will be available for free once it launches in a matter of weeks.
Razer's 2014 Blade Pro seems to be caught between two hardware generations. While its less-professional cousin, the 14-inch Blade, benefits from an enormous bump in graphics horsepower and display resolution this year, the 17-inch Blade Pro looks much the same as it did in 2013.
Razer abided by the “If it ain't broke, don't fix it” axiom here, and I can't fault them: The Blade Pro was a beautiful, sleek, and capable machine in 2013, and all that remains true in its present incarnation.
The Blade Pro ships with an Nvidia GeForce GTX 860M that's slightly faster than last year's 765M, but not spectacularly so. Nvidia has crammed some new game-related features into the 800M series though: Battery Boost and ShadowPlay.
Battery Boost allows the computer to dynamically adjust the power draw of the GPU to keep games at a steady 30 frames per second (or higher/lower, depending on your own preferences). ShadowPlay leans into the YouTube, share-everything obsession of modern players by automatically capturing footage in the background without a performance hit.
The Razer Blade pro features a large 17-inch display and an all-alumuinum chassis.
Also under the hood: an Intel i7-4700HQ processor (the same as last year), 16GB of DDR3/1600 memory (twice as much as last year), and a 128-, 256-, or 512GB solid-state drive (our review unit was outfitted with a 256GB SSD). There aren't any other options for more capacious onboard storage, so digital hoarders beware. Three USB 3.0 ports are on the left side of the machine, along with HDMI, a combo headphone/microphone port, and a gigabit ethernet port. If you prefer to go wireless, the Blade Pro sports an 802.11ac Wi-Fi adapter and Bluetooth 4.0.
All the Blade Pro's I/O ports are on the left side, so righties will need to route the mouse cable around the back of the display.
In lay terms
So what does all that mean for practical, day-to-day use? Perfectly acceptable performance that won't take your breath away, but that stacks up fine against the competition on most counts. Razer's machine earned a Laptop WorldBench 9 score of 106, which put it just slightly ahead of our reference machine: A Dell XPS 15 with an Intel Core i7-4702HQ and an Nvidia GeForce GT 750M video processor. But as you can see in the chart below, it lagged behind both the 2014 edition of the Alienware 17 ($2968) and the Digital Storm Krypton ($2251).
The Razer Pro outperformed our reference system, a Dell XPS 15, in our WorldBench 9 benchmark suite. But it trailed the the Alienware 17 and Digital Storm Krypton gaming laptops.
The Blade Pro's gaming performance won't blow your mind, either, but it does exceed the 60 frames-per-second threshold that most gamers expect from a gaming rig. The Blade Pro delivered BioShock Infinite at 70.4 frames per second, with resolution set to 1920x1080 pixels and image quality at medium. But BioShock has been around for a while, so there isn't a lot of headroom to accommodate future AAA titles that will demand more resources. The Alienware 17 and Krypton both run Nvidia's top-shelf GeForce GTX 880M, and each of those machines can play BioShock at more than 120fps.
The Razer Pro delivered BioShock Infinite at a healthy frame rate, but Nvidia's GeForce GTX 880M helped its bigger, heavier components outperform it.
The Blade Pro's battery hung on for a respectable 3 hours and 18 minutes in our punishing battery-drain test. That's 20 minutes longer than the Alienware 17, which uses Intel's newer Core i7-4910Q CPU (Razer picked Intel's Core i7-4702HQ), but six minutes short of the Krypton (Digital Storm uses an Intel Core i7-4700HQ). All the major gaming laptop manufacturers have hit the same battery wall—20 minutes of battery life won't have a big impact on anyone's buying decision.
As with most gaming laptops, you won't want to stray far from an AC outlet while using the Razer Pro.
So the Blade Pro's performance is at the high-end laptop scale, but it's far from the top of the heap.
Weight matters
Powerful gaming laptops are no longer uncommon. A few manufacturers, Alienware among them, once dominated this market, but now there are many, many players in this space. But in their quest for power, many of these companies seem to have forgotten the reason for buying a laptop in the first place: Road trips!
Take the Alienware 17. That beast weighs more than nine pounds. Add its power supply and you're schlepping 11.5 pounds. That's enough to put a strain on the strongest of computer bags, not to mention your shoulder. The Krypton is slightly lighter than the Alienware, but it ends up weighing about the same as that machine when you take its power brick into account.
The Blade Pro is impressively thin and light for its size.
The Blade Pro weighs in at just 6.6 pounds, and its power supply adds just one more). And where its two competitors are both nearly two inches thick, Razer's machine is a svelte 0.88 inches). Those measurements put the Razer Pro in the same class as Apple's MacBook Pro line, with similar attention paid to aesthetics. The Blade Pro's black aluminum case, however, shows every single fingerprint. I left a bevy of them just putting the computer in my bag.
Razer provides a surprisingly small power supply for the Blade Pro, which helps keep its total carry weight to a manageable 7.5 pounds.
Like most laptops, the Blade Pro's keyboard uses modified scissor switches, although Razer designed these in-house. The keyboard is not too bad to type on, though the keys have very little travel. The Blade Pro also features N-key rollover, an essential, and now fairly standard feature for gaming keyboards that enables you to hold down as many keys as you want without overloading the computer with input data. The keyboard is also fully backlit, although your only color choice is Razer's eye-searing brand of green.
And then there's SwitchBlade.
The SwitchBlade
The SwitchBlade is the feature that sets the Blade Pro apart from the smaller, lighter Blade. It's essentially a low-resolution, touchscreen display embedded to the right of the keyboard, supplemented by 10 LCD buttons. The screen can display just about anything, and you use Razer's software to map context-sensitive commands to the 10 buttons above it. You can play a game on the primary display, for instance, and watch a YouTube video, browse Twitter, or chat with your Twitch viewers using the smaller display.
It's a very cool concept, but the compromises Razer had to make to build a device that's both a touchpad and a display culminate in an underwhelming experience. The resolution—800x480 pixels—is a far cry from the density we see in modern smartphones. Images look disappointingly fuzzy. And unlike a genuine touchscreen, you can't use the display as a trackpad while SwitchBlade is active (you can use it to control apps displayed on the trackpad, but not the apps displayed on the primary LCD). You must plug in a mouse if you want to take advantage of the SwitchBlade's dual-screen potential.
SwitchBlade is a better display than it is a trackpad.
Actually, I'd recommend using mouse anyway. The secondary display exhibits considerably more friction than a normal trackpad. It's usable, but it's not exactly pleasant. Your fingers drag across the surface, making it difficult to navigate around the screen with any speed or precision. SwitchBlade isn't a bad concept, but it's not as revolutionary as it appears when someone sees it over your shoulder. I'm not convinced compromising trackpad usability for to gain a second display is a worthwhile tradeoff.
Is it for you?
The Blade Pro is a moderately powerful machine designed for the average user, versus the hardcore crowd. While I love a laptop that can run games on the highest settings without a stutter, “normal” gaming laptops are portable in name only. The Blade Pro isn't as fast as those machines, but it's a whole lot easier on my back when I need to hit the road. It's fast enough, and it's beautiful: Strangers will compliment your choice in hardware, as opposed to staring with pity at the horrific monstrosity you've somehow dragged into your lap. Here's hoping Razer gives the 2015 the full makeover it deserves.
We will be performing a scheduled maintenance on FEB 26, 2019(UTC). Further details regarding the maintenance are listed below for your reference.UTC (Universal Time Coordinated): FEB 26, 02:00 – 13:00KST (Korean Standard Time): FEB 26, 11:00 – 22:00PST (Pacific Standard Time): FEB 25, 18:00 – FEB 26, 05:00EST (Eastern Standard Time): FEB 25, 21:00 – FEB 26 08:00- Harlem: Shadows of Kashipa- Harlem Royale- Rental Care Service- Harlem Attendance- The Adventurer's Guide to Harlem- Item of the Month- Welcome to Harlem Package- Mileage points will be reset during the maintenance.- New items have been added to the mileage shop.- Adventurer Academics page will be temporarily unavailable until March 12th due to a system upgrade. (Starting March 12th, you will be able to register guides directly on the Adventurer Academics page. There will also be related events so please look forward to it.)- Facebook/Google accounts will be unlinked from Steam accounts after the update. Steam accounts will only be able to log in to the website using their steam accounts. (Cannot login with Facebook/Google accounts.)- Max. usable level of Single-use Equipment Reinforcer & Single-use Equipment Refiner from lost treasure have been increased to Lv. 95.1. Facebook: All I want for Harlem is….2. DFO ExStream Event3. Instagram: #JumpingDFOThank you.- Dungeon Fighter Online Support Team
Dear DFO adventurers,Below are the known issues after the maintenance on FEB 26th.1. Damage fonts are missing for some players.- We are currently investigating the issue and will notify you when we have an update.2. Some skills are no longer available on skill titles.- Male Crusader's Striking, Wisdom of Blessing skills are no longer available with this patch. We will be changing skill titles with Striking and Wisdom of Blessing to Divine Invocation with the upcoming patch. If you used the Omni Bead to enchant a skill title with Striking or Wisdom of Blessing, those titles will be changed to Divine Invocation as well.3. Cannot rent equipment from Rental Care Service event after renting a weapon from Neo Premium.- If your Rental Care Service shows equipment rental as already completed, please change the channel to resolve the issue.We apologize for any incovenience these issues may have caused.Thank you.- Dungeon Fighter Online Support Team
Reviews
“Dungeon Fighter Online has proven itself to be a timeless classic and the love and support shown by the game's developers only proves that this game should have never disappeared in the first place. With its heavily skill-based combat, excellent PvP structure and old school vibe, DFO is a game that every fan of beat ‘em ups and fighting games alike should try out. Despite some of its issues, the pros definitely outweigh the cons on this. I don't tend to speak highly of F2P games these days, but this one in particular gains my highest recommendation.”
4/5 – mmohuts
“From first-time gamers to experts of both the fighting and MMO game styles, Dungeon Fighter Online has aspects and techniques ready to ensure a good experience for a massive range of people. With such selections available, it is easy to see why so many people continue to play Dungeon Fighter, and even easier to see why people would come back time and again to play new characters and try out even more aspects of the game.”
mmorpg
“The connection Neople has made with its English-speaking community is unprecedented, and it may be one of the reasons the game makes it to launch and (hopefully) succeeds. This is how communicating with consumers should be: Completely organic.”
gameskinny
VANCOUVER — Milestones in the Northern Gateway project:
March 6, 2002: Calgary-based Enbridge announces preliminary plans for a pipeline linking the Alberta oil sands to the West Coast.
[np_storybar title=”Even without Northern Gateway pipeline, Canada could still get its oil to China: IEA” link=”https://business.financialpost.com/2014/06/17/even-without-northern-gateway-pipeline-canada-could-still-get-its-oil-to-china-iea/?__lsa=0c0f-ef0e”%5DWithin 5 years, Canada could be shipping 300,000 barrels a day to China, even if Ottawa rejects the controversial pipeline proposal, International Energy Agency says. Keep reading.
[/np_storybar]
April 14, 2005: The company announces a deal with PetroChina Co. to transport oil from Alberta to the B.C. coast for export. The pipeline is expected to be in operation in 2010.
Nov. 1, 2006: With the National Energy Board process already underway, Enbridge announces it will delay Northern Gateway and focus on expanding pipelines to U.S. market.
March 23, 2010: Coastal First Nations declares a ban on oil supertankers from the Pacific North Coast. It is the first aboriginal ban on the project.
May 27, 2010: Enbridge files its application to the National Energy Board to build the Northern Gateway pipeline and tanker terminal.
Sept. 9, 2010: The panel determines the company has submitted enough information for the project to proceed to public hearings.
Jan. 9, 2012: Then-natural resources minister Joe Oliver issues an open letter branding oil pipeline opponents “radicals” who are attempting to “hijack” the hearing process with funds from “foreign special interest groups.”
Jan. 10, 2012: Joint review panel begins public hearings that travel throughout B.C. and Alberta over next 18 months.
March and April 2012: Federal government announces changes to Navigable Waters Act and Canadian Environmental Assessment Act. Changes include giving cabinet final decision on projects rather than regulators, restricting public participation in reviews and limiting scope of reviews.
May 2012: Enbridge is ridiculed (see video below) for a sleek promotional video portraying Douglas Channel into Kitimat that excludes hundreds of islands that would lie in the path of tankers on their way to port.
July 11, 2012: The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board releases a damning report on a July 2010 spill of 3.3 million litres of diluted bitumen from an Enbridge pipeline into Kalamazoo River, likening the clean-up to Keystone Kops.
July 27, 2012: B.C. Premier Christy Clark announces her government will not support Northern Gateway or any other oil pipeline project unless it meets five conditions, including a “fair share”' of revenues for the province.
Sept. 26, 2012: A coalition of conservation groups files suit in Federal Court to force Ottawa to protect endangered and threatened species along the route of the proposed pipeline, including Pacific humpback whales.
March 18, 2013: Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver announces first of several changes to marine safety rules for oil tankers. Several measures will also be announced for pipeline liability on land.
May 31, 2013: B.C. government lawyers tell the federal review panel that the province does not support the pipeline project as proposed.
June 24, 2013: Federal review hearings come to a close.
Nov. 5, 2013: The B.C. government capitulates on revenue-sharing, saying a share of Alberta's revenues from heavy oil pipelines is off the negotiating table.
Dec. 5, 2013: Vancouver lawyer Doug Eyford issues report saying Ottawa must build trust with First Nations.
Dec. 19, 2013: Federal joint review panel issues report recommending approval of Northern Gateway project, subject to 209 conditions.
Jan. 17, 2014: First of 10 applications filed in Federal Court and the Federal Appeal Court by environmental and First Nations groups seeking judicial review of panel recommendation to approve project.
Feb. 14, 2014: Federal Court finds federal environment and fisheries ministers broke the law by failing to enforce Species at Risk Act in a lawsuit brought in relation to pipeline route.
April 13, 2014: Residents of Kitimat, site of the proposed marine terminal, vote against Northern Gateway in non-binding municipal plebiscite with a vote of 58.4% opposed and 41.6% in favour.
April 22, 2014: Environment Canada announces status of Pacific humpback whales will be upgraded from “threatened” to “species of special concern.”
May 13, 2014: Transport Minister Lisa Raitt announces new rules for marine spill response.
May 14, 2014: New Natural Resources Minister Greg Rickford announces more new rules for pipeline safety.
May 27, 2014: Rickford announces Ottawa will open a major projects management office in B.C. to work with First Nations on energy projects.
How often have you heard feminists bitch and moan about the responsibility that women must bear for using birth control? You'd think the womb whiners would be happy that a male Pill was tested and found effective, ready to market. But, no. That would be thinking rationally, and feminists are allergic to reason and logic. Here's a video of a Brazilian endocrinologist who recalls the time he was at a conference discussing the male Pill when a gaggle of feminists led by the ugly Betty Friedan (his words, accurate nevertheless) shouted him down with chants of “No male pill!”.
So why would feminists be against a male Pill? According to the doc, their answer is that they don't want the decision to have a child or not taken away from women. In other words, they believe that men having decision-making power over their own reproduction is tantamount to taking that reproductive power away from women. The male Pill, in a twisted feminist's mind, is akin to outlawing abortion or the female Pill.
I've said it before, but it always bears repeating because the message isn't getting out fast and far enough: feminists don't give a rat's ass about “equality” or phantoms of inequality; all they care about is power. Feminism is a power grab, plain and simple. It is war by politics, its artillery ideological zeal and the veneer of intellectual sophistry. Feminists want the ability and unanswerable freedom to have a kid or not have a kid completely at their own whim, regardless of the man's feelings on the matter and with no concern for his opinion or his presupposed legal rights. A male Pill robs women of the option to ensnare men in gotcha pregnancies, and that is a dilution of female power that feminists just won't tolerate.
The motivating impulse of feminists, besides the ugliness of its fiercest advocates, is hatred for male sexuality. Feminists loathe male desire. Their envy of men's relative sexual freedom, men's libidinous vitality, and men's broader psychological landscape manifests as an abhorrence of the peculiar characteristics that distinguish the male sex, in drive and personality, from the female sex. Feminists routinely lie in service to their hatred, a hatred which is unquenchable.
Feminine women are not like this. Feminine women love men for who they are, love to bathe in the energy of male sexuality, and love the innate advantages that men bring to the division of love and labor between the sexes. Feminine women are not feminist women. It's good to remind the good women of that truth, and to beat the soulless ugly machine feminists, male feminists included, over the head with that same truth.
Sunnyside, WASH.--Some of the biggest dairy farmers in the Yakima Valley are facing threats of a lawsuit, after an EPA report showed dangerous levels of nitrates in the groundwater.
The EPA report claims around four dairies are exceeding the federal safety limit of nitrates by five times as much, polluting people's water. Now, environmental organizations like CARE and the Center For Food Safety are threatening to sue.
"It confirms what CARE has known for around a decade, that the groundwater around the large dairies in the lower Yakima Valley is severely contaminated," said Charlie Tebbutt, the attorney representing CARE.
The Washington Dairy Federation said this is all too familiar. They've been dealing with threats of lawsuits for over a decade.
"It's just so unbelievably counterproductive," said Executive Director of the Washington Dairy Federation Jay Gordon. "We've got a nitrate problem in Yakima, there's no question."
The dairies under the radar are Liberty and Bosma dairies, Cow Palace, R & M Haak and Sons Dairy and the George DeRuyter and Sons Dairy. The Washington Dairy Federation said it's unfair to point fingers at only a few families when everyone who grows food or uses fertilizer in the valley is contributing to the nitrate problem.
"This is a problem around the basin, and it needs to be solved around the basin," said Gordon.
Tebbutt said this is also a problem around the country, and this case has a chance to set a national precedent.
"We hope that this will just be the beginning of action across the country to clean up these operations." said Tebbutt.
"This too shall pass," said Gordon. "I just hope it doesn't put too many families out of business, and it's going to put some out of business.
The Washington Dairy Federation said they believe the EPA results are misleading and inaccurate. They're taking another thorough look at the report before they decide what to do next.
L ast week we featured an article entitled, Why I Am Not A Mormon. Some of our readers requested a similar article on Jehovah's Witnesses. Today's article is in response to that, in an effort to love people by pointing them to the knowledge of the true, saving Jesus Christ.
If you were to ask me why I am not a Jehovah's Witness, though there are many reasons, these would be the top three:
JW teaching is derived from a misleading translation of the Bible.
Jehovah's Witnesses ascribe to the Bible as their sacred text for faith and practice. However, only one translation, the Watchtower Society's New World Translation (NWT), is encouraged for JW use. Since it's inception in 1961, the NWT has undergone a few revisions.
JW's also rely heavily upon a few other works produced by the Watchtower Society for beliefs and doctrinal dissemination.
The Watchtower is a periodical featured in over 200 languages, with 53 million copies printed monthly, started by JW founder, Charles Taze Russell, in 1879. The periodical's purpose is to show “the significance of world events in the light of Bible prophecies” and “it comforts people with the good news of God's Kingdom and promotes faith in Jesus Christ.”
Awake! is the other JW periodical, also with some 50 million printed monthly in over 100 languages. It “shows us how to cope with today's problems and builds confidence in the Creator's promise of a peaceful and secure new world.”
Another heavily relied upon work is a book called Reasoning from the Scriptures, which lists out the Watchtower Society's answers to various Bible questions and is often used as a training manual for converts and proselytizing.
Though the Watchtower, Awake!, and Reasoning from the Scriptures are not said to be canonical, they often function that way. JW's are often systematically, and rigorously (some JW's talk of going from knowing nothing of the Bible to knowing much in a few week's time), catechized from these works. Former JW's will tell you that they are discouraged from studying anything but the NWT and the Watchtower Society writings.
One can read the NWT, Awake!, and the Watchtower in everything from English to Chinese to Malay to Zulu.
Despite its multiple editions, the NWT contains many alarming translation errors, making it unreliable at best. Four errors are briefly considered here, comparing the English Standard Version (ESV) with the NWT:
1) John 1:1.
ESV: “In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.”
NWT: “In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was a god.”
The NWT commits a serious error here by inserting the indefinite article, “a,” to render the phrase, “a god.” The rationalization is that the indefinite article is absent in the original. However, as Daniel Wallace points out, there are 282 occurrences of the word “God” in the NT without the definite article yet only 6% of the time do they translate it indefinite (a god, etc.). And if we follow their translation principle consistently, for example, then “the beginning” should be “a beginning,” life should be “a life,” and John should be “a John” in 1:6 (Greek Grammar Beyond the Basics, 267). Also, the Greek grammatical rule, “Colwell's Rule,” applied to this verse leans in favor of the definiteness. Finally, we see that God knows what he is doing with his word in that this particular Greek construction, without the definite article, demonstrates that Christ/the Word is God, but God the Father is not Christ/the Word.
We can conclude with the late, competent exegete, Charles Feinberg, when he said, “I can assure you that the rendering which the Jehovah's Witnesses give John 1:1 is not held by any reputable Greek scholar” (Rhodes, 99).
2) Colossians 1:16-17.
ESV: “For by him all things were created, in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or rulers or authorities—all things were created through him and for him. And he is before all things, and in him all things hold together.”
NWT: “because by means of him all other things were created in the heavens and on the earth, the things visible and the things invisible, whether they are thrones or lordships or governments or authorities. All other things have been created through him and for him. Also, he is before all other things, and by means of him all other things were made to exist.” (bold added)
The NWT inserts the word, “other,” four times in the English, yet the Greek word does not appear once in the original. Why is this significant? Since JW teaching asserts that Christ was created, they must insert the word to maintain that he created the “other things,” as he himself is one of the created things.
3) Colossians 2:9.
ESV: “For in him the whole fullness of deity dwells bodily.”
NWT: “Because it is in him that all the fullness of the divine quality dwells bodily.”
Here the NWT mistranslates the Greek word θεότητος as “divine quality.” Yet the overwhelming exegetical evidence and agreement is that the word does not speak of qualities or traits that are divine, or divine-like, but simply the very essence and nature of deity.
4) Hebrews 1:6.
ESV: “And again, when he brings the firstborn into the world, he says, ‘Let all God's angels worship him.'”
NWT: “But when he again brings his Firstborn into the inhabited earth, he says: ‘And let all of God's angels do obeisance to him.'”
The issue here is with the word, “obeisance,” which is much closer to “worship” in the original. Interestingly, the 1961 NWT translated the word, “worship,” though it has since changed. In either case, this would pose a problem since God would be commanding the angels to worship Christ, a fellow angel (see below, #2). The problem is further complicated in that the angel in Revelation 22:8-9 refused worship from John. Also, the rhetorical question is asked in Hebrews 1:5, “For to which of the angels did he ever say, ‘You are my Son'…?” to demonstrate that Christ is not an angel, but God to whom worship is due. Finally, Hebrews 1:8 helps settle the issue: “But of the Son he says, ‘Your throne, O God, is forever and ever…'”
Interestingly, these severe translation blunders all have one thing in common: distorting the plain sense of the original text to the detriment of the deity of Jesus Christ.
Either the NWT translators did not possess a sufficient knowledge of the biblical languages to produce a reliable translation or they are intentionally distorted the plain sense of the languages for theological reasons, or both.
Other problems exist with the NWT. There was the 1954 scandal in which it was revealed that four of the five men on the NWT translation committee had no training in Hebrew or Greek, while the fifth had a questionable knowledge of the languages.
Competent NT Greek scholars also repudiate the NWT. Bruce Metzger said it was a “frightful mistranslation,” “erroneous,” “pernicious,” and “reprehensible” (Cited in Ron Rhodes, Reasoning from the Scriptures with Jehovah's Witnesses, 96). William Barclay said that the “deliberate distortion of truth by this sect is seen in their New Testament translation…It is abundantly clear that a sect which can translate the New Testament like that is intellectually dishonest” (Rhodes, 96).
The NWT is therefore, not simply an unreliable translation, but, in many ways, a misleading translation. Since the Watchtower insists on this translation for faith and practice, many of its teachings cannot be embraced as biblical truth.
JW teaching denies the deity of Christ.
Similar to Mormonism, the descriptors of Christ appear similar to those in biblical Christianity. However, the Christ of JW teaching is radically different from the Christ of the Bible.
To begin, the Watchtower denies the Trinity; that God is one God, in three persons; God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit. JW teaching says that the Holy Spirit is not God or a real person of the triune Godhead, but instead an impersonal energy. The Holy Spirit is supposedly “God's power in action, his active force. (Micah 3:8;Luke 1:35) God sends out his spirit by projecting his energy to any place to accomplish his will.—Psalm 104:30; 139:7.”
The Watchtower teaches that prior to his incarnation, Jesus Christ was a spirit creature in heaven. God supposedly created Christ first among all creation. The Watchtower writes, “[T]he first human that God created, Adam, is called a ‘son of God.' (Luke 3:38) Similarly, the Bible teaches that Jesus was created by God. So Jesus is also called a ‘Son of God.'”
Furthermore, JW teaching asserts that Jesus Christ is the archangel, Michael. The problems with this are innumerable, for example, that rhetorical question to demonstrate the supremacy of Christ over all things: “For to which of the angels did God every say, ‘You are my Son..'?” (Heb 1:5).
But with this view of Christ, it makes sense that JW doctrine teaches that “it is unscriptural for worshipers of the living and true God to render worship to the Son of God, Jesus Christ.”
This renders a different Christ than that of Scripture; one who is less than eternal God, and, therefore, not God. JW doctrine violates the clear teaching of Scripture that, among other things, Christ is God; the uncreated, eternal, second Person of the Triune Godhead, who has eternally possessed all the attributes of God, and worthy of our worship (John 1:1-2, 8:58, 20:28, 10:30, Col 2:9, Titus 2:13).
JW teaching denies the biblical resurrection of Jesus Christ.
JW doctrine denies the bodily resurrection of Christ, teaching instead that it was a spiritual resurrection. The Watchtower writes, “People who were resurrected earlier were given human bodies but later died again. Jesus was given a spirit body that can never be destroyed.”
What about the literal body which the risen Christ had and was seen by so many? The Watchtower teaches that he was not a glorified human but was recreated as the archangel Michael and the body which the disciples saw was not the body which was nailed to the cross.
What about the crucifixion wounds which the risen Christ showed to Thomas and the disciples? The Watchtower teaches that Christ used a body with wound holes in order to convince Thomas of his identity. Further, it is claimed that Christ's real body was disposed of by God into its elements.
This teaching violates the plain sense of the New Testament text. Arriving at these conclusions requires an extravagantly preconceived bias and portrays God and Christ as some sort of deceivers in cahoots. It almost appears as if someone is trying hard to design a false Christ who cannot save.
Yet, the overwhelming evidence and logical reading of the text demonstrates a literal, physical resurrection of Jesus Christ.
Further, a Christ who is not God and did not rise physically can in no way be the Savior of sinful humanity. If he is not God, then he does not have the sufficient nature wherewith to live a sinless life, go to the cross, and effectually extinguish the wrath of God for sinners. No created, sort-of-god being is qualified to do this. So, it makes sense that JW teaching would claim only a spiritual resurrection. Their Christ is not God so he cannot pull off a complete resurrection. However, if he did not rise physically, then God may not justify sinners effectually (nor may we be raised physically). Thus, the heart of Christian doctrine, justification by faith alone in Christ alone, shipwrecks without a bodily resurrection. His sort-of-rising is not enough to accomplish our justification (cf. Rom 4:25). He has to be God to pull off a sinless life such that his death atoned for our sin, proven by the complete, total-person resurrection. He has to be resurrected, fully man; living, dying, and rising, in order to mediate for other men. Further, since this Christ is unqualified to serve as the propitiation for our sins, then God the Father may not justly justify one sinner. He has no Savior to whom man's sin may be imputed and from whom a sufficient righteousness may be imputed. In that sense, justification is irreducibly complex. Pull away a few pieces, as the JW's do, and our faith is worthless and we are still in our sins (cf. 1 Cor 15:7).
Tragically then, because JW doctrine derives from a devious Bible translation, denies the God of the Bible, the deity of Christ, and the biblical resurrection of Christ, it denies any possibility of salvation through Christ. It is a false gospel and damnable system through which no one can be forgiven of sin, right before God, and go to heaven.
Thankfully, however, the JW Christ is a mere myth. The second Person of the Trinity, eternal God, took on human flesh, went to the cross, propitiated the wrath of God in the place of sinners, and rose with that glorified body for our justification. Through faith in this Christ alone, God justifies the unjust with the result that there is no condemnation.
We could talk more, for example, about how JW teaching denies the biblical teaching on eternal punishment or the many false, end-times prophecies made by the Watchtower Society or, with the denial of the biblical Holy Spirit, how we, therefore, cannot experience regeneration (such that we could savingly know, love, or obey God), experience sanctification, be sealed for the day of redemption, or be reborn in order to see and enter the kingdom of God, to name a few.
In the end, we must love those who embrace the JW system to gently encourage them to carefully examine the plain sense of the biblical text. As they do, by God's grace, they will behold and bow before the true Christ of mercy, supremacy, and deity, to whom they cry out with Thomas, “My Lord and my God!” (John 20:28).
Recommended resource for evangelizing JW's: Reasoning from the Scriptures with the Jehovah's Witnesses, by Ron Rhodes.
Jarosław Kaczyński, chairman of Poland's ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS), says it was Germany's decision to open Europe's borders, not Poland's, and his countrymen should not have to pay for their neighbour's mistakes.
“We have not opened Europe for refugees – Ms Merkel has,” the veteran conservative told public broadcaster TVP Info. “And it is Ms Merkel and Germany that have to bear the consequences, not Poland.”
In late 2015, the European Union forced through measures requiring member states to accept a share of 120,000 migrants in southern Europe – later increased to 160,000 – despite strong opposition from the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, and Slovakia.
The Civic Platform Party (PO) government, formerly led by current President of the European Council Donald Tusk, did not oppose the measures – a stance which led to the party's landslide defeat in the parliamentary elections weeks later.
Law and Justice repudiated the migrant quotas shortly afterwards in response to the Paris terror attacks.
The party's Minister for European Affairs said the attacks presaged “the necessity of an even deeper revision of the European policy towards the migrant crisis”, and insisted that Poland would not take any migrants without “security guarantees”.
The EU has threatened Poland with sanctions for its refusal to implement its decision, but interior minister Mariusz Błaszczak has stated that acceding to the bloc's demands would “certainly be much worse” than any potential punishment.
Błaszczak has articulated a remarkably robust position on the migrant crisis, declaring that “the policy of multiculturalism in Western Europe is reaping a bloody harvest in the form of terrorist attacks”.
Professor Ted Malloch, widely tipped as President Donald Trump's eventual pick for U.S. ambassador to the EU, has described the clash between Poland and the central organs of the European Union as a logical consequence of the bloc's “top-down approach to governance, where the smaller is subsumed into or supplanted by the greater”.
In an article for Breitbart London, the professor has characterised the EU approach as “oppressive and ultimately unsustainable”, observing that “Poland knows this and support for a ‘Polexit' from European Union oppression is on the rise”.
He added the country has made itself “great again … by being Polish”, and urged all European countries “to rise to their natural role as proud leaders by being sovereign entities”.
[1] Hamilton wrote a memo in 1950 discouraging further human experiments because the AEC would be left open "to considerable criticism," since the experiments as proposed had "a little of the [2] Dr. Joseph G. Hamilton was the primary researcher for the human plutonium experiments done at U.C. San Francisco from 1944 to 1947.Hamilton wrote a memo in 1950 discouraging further human experiments because the AEC would be left open "to considerable criticism," since the experiments as proposed had "a little of the Buchenwald touch."
Since the discovery of ionizing radiation, a number of human radiation experiments have been performed to understand the effects of ionizing radiation and radioactive contamination on the human body, specifically with the element plutonium.
Experiments performed in the United States [ edit ]
Numerous human radiation experiments have been performed in the United States, many of which were funded by various U.S. government agencies[3] such as the United States Department of Defense, the United States Atomic Energy Commission, and the United States Public Health Service. Experiments including:
feeding radioactive material to mentally disabled children [4]
enlisting doctors to administer radioactive iron to impoverished pregnant women
exposing U.S. soldiers and prisoners to high levels of radiation [4]
irradiating the testicles of prisoners, which caused severe birth defects [4]
exhuming bodies from graveyards to test them for radiation (without the consent of the families of the deceased)[5]
On January 15, 1994, President Bill Clinton formed the Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments (ACHRE), chaired by Ruth Faden, Ph.D., MPH[6][7] of the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics. One of the primary motivating factors behind his decision to create ACHRE was action taken by his newly appointed Secretary of Energy, Hazel O'Leary, J.D. One of her first actions on taking the reins of the Department of Energy was to announce a new openness policy for the Department. The policy led almost immediately to the release of over 1.6 million pages of classified records. The records made clear that since the 1940s the Atomic Energy Commission had been sponsoring tests on the effects of radiation on the human body. American citizens who had checked into hospitals for a variety of ailments were secretly injected with varying amounts of plutonium and other radioactive materials without their knowledge. Ebb Cade was an unwilling participant in medical experiments that involved injection of 4.7 micrograms of Plutonium on 10 April 1945 at Oak Ridge, Tennessee.[8][9] This experiment was under the supervision of Harold Hodge.[10] Most patients thought it was "just another injection," but the secret studies left enough radioactive material in many of the patients' bodies to induce life-threatening conditions. Such experiments were not limited to hospital patients, but included other populations such as those set out above, e.g., orphans fed irradiated milk, children injected with radioactive materials, prisoners in Washington and Oregon state prisons. Much of the experimentation was carried out in order to assess how the human body metabolizes radioactive materials, information that could be used by the Departments of Energy and Defense in Cold War defense/attack planning.
ACHRE's final report was also a factor in the Department of Energy establishing an Office of Human Radiation Experiments (OHRE) that assured publication of DOE's involvement (by way of its predecessor, the AEC) in Cold War radiation research and experimentation on human subjects. The final report issued by the ACHRE can be found at the Department of Energy's website.
Soviet Union [ edit ]
The Soviet nuclear program involved human experiments on a large scale, including most notably the Totskoye nuclear exercise of 1954 and the experiments conducted at the Semipalatinsk Test Site (1949-1989). As of 1950, there were around 700,000 participants at different levels of the program, half of whom were Gulag prisoners used for radioactivity experiments, as well as the excavation of radioactive ores. Information about the scale, conditions and lethality of those involved in the program is still kept secret by the Russian government and the Rosatom agency.[11][12]
Other countries [ edit ]
In the Marshall Island, indigenous residents and crewmembers of the fishing boat Lucky Dragon No. 5 were exposed to the high yields of radioactive testing during the Castle Bravo explosions conducted at Bikini Atoll. Researchers subsequently exploited this ostensibly "unexpected" turn of events by conducting research on the onset of effects from radiation poisoning as part of Project 4.1, raising ethical questions as to both the specific incident and the broader phenomenon of testing in populated areas.[13]
Likewise, the Venezuelan geneticist Marcel Roche was implicated in Patrick Tierney's 2000 publication, Darkness in El Dorado, for allegedly administering radioactive iodine to indigenous peoples in the Orinoco basin of Venezuela, such as the Yanomami and Ye'Kwana peoples, in cooperation with the US Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), possibly with no apparent benefit for the test group and without obtaining proper informed consent. This corresponded to similar administrations of iodine-124 by the French anthropologist Jacques Lizot in cooperation with the French Atomic Energy Commission (CEA).[14][15]
See also [ edit ]
Notes and references [ edit ]
One of the common experiences that I have encountered from both family and friends alike is the questions “What do you believe about God now?” in some cases the question is simply put just like that. In other cases it is included in a tirade against how vocal I have been about the problems that I discovered in Mormon Church history and theology that led to the church losing me as one of it's adherents. “I don't want to hear about why you don't believe in Mormonism or why Joseph Smith was not a prophet in your opinion! I only want to hear what you believe now! Testify about what you believe in!” or “I don't want to see you tearing things down – just building things up in what you believe now!”
I have to admit that this is a very tempting road to go down, and I have on occasion – but I have some valid reasons for holding my own beliefs somewhat close to my chest. Many of these reasons would be difficult to understand until you go through the process of acknowledging that you have been caught in a grand religious deception your whole life and start to find a way out of it. I would like to articulate some of these reasons so that my friends and family can understand why they will read more about my observations about what is wrong with the Mormon church than what answers I have found.
A Sweet Ride
I asked my 8 year old daughter to design a car that would fulfill every dream she had about what an automobile could be. I specifically told her not to worry about what was normal or beyond the laws of physics. And I instructed her not to worry about making the car look like any other car that she had seen. I left her alone for a while and a few hours later she presented me with this masterpiece:
I asked her to describe all of the different features that she incorporated into this amazing car that she proudly called “The Sweet Ride.” She meticulously described the unique features of her vehicle:
1,000 Pony Powered engines – more pony power than even the fastest race car.
Fueled by any flavor of soda pop – you can fill up at any restaurant with a soda fountain – especially if they have free refills.
Marshmallow wheels with lemon candy hubcaps – for the softest and sweetest ride you have ever had.
Edible cupcake hood ornament – in case you get hungry on the road.
Lolly-pop front and rear bumpers – the ultimate in safety features.
Glow-in-the-dark cotton candy fringed canopy with a bubble-gum hood joint – provides shade and snacks when you want it.
Rock candy windshield – crystal clear protection for the driver.
Cotton-candy, soft-serve seat cushions – for the softest seat you have ever felt.
Nutter-Butter doors – unique waffle pattern with the best combination of peanut-butter and chocolate ever found in a door.
Red licorice trim – for pretty details
Rock candy reflectors headlights – as bright as the sun.
Now when you really look at it – this car is amazing. It's confectionary details fulfill my daughters dreams and solve the problems that she has frequently articulated about our more conventional minivan. It has absolutely no basis in reality and stands in complete opposition to the laws of physics, economics and common sense. That does not matter to my daughter.
To further assess my daughters commitment to her dream car, I pulled up a very sensible alternative and showed it side-by-side with hers:
Next, I asked her a few questions:
Me: “Would you trade your soda-pop fueled “Sweet ride” with all of it's marshmallow wheels, soft-serve seats and 1,000 Pony power engines for this sensible, white 1992 toyota corolla? It was one of the most dependable and trusted vehicles of it's year.”
Her: “No way! My car is way cooler!”
Me: “It runs on gas”
Her: “Mine runs on soda-pop and if you get thirsty you can drink some”
Me: “This car will go a long way without breaking down.”
Her: “Mine never breaks down – and it's got cotton candy! Dad, I really have the sweeter ride.”
Me: “I.. I really got nothing else – I would rather choose your car too!”
Joseph Smith's Sweet Ride
Empathy is the ability to put yourself in someone else's position and try to understand their motivations and perspectives. To understand the mind of someone who the church has lost due to issues of doctrine and church history, you have to look at things from their perspective. To these people the Mormon religion arose from the imagination of Joseph Smith. He used his very capable mind to create a religion which answered all of the important questions of the early 19th century religious environment – questions of grace/works, infant baptism, preexistence and election are all given authoritative answers and additional details are also piled on top which give the religion amazing and appealing features – eternal families, sacred temple rituals, divine authentic authority, etc. All of these features fulfilled his own dreams of pure religion and solved the problems that he saw in other faiths at the time. (if you read about his early childhood, parental views on religions, etc you see that they also answer important questions from his direct family as well)
From the perspective of someone who does not accept his divine calling, all of these remarkable features articulated by Joseph Smith through the Book of Mormon, Book of Abraham, Translations of the Bible and direct “revelations” from God paint the picture of a religion that is every bit as appealing as my daughter's “sweet ride” but just as divorced from reality or truth.
Furthermore, while Joseph was undoubtedly skilled at integrating all of these features into a cohesive faith, his work has been tweaked, improved and refined over the decades since his death. Features such as blood atonement, polygamy and racism which created more problems than solutions were eventually discarded – smoothing the rough edges of the faith. This presents the modern day believer with a very desirable religion which they can hold up in comparison to anything else.
When a believing mormon compares their theology to any one else's system of belief – especially if it is confined to logic and rationality, but also if it is limited to biblical assertions – they are going to find that everything else pales in comparison. They already have “the sweeter ride.”
True? True? And Unrelated
The thing to remember when considering what people go through as they start to think about the church is that there are two separate issues that they must confront.
Is the church true? If not, then what is true?
The thing to remember is that if the answer to #1 is “no, the church, it's doctrine and claims of exclusive prophetic authority are not what it claims to be” then question #2 is completely unrelated to whatever those claims are in the first place. This can be a bit confusing to grasp, so the illustration of the “sweet ride” can help clarify.
If it doesn't matter what my daughter designed her car to be. It could have run on infinitely renewable electrostatic energy from the Earths atmosphere, had 1,000,000,000 horsepower engine and capacity to seat 4,000. Since she was making it up – she could design it to be anything at all. This fanciful creation based on imagination rather than truth would always trump any real car, bound by the laws of physics, design and economics, in a direct features comparison.
But if you really need to get from Austin to New York City – choosing a made-up fanciful creation just because it fulfills your fantasy will not get you there in the real world. Once you abandon the sweet fantasy, you have to confront the world without the appealing and comforting deception and search for truth on the merits of your own conscience and mind. Suddenly you may look at the 1992 Toyota Corolla and other vehicles with new eyes, perhaps seeing some benefits that you previously overlooked because your were blinded by the confection in front of you. You may decide that your role is to walk on the power of your own 2 legs.
The Raw Wound
Another aspect of leaving Mormonism because of problems with history and doctrine is that you become very sensitive to allowing other people to dictate to you what God's law and truth are. Because of your experience as a Mormon – you know how powerful and convincing an enticing deception can be. You don't want to be taken on someone else's ride.
Many people who leave for these reasons are not people who were at the margins of LDS culture but people who were very devoted to the faith and doctrine of Mormonism. Many of them faithfully held callings for years and devoted tremendous time and effort in doing them because they believed so sincerely. To discover, then, that distortions and evasions were used to hide the history of the church and it's founders is devastating.
If they are like me – this realization sends these devoted follower into a frenzy of discovery – looking for every bit of covered up deception, rationalized misdeed and corrupt doctrine – trying to discover how truly extensive the lies are. “Perhaps it is just the modern prophets who have gone astray” then “okay, perhaps Joseph was a fallen prophet, but he did have a divine experience” then “perhaps the Scripture that Joseph brought into being been true, even though he was flawed” then “maybe the Book of Mormon is true, even though the Book of Abraham is false” and so on and so on until you come to the realization that every level of the foundation of the Church is built upon distortions and deception. It is packaged in a glazed form of godliness and piety and bound up in a self-regulating culture that discourages people from questioning it.
You submitted some of the most precious aspects of your identity and life to another person's theology which filled you with lies and deceit dressed up in a sweet disguise. When you finally extract this saccharine poison from your soul – you are changed. You are left with a deep open wound in your heart.
Your ability and desire to trust as a child trusts is gone. You recoil at any one else telling you what to believe or what to do. How dare they! Don't they see how completely you have trusted before with only the purest intent – only to be completely and utterly deceived? It is as though once you had removed Joseph Smith's dagger from your heart, there is a line of other people presenting their own daggers for you to replace it with.
Searching for Truth
Acknowledging this, the former Mormon becomes very skeptical of claims of divine authority or truth from any other direction. Furthermore, they are aware that it is the ultimate in hubris for them to dictate truth to anyone else themselves. You begin a quest for truth in your own life, but from a humbled perspective. You realize that truth is an elusive thing. It is not handed down in prophetic edicts from people who you are prohibited from questioning.
You may never get it exactly right. But a funny thing happens when you start searching for truth – the lies start to stand out and jump out at you. Their contours and patterns become more evident to your searching soul. So while you continue to seek for truth – you are empowered with the freedom to identify them for what they are and leave the lies behind.
Conclusion
If you wish to have empathy with a former Mormon – it would be difficult for you to identify with this perspective because you don't see the Gospel of Joseph Smith as a negative thing in your life. This is the point of empathy however, to stretch your mind and put yourself in someone else's perspective which is by definition different from your own. If you cannot or are unwilling to do so – then you cannot have empathy for them.
This is why you won't hear too much of what I personally believe about the world on the blog. Rather than expound on my own answers to life's difficult problems, I focus on demonstrating the chips on the edges which reveal the darkness beneath the shiny veneer of Mormonism. My goal is not to get people to adopt my particular notion of truth, but to allow them to examine their sweet ride and see if it meets the standard of truth. Once they discover the absent foundation of the church, they will be able to look around and discover the world freshly with their own eyes. They will develop their own personal relationship with the divine and pursue a life free from the deception and fantasy of others – myself included.
It doesn't matter what the makeup of your imaginary car was or what anyone else's car was. Once you let go of your sweet fantasy, the important thing for you to do is to determine for yourself where you will find your belief and what standard of truth you will subscribe to. It is a very personal decision and while others who still are holding on to the sweet ride you left behind will ask to see what jalopy you are driving around in now – understand that it will always seem pedestrian to them by comparison.
How To Repair Bumper Scuff Dent Professionaly UK
Below we will show you a few pictures of a day-to-day guide of what happens in a bumper scuff dent repair and how its repaired using SMART repair Technology performed by DJ Smart Repairs Manchester.
The bumper dent repair is assessd for the best way to approach this rather large dent to the BMW plastic bumper. This Dent was caused by the Driver reversing into a bollard in a car park.
The rear tail light is removed to gain access to the dent damaged plastic bumper. The plastic bumper is heated using a hot air gun to make the bumper soft and flexible so it can be moulded back in the original pressed shape from the manufactorer. The plastic bumper is then sanded down using a DA (Dual Action Sander).
Body filler is applied to the plastic bumper in order to recreate the original shape of the bumper. This filler is applied and heated using th hot air gun to cure the material.
Several layers of the body filler are applied and sanded down using a rubbing block to create the desired and original shape.
The area around the body filled area is sanded down to create a smooth feel with out any discrepancies on the affected area. The repair is then scotched and masked out. Then paper is applied to stop any over spray from landing on any of the adjacent panels.
Several coats of high build Primer are applied to the body filled area. The highbuld primer is then baked using a infra red heat lamp to cure the primer fully for 30 minutes.
Whilst the high build primer is drying, the colour code is located and noted down to input into the computer for the formulation.
The colour code is entered into the System to create the formula for the allocated vehicle.
The high build primer has been cured and has been sanded down using wet and dry paper. The area that needs to be painted using SMART repair technology. The panel is then degreased from any greases or comtamination dirt ready for masking out.
The panel is masked out ready for paint Application and lacquer.
Several coats of basecoat are applied until the high build primer becomes no longer visable through the basecoat.
2 coats of lacquer are applied over the basecoat to give the desired gloss finish and proctection from the outside elements. the panel is then baked again for 30 minutes. once cured the panel is then polished using a rotary buffer.
The panel is then demasked and wiped over with a microfiber cloth to remove any residue off the panel. The colour match is perfect and you would never have known ther was a severe dent in the plastic bumper severly devalueing the vehicle.
Now The boring part PACK Uptime :(
Thanks for reading the article. This was quick quide of the process DJ Smart Repairs encounters day in day out.
Please share this post on any social media or websites that you think would benefit from reading the blog to maybe carry out there own SMART repairs.
Mike McQuade
The world is in the throes of a mental-health crisis, as depression and dementia afflict spiralling numbers of people.
In March 2017, the World Health Organization declared that depression is the leading cause of ill health and disability worldwide. More than 300 million people are living with it, an increase of more than 18 per cent between 2005 and 2015. But help is at hand - if we can reach out and grasp it.
Advertisement
A group of drugs long considered taboo is poised to transform the way we treat mental health. Recent research suggests that psychedelics - once regarded as a relic of the hippy-dippy 60s - could prove powerful tools not only to treat, but also potentially cure, many mental health problems regarded as chronic.
The brain on DMT: mapping the psychedelic drug's effects Drugs The brain on DMT: mapping the psychedelic drug's effects
Read next From blockchain to drones, we need to stop obsessing about tech megatrends From blockchain to drones, we need to stop obsessing about tech megatrends
Psychedelics do something that our current go-to psychiatric drugs cannot: transform hardwired neural patterns to reroute the very architecture of the brain, sometimes in a single dose. Roland Griffiths, a professor in the Departments of Psychiatry and Neurosciences at Johns Hopkins University in Maryland, has likened psychedelics' ability to bring about neural rerouting as akin to a "surgical intervention".
Take psilocybin, better known as magic mushrooms. A single dose of the drug can do "in 30 seconds what it takes antidepressants three to four weeks to do", according to David Nutt, professor of neuropsychopharmacology at Imperial College London.
Advertisement
A study published in the Journal of Psycho-pharmacology on people with anxiety associated with life-threatening illness suggested that LSD-assisted psychotherapy was successful in almost 70 per cent of subjects, with the positive effects lasting more than a year and causing no lasting adverse reactions.
Given the overwhelmingly positive results of these and other trials, one would think the clinical use of psychedelics would represent a sea change in our approach to mental-health treatment. But, sadly, outdated societal prejudice against psychedelics is proving a formidable handicap, hampering research and keeping many in need from reaping the benefits.
Strict anti-drug legislation that still criminalises the use of such substances has pushed psychedelic-assisted treatments underground: unless you are among the lucky few accepted into a clinical trial, your only options are to find an unlicensed practitioner, attempt to do it yourself illegally or travel to places where the compounds are legal.
Advertisement
Growing numbers of people are doing just that, and in recent months, there has been flurry of articles on the topic which have stoked curiosity about the potential of psychedelics. In April of this year, the Psychedelic Science Conference in California was attended by more than 3,000 people who travelled from across the globe to learn about recent advances. Although it's heartening that more people are finding relief, ad hoc experimentation is not the way to go. We must bring this research into the mainstream, guarantee adequate funding and shield well-intentioned facilitators from criminal prosecution.
I should know. I was once the victim of a violent robbery, which left me shattered. Out of desperation I turned to psychedelic-assisted psychotherapy. It helped save my life.
Mental-health practices around the world are in desperate need of an overhaul, and psychedelics could be just the hack we need to achieve such fundamental - and indispensable - change. I believe mental health to be a human right, and as such it is nothing short of our duty to follow, and fund, the science.
The 49ers, not surprisingly, are kicking the tires on a veteran NFL quarterback.
The surprising part? The candidate in question is not, at the moment, a veteran NFL quarterback.
Pro Football Talk has reported the Niners plan to work out Daunte Culpepper, 34, who played last year with the UFL's Sacramento Mountain Lions and has not played in the NFL since he played with the Detroit Lions in 2009. NFL Network reported Culpepper will work out for the team Monday.
On Saturday, San Francisco coach Jim Harbaugh was asked about acquiring a veteran quarterback — the team's depth chart at the position includes Alex Smith and three rookies in Colin Kaepernick and undrafted free agents Jeremiah Masoli and McLeod Bethel-Thompson.
“That's a possibility,” Harbaugh said, noting the “right person” had to be available.
It appears it could be Culpepper — a three-time Pro Bowler who never rebounded from a serious 2005 knee injury. Culpepper, the No. 11 overall pick in the 1999 draft, threw 14 touchdowns and 20 interceptions with the Dolphins, Raiders and Lions from 2006-09.
He completed 183 of 300 passes for 1,944 yards with 10 touchdowns and 12 interceptions last year with the Mountain Lions.
HTC is launching Viveport, an alternative to the Steam catalog of Vive virtual reality experiences, worldwide this fall. Viveport was announced earlier this year, and it launched in China — where Steam is a much less established platform — in the spring. Now, a global developer beta will launch soon, followed by a full rollout. Developers can register today on the Vive site.
The store is supposed to be a more general-interest alternative than the more gaming-focused Steam, and it will be available across multiple platforms: desktop; a mobile app; and an in-VR catalog connected to Vive Home, a virtual environment created by HTC. "We believe virtual reality is going to change the world," says HTC Vive senior vice president Rikard Stelber, and Viveport is supposed to make it easier to find certain categories of VR that have broad appeal, like educational experiences, shopping, and creative tools.
Steam already offers a large non-gaming catalog. Besides general-purpose desktop software and traditional films, it offers a diverse range of VR titles, like the Tilt Brush painting program and an Apollo 11 educational experience. At the same time, the platform is overwhelmingly associated with games, and with thousands of VR and non-VR titles, it's increasingly crowded. "We're recommending developers to publish on all platforms," says Stelber, including Steam. "We don't necessarily want to compete with it, we basically want to add additional categories." Viveport will offer a new, dedicated space to showcase VR experiences.
It's less clear why consumers would go to Viveport instead of the extremely popular Steam, which they'll already have to launch to use the Vive. Vive Home is currently so peripheral that I initially didn't even realize it existed, and HTC said in January that Viveport was "more of an option for people who can't use Steam," although Stelber says it's since seen a lot of interest that justifies a larger release. The best argument for Viveport may be that Steam is confusingly overstuffed with products and features already, and a dedicated VR store would make the Vive easier to navigate — which, for a powerful but often difficult platform, is a good thing.
Back in 2014, the U.S. Department of Transportation released a report on the (normalized) number of traffic deaths in each U.S. state. As I looked through the list, I noticed an odd correlation between the political leanings of a state and its traffic fatalities.
To confirm this notion, I used box plots to show the distribution of traffic deaths based on how Republican-leaning each state is, where each dot represents a state.
In case you're wondering, Delaware is the Democratic outlier with 1.26 deaths per 100 million miles traveled. Outliers aside, we see an abundantly clear trend: Republican-leaning states tend to have more traffic deaths.
To provide another view, I plotted the same data set as a scatter plot and fit a linear regression below. Each dot represents a state. Again, we see a strong relationship between Republican-leaning states and more traffic deaths.
At this point, I feel obligated to make the caveat that these charts only establish a correlation, and it doesn't mean that residents of Republican-leaning states experience higher traffic deaths because they tend to vote Republican. However, it sure makes for an interesting statistic to ponder: why would there be a correlation between traffic death rate and tendency to vote Republican?
Thanks to David Fairlie for sharing these interesting statistics on /r/DataIsBeautiful.
Multiple federal judges in Chicago have absolutely ripped the tactics of the state's only attorney filing mass P2P file-sharing lawsuits in recent weeks. Now, two new rulings directly contradict a ruling from Judge Beryl Howell, an RIAA lobbyist-turned-federal-judge in Washington, DC, who said that mass subpoenas against alleged file-swappers were proper.
Last week, Judge Blanche Manning of the Northern District of Illinois "severed" two of the P2P suits filed by local attorney John Steele, cutting them down from 1,800 combined defendants to just two. The judge, acting sua sponte (of her own accord, without ruling on a motion), told Steele that he must file a separate lawsuit against every anonymous target of his litigation, not try to combine hundreds of people into a single case.
Manning said that the defendants were "improperly joined" because the defendants weren't engaged in the same "transaction" or "occurrence." She also noted that each one would have a different factual defense, and that Manning could "be faced with dozens if not hundreds of factually unique motions to dismiss, quash, or sever from potential defendants located all over the country with no discernible ties to this district."
She also poured extremely cold water on Steele's entire business model, which to date relies mostly on out-of-state pornographers. Manning noted that the two plaintiffs, Millenium [sic] TGA Inc and CP Productions were based in Hawaii and Arizona, respectively, and most of the defendants are outside Illinois, too. (Indeed, the judge seems particularly annoyed to keep receiving amateur motions to quash from all over the US, noting that she received five of these last week alone.)
Manning also noted that Steele could have used basic geolocation tools to identify likely Illinois defendants before bringing such cases. But when neither the plaintiff nor most defendants are in Illinois, the judge can see "no facts indicating why venue is appropriate in the Northern District of Illinois."
As a result, Manning cut both cases down to a single defendant and ordered Steele to notify all defendants of her ruling. He must also "cease and desist all efforts to identify the users of the relevant IP addresses" of those who have been severed from the case.
Not going well
Separately, a different judge tossed Steele's case on behalf of MCGIP (video: Gloryhole: Dayna Vendetta) back on March 10. The reason? Steele had only filed a copyright registration form on behalf of the film—necessary for litigation—but the film had not actually been registered yet with the Copyright Office. Case dismissed. (After Steele complained, the judge rescinded his order but told Steele he "is ordered to show cause within 14 days why the case should not be dismissed for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted." That hearing has been delayed until later this month.)
Three weeks ago, another Chicago-based federal judge, Milton Shadur, all but called Steele an unethical lawyer as he dismissed yet another of his cases. “I accepted you at your word,” said the judge, pointing to Steele's assertion that the case was connected to Illinois. But, after allowing Steel to take discovery and issue subpoenas to Internet providers, "I start getting motions to quash” from places like Tennessee, Texas, New Jersey, from "people that had nothing at all to do with the state of Illinois.”
“I don't see any justification at all for this action,” the judge concluded, and he had less-than-complimentary things to say about Steele's work. Facts in the case “were not as asserted,” said Shadur, adding that case filings “did not really comply with the subjective and objective good faith requirement."
Steele appears to be a "colorful" character. A former family law attorney, he jumped into P2P litigation last year and almost immediately ended up in litigation with a rival P2P law firm over trademarks. He travels around to porn producer conferences, hoping to drum up business; at a recent event, an eyewitness tells Ars that Steele was on a panel and stepped onto stage with a beer in his hand. When asked about the various recent legal rulings on issues like personal jurisdiction, Steele allegedly responded that they were "mumbo jumbo, chicken gumbo."
Still, despite his setbacks, things could be worse; judges in Texas and West Virginia have severed or dismissed entire sets of cases at once. Steele's have been chopped down to size one or two at a time.
"His cases were doomed"
Even other attorneys who bring such mass file-sharing cases are irritated by Steele's tactics—he's making them look bad. Lawyer Marc Randazza, no stranger to representing porn studios in similar cases, told Ars, "I do not find anything wrong with going after individual torrenters. I do this on behalf of my clients, and I make no apologies for it. However, when you do these cases, you should do them as cleanly as possible—not try to game the system. It seems that the judges feel the same way."
Randazza continued:
At that meeting with him, I warned him that his cases were doomed—that the jurisdictional issues would haunt him, and I also said that if any clients wanted to enter the world of torrent litigation, they probably should use someone who has a history of dealing with copyright issues—not a divorce lawyer who just filed his first case, apparently plagiarized from another firm [as Ars reported]. Steele's reaction was arrogant, to say the least, and he seemed to believe that my comments were based on a concern that he might provide competition for me. That made me laugh. The laugh became even more hearty when I saw how every thing I told him he would suffer came to pass this week.
The law firm Booth Sweet, which has represented numerous file-sharing defendants (including several in the recently dismissed cases), praised last week's rulings, but noted that subpoenas had initially been granted and settlement offers had likely been made.
"While Judge Manning has added to the growing pile of flawed cases tossed by the courts, the plaintiffs (and their lawyers) have raked in untold thousands in settlements from defendants who choose to settle the claims to avoid expensive litigation in a faraway federal court," they wrote last week. "One lesson from Judge Manning's decision for plaintiffs (and their lawyers) could be: breaking the rules won't help you make your case. And for people who get threatening letters from plaintiff's attorneys or notices of impending lawsuits from their ISPs, there's another lesson: Don't be intimidated. You can win if you fight back."
We have a secret. We love action flicks. The more explosions the better. So when we heard that Vin Diesel was returning to the xXx series with xXx: Return of Xander Cage we were pretty excited! The third movie in the xXx series, xXx: Return of Xander Cage brings back not only Vin Diesel but Samuel L. Jackson. In addition to bringing back the original cast, newcomers include Donnie Yen (of Rogue One fame) and Ruby Rose (Orange is the New Black).
When coming up with this cocktail, we really challenged ourselves because we wanted a red cocktail but didn't want to use grenadine. With all the guaranteed explosions that come smoke, therefore, we knew we wanted a smoky base spirit. We didn't think scotch was thematically correct so we went with mezcal. The rest, as they say, is history.
So here is the fun part for you (besides making this delicious cocktail). We are giving away 2 pairs of tickets along with a prize pack to a screening of xXx: Return of Xander Cage. The screening will be held on Wednesday, January 18th at Tempe Marketplace. Winners should arrive at 6:20 to guarantee their seat. Good luck and Cheers!
a Rafflecopter giveaway
Print The Xander Cage: A xXx: Return of Xander Cage Inspired Cocktail Ingredients 2 oz Mezcal
3/4 oz Ancho Reyes
1/2 oz Simple Syrup
1/2 oz Orange Juice
1/4 oz Lime Juice
2 dashes Cranberry Bitters Instructions Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice.
Shake.
Serve on ice in a tumbler with orange peel garnish. Recipe Management Powered by Zip Recipes Plugin 5.0 https://2geekswhoeat.com/xander-cage-cocktail-recipe/
*The Geeks received promotional material in order to research theming for their cocktail but received no other compensation to facilitate this write-up; opinions are wholly our own. Screening tickets provided by Allied Marketing. View our Disclosure Policy for more info.
Save
The hike was attributed to increased Treasury liquidity, the fall in the euro and bond market conditions, the bank said. Italy's public debt rose 3.9 percent in the first five months of the year.
The country's debt-to-GDP ratio stands at 133.1 percent - the second largest in the eurozone after Greece – and is up from 130 percent in 2013 and 120 percent in 2010.
The new figure sparked criticism from opposition politicians, who hit out at Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan for failing to reduce the debt load.
Renato Brunetta, the leader of the Forza Italia party leader in the chamber of deputies, said:
“A new record for Italian public debt. Wasn't Pier Carlo Padoan supposed to stabilized and reduce it?”
Padoan said in an interview with Il Sole 24 Ore published on Tuesday that "18 months ago we risked much more," adding that structural reforms have helped paved the way towards growth.
The Real Problem with Magic Online
commentary magic online hearthstone
Boy, look who it is?
I'm ashamed to admit it, but I've played a whole lot of Hearthstone as of late. For the record, I know nothing about World of Warcraft. I've been playing Magic since 1996 or so. So why has this unquestionably simpler game been dominating my time? Today I want to talk about the problem with Magic and Magic Online that's been swept under the rug: time.
Time commitment to is the biggest barrier to the game of Magic, and Hearthstone has shown us a better way.
The Tortured Tournament
Let's start with paper Magic. FNM takes about 4-hours in a single sitting. Due to its length and the fact that store owners want to close at a reasonable time, it gets scheduled around 6:00pm which means you need to race home from work and through traffic to make it to FNM. If FNM takes too long, I'm not sure what to say about a GP or a PTQ. Would you like to sit in a convention hall for 9-10 hours with poor ventilation? Would you like to attempt to stuff chunks of Subway in your mouth between your matches because there are no breaks? Sure, the first couple of hours of a GP are super exciting and fun, but when we're on hour seven of the tournament, it gets old quick. I go to Grand Prixs to play high level competition I can't find anywhere else, but damn, is it ever a chore. It's like a game of Survivor where you play with Magic cards. Who can make the least number of mistakes while playing exhausted and dehydrated? I would not play in a Grand Prix every week even if you gave me free flight and entry.
Magic Online - Our Savior?
OK, but that's paper magic. The logistics of running a large tournament mean we have to put up with that stuff. But what about Magic Online? Surely the internet has solved these problems. Nope. If you want any semblance of competition and sane cost structure, Daily Events take 4-hour chunks. What's worse, they're on a schedule so you can't even play when you have free time. Why did we take the worst of paper Magic and bring it online? The problem with Daily Events is not only the 4-hour commitment, but the tremendous downtime between matches. If I play aggro, my match may be over in 20-minutes. But I need to wait another 40-minutes for some control players to duke it out. Why can't I just play my next match? Why do I need to allocate a 4-hour chunk to play Magic, and then only use 25% of it? This, by the way, is the reason why Magic Online is such a terrible game to stream on twitch.tv: You need to find something to do to entertain your viewers in all the downtime. You should be able to play four matches in a row and just get awarded packs based on your record (hint hint: kind of like Hearthstone Arena).
The Other Time Commitment
The other not-so-obvious time commitment is the amount of time it takes to find an opponent of equal skill. Due to the lack of match-making on Magic Online, you need to randomly stumble across someone of equal skill level. It's no fun stomping on new players or being stomped by Pro Tour caliber players. If you're an above average player, you need to wait until Round 3 and Round 4 of a Daily Event to consistently find opponents of equal skill. Thus, you need to "waste" 2-hours or 2-rounds just to get to the right level. Same thing happens in real life by the way; competition doesn't heat up until the later rounds of Day 1 / Start of Day 2. Magic Online is built on the premise of "game lobbies," a concept that died in the 90s. We now have ELO-like ratings and match-making systems in every major video game — except Magic Online.
Why Hearthstone Wins
So now we've figured out why I like Hearthstone. I can start an Arena run and play a match in 10-minutes. After 10-minutes, I can carry-on with my life. If I want, I can sit there and play continuously for 1-hour, 2-hours, or even 10-hours if I felt like it. Whenever I feel like it, I can play Ranked matches to play opponents of roughly the same skill. No need to slug through the "early levels" just to get to the competition. With Hearthstone, there's even progression! You can level up to show your progress and eventually reach Legendary status. Even though the game is much simpler, and without a doubt, inferior (in terms of gameplay) to Magic, it provides me the entertainment I want on the time schedule I dictate.
The Competitor
Wizard has stated that Hearthstone is not a competitor to Magic Online. Oh how wrong they are. Yes, Wizards is going in a different direction with Magic. However, what they fail to realize is that Magic skills transfer to Hearthstone — if you're good at Magic, you will be good at Hearthstone — and Magic players will jump ship to this more enjoyable experience. Ask Mr. Kibler what he prefers to stream? My twitter is feed is all Magic pros/personalities, yet a good 20% of the content on there is Hearthstone-related. What does that say about the two games?
Conclusion
So Magic Online has a lot of problems. We all know that. Wizards is working on fixing the bugs. They could update the game to have modern graphics. But what they actually need to do is change how we spend our time playing Magic. No more downtime between matches, no more waiting, not more slogging through opponents of inappropriate skill levels. I hope the Magic team really focuses on the success of Hearthstone and translates it back into the game we all love.
Diplomatic Language Changes: Semantics or Policy Shift?
There has been a story brewing for a while about seemingly subtle changes that have been appearing in the language of Canada's foreign affairs documents and memos. These changes have not been generated by members of our diplomatic corps, but have in fact been the result of political directives from ministry staffers.
The changes seem minor at first glance. Terms like “gender equality” and “child soldiers” are to be replaced with “equality of men and women” and “children in armed conflict”. “International humanitarian law” is now simply “international law”, and the phrases “good governance,” “public diplomacy”, “human security” and “Responsibility to Protect” are to be stricken altogether.
Of course, diplomacy is all about language. Precise language. Language that has legal and political implications. And so this seemingly arbitrary attempt to change the language used by our diplomats and foreign service workers is being met with resistance.
Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon insists that “it is up to the departments to execute the policies that the Canadian population supported and acknowledged by putting this government in place.” The problem is, there hasn't actually been any public statement or debate in parliament or DFAIT position paper developed or any official communication to the international community that Canada will, for example, be retreating from our condemnation of the use of child soldiers, or standing against the notion of Responsibility to Protect.
The latter policy is a perfect example of why language is so important in these cases. ‘Responsibility to Protect' (R2P) was originally adopted by the UN in 2005 as a way to hold states responsible for protecting their own citizens from genocide, ethnic cleansing, war crimes, etc. The policy is currently being debated and re-evaluated at the United Nations, a move instigated by their new president Miguel D'Escoto Brockmann. Several nations are beginning to question the implications of R2P on foreign policy and are trying to devise ways to prevent it from being used as an excuse for the larger powers to meddle or invade.
It's a complex and nuanced issue, and the current UN debates underscore the necessity for Canada to craft well thought-out foreign policy positions that truly represent who we are as a nation. Instead, it appears that our government would prefer to make these complex issues disappear by simply hitting the ‘delete' button, for reasons that seem to have more to do with political ideology than sound foreign policy.
Advertisements
International Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland signed the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal in a ceremony in New Zealand today.
After signing the agreement, Freeland told reporters that Canada's participation in the Asia Pacific economy was very important and reassured her counterparts from the other 11 countries that Canada's new government was pro-trade.
"We are in a unique position because we were not in government when the TPP was negotiated," Freeland said. "Our commitment during the election was to state very firmly that we are a party that believes in trade, and a government that believes strongly in free trade."
Ministers from the 12 Pacific Rim countries met at Auckland's Sky City Casino on Thursday morning, local time. The signing ceremony kicks off a two-year ratification period, during which the United States, Japan and at least four of the remaining 10 countries must approve the final legal text in order for the deal to take effect.
Freeland said Canada's approval process will begin with broad consultations on the agreement, which will include discussions with First Nations, prior to ratification.
International Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland signed the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement on Thursday, but made it clear that signing is not the same as ratifying. (David Rowland/SNPA via Associated Press)
"Those consultations in Canada very much will include aboriginal communities, they are a very important part of the national discussion," Freeland said. "We are committed to a full parliamentary committee study and a full parliamentary debate ahead of ratification."
A vigorous political debate in the two largest economies, the U.S. and Japan, combined with elections in both countries in 2016, make it far from certain that the two players in the driver's seat for negotiations will even ratify the deal.
In Canada's case, last October's election signalled a shift from the enthusiastic cheerleading Stephen Harper's Conservatives did for the deal, to a cautious, listening process on Justin Trudeau's watch.
'Big difference'
Freeland speaks of having already done "more than 70 consultations, meetings and roundtables on the TPP." Her parliamentary secretary and other ministerial colleagues have done more than 200, she said Wednesday.
She's also asked the House of Commons and Senate trade committees to conduct a comprehensive study of the deal and report back before an implementation bill is introduced.
"There is a big difference between signing and ratifying," the minister said.
Former Conservative trade minister Ed Fast, third from left, was at the table when TPP negotiations concluded in Atlanta on Oct. 4. Stephen Harper's Conservatives were defeated two weeks later, and Canada's bullish tone on the TPP changed. (Reuters/USTR Press Office/Handout)
Trudeau's government may prefer to wait out the ratification debate elsewhere before putting too much of its own weight behind a deal closely associated with the previous Conservative government's economic strategy.
Should the deal fail to be ratified by enough countries before the deadline, there may be political advantages for the Liberals in holding back.
Freeland refused last week to answer questions about whether the ongoing consultations could yet shape the contents of the already-negotiated deal, saying it was "not very wise to answer hypotheticals."
Asked whether there was reason to feel skeptical about the value of consulting on a done deal, Freeland said Wednesday that "it's important for us as a country to discuss and understand its many implications."
Protestors perform a haka outside the venue of the signing of the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement in Auckland, New Zealand, Thursday. (Martin Hunter/SNPA/Associated Press)
She hedged when asked if there's an economic study proving TPP's benefits: "It's a big job and we are working on it."
"In all honesty, we don't know the results of those consultations," NDP trade critic Tracey Ramsey said on Parliament Hill. "This deal doesn't have an economic impact study attached to it."
"If this deal's not good for Canadians, then why are we there signing?"
'Grand PR exercise?'
While the signing is a "very important moment," it's "only a first step," Freeland said.
As politically useful as it may be to portray the parliamentary vote as more significant, that's not how international treaties work, notes an academic who studies the constitutional powers of different branches of government.
When it comes to ratification, Parliament is "a political arm, and not a legal one," the University of Ottawa's Philippe Lagassé told CBC News. "I think there's a legitimate critique of saying 'are the consultations merely a grand PR exercise?'"
Protesters took to the streets in Kuala Lumpur on Jan. 23 to protest against the TPP's ratification ahead of a debate in Malaysia's parliament last month. All 12 countries who negotiated the deal signed on in Auckland Thursday. (Joshua Paul/Associated Press)
First the deal is signed by a minister of the Crown, then implementing legislation to change domestic law must pass to demonstrate that the deal is binding, which might include changing both provincial and federal laws.
Finally, it's cabinet's job, not Parliament's, to ratify.
"The difficulty is that it's [already] been negotiated," Lagassé said. "I'm just worried that it's going to give a false impression that somehow you're in a position after you sign to renegotiate.
"If it is a take it or leave it situation ... what role will the House play in scrutinizing this?" he said, noting that it will be interesting to see if there's a free vote or if Liberals with concerns are free to break rank.
Scrub complete in 3 languages
Freeland took her time confirming her attendance. Her department hadn't been forthcoming with details about the signing ceremony.
It's not clear what the consequences would have been if she didn't go, Lagassé said.
"If you perceive yourself as one of the main beneficiaries of this treaty, then you don't want to be seen as a party that's holding it up," he said.
"There are ... privileges that original signatories to the deal have. And that is why we believe that it is very much in Canada's national interest to be here at the signing," the minister told reporters Wednesday.
Farm groups eager to see tariffs cut or eliminated in key Asian markets like Japan were in Auckland to applaud the signing. Some 65% of Canada's agri-food exports go to TPP countries, and they warn of billion-dollar consequences if Canada doesn't ratify.
"Canadian agriculture has lived through this before with Korea, when a billion dollar market was cut in half virtually overnight as the U.S. had access and we didn't. We can't afford to see this happen again with TPP countries," said Brian Innes, the president of the Canadian Agri-Food Trade Alliance in a release.
NDP ag critic Brosseau says Libs 'sitting on hands' on TPP... 'we might ratify, we might not.' Uncertainty 'not appreciated by farmers.' <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hw?src=hash">#hw</a> —@janycemcgregor
On the other hand, groups like OpenMedia, which opposes the intellectual property provisions, continue to pressure the government not to ratify.
TPP would "censor the Web, criminalize our online activities, and cost us money," digital rights expert Meghan Sali said in another release.
This week's talks will see the 12 partners consider how and where to set up a permanent secretariat to oversee the deal and work through other remaining issues.
The final text has been legally scrubbed in English, French and Spanish and posted online by New Zealand.
The twelve signatories are: Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, United States and Vietnam.
In celebration and support of the 2015 WWC, Almond will be featuring some pre- and post-workout nutrition inspired by the U.S. Women's National Team.
The elimination stages of the WWC are upon us. Every minute of each game counts. Players' bodies are sore and fatigued from the three game group-phase, and fueling post-game recovery can be make or break.
During the “off-days”, the players have to travel across Canada to new game locations while trying to rest, recover and regenerate for the next match.
Help You, Help Yourself
During exercise, your muscle tissues are broken down and carbohydrates are the ideal source for restoration. Post work-out is when the body is most efficient in carbohydrate breakdown, leading to immediate utilization. The sooner you replenish, the sooner your body can restore and reduce muscle recovery time. Incorporating a protein source in your post-workout snack is also noteworthy for rebuilding muscle, and should provide around a 4:1 ratio with snack carbohydrate level.
Throwback to London 2012: three minutes after U.S. scored a 4–3 victory over Canada, advancing to the Olympic gold medal match against Japan.
Easy on-the-go post-workout snacks are key to the players of WWC who may need the fuel as soon as they step off the field. See what the pro's use and try out the homemade variations to reap the same benefits to rest & recover for what tomorrow has in store.
On-the-Go with the Pro's
Protein Shakes: Pre-made protein shakes are popular amongst the women of the World Cup as they are easy to pack and accessible after training and games. Each athlete has her favorite, but Gatorade Whey Protein shakes are staples for the U.S. Women's National Team. These shakes supply a good balance of protein and carbohydrates, and come in a variety of flavors!
Nutrition/ Recovery Bars: Once again, bars offer easy-access, convenience for walk-off the field nutrition-recovery. The variety of bars available today is immense, with options catering towards diet-restricted populations such as plant based and gluten free. With that being said, be sure to study labels and nutrition information for the product that best suits your needs! Popular bars amongst professional women's soccer players include: Power Bars and PowerGels, GoMacro Bars, Kind Bars,and Larabars. These examples offer well-balanced, immediate nutrition.
Smoothies: Another trend amongst these elite soccer women includes creating their own recovery smoothies. The players' creations combine a base protein powder such as EAS 100% Whey Protein or VEGA Powder, with fruits such as bananas and berries (frozen fruit work great,too), milk or milk variation (almond, hemp, rice), nut-butter (almond, peanut), seeds (flax, chia).
Home-Made, Ready-Made
Inspired by the classic, nutrition recovery resources of the WWC, below are additional ideas that you can get creative with at home and make more personalized to your needs:
Low-fat Chocolate Milk: Chocolate Milk is not just for kids, it is a proper balanced carbohydrate, protein post-workout drink that has grown in popularity among athletes after recent research proving its benefits. Feel free to create your own chocolate milk or flavored milk such as banana.
Cheese and Crackers: A small stack of your favorite crackers and with a bit of cheese can be a fun on the go or at home snack that you can dress up or down.
Granola or Homemade Trail Mix: A few handfuls of granola combining oats, nuts and dried fruit provide you with carbohydrates and protein. Leave a small stash in your gym bag for convenience and even get creative experimenting with homemade combinations.
Try these snacks and recover with the pros as Team USA takes on Team Germany tonight for a place in the gold medal match.
Looking for post-work out nutrition tailored to your work outs? Talk to your own personal dietitian on Almond via 1-on-1 video consultations. Anywhere, anytime.
Square Enix reveals new real-time tech demo using DirectX 12
Square Enix announced and revealed a new tech demo today known as WITCH CHAPTER 0 [cry], which has put together the latest graphics technology in DirectX 12 to present a different side of Agni's Philosophy.
As a part of a research project that studies a variety of next generation technologies, Square Enix conducted extensive research on real-time CG technology utilizing DirectX 12 in collaboration with Microsoft and NVIDIA, makers of high-end graphics technlogy. The results of this research will be incorporated into Square Enix's Luminous Studio engine, and is intended for use in future game development.
WITCH CHAPTER 0 [cry] was created by much of the same team who worked on Agni's Philosophy – the next generation tech demo revealed at E3 2012.
“Our team has always pursued cutting-edge pre-rendered and real-time CG,” commented Hajime Tabata, head of the next-generation technology research project and Division Executive of Business Division II of Square Enix. “As a part of the technical development, we created this demo using world-class, real-time CG technology with generous support from leading-edge software and hardware providers – Microsoft's Windows10/DirectX 12 and NVIDIA's GeForce GTX. The efforts from this project will power future game development as well as Final Fantasy XV, currently a work in progress.”
“Square Enix is working on this next-generation research project as a showcase for our technology and creativity which will lead the future of Square Enix,” said Yosuke Matsuda, president and representative director of Square Enix. “The results will be used to further advance the quality and technical expertise of our games. We will continue to pursue this research on cutting-edge technologies including high-end real-time graphics using the innovative DirectX 12.”
The WITCH CHAPTER 0 [cry] demo video showcased at the Microsoft Build Developer Conference can be viewed below.
An FBI SWAT team arrives at the scene of a fatal shooting at the University of California, Los Angeles, Wednesday, June 1, 2016, in Los Angeles.
As the counter-terrorism battle moves online, DARPA seeks to track how ISIS spreads its ideas — and how well US ripostes are working.
Multiple motivations may have been at play in the Orlando killer's attack at the Pulse night club in Orlando this week. While it is possible to overstate the influence of the Islamic State, it is impossible to ignore ISIS messaging as at least one contributing factor. On Tuesday President Obama said that the killer “appears to have absorbed” messages from ISIS, whose propaganda, “videos, their postings are pervasive and more easily accessible than we want.” If the online world is part of the battlefield, a new Pentagon program is building tools to evaluate how the battle is going.
“From phony news on Web sites to terrorist propaganda on social media to recruitment videos posted by extremists, conflict in the information domain is becoming a ubiquitous addition to traditional battlespaces. Given the pace of growth in social media and other networked communications, this bustling domain of words and images—once relegated to the sidelines of strategic planning—is poised to become ever more critical to national security and military success around the globe,” reads the program description for the Quantitative Crisis Response, or QCR, from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA.
DARPA posted the program description this week, several days after Michael Lumpkin, director of the State Department's Global Engagement Center, or GEC, revealed the program in an interview with Defense One.
“Many tools are available today to reveal whether rockets and bombs hit their targets or otherwise achieved their tactical goals. But no such tools are available to rigorously assess the effects of the volleys of information that are traded through social media and other communications channels,” reads the description.
Related: Why Lone Wolf Attacks Are So Hard To Predict
The new program seeks to develop “automated digital tools that can help operational partners better understand how information is being used by adversaries and to quantitatively predict and assess—in real time and at scale—the effects of those campaigns and of countermeasures.”
In other words, it seeks to better understand how information propaganda from groups like ISIS is working, as well as the effectiveness of counter responses.
The program's director is Wade Shen, a former associate group leader in the Human Language Technology Group at MIT's Lincoln Laboratory, where he worked on ways to distinguish one person's language patterns from another. At DARPA, he's served as a program manager for the MEMEx program, a search engine for the Dark Web.
The problem of individuals “absorbing” Islamic state propaganda and engaging in lone-wolf attacks appears to be growing. On May 21, ISIS spokesperson Abu Muhammad al-Adnani issued an audio recording urging followers across the globe to attack civilian targets in the West.
“Let it be known to you that [spilling] the blood [of people living] in the country of the crusaders and combatants is not forbidden. There is no such thing as innocents” there, he said, according to a translation provided by the Middle East Media Research Institute.
On June 13, the Congressional Research Service published a report on Islamic State radicalization. They found that five of 13 violent Muslim-extremist attacks that have occurred in the United States since 9/11 were related to ISIS.
“It does not appear that any of the suspects in either the five IS-inspired attacks or the eight others had sustained, substantive, in-person contact with foreign terrorist organizations. In essence, these attacks involved do-it-yourself—DIY—terrorists. Largely isolated from the operational support of terrorist organizations, they acquired violent skills (however rudimentary) by themselves or relied on abilities that they had developed prior to becoming violent jihadists,” the CRS report said.
Some of these attacks, such as the San Bernardino and Orlando massacres, made international headlines. Others were less widely reported. On Jan. 7, Edward Archer shot a police officer in Philadelphia and then pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. Last November, University of California student Faisal Mohammad stabbed a fellow student; five months later, “the FBI announced that its investigation of the incident uncovered evidence that Mohammad may have been inspired by Islamic State propaganda,” the CRS report said.
Seconds after the story "Rep. Gary Palmer votes for Sen. Sessions to be House speaker, Boehner wins post" hit AL.com, the emails started coming in.
Misprint. Correction. You're wrong.
There's just one problem. It wasn't a misprint.
Rep. Palmer stuck to his guns today and didn't vote for Speaker of the House John Boehner. But instead of voting for one of the alternatives, he opted to cast his voice vote for Alabama's Sen. Jeff Sessions. That caused confusion among some, who thought maybe he meant Texas Rep. Pete Sessions.
After all, Jeff Sessions has a Sen. in front of his name, not a Rep.
A recap of the votes at the end of roll call confirmed, however, that Palmer was voting for Alabama's junior senator. It turns out the Speaker of the House doesn't have to be a member of the House itself, though every speaker has been.
Palmer's vote brings us to our comment of the day, which is actually two comments.
Commenter Creole Sandwich (great name by the way) wrote: "Elect a Senator to be Speaker of the House? Representative Palmer, you should have voted for Scalise or Brooks then and at least not tried to reinvent the wheel," referencing Louisiana's Rep. Steve Scalise and Huntsville Rep. Mo Brooks.
Or at least that's what we thought. Commenter TruthSayer had a different take on things: "Brooks for Speaker? I don't think Mel Brooks would be interested but, you know. At least he would be funny."
Who knows? Blazing Saddles in Congress? Might make for a good show.
Michael Chang/Getty Images
It did not take long for Nick Saban to begin experimenting with his roster, as he moved three offensive players to the secondary during Alabama's first practice to open the spring—including former running back Dee Hart.
Hart and receivers Cyrus Jones and Christion Jones worked out with the defensive backs on Saturday, according to the Associated Press (h/t ESPN).
With a backfield stocked full of former prep All-American running backs, the idea of at least one running back moving was not an idea of if, but a matter of when.
If there's one position where Alabama could be light on depth this spring, it is at the corner position. Plus, having more than two strong corners is a necessity in the era of spread offenses that use four- and five-receiver formations.
The fact that Saban can cover a potential weakness with a former 5-star recruit (per Rivals.com) shows the depth of the program he's built and his prowess in finding ways to get the most talent possible on the field.
All three players have the athleticism to contribute on either side of the ball and each has had experience playing defense on the prep level. Saban mentioned that as one of the factors that prompted the decision, according to Chris Walsh of BamaOnline (subscription required).
“I don't even know that we're looking to make permanent changes,” Saban said. “We're looking to see if any of those guys can help us, and if this would be a better circumstance for how much they would be able to contribute to our team. The first thing you've got to do to determine that is, 'Can the guy do it? Does he have the physical attributes to be able to do it, and help you in some role.' I've been encouraged by all those guys. They're all really athletic. They've all played defensive back before, so it's not like they're lost, and I don't think there's any way that all those guys are going to end up on defense. Maybe one. Maybe two, if they both have roles”
Hart, a third-year sophomore who has struggled with injuries, is an intriguing option as a nickel or dime corner, provided he returns with a clean bill of health.
Given that Alabama struggled when teams like Texas A&M and Georgia spread it out a year ago, moving an athletic player that is comfortable operating in space to the secondary is a great place to start.
Hart's biggest challenge will be developing the necessary mentality to play defense at an SEC level. Luckily for his future outlook on defense, Saban is a noted secondary guru and capable of getting him to play a new position at a high level.
In the case of Hart, the move almost makes too much sense for all the parties involved.
With four stud running backs set to join an already crowded backfield, it's highly unlikely that Hart will get a chance to earn any meaningful reps at that spot.
The position switch for Hart means that he could find a role in the secondary with former prep teammate and current Tide safety Ha Ha Clinton-Dix and become a valuable part of the defense if he can adjust.
While Hart's foray over to the defensive side of the ball is still in the experimentation phase, at the very least, it represents a great opportunity for him to impress coaches and earn himself a role on the field this fall.
Follow @skirp1
News_release
Four scientific institutions – University of California, San Diego, J. Craig Venter Institute, La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology and The Scripps Research Institute – have teamed up to create the “Mesa Consortium,” a new scientific hub for the Human Vaccines Project. Under a collaborative agreement, the Mesa Consortium and the Human Vaccine Project aim to transform current understanding of the human immune system and expedite development of vaccines and biologics to prevent and treat many global diseases.
The Human Vaccines Project is a new global initiative that brings together leading research centers, pharmaceutical companies and state-of-the-art machine-learning methods to tackle the unprecedented mission of decoding the human immune system to accelerate the development of new vaccines and immunotherapies against major infectious diseases and cancers.
“Vaccines have helped us eradicate smallpox and nearly eradicate polio, but we have not yet experienced the same vaccine successes for global killers like HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria, cancer and other diseases,” said Wayne C. Koff, PhD, president and CEO of the Human Vaccines Project. “We need new approaches to address major gaps in knowledge, leverage recent technological advances and hasten vaccine development.
“To this end, the Mesa Consortium brings an unparalleled and complementary set of scientific capabilities in the areas of immunology, vaccines and immunotherapeutic research to the Project's network. We look forward to major contributions toward deciphering the key principles of human immunity and ushering in a new era of global disease prevention and control.”
The Mesa Consortium will carry out extensive immunological analyses from the Project's clinical research studies designed to answer specific questions about human immunity. The Mesa Consortium will also serve as the Project's bioinformatics core.
“Driven by partnerships with leading academic centers, and enabled by new technologies and a scientific plan focused on solving the main barriers to developing new immune-based interventions, we believe our collaboration with the Project could help to transform global efforts in vaccine and immunotherapeutic development,” said UC San Diego Chancellor Pradeep K. Khosla.
“New genetic and immune monitoring technologies are enabling an unprecedented look at the human immune system, and are generating extensive amounts of data,” said J. Craig Venter, PhD, founder, chairman and CEO of the J. Craig Venter Institute. “When combined with sophisticated bioinformatics analyses, we may soon be able to unlock the principles of how to stimulate and direct immune responses against some of the world's most pressing diseases. We are very pleased to be bringing the Mesa's unparalleled scientific capacity to this global — and potentially transformative — initiative.”
About the Human Vaccines Project
The Human Vaccines Project is a non-profit public-private partnership with the mission to accelerate the development of vaccines and immunotherapies against major infectious diseases and cancers by decoding the human immune system. The Project, incubated initially at the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative (IAVI), has a growing list of partners and financial supporters, including the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, GSK, MedImmune, Sanofi Pasteur, Crucell/Janssen, Regeneron, Pfizer, Aeras, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, UC San Diego, The Scripps Research Institute, J. Craig Venter Institute and La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology. The Project brings together leading academic research centers, industrial partners, nonprofits and governments to address the primary scientific barriers to developing new vaccines and immunotherapies, and has been endorsed by 35 of the world's leading vaccine scientists.
David Friedman recently conducted his 3rd AMA, found here. This article collects selected highlights from the AMA and my notes. There are 6 highlighted questions in total.
Q: “…what mechanism of a free market would keep a corporation from expanding into so many ventures and growing so large that it becomes essentially a government?” A: “In most industries, there are economies of scale up to some size, diseconomies above that, with the result that natural monopolies are rare except in very small markets…” Notes: Friedman takes the pragmatic response that A-C enforcement firms could turn into governments, but they probably won't. He identifies two related supply-side mechanisms including economies of scale and potential cartelization. There are many other possible mechanisms including-demand side mechanisms. Two notables are technology and ideological social preference. Interestingly, market economics can describe the way governments previously formed. Q: “What do you think of Nozick's argument that anarchy itself is unstable which will cause the rights enforcement agencies to become psuedo state then essentially states?” A: Friedman said that he finds the argument weak and that a stronger argument is that A-C societies are not found in the modern world which demonstrates infeasibility. Another user noted that the fact that A-C societies are not found today or in the past is particularly weak evidence that such a society could not thrive in the future. Notes: I agree that A-C society becomes more plausible as time goes on, in part due to the effect of technology on the structure of society. Absence of A-C society does not demonstrate infeasibility, but it does demonstrate relative efficiency of traditional states in contexts thus far, which could change in the blink of an eye. Most importantly, the facts are wrong here. Anarchic society has existed and still exists today, despite the allegation that anarchies are not observed. Anarchy just hasn't looked quite like Friedmanian Anarcho-Capitalism thus far. For reference, see Can an Anarchic Nation Exist? and Another Historical Objection to Anarcho-Capitalism. Q: “Would the concentration of power through economic inequality be a serious problem to the stability of a anarchocapitalistic society?” A: “In a modern society, I don't think concentration through economic inequality would be a serious problem, since even a very rich individual has a very small fraction of the total wealth of everyone.” Notes: I would also point out that open source and similar shared resources are on the rise. These resources have larger spillover benefits than primary consumption benefits. In other words, the general welfare increases more than the welfare of the primary consumer when such goods are produced and consumed. If technological progress continues this trend of positive external dominance, then real wealth per person will be increasingly equal even if nominal income becomes infinitely unequal. Q: “Obviously you have different views on law than Rothbard, but I was wondering what your opinion on his concept of law in an ancap society is?” A: “As best I understand it, his view was that legal philosophers would figure out what the law should be and all courts would follow it. In the system I describe, law is produced on a competitive market by arbitration agencies, each pair of private rights enforcement agencies agrees on an arbitration agency to settle disputes between their customers, so the arbitration agencies are trying to create the law that customers want to be under.” Notes: I think the Friedmanian system is much more plausible in the real world. Q: “Why couldn't individual people to craft private law themselves or via their explicit agents via contract –why rely on orgs to make law that people then adopt?” A: “Because there are economies of scale in both crafting legal systems and negotiating agreement. “ Notes: Friedman's answer is good for the current historical climate, but technology can deleverage economies of scale. This is related to the notion that A-C is more plausible in the future. The idea is that States have economies of scale which is comparatively better than small firms, but this competitive advantage will vanish and then even reverse due to technological empowerment of the masses. For the same reason small firm enforcement agencies may only be a transitory phase on the way to individual governance. Now, if economies of scale are somehow permanent in the very long run then they would not be a mere phase. Perhaps Friedman believes the economies of scale are permanent, but I don't. Q: “I'm curious what your rebuttal is to the possibility of an ancap future full of private military corporations formed over ethnic, geographic, religious, and cultural ties, as opposed to merely a profit incentive, which may or may not reap grand financial returns. Do you consider something like this likely, or possible even?” A: “People are sometimes willing to bear large costs for ideological motives that don't easily fit a model of rational self interest, but I don't think it's so common that such behavior is likely to dominate the structure of the society.” Notes: Social values are priced in to the market. If you buy some good for religious, cultural, ethnic, or other reasons the market will still regulate good price, quantity produced, and so on in the same way as any other good. Next, in the long run the profit motive is the dominant factor. This is not because of an intent to form profit, but because of economic law. A business with an ethnic discount, for example, would be out-competed in the long run, ceteris paribus.
Related
Today we have a ton of new high quality images from Marvel's upcoming ‘Avengers: Age of Ultron‘ to share with you! While some of the stills might be familiar from a recent set that are from the recent Empire Magazine shoot, these are the high quality ones and not just scans. Aside from these updates images there are also shots from the trailer and a few new ones as well! After that we've got some great promotional material and posters from Fathead that are for the upcoming movie as well!
Let's take a peak at the new shots from the film itself!
Okay, so I really can't wait for the May 1st release of ‘Avengers: Age of Ultron'. The movie just keeps looking better and better. Now let's take a look at the promotional material from Fathead that includes a few up close shots of characters and some great posters that you'll want to check out as well!
While I'm not the biggest fan of the style used on the individual characters, I can't help but love everything else that they've given to us.
So my fellow True Believers I have to ask; which of the above shots stand out the most for you? Share your thoughts below!
Synopsis:
Marvel Studios presents Avengers: Age of Ultron, the epic follow-up to the biggest Super Hero movie of all time. When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program, things go awry and Earth's Mightiest Heroes, including Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, The Incredible Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye, are put to the ultimate test as the fate of the planet hangs in the balance. As the villainous Ultron emerges, it is up to The Avengers to stop him from enacting his terrible plans, and soon uneasy alliances and unexpected action pave the way for an epic and unique global adventure.
‘The Avengers: Age of Ultron' starring Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Jeremy Renner, James Spader, Elizabeth Olsen, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Paul Bettany, Don Cheadle, Andy Serkis, and Samuel L. Jackson assembles in theaters on May 1, 2015.
Source: Slash Film
The state is trying to shut down a New York City doctor's ambitious plan to treat uninsured patients for around $1,000 a year.
Dr. John Muney offers his patients everything from mammograms to mole removal at his AMG Medical Group clinics, which operate in all five boroughs.
“I'm trying to help uninsured people here,” he said.
His patients agree to pay $79 a month for a year in return for unlimited office visits with a $10 co-pay.
But his plan landed him in the crosshairs of the state Insurance Department, which ordered him to drop his fixed-rate plan – which it claims is equivalent to an insurance policy.
Muney insists it is not insurance because it doesn't cover anything that he can't do in his offices, like complicated surgery. He points out his offices do not operate 24/7 so they can't function like emergency rooms.
“I'm not doing an insurance business,” he said. “I'm just providing my services at my place during certain hours.”
He says he can afford to charge such a small amount because he doesn't have to process mountains of paperwork and spend hours on billing.
“If they leave me alone, I can serve thousands of patients,” he said.
The state believes his plan runs afoul of the law because it promises to cover unplanned procedures – like treating a sudden ear infection – under a fixed rate. That's something only a licensed insurance company can do.
“The law is strict on how insurance is defined,” said an Insurance Department spokesman.
A possible solution that Muney's lawyer crafted would force patients to pay more than $10 for unplanned procedures.
They are waiting to see if the state will accept the compromise. Still, Muney is unhappy because, he said, “I really don't want to charge more. They're forcing me.”
One of his patients, Matthew Robinson, 52, was furious to learn the state was interfering with the plan.
“The whole point is, he [Muney] found a way of paying his rent, paying his workers, and getting to see patients for the price,” said Robinson.
“How can the state dictate you've got to charge more?”
This article is over 2 years old
Former PM says ‘Islamist' terrorists are ‘always trying to find new ways to create havoc', as Julie Bishop confirms three Australians among injured in France
Tony Abbott says he was advised during his prime ministership that Australian homegrown terrorists would find new and creative ways to kill people, as at least 84 people were confirmed dead in an attack in France.
The suspected terrorist attack took place in Nice when a truck drove through a crowd of people celebrating Bastille Day.
“This is the problem,” Abbott told told Fairfax Media. “Islamist terrorism – if this is what it turns out to be – has been incredibly creative when it comes to new and even very mundane ways to kill people.”
'Bodies were flying': Australians describe horrific scenes in Nice truck attack Read more
He reportedly praised the professionalism of police and security agencies, which were a testament to the lack of similar atrocities in Australia.
“They're always trying to find new ways to create havoc,” he said.
“It shows there are people who have nothing but malice towards those who don't share their beliefs.
“It shows how vulnerable we are to people who are prepared to kill and be killed without compunction. There's no gratitude to the societies that have given them succour, just malice.”
His comments came as the foreign affairs minister, Julie Bishop, confirmed, three Australians were injured in the Nice attack.
Malcolm Turnbull andBishop immediately condemned the attack, stating that Australians were mourning for the “victims of another murderous act of terror in France overnight, on Bastille Day”.
Bishop confirmed that three Australians were among the injured, though their injuries were thought to be minor.
“We condemn this attack,” Bishop said. “We support our friends and partners in France and we join with others around the world in hoping that this will be the end of this type of horrific incident that is targeted at unarmed civilians.”
Nice truck attack: Hollande denounces 'monstrous' killing of 84 on Bastille Day – live Read more
Bishop said the French government believed the attack had all the hallmarks of a terrorist attack.
“Our ambassador has given me some insight into how this has been received in France,” Bishop said. “It has shocked France, it has rocked it to its core.”
Bishop said the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade has reissued advice for Australians travelling to France, recommending travellers exercise a high degree of caution.
She said the Australian government would wait for the formal investigation to “take its course”.
“This latest attack reminds us that no city, no country is immune from terrorist attacks, that's why the Australian government will do all in our power to keep Australians as safe as possible, both at home and abroad,” Bishop said.
Australians wishing to confirm the whereabouts of missing relatives and friends can call DFAT on 1 300 555 135.
Draft GOP redistricting map in Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans have produced a new redistricting map, although they still are not saying if they will break with normal order and attempt to pass it before the August recall elections. On the congressional level, the map apparently works to protect Republicans Paul Ryan and Sean Duffy, as well as Democrat Ron Kind. From JS Online:
Republicans are taking aggressive steps to protect House freshman Sean Duffy under a draft redistricting plan that hasn't been released to the public but is circulating among Wisconsin members of Congress. The plan goes to some lengths to make Duffy's marginally Democratic seat more Republican, according to a map provided by a Democratic source and whose main features were confirmed by sources in both parties. (You can find the map here). Arguably his party's most vulnerable House incumbent, Duffy represents the Seventh congressional district in northern Wisconsin, previously held by Democrat Dave Obey. The plan would carve out a Democratic chunk of central Wisconsin (including the cities of Stevens Point and Wisconsin Rapids) and shift it from Duffy's seat to Democrat Ron Kind's western Wisconsin district.
The map also appears to make Paul Ryan's WI-01 district a bit redder. According to one early analysis, the district may have moved from a Cook Partisan Voting Index of GOP +2 to GOP +4. That would make Ryan, who is arguably the ultimate 2012 target, a more difficult but still beatable opponent.
When will Republicans try to pass this new map? The Wisconsin state legislature's redistricting website says new maps for congressional and state legislative districts in Wisconsin are scheduled to passed in the autumn, after counties and municipalities redraw their local districts. This is done in order to avoid an administrative nightmare:
[T]he Legislature doesn't customarily tackle redistricting until the fall, after municipalities and counties draw their wards, aldermanic districts and county supervisory districts, all of which is required by state statute to be done within 180 days of the release of census data by the federal government, which happened on March 21. Wards, the state's smallest electoral units, are the basic building blocks that legislators typically used to draw state Senate and Assembly and U.S. congressional districts. Ken Mayer, a University of Wisconsin-Madison political science professor and redistricting expert, says any attempt to map legislative districts before municipalities finish their work “would be an administrative nightmare.” That's because the Republicans couldn't start at the ward level but instead would use census data to overlay legislative districts on top of municipal electoral maps. “Think of what would happen if you draw a district line in a way that it splits a ward down the middle,” says Mayer, who served as an adviser for Senate Democrats during the redistricting battle 10 years ago. “You'd have to double the number of polling places. It would be a nightmare for the clerks."
Given this, perhaps the proposed map will have to be revised significantly in order to pass a Democratic-controlled state Senate in the fall.
However, the Wisconsin GOP's pattern of power grabs, combined with their long-standing refusal to rule out redistricting before the recall elections (as seen in both articles linked above, the latter from May 12 and the former from June 13), has a lot of Democrats in Wisconsin nervous. It doesn't seem far fetched that Republicans will just say "screw it all" and pass their new maps right away if they feel threatened enough by the upcoming recalls.
Update: In the comments, glame argues that Paul Ryan's district does not get any redder in this map:
The 6th becomes safer for Petri and becomes much easier for a Republican to succeed (likely State Senator Jeff Leibham), the 7th becomes safer for Duffy but he would still be vulnerable (even if Lassa and Kreitlow are drawn out, State Rep Nick Milroy of Superior would also be a fine challenger), the 8th firms up for Ribble but he would face a strong challenge to Outagamie Co Exec Tom Nelson, and the 1st remains largely the same so Zerban still has a chance.
Check out the comment for specific numbers on each district.
Sisters, I can't tell you how happy I will be this evening when all this election stuff is over. I know it's been a frustrating time for everyone, especially on Facebook where brothers and sisters are de-friending each other left and right, calling names, and generally acting without the spirit.
I know it's a confusing time for all of us. Making sure that we are voting the right is HARD, especially when there is more than one candidate. If only the US government was as forward-thinking as our inspired Church leadership. I had a revelation that by the end of the day we will have elected to the office of the President someone who can change that. Someone who will realign in this last dispensation the Church and the State, the way God intended. I feel so blessed that soon we will have a government run the way it should: from the top down with our Heavenly Father dictating the way.
Everywhere you go you hear the champions of Democracy tooting their horns about civil responsibility and giving the government to its people. They speak impassioned about having leaders who can advocate for the needs of the disenfranchised members of society, who can ensure equality for the homosexuals, the women, the poor, those with the mark of Cain on their skin…the list goes on. They try to convince us that allowing everyone's voice to be heard and changing the government rules to make life more fair and easy for these groups is the right thing to do. One of our most inspired leaders, Boyd K. Packer once warned:
When members are hurting, it is so easy to convince ourselves that we are justified, even duty bound, to use the influence of our appointment or our calling to somehow represent them. We then become their advocates — sympathize with their complaints against the Church, and perhaps even soften the commandments to comfort them. Unwittingly we may turn about and face the wrong way. Then the channels of revelation are reversed. Let me say that again. Then the channels of revelation are reversed.
He was speaking about the Church and the US Government could take a note or two from our divinely inspired leadership. The rules are the rules. They have come from God and we can't just make exceptions because a few people don't fit into the box. God has made these rules for a reason, who are we to go about changing them? I fear the latter-days really are upon us when the possibility of marriage equality for all is looming so heavily.
Because of the dire consequences of this election, I sincerely hope you will choose your candidate carefully. If you still are unsure who to vote for, be assured that prayer is the best way to find out which candidate God wants us to elect. Don't waste your time looking at plans, policies, track records, or other useless information. The right candidate will be
revealed through the Spirit to prophets, not through the intellect to scholars.
Pray. Get down on your knees and pray as hard as you can. God will answer you. Once you have your answer, just to make sure, it is always prudent to check your choice of candidate with your husband, father, brother, or local priesthood holder (even if he is younger and less politically inclined than you!). The line of revelation goes from God -> President Monson -> The Priesthood. If you find yourself at odds with the priesthood, most likely you misunderstood what God was telling you. Priesthood aside, we sisters have only had the right to vote since 1920 and thus have much less experience in these matters, so it's just not a good idea to vote without guidance.
Vote the Right!
I say this in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.
Advertisements
WASHINGTON — Leveraging a $1.1 million incentive from NASA and the Mississippi Development Agency, Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (SpaceX) plans to begin testing components of a methane-fueled engine called Raptor at the Stennis Space Center in Mississippi early next year.
Hawthorne, Calif.-based SpaceX will perform these tests at Stennis' E-2 test facility, which will require an upgrade to accommodate the full Raptor engine — a closed-loop methane-oxygen concept SpaceX is working on for missions to deep space. The upgrades would be funded by SpaceX, NASA and the Mississippi Development Authority.
“We are looking to test the whole engine at Stennis, but the first phase starts with the components,” SpaceX spokeswoman Emily Shanklin said in an Oct. 25 email. “The E-2 stand at Stennis is big enough for components, but we would need a bigger stand for the whole Raptor.”
The E-2 complex was designed for advanced materials testing for the defunct National Aerospace Plane, a horizontal-takeoff-and-landing, single-stage-to-orbit concept that was jointly funded by NASA and the Defense Department before being canceled in 1993. NASA last used the complex in 2012 to test chemical steam generators, agency spokeswoman Rebecca Strecker wrote in an Oct. 25 email.
Each of the two stands at E-2 — one is for horizontal engine mounting, one for vertical — is rated for 100,000 pounds of thrust, according to the Stennis website. SpaceX's Raptor engine is designed to generate more than 661,000 pounds of thrust in a vacuum, Shanklin said.
SpaceX founder and Chief Executive Elon Musk has mentioned Raptor before, sometimes in connection with notional plans to colonize Mars. The Raptor name has been applied to multiple SpaceX concept engines, including one that would have been fueled by hydrogen.
The current Raptor concept “is a highly reusable methane staged-combustion engine that will power the next generation of SpaceX launch vehicles designed for the exploration and colonization of Mars,” Shanklin said. “The Raptor engine currently in development is the first in what we expect to be a family of engines.”
Staged combustion, also called closed-loop combustion, will be a new trick for SpaceX. The company's Merlin family of kerosene-fueled rocket engines, currently in use on its Falcon 9 rocket, use an open-cycle, gas-generator configuration. Given identical fuel-oxidizer mixtures and propellant flow volumes, a closed-loop engine is more efficient than one with an open loop configuration.
SpaceX has not disclosed how much money it will spend on test stand enhancements at Stennis. Shanklin said only that the company's investment would be “significant.”
The Mississippi Development Authority, using a tranche of funding from state bond issues, is putting up $500,000 for E-2 modifications, according to Manning McPhillips, chief administrative officer for the authority. NASA will put up as much as $600,000, Strecker told SpaceNews.
Testing will not begin until SpaceX and Stennis sign a Space Act Agreement that sets the ground rules, including usage fees, for the company's activities on government property. Exact terms are still being hashed out, Strecker said.
“Negotiations are in the preliminary stages, with final execution … expected in the near future,” Strecker said. “The Reimbursable Space Act Agreement will operate under a full-cost recovery model requiring SpaceX to pay NASA for all costs associated with the activity.”
SpaceX's main rocket-testing facility is near McGregor, Texas. Shanklin would not say whether any Raptor testing had already been done there, or why future tests should be performed at Stennis.
One of Stennis' advantages is its isolation — there are no neighbors to complain about noise, as there are in McGregor.
“Stennis has an 125,000 acre (5,060 square kilometer) acoustic buffer zone, which means you can test anything 24-7,” McPhillips said in an Oct. 24 phone interview.
“This is the beginning of what we hope is a long-term relationship with SpaceX,” McPhillips said.
Stennis has been testing rocket engines since NASA's earliest days. Most recently, the center hosted testing of the J-2X, a hydrogen-fueled engine conceived to power the upper stage engine of the Space Launch System NASA is building. However, NASA has not identified any mission that requires a J-2X, and the engine is to be mothballed once the current round of testing is complete.
SpaceX will not be the only “new space” company to test at Stennis. Blue Origin, the quiet Kent, Wash., firm bankrolled by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos, tested the combustion chamber for its 100,000-pound-thrust, hydrogen-fueled BE-3 engine at Stennis in 2012.
Although no major U.S. manufacturer besides SpaceX has announced plans to build a methane-fueled rocket engine, Shanklin noted that “any upgrades we make will remain with the test stand” and that “the improvements we'll make to the stand are not custom to Raptor, and could be used for testing of other methane engines.”
Follow Dan on Twitter: @Leone_SN
As Donald Trump approaches his first 100 days in office this weekend, his administration has generated more headlines over international trade in his first three months in office than perhaps any of its predecessors. It is worth taking a closer look whether his actions and announcements are the right ones for the country in the coming months and years.
On Trump's third day in office, the president pulled the United States out of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). This was the first and only trade action taken in these 100 days. Everything else he has done consists of requesting studies or investigations. The TPP trade deal was years in the making, with many analyses, both by an independent government agency and respected think tanks finding that the agreement would be positive for the U.S. economy.
If international trade were a college or a business school course, the professor would issue the Trump Administration a warning to do better going forward.
Leaving the trade deal left the United States with no economic policy toward the Pacific Rim countries and left Asia to be tied more closely its strategic rival, China. In tennis, this would be called an unforced error – a mistake that is not forced by good shots of an opponent.
It is now clear that there will be a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Trump has repeatedly criticized the agreement between Canada, Mexico and the United States. He has been particularly harsh on trade with Mexico. This may have its costs. Mexico, fearful of potential U.S. actions against its exports, has announced that it will explore buying its corn from Brazil and Argentina instead of America. The U.S. exports $2.6 billion in corn to Mexico, and if it decided to buy elsewhere, it would hurt American farmers in Iowa, Illinois, Nebraska, Minnesota and Indiana if Mexico follows through on its threat.
The administration has repeatedly said it favors trade deals between two countries versus multiple nations, which is flawed and would earn him a C minus if this were a class in international trade.
First, it is impractical — the track record is that it takes an average of two years to get one agreement through Congress. Just replacing TPP would require 11 separate bilateral trade agreements. Getting that number through Congress during this Administration would simply be impossible. Secondly, it is much harder to negotiate the opening of foreign markets in a bilateral agreement than in a multi-party agreement, because all of the payment for other country's trade concessions has to come from the United States. In TPP, 11 other countries were contributing by giving the others increased market access. In a bilateral negotiation, for example, if Japan were to open its market further to U.S. farm exports, it could expect to have greater access to the U.S. market for pick-up trucks. It could not tell its legislators that there were trade benefits from the other ten TPP partners. Third, there is just less on the negotiating table for the negotiating partner to be able to overcome domestic political opposition to reducing its trade barriers.
The Trump Executive Order to review trade with countries with which the U.S. has a trade deficit might or might not turn out well, but it would have been smarter to examine where American companies and workers could get the most export gains regardless of current bilateral trade balances. It's uncertain whether with some countries this will be a dead end, and whether there were major opportunities lost by not negotiating with countries with which the U.S. has a trade surplus or where there is close to balance.
As for the recent initiation of a national security review that could lead to import restrictions, steel imports are already subject to a plethora of additional duties under U.S. trade remedy laws. The impact on the domestic market of measures taken for national security is speculative. One downside: it is against U.S. export interests for other countries to claim national security as a reason for keeping American goods and services out of their markets. It remains to be seen where this initiative ends up.
From a potentially trade-expanding perspective, there are three announced initiatives. In each case, the implication is that the Administration has to give nothing and will make gains in foreign market access. This is unrealistic. Where the negotiations will lead is still uncertain. The most concrete of the three is the plan to launch re-negotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).
The draft notice to Congress, prepared by the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) that is needed to start the negotiations demonstrates a thoughtful approach, but we do not know what the final notice will look like that sets out U.S. negotiating objectives.
Second, the President announced the beginning of a dialogue with Japan at the conclusion of Prime Minister Abe's visit. In the follow-up meeting of Vice President Pence and Deputy Prime Minister Aso, there were indications that this bilateral process could yield the first major trade U.S.-Japan agreement. This result would be historic. Third, President Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping agreed to a 100-day process to try to deal with the two countries' particularly difficult trade relationship. What comes out of there three initiatives could be beneficial for U.S. trade. These announcements hold some promise for expanding trade, but any results lie in the future.
What would help the Administration to get improved results would be getting experienced hands on board to set trade policy and conduct negotiations. USTR still has no Presidential appointees setting America's course in trade.
Alan Wolff is a Senior Counsel with the law firm Dentons LLP. He has served as a senior trade negotiator in both Republican and Democratic administrations.
Dan Bilzerian says he loaned the production $1 million in exchange for at least eight minutes of screen time and 80 words of dialogue, but appears in the film for less than one minute.
Professional poker player Dan Bilzerian is suing the producers of Peter Berg's Lone Survivor, claiming he loaned the production $1 million in exchange for a role in the film. The problem? Bilzerian says the promised role was significantly smaller than agreed upon.
According to the suit filed Wednesday in Los Angeles Superior Court, producers Randall Emmett and George Furla agreed Bilzerian could play the role of Sr. Chief Healy in the Navy SEAL drama, and that he would "appear recognizably" in the film for at least eight minutes and speak at least 80 words of dialogue. But Bilzerian says he appears in the film for less than one minute and has just one line.
Read the complaint here.
The lawsuit is seeking damages to be determined at trial, and Bilzerian believes they will be in excess of $1.2 million (the original loan amount plus a 20 percent penalty).
An agreement dated Oct. 10, 2012 between Bilzerian and the producers says writer-director Berg had "meaningfully consulted" with Bilzerian and "taken into consideration Bilzerian's thoughts" on the part, which was written specifically for him.
Reps for Emmett and Furla did not immediately respond to request for comment.
PHOTOS: Power Lawyers: 'Star Trek's' JJ Abrams, Michael Bay and Les Moonves Pose with their Attorneys
Bilzerian previously performed stunts in Olympus Has Fallen, according to his IMDB page. He is represented by Michael J. Plonsker of Plonsker Law.
Lone Survivor centers the real-life failed mission of a group of Navy SEALs, and stars Mark Wahlberg, Taylor Kitsch, Eric Bana, Emile Hirsch and Ben Foster as SEALS attempting to take down a Taliban leader. It's slated to hit theaters Dec. 27.
The D-backs announced today that they've hired former Twins manager Ron Gardenhire as their new bench coach. Rounding out Arizona's new wave of coaches will be Tony Perezchica (third base), Mike Fetters (bullpen) and Robby Hammock (quality control).
Gardenhire will join the D-backs coaching staff and serve as top lieutenant for new manager Torey Lovullo, who was actually a candidate to replace Gardenhire in Minnesota prior to the hiring of Paul Molitor before the 2015 season. He'll bring 13 year of managerial experience at the Major League level and another 11 years of Major League coaching experience to the Diamondbacks organization. This past season, Gardenhire served as a special assistant to GM Terry Ryan in the Twins organization, and prior to that he was a finalist in the Padres' managerial hunt but lost out to Andy Green. He'll have at least one familiar face on the D-backs roster, as the new job will reunite him with Chris Herrmann, who had somewhat of a breakout season in 2016 (in a limited role) after being traded from Minnesota to Arizona last winter.
Perezchica has spent 15 years in the D-backs organization and has most recently spent the past three years as Arizona's minor league field coordinator. Fetters was the team's quality control coach prior to moving up to bullpen coach, and he'll be replaced by Hammock, who played for the Diamondbacks for parts of six seasons between 2003-11 and served as the manager for the team's Double-A affiliate for the past two seasons.
Arizona also announced that hitting coach Dave Magadan, first base coach Dave McKay, pitching coach Mike Butcher and coach/interpreter Ariel Prieto will all return to the coaching staff in 2017. Magadan and Butcher are returning for their second seasons, while Prieto will be embarking on his third with the organization and McKay will be entering his fourth in 2017.
I went to Costco the other day with my wife to pick up some Christmas lights. While there, I found the most awesome christmas lights ever: the GE Color Effects G-35.
This string contains fifty "bulbs". Each bulb contains a red, green, and blue LED—allowing for any color to be produced. The biggest drawback is how you control them: there are 14 pre-set "programs" that you can select, and they are all pretty lame. However, with a little reverse engineering and an Arduino (or any other microcontroller) they can be made into the coolest Christmas lights on the block. If you buy several strings, you could easily make a large 2D LED array. The possibilities are endless. At $59.99USD for a string (A tad over $1 per node), these things are a steal for what you can do with them.
My christmas lights, hacked to display a rainbow.
I wanted to share my efforts so that other people can give this a try. At the end of the post I have a link to the code I'm now using to drive my Christmas lights. Feel free to use it for your own hacking endeavors.
So far I've reverse engineered both the radio protocol and the protocol used on the LED data bus. Of the two, the LED data bus protocol is by far the most interesting. So that's where I'll start…
UPDATE: See follow-up post here. ?
?
LED Data Bus Protocol
There are three wires connecting all of the "bulbs" in the string: +5V, Data, and Ground, respectively. The wire isn't really marked for polarity, but the order I mention is from looking at the wire going into the first bulb from the controller box with the bulb facing up. I've labeled the wires in the following photo:
Each bulb has an address numbering from zero to fourty-nine, with bulb zero being the bulb closest to the control box.
The protocol on the data line is simple and self-clocked. Here are the low-level details:
Idle bus state: Low
Start Bit: High for 10µSeconds
0 Bites: Low for 10µSeconds, High for 20µSeconds
1 Bit: Low for 20µSeconds, High for 10µSeconds
Minimum quiet-time between frames: 30µSeconds
Each frame is 26 bits long and has the following format:
Start bit
6-Bit Bulb Address, MSB first
8-Bit Brightness, MSB first
4-Bit Blue, MSB first
4-Bit Green, MSB first
4-Bit Red, MSB first
From this we can see that we have a color depth of 12 bits. Not terribly great, but this should still be plenty for our purposes. What is interesting is the Brightness field. This field acts a bit like a multiplier and enables smooth fade-ins and fade-outs.
Bulb address 63 can be thought of as the "broadcast" bulb, except that it only changes the brightness level—the color fields are ignored. Bulb addresses 50-62 are ignored under normal circumstances.
Each frame takes 820 µSeconds to transmit. Since there are 50 bulbs, that means that takes a minimum of 41 milliseconds to individually update every bulb. This gives us a maximum refresh rate of slightly more than 24Hz. Not bad.
Bulb Enumeration
It turns out that the data line is not a continuous wire of copper thru the whole string. Each bulb contains a microcontroller with two data lines: one is an input, and one is an output.
When the string first powers up, all bulbs are in the "enumerate" state. When in this state, the first command received is used to tell the bulb what its address is. Once the address is set, all subsequent commands are forwarded to the next bulb. This process continues until all bulbs are enumerated and have an address.
Normally, you would want to perform some sort of power-on enumeration which would give each lamp it's own address—but this isn't the only option. The enumeration step allows you to assign any address to any bulb you want—including giving several bulbs the same address. By giving several bulbs the same address, you can control several bulbs with a single command.
There may possibly be a way to force all bulbs back into the enumeration state without power cycling. If this turns out to be possible I'll update this page with the details.
NOTE: While I figured out all of the other details of the protocol independently, the bulb enumeration phase was figured out with the help of joyangel and jstjohnz from doityourselfchristmas.com.
Bus Snooping Observations
I was able to figure out how to use these lights by using a logic analyzer to snoop the data on the LED control bus. In addition to being able to eventually figure out the protocol, there are a few other observations that are probably worth noting.
First, while you can set the brightness level to any value from 0x00 to 0xFF, I've never seen the stock controller use a brightness level larger than 0xCC. While the bulbs will accept values larger than this (and it will indeed be a tad brighter), I don't recommend it unless you really know what you are doing. It was probably set to this for a reason.
'White' was not represented as 15 red, 15 green, and 15 blue as I might have expected. Instead, the stock controller uses 13 red, 13 green, and 13 blue. I'm not really sure why, but it might be a good idea to follow the same convention. Saturated colors were represented as expected, i.e.: cyan was 0 red, 15 green, and 15 blue.
Bugs in the Bulbs
It appears that any time you change the brightness level on a bulb by larger than a single increment or decrement that the bulb will randomly 'glitch' for a few milliseconds. These glitches are minor if you are only doing this infrequently, but if you are updating the brightness level quickly it can become a problem, especially if you are updating the brightness level for each bulb individually. You never see this problem with the stock controller because the only time it changes the brightness level more than a simple increment or decrement is when changing programs. Changing the color value (while not changing the brightness) doesn't cause glitches.
Notes About Voltage
Beware that the power supply for the string is nominally 5.6 volts, which is too high to directly power an AVR chip. This caused me some grief early on. Adding a 5 volt regulator fixed the issues I was having. If you don't have a 5-volt regulator handy, you could probably get away with throwing a diode in-line, with an added bonus of reverse-polarity protection. If you are using an Adruino, you can simply use the regulator on the Arduino board.
If you plan to control the string using a Parallax Propeller (or other 3.3-volt microcontroller), be aware of the voltage difference. I haven't tried driving the data line at 3.3 volts, but I wouldn't be surprised if it had some problems, especially with the last few lights in the string. A level converter may be necessary to reliably control the string with a 3.3 volt chip. UPDATE: People seem to have had no problems driving the data line with 3.3 volts from a propeller, so a level converter does not appear to be necessary.
Opening the Control Unit
The control unit is rather hacker-unfriendly. It has six TP3 security bolts that require a triangle (!) shaped bit to remove. I tried to drill out one of the screws, but that was a bad idea: the screw got hot and melted the plastic. Oops.
What I ended up doing was securing one of the many disposable hex wrenches with a vise and then using my Dremel to fashion myself a triangle-shaped bit. If you decide to go this route, here is some advice:
Don't do this if you don't have a vise. Trying to do this without properly securing your hex wrench is asking for trouble.
Don't do this without goggles. Sparks go everywhere. Lots of sparks. Don't be an idiot—wear goggles.
Luckily, I've done all of the hard work for you, so there is no need to open the control unit yourself. Simply cut the wires from the control unit, strip them, and use the LED bus protocol outlined above. Don't throw the control unit away though, you may want to harvest the RF Link receiver from the unit for some future unspecified project. If you are curious, this is what is inside of the control unit looks like:
While I have no idea what is under that epoxy blob, U1 is apparently the micro controller. The text on U1 reads:
MG87FE2051AS20
1010GMBCA
CON113.00
This is a 8051 micro-controller made by a Taiwanese company named Megawin. Grab the datasheet here.
Remote Control
The remote control was the first thing that I started to reverse engineer, partly due to the fact that I didn't immediately have the triangle-shaped bits required to disassemble the control unit.
The remote comes apart fairly easily: just four phillips screws and you are in.
The electronics are fairly simple. The first thing you'll notice when you remove the back cover is the radio transmitter module. This is a simple 433.92 MHz On-Off Keying transmitter, similar to the cheap RF Link transmitters that you can buy from SparkFun. It works in pretty much the exact same way.
Here is what the remote boards look like from the other side:
The format of the control codes is very similar to what you might find in a TV remote.
After spending a little quality time with the logic analyzer, this is what I found:
Preamble: 15 pulses (0.2ms high, 0.2ms low), followed by 0.4ms high and 0.4ms low
0 Bites: High for 0.1ms, Low for 0.1ms
1 Bit: High for 0.2ms, Low for 0.2ms
Each radio frame is made up of the following parts:
Preamble
Two zero bits
6-bit Device ID (Can be modified by adding R15-R20 on the large PCB)
8-bit Command
One zero bit
Here are some examples:
on/off button: 00111111 10101010 0
change button: 00111111 01011010 0
I noticed that the value of the 'on/off' command appears to be somewhat dependent on the value of the device id:
R20: 00011111 01010101 0
R19: 00101111 01010101 0
R18: 00110111 10101010 0
R15: 00111011 01010101 0
R16: 00111101 10101010 0
R17: 00111110 01010101 0
Note that when R18 or R16 is set, the ON/OFF command seems inverted. The change button does not exhibit this behavior.
Software
At the moment I'm driving my string of Christmas lights using an Atmel ATTiny13A microcontroller. You can find the source code on Github.
Eventually I hope to also control these lights from a ybox2, so that I can control the Christmas lights easily from a web browser.
Anyway, feel free to use the source code for your own projects. If you happen to have the GE Color Effects Christmas Lights and end up hacking them like I did, please tell me about it in the comments section of this post.
Happy hacking!
Laszlo Balogh / Reuters Syrians cross the border from the Syrian town of Ras al-Ain to the Turkish border town of Ceylanpinar after an air strike on December 3, 2012.
Laszlo Balogh / Reuters Syrians run for cover as smoke rises over Ras al-Ain after an air strike, as seen from the Turkish border town of Ceylanpinar on December 3, 2012.
Reuters reports — Syrian government forces bombed rebel positions in the frontier town of Ras al-Ain on Monday, killing at least 12 people according to opposition activists, and prompting Turkey to scramble fighter jets along the border.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said six of those killed by the air raids on the town's Mahatta neighborhood were rebel fighters and that 30 people were wounded.
Report: Syrian rebels clash with Lebanon troops on border
Heavy bursts of anti-aircraft fire shook the Turkish town of Ceylanpinar, which abuts Ras al-Ain, sending residents fleeing for cover. Columns of smoke rose up from the Syrian side and ambulances rushed the wounded to hospital. Read the full story.
Laszlo Balogh / Reuters Syrians try to cross the border from Ras al-Ain to the Turkish border town of Ceylanpinar after an air strike on December 3, 2012.
More photos from Syria on PhotoBlog
Follow @NBCNewsPictures
•Sign up for the NBCNews.com Photos Newsletter
You can read all the posts about this particular junction, in order, here.
In July 2014, Henry Lang was killed when riding along a cycleway on Twickenham Road in Richmond, London.
The junction is dangerously designed – turning motor traffic has priority over the cycleway at side roads. The junction is unclear, people on foot and on bike are expected to look left as well as backwards to the right, simultaneously, and so the design is dangerous.
This is exactly the type of design which all cycling campaigners hate, from the hardened road warriors who love mixing with motor vehicles, to those who dream of the stress-free cycling infrastructure in the Netherlands.
Nobody wants cycleways like this. They don't suit the fit and confident, and they fail the rest of us. They're crap, and they're dangerous.
So why is Bradford building brand new inconvenient death-traps like this – with the added complications that come with bi-directional cycleways?
The photos below show freshly finished work, part of the Leeds-Bradford “CityConnect” “Cycle Superhighway” project, at the junction of Dick Lane and Grange Avenue.
Shockingly bad design.
It doesn't even match the published plans, which show the cycleway and footway having priority over the side road. Why were the plans changed, who changed them, and when? These are reasonable questions, can the CityConnect team answer them?
Why does Grange Avenue even need to be a two-way through-route, considering it merely connects back to Leeds Road around the corner?
If the person responsible for this is reading, then please quit your job before you kill someone. Let someone else do it, as you're clearly incompetent.
Or if your bosses forced you to create this monstrosity, then please contact me anonymously so I can name and shame them before somebody dies. Let us know where the blame lies. This is a waste of public money and a hazard.
The time for this kind of crap is over. It's 2015, we know that designs like this are dangerous, and we know what works.
I'm pleased to see that Cyclenation and CTC have both criticised it, and it clearly falls well below the CEoGB's expectations. Leeds Cycling Campaign and Sustrans Yorkshire are also not happy, especially as they were consulted on the design, which has since been silently changed. This junction is exactly the type of thing all campaigners should be opposing.
There is lots of space here to get this right, tons of space (have a look across the road). The two-way cycleway is too narrow, the curve at the junction is too sharp, and there should be clear visual priority for the cycleway and footway.
This is all possible, there's no physical reason why good design doesn't happen in Britain. Is it a lack of knowledge? Is it managerial incompetence? Whatever the reason, it needs fixing.
And I'm sure excuses will be made about timescales and budgets, but these are all part of the problem that needs addressing, they're not a reason to install dangerous designs like this.
This project should be put on hold now, and a thorough appraisal made before it is open for use by the public.
This junction is just one of many problems that I've been made aware of in this project. I'm planning a blog post covering some of the others, but there's only so many hours in the day and this whole scheme seems full of dangerous flaws.
If you know of other poor-quality or dangerous parts of this scheme – or if you know of any particularly good bits that should be commended – then please get in touch.
PS. Of course, there's the obligatory promotional video, which bears little resemblance to the actual engineering.
Advertisements
Kevin Giles, an Australian, has served as an Anglican parish minister for over forty years. He has been publishing on the substantial equality of the sexes since 1975 and is a foundation member of CBE International. He holds a doctorate in New Testament studies and has published books on the church, church health, ministry in the apostolic age, the Book of Acts, gender equality and the Trinity, besides numerous scholarly and popular articles.
Today, virtually all evangelicals including complementarians believe that the Bible in no way approves of or endorses slavery. It is an evil and Christians should oppose slavery. They find it hard to believe that, for eighteen centuries, Christians accepted slavery like they did other cultural realities. In fact, most Christians find it unfathomable that the best theologians in America in the nineteenth century argued that God instituted slavery and approved of it.
Indeed, no complementarian today is willing to admit that, with Bible in hand, leading evangelical and Reformed theologians argued that slavery was instituted by God and approved by him. If they did, they might have to re-examine their argument that God has permanently subordinated women to men.
Neither the editors, John Piper and Wayne Grudem, nor any of the contributors to the definitive complementarian collection of essays, Recovering Biblical Manhood and Womanhood, ever once mention that most Christians, until modern times, thought that the Bible legitimized and endorsed slavery and that American Reformed theologians wrote extensively on the “biblical” case for slavery.
In five hundred and sixty-six pages, this fact is ignored. Furthermore, the editors assert that the Bible unambiguously disapproves of slavery, laying down the grounds “for slavery's dissolution.”[1] Replying to those who connect the emancipation of women and slaves, they say that even if “some slaveholders in the nineteenth century argued in ways parallel with our defense of distinct roles in marriage, the parallel was superficial and misguided.”[2]
The case for slavery was not advanced by “some slaveholders,” but by the best evangelical and Reformed theologians of the day. If it was “misguided,” it certainly was not “superficial.” The editors and contributors to RBMW also argued that the Bible does not “approve” of slavery, it only “regulates” an existing institution like Moses regulated divorce.[3]
The editors, Andreas Köstenberger and Thomas R. Schreiner, and contributors to the later authoritative complementarian collection of essays, Women in the Church, similarly ignore or dismiss the historical facts about slavery.
Apartheid
We see exactly the same argument used to justify Apartheid in South Africa in the 20th century. Learned and seemingly godly Reformed theologians developed an impressive biblical case for apartheid–apartness. They were totally convinced that the Bible endorsed the separation of the races. They insisted that their policies were pleasing to God because they were grounded in Scripture.
The Reformed Church of South Africa was the largest denomination in the country by far. They had a number of large and well-supported theological seminaries with very high standards. Their best scholars had doctorates from mainly Dutch Universities. What is more, they were very evangelistic and worked tirelessly to see black South Africans converted and worshiping in their own churches.
In the 20th century, in the face of external attacks on white rule, the best Reformed theologians gave their able minds to developing biblical support for separate development (Apartheid). They argued that the Bible taught that humankind, by the will of God, was separated into different races that should each have their own lands. They insisted that Apartheid was pleasing to God because it was endorsed by Scripture.
I first heard the “biblical” case for Apartheid at Moore College, Sydney, in the mid 1960's from the lips of Broughton Knox, the principal, and Donald Robinson, the vice-principal. Twice while I was in college, Stephen Bradley, the bishop of the breakaway Church of England in South Africa, spoke to us students in support of Apartheid at the invitation of Dr. Knox.
The “biblical” case for Apartheid is as follows:
The world is predicated on a number of unchanging creation “orders” (i.e. God-given hierarchies, institutions, structures, and relationships), namely, the family, male leadership, the state, work, and race. The Bible teaches that God has created different races. The story of Babel tells us that the separation of people into different races with different languages is God's will. In Acts 2:5-11, Rev. 5:9, 7:9, 14:6, and other passages, the Bible clearly states that God recognizes that people are divided and identified by race. For the Apartheid theologians, difference between races trumped any similarities. Acts 17:26 was possibly the most important text for Apartheid theologians. “From our one ancestor God made all nations (Greek ethnoi) to inhabit the whole earth, and he allotted the time of their existence and the boundaries of the places where they would live.” This text was interpreted to mean that God had divided all the people of the world into different nations or races and allocated a region for each. They saw this as unambiguous endorsement of the policy of separating the different races of South Africa and allotting an area to each. Acts 17:26 was to them what 1 Tim. 2:11-14 is for complementarians. This one text settled the matter. Those who accepted what it said were obeying God, and those who did not, were opposing God. The government has the right to create laws and citizens must obey them (Rom. 13:1-7). No possible rational or moral objection can be made to the idea of different races each having their own geographical area to develop separately at their own pace. (Note the euphemistic language also common in complementarian theology. You would never guess from these words that Apartheid theology gave precedence to whites.)
This theology was backed by virtually every Reformed theologian in South Africa. The unambiguous and overwhelming support of Apartheid by the Reformed churches justified and legitimated the system. One of their most respected theologians, F. Potgeiter, summed up what was believed:
“It is quite clear that no one can ever be a proponent of integration on the basis of the scriptures. It would be in a direct contradiction of the revealed will of God to plead for a commonality between whites, coloured, and Blacks.”
Similarly, an official statement of the Reformed church stated, “The principle of apartheid between races and peoples, also separate missions and churches, is well supported by scripture.”
It was costly for any Reformed minister in South Africa to oppose this appeal to the Bible in support of Apartheid. They were branded as opponents of the church to which they belonged and worse, opponents of what the Bible so plainly endorsed.
In 1960, ten leading Reformed Afrikaner theologians published a series of essays condemning Apartheid and the claim that the Bible endorsed racial separation. They were put on trial for heresy, found guilty, and denounced by the prime minister, Dr. H. Verwoerd, himself a theologian.
In 1963, Beyers Naudé, another Afrikaner theologian, spoke out and wrote in opposition to the claim that the Bible supported Apartheid. Naudé and his family were completely ostracized by their fellow Afrikaners. He was forced to resign as minister and put out of his home without a salary.
In South Africa today, it would be hard to find a Reformed theologian who supports Apartheid. It is agreed that those who supported it were wrong.
In 1982, The World Alliance of Reformed Churches passed a motion declaring that Apartheid was a “heresy.”
It seems the South African Reformed theologians who were so sure the Bible endorsed, if not prescribed Apartheid, were teaching heresy. They had been using the Bible to justify what the Bible condemns!
Part 1 and Part 2 of this series that evangelical and Reformed theologians can, with Bible in hand, find arguments from Scripture to justify and legitimate their rule over others. Furthermore, no matter what awful consequences follow from their theology, they remain adamant that God has set them over others. We have learned from these two stories of oppression inand Part 2 of this series that evangelical and Reformed theologians can, with Bible in hand, find arguments from Scripture to justify and legitimate their rule over others. Furthermore, no matter what awful consequences follow from their theology, they remain adamant that God has set them over others.
Notes
[1] Recovering Biblical Manhood and Womanhood, ed. John Piper and Wayne Grudem (Wheaton, IL: Crossway, 2006), 65, cf 159.
[2] Ibid., 66.
[3] Ibid., 177.
“The Archies” - Alex Segura and Joe Eisma on the New Comic Book Series Drawn From Life
Issue #62 - Julien Baker
Comics' perennial teenage band, The Archies, are back for new musical adventures. The new comic book series of the same name, written by Alex Segura and Matt Rosenberg, with art by Joe Eisma, sees the fictional band interact with illustrated versions of real life musicians, while, as ever, The Archies fret, bicker, and try to remember that, despite the many difficulties, being in a band is about the fun of it all.
Both huge music fans, Rosenberg and Segura drew up a shortlist of bands they wanted to include as guest stars and, according to Segura, "the response was amazing. And only got better when we announced the first band, CHVRCHES. People want to be in a comic book, who knew?"
Created in 1941, the redheaded star of the comic books, Archie Andrews, began indulging his bubblegum garage-rock ambitions in the late '60s with his friends Jughead, Veronica, Betty, and Reggie. A real life version of the band had a huge hit with "Sugar, Sugar" in 1969, with the franchise continuing to grow over the years. In 2011 Segura penned Archie Meets KISS and Segura and Rosenberg wrote Archie Meets Ramones in 2016. The CW is currently airing the second season of the Riverdale live action television show, featuring all the main Archie characters in their titular hometown.
While each issue of The Archies can be read as a stand-alone, the writers are telling a bigger story too. In Issue #1, we see the band struggling to keep going after the initial excitement starts to fade. Segura comments, "Let's face it—the idea of being in a band with your best friends sounds great. The reality is less so." As the myriad problems of a five-way musical marriagecontinue to bubble up, in Issue #3 CHVRCHES guest star to serve as mentors to The Archies. The creative team are keeping quiet on the other bands who will be appearing in the series (although Tegan and Sara were announced after our interview) but Eisma lets slip that he still wants to land the all-female teenage Japanese metal/pop idol band Babymetal. "I've been a fan of theirs for a long time, and in terms of a team up, I think Babymetal and The Archies would make a great combo!"
"One of the main things that attracted me to this project," Eisma adds, "is the honest portrayal of what it is to be in a band, as tumultuous as that can be! My college band days were some of the wildest and most creatively expansive times of my life, and it's fun to draw a book that is really rooted in that." Rosenberg and Segura have also had similar experiences with bands which they've drawn on to make what The Archies go through ring as true as possible.
In the one-shot for the new series, published in July 2017, Archie has posters of The Clash and Built to Spill in his room, with The Ramones and Oasis' Definitely Maybe LPs also on view. "I love putting those Easter eggs in, and they are very representative of the creative team," says Eisma. "I see Archie as the type that just loves really good songwriting, no matter the genre. So he seeks out the masters and whoever is breaking new ground at the moment. As for the rest, I think Reggie is a Britpop fan, but also likes funky stuff. Veronica is into synthwave, Jughead into garage rock, and Betty's into classic '60s and '70s pop rock."
Segura agrees. "Archie's a pretty modern music listener, but also has an ear for what's come before and what kind of songs he wants to write and play, so that'll be reflected in the book."
So what does the 2017 version of The Archies sound like? While Eisma hears them as garage rock-"there are some punk elements, but having Veronica on synthesizer adds electronic aspects to their sound"-Segura says "a mix of Rilo Kiley, Weezer, Imperial Teen, and a more modern Fleetwood Mac with a big spoonful of The New Pornographers."
Eisma concludes, "Archie has pretty diverse tastes!"
[Note: This article originally appeared in Under the Radar's Fall 2017 Issue (October/November 2017), which is out now. This is its debut online.]
www.archiecomics.com
Support Under the Radar on Patreon.
Digital Track Streaming + Download Purchasable with gift card Free Download You own this
Share / Embed
about
One of the oldest riffs I wrote for this album. The lyrics are written from the viewpoint of, well, an elitist.
lyrics
How can you be so simple
So easy and so free
So careless and so stupid
With such insanity
Your breaths all sound so lifeless
The haze behind your eyes
You'd pass for any scholar
With your ignorant disguise
And it's not for me to judge
But you must forget your name
And it's not my place to ask
but do you think that we're the same?
There's only two of us in here
But there's only one seat
You seem to be in your own world
Stumbling over your own feet
I don't know how you've gotten here
Or why you think you're smart
The kind of guy who drinks cheap beer
And laughs at high-class art
And it's not for me to judge
But you must forget your name
And it's not my place to ask
but do you think that we're the same?
Maybe it's just narcissism
But I know I'm elite
And I know you're the one that's wrong
But we will never meet
I'm always right and that's the truth
And I know nothing else
You can have your own ideas
Feel free to go to hell
And it's not for me to judge
But you must forget your name
And it's not my place to ask
but do you think that we're the same?
Maybe it's just narcissism
But I know I'm elite
And I know you're the one that's wrong
But we will never meet
I'm always right and that's the truth
And I know nothing else
You can have your own ideas
Feel free to go to hell
credits
from The Idea , track released May 1, 2011
license
all rights reserved
Convicted felons should have their rights to vote restored once they've been released from prison, even if still on probation or parole, the Minnesota Senate voted Thursday.
The move was spurred by activists who say felons should be encouraged.
“If you're still a citizen, don't you deserve the right to participate in our democracy?” said Sen. Ron Latz, DFL-St. Louis Park. “Once they're back out in the community, from Day One … they're paying taxes, but they don't have the right to vote on who their representatives are imposing those taxes?”
Sen. Bobby Joe Champion, DFL-Minneapolis, said Minnesota has 47,000 felons living in communities, and called them “our family members, neighbors, friends.” Letting those felons vote, Champion said, would help them reintegrate into society.
“We don't want people in prison, we don't want them incarcerated,” Champion said. “We want them in our communities and doing positive things.”
Felons currently lose their voting rights while still serving out their sentence, even if released on parole or probation. The felon voting measure approved by the Senate on Thursday would continue to deny the vote while felons are incarcerated, but restore it upon release onto probation or parole.
But Sen. Warren Limmer, R-Maple Grove, asked the Senate to defeat felon voting, saying it was “incongruous” to allow people who have broken the law to help make the law through voting.
The DFL-controlled Senate rejected Limmer's amendment, with all DFL lawmakers joining a handful of Republicans.
Another lawmaker, Sen. Scott Newman, R-Hutchinson, offered a series of amendments to try to add more limitations to felon voting.
“In Minnesota, we have lots and lots of people on probation, by design, but please don't come and try and convince me that because they're on probation they have somehow fulfilled their obligation to society,” Newman said.
Among his proposals:
— Restore voting rights two years after release, not immediately
— Restore rights only after all fines or restitution has been paid
— Revoke the voting rights if an arrest warrant is issued to an individual on parole or probation
All eight of Newman's proposals were also defeated.
Newman said he had moderated in his opposition to felon voting, from outright opposition when current congressman Keith Ellison sponsored it as a lawmaker in 2006 to qualified opposition now.
Sen. Dave Thompson, R-Lakeville, called felon voting one of several “issues that cut deep into people's hearts.”
“The hardest issues to resolve … are when core values, core principles we hold deeply, come up against one another,” Thompson said. “This is a classic example.”
The vote was a triumph for activists who have been pushing to restore felon voting for years. On Thursday, several dozen with the group ISAIAH gathered outside the Senate chambers for a prayer rally in support of felon voting and two other measures: juvenile justice reform and driver's licenses for undocumented immigrants.
All three provisions have been included in Senate policy bills, but not in similar bills in the Republican-controlled House.
Rally leaders said they wanted to keep pressure on sympathetic lawmakers so their priorities wouldn't be abandoned when the House and Senate negotiate compromises.
The Senate passed a bill late Thursday containing felon voting and several other issues by a vote of 39-22.
Follow David Montgomery at twitter.com/dhmontgomery.
Every time you witness homophobic bigotry on the Internet, remember this: By and large, America is ready and willing to support gay professional athletes.
Seventy-three percent of Americans say they would fully support a professional sports team that signed a gay or lesbian athlete, according to a new survey by the Public Religion Research Institute, a nonprofit research organization. Only 19 percent of those surveyed said they would oppose such a decision.
"If team owners in the league have any doubt about if Americans are ready for a gay or lesbian player on their team, this survey should put any of those doubts to rest," Robert P. Jones, the CEO of PRRI, told The Huffington Post over the phone. "There are very few issues where you can find three-quarters of Americans in agreement."
Only one openly gay athlete has ever played a game in one of the four major American men's sports leagues: Jason Collins. The now-retired center made history in 2013 when he came out in a first-person Sports Illustrated article, and then again when he stepped onto the court as a Brooklyn Net in February 2014.
"I'm glad I'm coming out in 2013 rather than 2003," Collins wrote in Sports Illustrated. "The climate has shifted; public opinion has shifted. And yet we still have so much farther to go."
Today, support for LGBT athletes exists across every major demographic group surveyed. When PRRI broke down the survey data by race, age, political affiliation and religion, not one demographic group registered majority opposition to the idea of a gay or lesbian athlete.
Seventy-nine percent of Democrats, 75 percent of independents and 66 percent of Republicans said they would support a team that signed a gay athlete.
High levels of support also exist among all major religious groups, PRRI's survey found. That includes Catholics (78 percent support), white mainline Protestants (77 percent), minority Protestants (66 percent), white evangelical Protestants (54 percent) and the religiously unaffiliated (84 percent). PRRI did not survey enough adherents of any other religion to create a statistically significant sample size.
PRRI found LGBT athletes have support across major Christian denominations.
Jones also noted that while support for LGBT athletes has increased in the U.S. over the last 10 years, the survey found that a vast majority of Americans believe gay and lesbian athletes continue to face some discrimination in the world of professional sports. Fifty-six percent of those surveyed said gay and lesbian athletes face a lot of discrimination, and 32 percent said athletes face a little. Only 9 percent of those surveyed said they believe gay and lesbian athletes face no discrimination.
After remaining mostly silent on the topic, President Barack Obama stepped into the debate over how the Supreme Court might rule on the health care law, the signature legislation of his presidency.
In a Rose Garden press conference on April 2, 2012, the president expressed confidence that the nine justices will uphold the law and said that to do otherwise would be an example of "judicial activism" so often maligned by Republicans. He listed some benefits of the law that have already taken effect -- drug discounts for Medicare beneficiaries and millions of children gaining coverage.
"So there's -- there's not only an economic element and a legal element to this, but there's a human element to this. And I hope that's not forgotten in this political debate.
"Ultimately, I'm confident that the Supreme Court will not take what would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress," he said.
Two terms stood out to us in that statement: "strong majority" and "unprecedented."
Is Obama, a Harvard Law-educated president, correct in his characterization of how the bill passed Congress? We remembered the vote as quite narrow. And what about the historical implication of overturning it?
First, ‘strong majority'
For this part of the claim, we turned to the congressional record of votes on the health care bill from late 2009 and early 2010.
The health law took an unusual path to passage. Usually, the House and Senate pass different versions of a bill, then they work out their differences in a conference committee. A unified bill comes out of that committee, and both bodies vote again on the new bill. Then, if it passes, the president signs it.
In the case of the health care bill, the House and Senate had each passed different versions in 2009. It was expected the two bills would be integrated in conference committee, then voted on again. But before that could happen, the Democrats lost their 60-seat, filibuster-proof majority in the Senate. (Republican Scott Brown in January 2010 won the seat formerly held by the late Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass.) Anything that came out of conference committee at that point could have been held up in the Senate, blocked by 40 Republican senators.
Democrats decided to get around this by having the House simply accept the Senate's version of the bill. Then Democrats in the House and Senate used a different measure -- a reconciliation bill, which requires only a simple majority -- to modify the law they had just passed.
The vote to pass the Senate version of the bill had been 60-39.
The bill passed the House 219-212 on March 21,2010.
Numerically speaking, neither vote reflects a very large margin of victory. In the Senate, 60 votes was actually the exact minimum needed to prevent a filibuster -- not a vote more. And in both chambers, not a single Republican voted for for the bill.
The notion of ‘unprecedented'
This one, we'll acknowledge, puzzled us.
The Supreme Court routinely reviews laws passed by Congress and either upholds or overturns them. For Obama to suggest that such an action would be unique in American history is something of a head-scratcher.
We could name numerous examples of the Supreme Court tossing laws passed by a "democratically elected Congress," starting with Marbury vs. Madison, in 1803.
For a more recent example, Senate historian Don Ritchie cited the 1990 Gun-Free School Zones Act, which made it a federal offense to knowingly possess a firearm in a school zone. But in the United States vs. Lopez, the court said the federal government could not use the commerce clause to restrict guns.
"Lots of laws have been overturned," Ritchie said. "That's what the Supreme Court does."
Eugene Volokh, a law professor at University of California at Los Angeles and blogger who considers himself center-right or libertarian-conservative, even cited a case that was passed by a large majority in Congress and then tossed out by the court.
The Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 passed unanimously in the House and by a 97-3 vote in the Senate. The law protected religious individuals and organizations from government interference with the practice of their faith. But the court, in the 1997 case City of Boerne vs. Flores held that the statute was unconstitutional because it exceeded federal power.
Volokh said the Boerne case is noteworthy in the health care debate because it was also a federalism case, meaning it was being challenged under the 10th Amendment that says powers not specifically granted to the federal government by the Constitution are reserved to the states.
Another interesting point: Ruth Bader Ginsberg and John Paul Stevens, two of the court's liberal justices, joined the majority opinion.
"Were they stopped by the fact that this was a federal statute enacted by a nearly unanimous vote of the Congress? Absolutely not," Volokh said.
What's more, he said, the Supreme Court is not supposed to consider a law's popularity.
"It's not its job to do that," Volokh said. "You could imagine justices being influenced because justices are human. But according to the Constitution, a law is a law. … and a law that unconstitutional is unconstitutional.
"They're not supposed to look at these things, and there's considerable evidence that they often don't."
What else might Obama have meant when he said overturning the health care law would be unprecedented?
He was asked for just such clarification a day after the press conference at a luncheon with members of the Associated Press.
Obama's response: "We have not seen a court overturn a law that was passed by Congress on an economic issue, like health care ... at least since Lochner. Right? So we're going back to the '30s, pre-New Deal."
He further explained that, because the court has extraordinary power as the final say on laws, it "has traditionally exercised significant restraint and deference to our duly elected Legislature, our Congress. And so the burden is on those who would overturn a law like this."
The president seemed to be framing the health care case in historical terms. He said that no law on an economic issue such as health care has been overturned in decades, and he cited Lochner vs. New York, a controversial 1905 decision striking down a New York labor law because it interfered with employer/employee contract rights. The case marked the beginning of what came to known as the Lochner era of the court, when justices overturned several laws through the 1930s on the grounds that they were an overreach by government into business.
Obama further added that overturning such a far-reaching law as the health care bill would be atypical use of the court's power.
So, when given the chance to explain, Obama wasn't saying it would be unprecedented simply for the Supreme Court to overturn a federal law.
But "this is not any law," said Norman Ornstein, a scholar with the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
"At least since the early part of the New Deal, when you had a Supreme Court that blocked at least a few initiatives of the new Roosevelt administration, we haven't had a major social policy overturned," he said. "And I don't think any of them were as sweeping or significant in their effect on the country as this one (the health care law). They didn't overturn Social Security; they didn't overturn the (Works Progress Administration)."
He continued: "If you're looking at things that have had a big effect on people's lives, you'd say Social Security and Medicare are the two biggest ones in the last 80 years. And I think you could make the case that while this (the health law) doesn't affect everybody in the same way -- most people already have health insurance -- but everybody's lives would be changed by this law because of the way that insurance would be provided and other changes in the law that affect how you deliver health care. And we're talking about something that impinges on 17 percent of the economy, and that's big stuff."
Ornstein said that since the 1930s, there has been "a wide acceptance of the role of government in the economy and affecting the social fabric of the country."
"A decision that would not only affect the health care law but would also raise questions about other mandates... this could challenge the entire New Deal and post-New Deal structure of America. You'd have to say that's unprecedented."
Our ruling
That was a lot of Supreme Court history. First, let's review Obama's statement: "Ultimately, I am confident that the Supreme Court will not take what would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress."
There's simply no support for the assertion that the law was passed by a "strong majority." It was passed along party lines in a sharply partisan climate, and the 60 votes in the Senate were the minimum needed to keep Republicans from bottling it up in a filibuster.
But the "unprecedented" idea is more nuanced. It's without question that the Supreme Court overturning a law passed by Congress -- by any margin -- is a common and routine occurrence, and by no means without precedent. Volokh gave us a close analogy with the case of Boerne vs. Flores, a religious freedom law that glided through Congress but was held unconstitutional by a majority of the court, including two of its liberal justices.
However, Obama's elaboration a day later at least gives us more to think about. He argued that invalidation of the health care law would represent a court action unseen since the Great Depression on an issue that affects every American. Ornstein echoed that interpretation, saying that a ruling by the court which overturns a major social policy and challenges prior court rulings would be unprecedented.
But we're taking Obama literally, and that historical perspective was not reflected in his original statement, which is what we're ruling on. He simply said the law passed with a strong majority and overturning it would be unprecedented. Wrong and wrong. We rate the statement False.
It's been a good long while since we last hung out with our friends on Community, but it's nice to know that once the Greendale gang is back in action, very little will have changed. Need proof? Check out the following first looks from the NBC comedy's Season 4 premiere (airing Thursday, Feb 7 at 8/7c), one of which finds our beloved Britta still attempting to “therapize” Abed.
RELATED | Community Sneak Peek: Dean Pelton Channels His Inner Katniss in a Hunger Games Spoof
The second sneak peek features a Senioritis-suffering Annie looking to raise some hell on campus before graduating — and goody-goody Shirley wants in! Their target: Dean Pelton and his car.
Press PLAY below to watch the funny unfold, then hit the comments with your snappy judgements on the latest Community installment.
No Happy New Year in China as Currency, Liquidity Fears Loom
Currency conversion quota resets Jan. 1, stoking outflow fears
Cash demand seen rising before Lunar New Year at end-January
Hao Hong: China Property Market Will Deflate
China bulls could be facing a grim New Year's eve.
The first day of 2017 is when an annual $50,000 quota to convert the yuan into foreign exchange resets, stoking concern there will be a rush to sell the local currency. With tax payments and a regulatory assessment also tightening liquidity in the money market toward year-end, January may bring scant relief as lenders prepare for stronger cash demand before Lunar New Year holidays, which are only a month away.
China's markets are seeing renewed pressure this month as the Federal Reserve projects a faster pace of rate increases for 2017 and its Chinese counterpart tightens monetary conditions to spur deleveraging and defend the exchange rate. The declines are capping off a tough year for investors during which bonds, shares and currency all slumped.
“You have Chinese New Year quite early, and because of that one-month window, most of the banks will try to lock the money in a three-month cycle,” said Arthur Lau, Hong Kong-based head of Asia ex-Japan fixed income at PineBridge Investments. “The current situation in the bond market is partly because of year-end and because of Chinese New Year.”
China's 10-year government bond yield has surged 21 basis points in December, poised for its biggest monthly increase since August 2013, and its first annual gain since that same year, Chinabond data show. The yuan's 6.6 percent decline in 2016 puts it on course for its worst year since 1994, while the Shanghai Composite Index is headed for its largest drop in five years.
The three-month interbank rate known as Shibor rose for a 50th day, its longest streak since 2010, to an 18-month high on Wednesday. The overnight repurchase rate on the Shanghai Stock Exchange jumped to as high as 33 percent the day before, the highest since Sept. 29. As banks become more reluctant to offer cash to other types of institutions, the latter have to turn to the exchange for money, said Xu Hanfei, an analyst at Guotai Junan Securities Co. in Shanghai.
Bond and money markets may stabilize after Lunar New Year holidays -- which start Jan. 27 and end Feb. 2 -- though they're unlikely to return to levels before the latest rout owing to yuan weakness and tighter monetary policy, said Lau. The People Bank of China's yuan position -- a gauge of capital flows -- dropped the most in 10 months in November amid expectations for faster U.S. rate increases. The onshore yuan's surging trading volume suggests outflows are quickening, according to Harrison Hu, chief greater China economist at Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc. The daily average value of transactions in Shanghai climbed to $34 billion in December as of Wednesday, the highest since at least April 2014, according to data from China Foreign Exchange Trade System. The offshore exchange rate dropped 0.15 percent on Wednesday to trade near a record low, while the onshore rate was little changed.
“In the new year, the new foreign-exchange purchase quota starts, so we expect yuan positions in January to drop significantly," Liu Dongliang, an analyst at China Merchants Bank Co., wrote in a note this month. "Within the foreseeable future, the market will be pessimistic about funding conditions. It happens to be near year-end now, where money markets are tight, and after New Year's Day it's almost Chinese New Year.”
ADVICE FROM GlobalNews:
DON'T BUY YUAN DON'T BUY CHINESE STOCKS DON'T BUY CHINESE PROPERTY
⏬YOU MUST FOLLOW US AGAIN, THIS IS GLOBAL NEWS #3⏬
older articles available at www.globalnews.asia
For the city in Fallout: New Vegas, see Boulder City.
Van Buren and has not been confirmed by The following is based onand has not been confirmed by canon sources.
Boulder, referred to as Stone City or Dome City, is one of the most prominent pre-War research centers, and is still a scientific haven in 2253.
Contents show]
Background Edit
Before the Great War Edit
Boulder was, long ago, a place where advanced scientific research took place. The University of Colorado, IBM, and Ball Aerospace were located here. Supported by money from Denver's industry and an active military presence, Boulder scientists made advances in medicine (bio med gel was invented here), alternate energy sources, robotics, and even developed a power armor prototype. Unfortunately, leakage from the Rocky Mountain Arsenal (a nearby toxic waste dump/weapons storage location) caused a poisonous cloud that killed a lot of people in Denver. As an apology, the military funded a program to create a self-sustaining research dome, capable of withstanding a nuclear attack. This "city of the future" was to be a prototype for settlements on the moon and other planets.
Then the war with China began. The USA annexed Canada. Boulder became a hotbed of political activity, as most of the scientists were naturally suspect of the military, and they, their families, and friends staged public protests about the situation, which got much of the city population up in arms. Some of the protests turned into riots, and the riot police were called in to suppress the riots. That squelched it but left everyone at a low simmer. When reports of plague outbreaks in Denver surfaced, many in Boulder feared that an exodus from that city would come here and infect them; they fled north. When the bombs fell, Cheyenne Mountain (a military facility, home of NORAD) was a primary target. A huge section of the mountains became a great radioactive smoking crater. Coupled with attacks on Denver and the Rocky Mountain Arsenal, Boulder became the center of a triangle of hellish death.
After the Great War Edit
All along the front range of the Rocky Mountains, city after city was cratered from the nuclear weapons; it seems China really wanted Colorado out of the picture. Boulder was no exception, the surface city turned into an ashen wasteland. Only a few buildings were left standing in town. Yet, atop its little hill, the massive Boulder Dome still stands strong.
Outside, Jackals roam around the city, preying on animals and humans alike. Glowing ghouls also inhabit the area, having come from Denver in search of supplies. Inside, with post-war dangers lurking everywhere, the scientists use the Dome as their sanctuary, quarantined until they find a cure for the plague. It's not like they have a choice to abandon the Dome anyway; after all, ZAX is in dire need of new memory storage, and he is the only reason the Dome stays functional.
The scientists Edit
Section needed Nukapedia by This section is needed but has not been written yet. You can helpby writing it
Appearances Edit
Boulder was going to appear in Van Buren, the canceled Fallout 3 by Black Isle Studios.
Essex County College professor, Lisa Durden, was suspended shortly after appearing on Fox News' “Tucker Carlson Tonight” where she defended the decision of Black Lives Matter to exclude white people from attending their Memorial Day barbecue.
In an extremely one-sided editorial, NJ.com‘s Barry Carter runs to Durden's defense, insisting the college's decision to suspend Durden was based on race and her opinions are free speech. Carter quotes Durden's attorney suggesting that Durden is just simply “too outspoken.” Durden claimed her suspension was done to “humiliate her” in front of her students and called it a “public lynching.” Carter also quotes one of Durden's colleagues lamenting a lack of “free speech,” and finding it shocking that an “African-American woman” could be so “disrespected.”
Remarkably, nothing in Carter's piece was devoted to Durden's controversial and racist viewpoints or her behavior. Durden opens her commentary in response to Carlson's inquiry about the non-inclusive aspect of the barbecue by proclaiming, in a mockingly whiny tone, “boo hoo hoo! you white people are mad,” unable to use the “white privilege card” to attend a black only barbecue. Durden expressly pins the blame on whites for Black Lives Matter's decision to exclude them, which is a textbook example of racial discrimination.
In an interview where producers had to cut off the unruly Durden's microphone at one point, she repeatedly refers to whites and Carlson as “you,” and unabashedly proclaims that white people can “stay your asses out.” Her anti-white diatribe came after she compared excluding whites from a barbecue to keeping “bad-ass kids” out of a wedding. Profane language aside, her comparison is absurd because a child belongs to an age group not a distinctive racial group.
Carter quotes a student of Durden's opining on her suspension saying “this is a college” and that “critical thinking” is the right to have different opinions. It's still unclear why she was suspended, but an honest editorial should at least mention her bizarre behavior, or racial claims.
Irrespective of addressing Durden's on air behavior, her “opinions” were less about critical thinking as they were about toxic groupthink in academia. In the rest of America, prejudgments based on one's racial makeup as opposed to their character is still unacceptable.
Follow Will Ricciardella on Twitter and Facebook
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Well, that settles things.
During the final Republican presidential primary debate before Super Tuesday, CNN anchors questioned each of the remaining five candidates on how he would deal with the recent legal conflict between Apple and the FBI over the iPhone of one of the deceased San Bernardino shooters. The FBI has requested that Apple create a new mobile operating system that would allow it to unlock the device, but Apple argues that this would set a “dangerous precedent” that could potentially undermine the security of all its customers' devices. The unresolved dispute will be addressed at a federal hearing on March 22.
Related: Where do the presidential candidates stand on encryption?
At previous town halls, both Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz offered lukewarm solutions, taking great pains to avoid picking a definite side on the issue of encryption for fear that they might alienate certain voters. But tonight, each candidate made it clear that he would favor national security over potentially compromising privacy for other iPhone users.
Rubio, who previously called the case “a very complicated issue,” took a clear stance, blaming his earlier reticence on what he characterized as a misleading media campaign by Apple.
“Apple initially came out saying we're being ordered to create a backdoor to an encryption device,” Rubio said. “That is not accurate.”
Debate co-moderator Dana Bash followed up by asking, “If you are president, would you instruct your Justice Department to force Apple to comply or not?”
“To comply with an order that says that they have to allow the FBI the opportunity to try to guess the password? Absolutely,” Marco replied. “Apple doesn't want to do it because they think it hurts their brand. Well, let me tell you, their brand is not superior to the national security of the United States of America.”
Cruz reiterated his answer from CNN's town hall, this time backing it up with some of his legal knowledge, and doubling down on his belief that this particular case would not compromise encryption as a whole.
“Under the Fourth Amendment, a search and seizure is reasonable if it has judicial authorization and probable cause,” he said. “In this instance, the order is not to put a backdoor in everyone's cellphone. I would agree with Apple on that broad policy question. But on the question of unlocking this cellphone of a terrorist, we should enforce the court order and find out everyone that terrorist at San Bernardino talked to on the phone, texted with, emailed.”
John Kasich, who has argued previously that discussing encryption in public is bad for national security, and that policies involving the issue should be worked out behind closed doors, took this question as an opportunity to attack President Obama.
Slideshow: iPhone security protests
“You know what the problem is?” he asked. “Where's the president been? You sit down in a back room, and you sit down with the parties, and you get this worked out. You don't litigate this on the front page of the New York Times, where everyone in the world is reading about their dirty laundry out here. The president of the United States should've convened a meeting with Apple, our security forces. You know what you do when you're the president? You lock the door, and you say you're not coming out until you reach an agreement that both gives the security people what they need and protects the rights of Americans.”
And though Ben Carson has already sided with the FBI with this matter, he had prepared a retort to Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said in an interview with NBC on Wednesday that compromising in this case would “be bad for America.”
“I think allowing terrorists to get away with things is bad for America,” he said. “I would expect Apple to comply with that court order. If they don't comply with that, you're encouraging chaos in our system.”
There you have it. FBI: 5 presidential candidates. Apple: 0.
CAIRO (Reuters) - Prime Minister Mohamed Mursi was expected to press ahead on Saturday with talks on ways to end Egypt's worst crisis since he took office even though the country's main opposition leaders have vowed to stay away.
Cairo and other cities have been rocked by violent protests since November 22, when Mursi promulgated a decree awarding himself sweeping powers that put him above the law.
The upheaval in the most populous Arab nation, following the fall of Hosni Mubarak last year, worries the West, in particular the United States, which has given it billions of dollars in military and other aid since Egypt made peace with Israel in 1979.
Mursi's deputy raised the possibility that a referendum set for December 15 on a new constitution opposed by liberals might be delayed. But the concession only goes part-way towards meeting the demands of the opposition, who also want Mursi to scrap the decree awarding himself wide powers.
On Friday, large crowds of protesters surged around the presidential palace, breaking through barbed wire barricades and climbing on tanks guarding the seat of Egypt's first freely elected president, who took office in June.
As the night wore on, tens of thousands of opposition supporters were still at the palace, waving flags and urging Mursi to “Leave, leave”.
“AS LONG AS IT TAKES”
“We will stay here for as long as it takes and will continue to organize protests elsewhere until President Mursi cancels his constitutional decree and postpones the referendum,” said Ahmed Essam, 28, a computer engineer and a member of the liberal Dostour party.
Vice President Mahmoud Mekky issued a statement saying the president was prepared to postpone the referendum if that could be done without legal challenge.
Mursi's planned dialogue meeting was expected to go ahead on Saturday in the absence of most opposition factions. “Everything will be on the table,” a presidential source said.
Mursi could be joined by some senior judiciary figures and politicians such as Ayman Nour, one of the candidates in Mubarak's only multi-candidate presidential race, in 2005, in which he was unsurprisingly trounced.
The opposition has demanded that Mursi rescind the decree giving himself wide powers and delay the vote set for December 15 on a constitution drafted by an Islamist-led assembly which they say fails to meet the aspirations of all Egyptians.
EXPAT VOTE DELAYED
The state news agency reported that the election committee had postponed the start of voting for Egyptians abroad until Wednesday, instead of Saturday as planned. It did not say whether this would affect the timing of voting within Egypt.
A protester against Egypt's President Mohamed Mursi waves an Egyptian flag in front of Republican Guard soldiers standing behind a barbed wire barricade guarding the presidential palace in Cairo December 7, 2012. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Ahmed Said, leader of the liberal Free Egyptians Party, told Reuters that delaying expatriate voting was intended to seem like a concession but would not change the opposition's stance.
The opposition organized marches converging on the palace which Republican Guard units had rung with tanks and barbed wire on Thursday after violence between supporters and opponents of Mursi killed seven people and wounded 350.
Islamists, who had obeyed a military order for demonstrators to leave the palace environs, held funerals on Friday at Cairo's al-Azhar mosque for six Mursi partisans who were among the dead.
“With our blood and souls, we sacrifice to Islam,” they chanted.
A group led by leftist opposition leader Hamdeen Sabahy has called for an open-ended protest at the palace.
Some pro-Mursi demonstrators gathered in a mosque not far from the palace, but said they would not march towards the palace to avoid a repeat of the violence that took place on Wednesday night.
In a speech late on Thursday, Mursi had refused to retract his decree or cancel the referendum on the constitution, but offered talks on the way forward after the referendum.
The National Salvation Front, the main opposition coalition, said it would not join the dialogue. The Front's coordinator, Mohamed ElBaradei, a Nobel peace laureate, dismissed the offer as “arm-twisting and imposition of a fait accompli”.
Slideshow (13 Images)
ElBaradei said that if Mursi were to scrap the decree with which he awarded himself extra powers and postpone the referendum “he will unite the national forces”.
Murad Ali, spokesman for the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party, said opposition reactions were sad: “What exit to this crisis do they have other than dialogue?” he asked.
The very same processes, taking place for many years, will never end, unless a completely new form of the governance will be introduced, which is an inevitable process, the only question is about a final shape of it.
The world will survive all defaults, as at the very end the money is only the printers activity, without a self-sustaining value.
The reason for making all improvements so difficult is that the victims (nations), are represented by the Politicians who are causing all problems, to get elected, and elected.
Describing Greece very briefly, there was nothing normal in the country finance, from the day one of joining the EU. All rescues were also abnormal.
In the HIPC, many governments do not have a clue about the countries management, or they don't want to really introduce it. Please try to find the most simple things, like the HIPC municipalities websites, with the activity updates, management team, local citizen rights and contact.
Even many Governments do not have any websites, and they do have an internet access.
It is still overwhelming greed and politics, rather than public servants responsibility.
The main reason for this status quo is that the Politicians are not a real victim, they use their power to survive, by blaming anyone else.
The real war is taking place between the Investment Bankers, and the Politicians.
Bankers are making money, Politicians are blaming the Bankers for it, and they are printing the money, fighting all kind of deficits, often caused by themselves, to bring a short-term relieve, rather than focusing on the overall development processes.
And the problem here is always the same – who helps with the money, wants to maintain the power, and the political influence over the sovereign borrowers, without letting them out of the trap.
If they become to strong, they will start to build up their own influence zone over the others.
Staying Friends with Your Ex Might Mean You ' re a Psychopath Just delete his number already
As nice and mature as it sounds to stay friends with exes, we've never been very good at it. There's just something weird (and forced and unnecessary) about maintaining a relationship with someone you're trying to move on from.
Turns out, science is on our side.
According to a study from Oakland University, people with "dark personality types" stay friends with their exes for "practical" reasons, which is as devious as it sounds. "Practical" reasons can be anything from sex to wanting to be able to use or control you.
So, if your ex wants to stay friends with you, there's a good chance he's either a narcissist, a psychopath or both. (Shudder.)
We knew there was a reason we've been ignoring gross David's gross Facebook messages.
RELATED: Science Confirms: Women Need More Sleep Than Men
Data stolen from a bank quickly becomes useless once the breach is discovered and passcodes are changed. But data from the healthcare industry, which includes both personal identities and medical histories, can live a lifetime.
Cyberattacks will cost hospitals more than $305 billion over the next five years and one in 13 patients will have their data compromised by a hack, according to industry consultancy Accenture.
Accenture
And a study by the Brookings Institution predicts that one in four data breaches this year will hit the healthcare industry.
The recent study by Brookings showed that, since late 2009, the medical information of more than 155 million Americans has been exposed without their permission through about 1,500 breaches.
The Brookings research demonstrates that the healthcare sector is uniquely vulnerable to privacy breaches. For one thing, government regulations forced healthcare operations to adopt electronic health records (EHR) and other advances under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) even if they weren't ready to adequately invest in security.
Healthcare records also contain the most valuable information available, including Social Security numbers, home addresses and patient health histories -- making them more valuable to hackers than other types of data, according to the study by the Brookings Institution's Center for Technology Innovation. Since cybercriminals can sell data for a premium on the black market, hackers have a big incentive to focus their attacks on the healthcare industry.
With the push toward more integrated care, "medical data are now being shared with many different types of entities in which many employees have access to patient records," the study said. "Extended access to medical records increases the potential for privacy breaches."
To comply with legal requirements, healthcare organizations often store detailed medical information for many years. The probability of a breach -- and the potential severity of the consequences -- increases according to the amount of data stored and the length of time it is stored.
A focus on regulatory compliance, not security
With the industry so focused on regulatory compliance as it moves to digital record-keeping, cybersecurity has largely been a secondary thought, according to Lisa Gallagher, vice president of technical solutions at the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society (HIMSS) in Chicago.
"Enterprises with legacy systems are trying to connect to and integrate EHRs. Security is not always considered as a part of that, and patching systems is always fraught with peril. You're always a little behind with that," Gallagher said. "It's a formula for being behind."
Gallagher sees a healthcare industry facing ever more sophisticated and persistent threats from one-off hackers and nation-state attackers who stow patient data for future use.
"I don't think we were prepared," said Gallagher, who was formerly senior director of cybersecurity at HIMSS.
One of the more common attacks against healthcare providers involves the use of ransomware, where patient records or hospital networks are hacked and subsequently locked down until a ransom is paid, typically in untraceable electronic currency, such as bitcoin.
Ransomware attacks
This week, for example, a hacker claimed to have stolen databases from three U.S. healthcare organizations and one insurer and is holding 10 million patient records for ransom, demanding as much as $500,000 in bitcoins.
Cymmetria The offer to sell 9.3 million patient records on Dark Net.
In February, a Los Angeles hospital paid nearly $17,000 in bitcoins to hackers who disabled its computer networks.
Hackers don't focus solely on hospitals and insurers; they also go after affiliated vendors who service the industry.
Today, for example, Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) announced that almost 4,300 patients had their healthcare records exposed when "a trusted third-party vendor" that provides software to manage dental practice information for providers had its databases hacked.
CenturyLink, a worldwide communications company headquartered in Monroe, La., is currently tracking 150 variants of ransomware, the most common being large-scale email campaigns. Some reports indicate that they are more than 300 million malware strains.
"I really think in terms of ransomware, the stories of about hospitals paying the ransom are spreading among attackers, letting them know that they're a successful place to attack," said Cory Kennedy, lead information security engineer at CenturyLink.
Defending against ransomware can be relatively simple: healthcare providers, insurers or affiliated vendors need only keep current backups offline, Kennedy said. When an attack does occur, the backups can be used to restore the data.
Healthcare organizations have also been slow to educate employees about the dangers of cyberattacks, and to manage who in an organization has access to critical systems that store sensitive data.
However, while healthcare entities can become more proactive about security, cyberattacks will only grow more sophisticated. For example, hackers recently deployed a phishing attack against Amazon Prime users that was disguised as shipping confirmation emails.
Another new development came when hackers were able to disguise ransomware links in a way that makes the links look legitimate when a victim hovers a mouse pointer over them, Kennedy said.
"I think attackers will continue to do what they do, looking for holes," Kennedy said.
Not a matter of if, but when
The Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology has determined that ransomware will wreak havoc this year. Cybersecurity experts agree that it's not a matter of if or when your data will be hacked, but whether you'll know your data was hacked.
Instead of focusing only on hardening perimeter defenses such as firewalls and using rules to block outside PDFs or other documents, Kennedy and other experts believe detection and data encryption are the best cybersecurity techniques.
"Assume data will be taken, but make it useless," said Kevah Safavi, senior managing director for Accenture's global healthcare business.
Accenture
The greatest threat to the healthcare industry today, Safavi said, is not from one-off hackers seeking quick paydays, but from foreign governments that can store intimate personal health data for future use against individuals.
For example, hackers last year stole the records of about 80 million customers of Anthem Inc., the second largest U.S. health insurer.
"The presumption was that they were state actors," Safavi said. "The purpose of the state actor was to harvest the database in order to create a dossier of individuals that they could use for social engineering for future attacks."
Foreign governments could use healthcare information to target government employees with emails containing notices related to medical conditions they may have. When a targeted individual opens one of those emails, malware infects his or her desktop computer.
"There's nothing in a bank's data that will give [hackers] the answer to that question, but it is in your health records and [insurance] claims data," Safavi said. "They're trying to build a big database of Americans for some future purpose."
Is the cloud safer?
Healthcare organizations, Safavi said, can better protect data by first recognizing that they're not in the cybersecurity business. For example, a cloud storage provider is better qualified to handle security, he said.
"There's a discussion going on right now about whether or not the public cloud is more or less secure than private. The traditional thinking was... 'If I have control over data in my own private data center that'd be more secure.' The thinking is beginning to pivot," Safavi said.
Accenture
"The argument is no individual company will ever have the level of security and keep up with the arms race the way Amazon or Microsoft can, for example," he added.
Never was that shift in thinking more evident than two years ago, when the CIA awarded Amazon Web Services a $600 million contract to develop a cloud service for the 17 agencies that make up the intelligence community.
"There's an evolving thinking among CIOs that one of the benefits of going to a public cloud is you avail yourself of state-of-the-art security that you could probably never replicate with your own IT organization," Safavi said.
Safavi said the healthcare industry is also looking at fighting fire with fire, so to speak, by using blockchain technology -- just as bitcoin does -- as a distributed, peer-to-peer database in which to store sensitive information.
"The nature of blockchain... requires both public and private encryption keys [that make it] virtually impossible for someone to get a nugget of data," Safavi said. "That's the reason why it's used for cryptocurrency."
With more than 175.5 million records lost in healthcare breaches and new threats emerging every day, the industry should act quickly to safeguard data that can't be resecured once it's stolen, Gallagher said.
Sharing is caring
One problem is that organizations may have no idea that data has even been compromised. That points to the need for intrusion-detection systems (IDS) and security information and event management (SIEM) software, which can monitor networks for malicious activity and alert administrators when something is detected.
Additionally, the healthcare industry needs access to better resources on threat data from local and federal law enforcement agencies, Gallagher said.
"If I was asked by a healthcare CIO where to go for cyberthreat data, I've got to give them a list of at least five or six sources, maybe more -- whether it's the FBI or homeland security... or some private companies," Gallagher said. "There are lots of different sources for the data, and sometimes it's in different formats."
There have been several efforts by Congress to enact a law that would foster sharing of security information. The latest was the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA), which was finally incorporated into an Omnibus spending bill and signed into law last December. CISA paves the way for sharing data on cyberthreats among seven government entities and local police.
However, Rod Piechowski, senior director of health information systems at HIMSS, noted that the problem of data security goes beyond what the government or sophisticated software can do, and he said healthcare organizations must focus on educating members of their medical and administrative staffs.
All it takes is one person opening up an email attachment for hackers to gain access to hospital systems. Educating employees on how to detect and report suspicious emails is crucial, said Piechowski.
"I would reiterate that security is everybody's business. It's not just up to the IT department," Piechowski said. "If you work with electronic devices, it's your responsibility too."
This story, "Hackers are coming for your healthcare records -- here's why" was originally published by Computerworld .
| Rob Kruyt photo
Growing up in Brooklyn in the late 1970s and early '80s, Tom Davidoff experienced all the things one might associate with the city at that time. The crime rate was high, and Davidoff's family was held up at gunpoint shortly after moving to the area. He also got bottles thrown at him while walking to school through an Italian neighbourhood (Davidoff's family is Jewish) and experienced first-hand the deep racial tensions that carved the city into ethnically regimented boroughs.
But in a family where both his parents were urban planners and heavily involved in politics – Davidoff's mother worked for Elizabeth Holtzman's 1980 U.S. Senate campaign – it was New York's budding economic clout that caught his attention more than anything else.
“Wall Street was taking off and so was Donald Trump, and Ed Koch was in the news,” said Davidoff, who is now director of the Centre for Urban Economics and Real Estate at the University of British Columbia's (UBC) Sauder School of Business. With the headlines of the day dominated by the flashy real estate tycoon and the enigmatic mayor, who led a public-housing renewal drive, New York was a hothouse climate of influences.
“To put things into perspective, all the urban politics, the conflict, it was very there at that time,” he said.
Davidoff went to Hunter College, a public secondary school for the intellectually gifted, located in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. He graduated in 1989 and entered Harvard University the same year. He said he initially thought about going into politics as his parents were very active in the scene – but he also wanted to be Howard Stern.
The notorious radio personality had just started working for WXRK in New York and was starting to garner national attention for his hilariously filthy on-air antics.
“I can remember running home after school to lie down to listen to Howard Stern,” he said. “I loved him, and he was very influential, and hysterical.”
Davidoff graduated from Harvard in 1993 with a bachelor's degree in social sciences, still uncertain about his career path. He did, however, take a job as a project manager for Forest City Ratner, a real estate development company based in Brooklyn. One of the main projects he worked on was trying to coax big-box retailers to set up shop in some of New York's outer city boroughs, which were still dealing with a host of social issues.
Davidoff said there were blatantly racist tenant representatives in the neighbourhoods being considered for redevelopment who strongly resisted the arrival of new businesses and owners not identified with the same ethnic group.
“It was an incredibly interesting thing to work on,” he said. Davidoff worked with Bruce Ratner, the famous real estate developer who now has a minority stake in the Brooklyn Nets. “It was a fantastic team and I was beyond lucky to have the opportunity.”
Davidoff also got a first-hand lesson on life in the fast lane of real estate development and everything it encompasses.
“Before that, I thought politics was all about ‘Let's think of ways we can be nice to each other,'” he said. “And it's not. Fundraising was an issue with the politics of real estate development.”
After three years of working for Forest City Ratner, Davidoff still had the idea of becoming a politician. With that in mind, he headed back to school, enrolling in Princeton University's master of arts program in 1996 to take urban and regional planning at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs. It was here that Davidoff saw the crossover of economics and math. It was a defining moment in his academic life.
“Economics without math is at risk of not being taught very well,” he said. “[In] the intellectual part of the field, it helps to think about a lot of the problems mathematically. When they're training undergraduates sometimes they try to protect people from doing too much math.”
Davidoff noted one professor in particular as an influence – Robert D. Willig, who still teaches economics and public affairs at the school, and he remembers working on papers that he found interesting and applicable to the real world.
“I remember writing a paper about how there weren't enough movie theatres in New York,” he said. “I was able to think through a mathematical model that was appropriate.”
He said the exposure to mathematical economics was transformative and still shapes his thinking to this day.
“You know how some people are exposed to Marxism as an undergrad and it's like, ‘Oh my God,' and it's a bolt of lightning? Mathematical economics for me in grad school was like that.”
After graduating from Princeton in 1998, Davidoff headed straight to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) to get his PhD in urban studies and planning. Here, too, data – not politics – drove his studies.
“It was about doing good economic analysis, not heavy-handed ideology.”
After graduating from MIT, Davidoff took a leap all the way to the West Coast, accepting a teaching position at the University of California, Berkeley's Haas School of Business as an assistant professor in 2002. Davidoff said leaving the East Coast was an eye-opener, both academically and geographically. When the economic downturn began in 2008, he suddenly found a heightened sense of interest in both economics and the housing market.
Davidoff, however, didn't receive tenure at Berkeley, and he was soon on the job hunt. He said he first thought about staying in the San Francisco area, as his family – he has a wife and two kids – were settled there.
He said there is a very regimented job market in economics, in which you send out an example of your best academic work, called a job market paper, to different universities along with letters of recommendation, and then go through a long feeling-out process with multiple meetings both on and off campus. Davidoff said UBC had an excellent reputation for housing and economic studies, and he'd met a few of the professors before, including Tsur Somerville, a senior fellow in UBC's Centre for Urban Economics and Real Estate.
Davidoff said part of the reason he picked Vancouver was the calibre of the academics in the field here, many of whom he now counts as friends and has lunch with on an almost daily basis. Somerville said Davidoff's intellect is unparalleled, even at one of Canada's top universities.
“He's thinking so much faster than everybody else, so we're usually just struggling to keep up,” Somerville said, adding that Davidoff's ability to break down complex economics issues carefully and communicate the ideas clearly is a benefit for students and the general public, given his regular appearances in the media commenting on Vancouver's whirlwind housing industry.
“He's really good at saying, ‘Here's an issue – what does it actually mean in dollars and cents?'”
Now settled into the Vancouver lifestyle – Davidoff received his Canadian citizenship on the day Donald Trump was elected president – he has moved from North Vancouver to Kitsilano, which he enjoys much better. He noted his realtor had to fire him when he was looking for a place with his family, as he tends to overthink things. Davidoff added he hasn't written off taking a flutter at his first love, politics.
“I gave it some thought this past year,” he said when asked if he's ever considered running for elected office. “But I have a pretty good gig right now. I get to bike to work and if I'm not there right at 9 in the morning nobody cares.”
news@biv.com
At an event in New Hampshire on Friday, presidential hopeful Jeb Bush did something exceedingly rare for a Republican to do these days: openly acknowledge carbon pollution.
"The climate is changing, and I'm concerned about that," Bush said. With those words, he may be distancing himself from his fellow GOP presidential hopefuls, who sound like loons on the problem. Bush offered a caveat, though, saying he is more worried "about the hollowing out of our country, the hollowing out of our industrial core, the hollowing out of our ability to compete in an increasingly competitive world."
The comments are only significant as far as it hints that Bush may be forming a more moderate position on climate change. Bush has straddled a vague position on climate change, at times openly questioning the science and at others recognizing the issue. In 2011, he described himself as a skeptic, saying "it is not unanimous among scientists that it is disproportionately man-made.”
Bush ended up endorsing perhaps the most politically safe plan for climate action he could find: The natural gas boom, which has lowered the nation's dependence on coal, but the methane it is made up of is its own risk to climate change. "We need to restore our competitive posture, which I think our energy revolution will allow us to do," he said, "and then simultaneously […] be cognizant of the fact that we have this climate change issue and we need to work with the rest of the world to negotiate a way to reduce carbon emissions."
Introverts are making a lot of progress at work. Companies have begun recognizing the advantages introverts bring to the table and introverts are starting to recognize they no longer needed to pretend to be extroverts in order to excel.
While there are certainly many reasons to celebrate introversion, a new book by writer Emily White called Count Me In: How I Stepped Off The Sidelines, Created Connection And Built A Fuller, Richer, More Lived-in Life warns introverts about shying away from social life altogether. Although extroverts are known to have large social communities, White says even introverts need a community.
“[A community] enriches our lives to the same extent that it enriches the lives of an extrovert,” says White, speaking as a fellow introvert. “Extroverts may have an edge on us there, but introversion doesn't mean you don't need a community.” White says the difference between the two groups is that introverts need to do more to find their community.
We all have a need to belong. The need to belong to either private relationships––which is what introverts tend to have––or to larger public groups is the same for both introverts and extroverts. “It's like saying introverts don't need to eat,” says White. “We all need that sense of being part of something, but for introverts, we find it in a slightly different way.”
We all need that sense of being part of something, but for introverts, we find it in a slightly different way
Extroverts have an easier time tapping into a wider social community because they enjoy reaching out for new experiences and introducing themselves to new people. Introverts, on the other hand, tend to loathe this type of outward networking and often struggle to find social networks.
For an introvert, their community may only consist of a small group of friends and family. But, White argues, introverts need to move beyond this small private circle and into the community. While introverts may rather eat a mouthful of hot peppers than be forced to join community events, White says introverts often avoid community activities because they fear they won't fit in. “Broader community ties can offer us socialization or ways of being with people that are actually in sync with out personalities if you find the right group,” she says.
Introverts aren't anti-social, we're anti-constant conversation.
A community garden, for example, can provide an introvert with the opportunity to become part of a community without having to change their personality. “Introverts aren't antisocial,” says White. “We're anti-constant conversation.” “What community groups offer is a chance to be with other people and a chance to learn new things and have fun in ways that aren't socially demanding.”
A video was posted to V.Youku.com featuring a walkthrough of most of the attractions in Shanghai Disneyland. At approximately the 10 minute mark, the video features a full video of Soaring Over the Horizon. The new Soarin' Around the World film is expected to be identical with the exception of the final scene. The clips shown in the video are as follows:
Polar Bears and a breaching whale in front of glacier (believed to be Greenland)
Sydney Harbor
Neuschwanstein castle in Germany/Bavarian Alps
castle in Germany/Bavarian Alps Plains of Africa chasing elephants with Mt. Kilimanjaro as a backdrop (scent of Grass)
The Great Wall of China
The pyramids of Egypt
The Taj Mahal (scent of Rose)
(scent of Rose) The Grand Canyon/Monument Valley
Fiji (scent of Ocean)
Iguazu Falls, Brazil
Falls, Brazil Eiffel Tower, France
Shanghai (This is expected to be replaced with a fly over of Epcot /Walt Disney World)
The music has ties to the original score from Soarin' but is a new composition for the attraction.
Soarin' Around the World debuts June 17th at Epcot.
WESTBROOK, Maine - Police in a Maine town are warning the public that a large snake spotted earlier this summer may still be around after a large snakeskin was found near a boat launch.
CBS Portland affiliate WGME reports a citizen contacted the police after finding the snakeskin Saturday in Riverbank Park along the Presumpscot River.
In a Facebook post, Westbrook police say: “Until the type of snake is determined and we can assess the safety risk, we caution people who recreate along the Presumpscot River to remain alert, maintain a safe distance from any wildlife, and report any sightings of the snake to the Westbrook Police Department.”
In late June, WGME reports police saw a 10-foot-long snake eat a mammal, likely a beaver, and then swim across the Presumpscot River and disappear into brush. Residents were alarmed because children swim and feed ducks in that area.
The snake was quickly dubbed Wessie and the Presumpscot Python by residents on social media. Authorities speculated it was a pet that had escaped or was released. Wessie's local popularity even spawned a mock Twitter account.
The latest is I shed a few pounds and have my sights set on a certain beaver for lunch today. https://t.co/RiXZBzURFp — Wessie P. Thon (@WessieThon) August 22, 2016
The snakeskin will be tested to determine what type of snake shed it and if the snake is a threat to the public.
Chelsi Cheatom, Trac-B Exchange program manager, demonstrating the machines. Image: Trac-B
Since the first modern vending machines began dishing out gum and postcards in the late 19th Century, coin-operated dispensers have supplied cupcakes, beetles, cigarettes, and even hypodermic needles.
Last week, Las Vegas became the first city in the United States to allow this kind of syringe dispensing machine, in an effort to reduce the spread of HIV and hepatitis C among heroin users and other injection drug users (IDUs). In the United States, 16 percent of IDUs have HIV, while a global study found 60-80 percent of drug injectors had hep C antibodies, indicating past or present infection—and that number is rising.
The syringe vending machine program is a collaboration between Trac-B Exchange, a harm reduction center, the Southern Nevada Health District, and Nevada Access to Research, Education, Social Support & Health Care Assistance.
Syringe vending machines have existed in Berlin since 1988 and have been in France, Australia and Puerto Rico for years. Thanks to Congress lifting a ban on funding syringe exchanges in January 2016Trac-B Exchange was finally able to bring this trend to the US. Already, other needle exchange programs across the nation are calling Trac-B to ask how they can get their own.
"That's kind of how we see ourselves growing, helping other agencies in other areas get these machines," Chelsi Cheatom, program manager for Trac-B, told Motherboard. "We definitely want to see more of these machines all over Southern Nevada, eventually in different community-based organizations: health departments, or other public service agencies, inside emergency rooms or hospitals."
Las Vegas will get three machines to start, debuting at various outreach centers in May. Each package contains alcohol wipes, a sharps disposal container, condoms, and, of course, clean needles. The syringes are free, but users must first register a swipe card by providing a birthdate and the first two letters of their first and last name—keeping things slightly anonymous. Each machine also has a kiosk for disposing dirty gear.
Dr. Joe Iser, Southern Nevada Health District Chief Health Officer, talks about the vending program. Photo: Trac-B
Cheatom also hopes to soon offer vending machines for naloxone, an opioid overdose reversal drug, and is currently working with a pharmacy to figure out if such a machine would violate any Nevada laws. (For now, Trac-B offers naloxone at its office.)
It may seem counter-intuitive—wouldn't giving someone clean supplies encourage someone to mainline? But comprehensive studies from the Centers for Disease Control, the World Health Organization and numerous others have concluded, time and time again, that clean syringe access effectively reduces the spread of HIV and other blood-borne diseases. And, according to the American Medical Association, there is no strong evidence that such programs encourage drug use.
According to most harm reduction guidelines, if you're going to inject drugs, you should use a clean needle each and every time. This prevents abscesses, infections and damage to veins. You shouldn't ever share syringes with anyone, even your spouse or someone you know.
"There are a lot of people that don't understand the program or don't really see how it is a benefit to the community,' Cheatom said. "Any kind of communicable disease is a community problem. It's not just a problem within the person who's injecting…Wherever you are increasing any sort of disease in any community, you run the risk of it becoming a problem for everyone and becoming an outbreak. We want to reduce that risk."
It's only since 2013 that Nevada's attitude toward syringe exchanges has taken a tolerant turn. The vending machines mark the first time the Southern Nevada Health District has worked directly with a syringe access program. Trac-B, which sees around 150 people per month, is only the second storefront needle exchange in the state—the first being Change Point in Reno—and it only opened in January 2017.
"Nevada's a big state and there are a lot of smaller counties and smaller towns that may need their own program," Cheatom explained. In her view, a vending machine might be an ideal fix. "With these machines…it kind of takes away any chance of there being any bias in any organization against people that are injecting or a learning curve about what kind of supplies people need."
Most of us have had at least one experience of running into someone who doesn't think New Mexico is a state—hence the regular stream of always head-shaking, sometimes knee-slapping stories that have populated this feature for the past 45 years.
Jan Mellor experiences an unending firehose blast of “One of Our 50 Is Missing” incidents every time she helms the New Mexico Tourism Department's booth at the Oklahoma and Texas state fairs. Yes, Texas and Oklahoma, our next-door neighbors. The ones we share our eastern border with.
A slim blonde with a northern England accent and mirthful eyes, Mellor has heard it all, including lots of “We love New Mexico!” shout-outs from groups of people walking by, and folks who stop to point to the tiny town (pop. 27) where they were born.
“I so appreciate the customers who want to make sure we know everything about our state that they know,” Mellor says. “This leads to some very interesting stories. They have ancestors who made it across the country in a covered wagon, or who built a saloon in what is now a ghost town. Others have relatives who knew Billy the Kid, or who claim their forebears came down in a UFO and settled near Roswell.”
The booth vibrantly represents our state's key attractions with large, colorful images of our landscapes, including a ski scene.
“New Mexico must have trucked in a lot of snow to take that picture,” observed one teenager. Another one said, “I wonder if the instructors speak English.”
The booth's complete lack of anything resembling an ocean didn't stop another Texan from requesting, “I'd like you to set up a cruise for me.”
“Sorry, sir, but this is New Mexico, not Mexico,” Mellor patiently explained. “We are landlocked.”
“Oh, you mean you're not giving away free cruises?”
Not everyone can be convinced. Sometimes Mellor just nods and smiles and lets them go, because there's a thirty-something, sophisticated-looking person right behind them who is sure to be stopping by to ask about a Ghost Ranch retreat or a Santa Fe Institute conference.
“So who got you?” is what the promising fellow asks, though.
“Excuse me?”
“Who got you, Mexico or Texas?”—an apparent inquiry as to the outcome of the Mexican-American War of 1846–48.
“Well, sir, we have been a state since 1912.”
“Yeah, but who got you?”
Mellor shakes her head, reflecting, “It's not like he was a backwoods guy in dungarees and red suspenders, with a big bushy beard!” Or Rip Van Winkle.
After picking up a couple of brochures and the New Mexico Vacation Guide, people often ask, “You need a passport to get there, don't you?”
“Only if you are coming directly from another country,” Mellor answers. Sometimes she wishes that she had little yellow New Mexico passports to give out, with fun facts about our state—a teaching tool to enrich the knowledge base of these low-information browsers.
In the magazine, we recently ran “50” stories about a woman who brought a case of water bottles to Rio Rancho because “You can't drink the water,” and a woman who asked a shopkeeper in Old Town Albuquerque where she could exchange her dollars for the local currency, pesos. But Mellor experienced the flip side of this when a woman insisted on showing her lots of cell-phone photos of her recent trip to New Mexico. Mellor didn't recog- nize any of the sights. “Oh, sorry, wrong state!” the fairgoer said. “These are of Mexico. Not New Mexico—it's the next state. I think I've been there, too.”
Geography. Is it still taught in school?
After spending quite some time examining the state map displayed in the booth, a fellow rubbed his chin and looked at Mellor. “I'm confused. Where exactly are you?”
“Me? Oh, I live in Taos.”
“No, where is the state?”
“Here are the bordering states: Arizona, Colorado, Texas ...”
He still looked perplexed, so she pointed out some more nearby states.
“I need to look at an atlas. I have been out of the country for a while.”
What she wanted to say, but didn't: “We didn't move the state while you were gone!”
Someday, Mellor just might have educated enough people to create a tipping point, so that all of the “50” stories dry up. But in the meantime, we can all agree that New Mexico can feel like a different country, in all the best ways: the landscape, the space, the light, the food, the culture, and the kindness and patience of the people. The latter trait is modeled by Mellor—who has an English accent, you recall—every time she's told, “You speak really good English for a Mexican!”
Send your “Missing” anecdotes to fifty@nmmagazine.com or Fifty, New Mexico Magazine, 495 Old Santa Fe Trail, Santa Fe, NM 87501. Include your name, hometown, and state. Thanks!
TRENTON, New Jersey, February 13, 2013 (ENS) – Two top officials of the East Orange Water Commission have been charged with conspiring to close contaminated wells before monthly water tests so as to falsely report low levels of a regulated contaminant in drinking water supplied to customers, then opening the wells, allowing the chemical back into the water supply.
The New Jersey Division of Criminal Justice obtained a state grand jury indictment Tuesday charging Harry Mansmann, 58, of Lawrenceville, the Commission's executive director, and William Mowell, 51, of Wyckoff, the assistant executive director and engineer, with conspiracy.
Mansmann and Mowell allegedly conspired to falsify mandatory testing of the EOWC's water supply to hide elevated levels of the contaminant tetrachlorethene, or PERC, an industrial solvent used for dry cleaning, which is classified as a probable carcinogen.
The two men were also charged with multiple counts of official misconduct, pattern of official misconduct, unlawful release of a toxic pollutant, multiple counts of violating the New Jersey Safe Drinking Water Act, violating the New Jersey Water Pollution Control Act, and tampering with public records in November 2010, March 2011, and April 2011.
“It is absolutely unconscionable that the two top directors responsible for ensuring the quality and safety of drinking water supplied to tens of thousands of residents in East Orange and South Orange would deliberately manipulate sampling to hide the fact that the water supply contained elevated levels of a contaminant, as is alleged in this indictment,” said state Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa. “These defendants rightfully face serious criminal charges.”
The indictment stems from an investigation by the Environmental Crimes Unit of the Division of Criminal Justice Specialized Crimes Bureau, after a referral by the Compliance and Enforcement Program of the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, DEP.
“Working with the DEP, our investigators thoroughly chronicled the actions of these two officials who allegedly manipulated the water supply prior to sampling on multiple occasions, cherry picked the test results they reported to the DEP on another occasion, and pumped water from their most contaminated well into the Passaic River without a permit for nearly a month,” said Stephen Taylor, director of the Division of Criminal Justice. “Their alleged conduct is shocking.”
The East Orange Water Commission has encountered problems with elevated levels of PERC in several wells.
The DEP conducted independent tests of the East Orange water system, and samples showed PERC levels slightly above state standards but within federal safe drinking water parameters. The DEP is continuing to monitor the system.
The East Orange Water Commission, which celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2010, supplies drinking water to East Orange, a city of about 64,000 people, and to South Orange, a village of about 16,000, both in Essex County.
The water is pumped from well fields in eastern Morris and western Essex counties through a pumping station in Millburn to two reservoirs, from which water is distributed to customers. The utility blends water from its various wells at its treatment plant before water is distributed to customers.
Mansmann and Mowell allegedly directed that the contaminated wells be turned off several days prior to taking samples for testing and then turned back on for pumping to the reservoir after sampling.
In this manner, they allegedly falsified test results to comply with the DEP requirement that the running annual average level of PERC under normal operating conditions not exceed 1 microgram per liter or part per billion.
The indictment charges Mansmann and Mowell with directing that the well with the most PERC contamination – 25 times the permitted level under the New Jersey Safe Drinking Water Act and nearly twice the level permitted for discharges in remediation projects under the New Jersey Water Pollution Control Act – be pumped to a pipe that discharged onto the bank of the Passaic River in Florham Park from March 24 through April 20, 2011.
They allegedly did that in an effort to flush the contaminant out of the well. That is the basis for the charges of unlawful release of a toxic pollutant and violation of the New Jersey Water Pollution Control Act.
If convicted on all counts, the two men face five to 10 years in state prison and hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of fines.
Copyright Environment News Service (ENS) 2013. All rights reserved.
A Cook County judge on Thursday denied a bid by the city of Chicago to throw out a proposed class-action lawsuit challenging its lucrative and embattled red light camera program, saying those ticketed deserve their day in court.
The lawsuit accuses the city of issuing more than $500 million in tickets as part of a program that did not have proper authority from state lawmakers. It also alleges the city potentially issued millions of tickets even when yellow light times at red light camera intersections were too short.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration, arguing the city has acted within the law, asked Circuit Judge Rita Novak to dismiss the most recent in a series of lawsuits that have challenged the fairness and constitutionality of the entire automated red light camera enforcement program.
"I recognize there is a legitimate concern on the part of the city that it should not be subject to the same claims over and over again," Novak said, but she denied the city's request because the specific plaintiffs named in the case are new, and to deny them access to the court has "due process implications."
Novak did, however, throw out the cases of two of the five named plaintiffs on procedural grounds.
The lawsuit, brought by Chicago lawyer Patrick Keating, was filed last year in the wake of numerous Tribune reports that exposed corruption, a lack of supervision and inconsistent enforcement within the decade-old program. The reports prompted three indictments for an alleged bribery scheme and several reforms Emanuel said would increase oversight and reduce the number of undeserved tickets issued under the program.
A previous lawsuit filed by Keating making some of the same claims was dismissed by the Illinois Supreme Court last November because of lack of a quorum, an extremely rare occurrence. Two justices — including Ann Burke, the wife of powerful Chicago Ald. Ed Burke, 14th — recused themselves for unspecified reasons.
Senior City Attorney Rebecca Hirsch argued that the Supreme Court's dismissal settles the law and that the Emanuel administration should not have to reargue the same claims repeatedly.
"Same attorney, same issues for a common purpose, that pretty much sums it up," Hirsch said. "It's a waste of judicial resources."
But the judge disagreed, saying that the five new plaintiffs deserve the same due process afforded to Keating's previous clients.
The lawsuit claims that the city first instituted the program without authority in 2003, three years before enabling legislation was enacted by the Illinois legislature.
One new claim in the case centers on the 77,000 tickets the city acknowledges it issued even though the yellow light times shown on the tickets fall below the 3-second minimum listed in federal guidelines.
As a result of the way traffic lights are set, Keating said Thursday in court, "up to half of all red light camera tickets issued … were in fact below three seconds."
A new Chicago Tribune study finds Chicago's red light cameras fail to deliver the major safety benefits claimed by City Hall. Here's what traffic researchers and the city's transportation commissioner say about the study. A new Chicago Tribune study finds Chicago's red light cameras fail to deliver the major safety benefits claimed by City Hall. Here's what traffic researchers and the city's transportation commissioner say about the study. SEE MORE VIDEOS
The city has argued that it is not legally bound by the federal standards.
dkidwell@tribpub.com
Twitter @davidkidwell1
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
RuPaul's Drag Race season 9 finally reached its potential last week with a hilarious, drama-filled episode with a jaw-dropping lip sync and elimination, and the show keeps the momentum going with this week's makeover episode. It's not on the same level as last week, but losing a frontrunner like Valentina has reminded the queens that any one of them could go home if they fuck up and forced them to be more serious about the competition. The bonds of sisterhood are weakening as the finale approaches, and the queens are focused on winning rather than helping each other out.
Advertisement
Except when it comes to Nina. She gets emotional support from the other queens a's feeling down after Valentina's elimination, and when she decides to sew a garment for the runway, Shea helps her with the sewing machine. Nina struggles with depression and very intense insecurity, and that limits how far she's able to get in this competition. This isn't something she can just turn on and off, and no matter how much praise the other queens give her, she can't stop doubting her ability. Nina's competitors want to see her embrace her fierceness, but they've grown tired of giving her support that has no impact. For a moment it seemed liked Nina's storyline was going to involve her discovering her self-confidence and finally believing in her talent, but her story is ultimately about how difficult it is to get out of that negative headspace when you're in a high-stress situation that involves constant criticism.
The twist for this season's makeover challenge is that the queens are making over members of the crew, so it's a group of men that don't do drag, but are very familiar with what it entails and are comfortable being in the workroom. Sasha has the most pressure on her because she's making over Duncan, the associate director that is basically in charge when RuPaul isn't around, but she's really excited to show a more playful side of her new drag sibling. Duncan tries to temper his enthusiasm and hold on to his seriousness, but it's clear he's having a great time working with Sasha and stepping into the contestants' shoes. Sasha and Dunatella Velour have one of the strongest looks on the runway, and at the end of this episode, Sasha is the only queen left that hasn't lip synced for her life.
The only siblings with a stronger family resemblance than Sasha and Dunatella are Trinity Taylor and Glittafa Dayz, who one-up the competition with a first-time tuck. Set P.A. Rizzo gets the most screen time out of drag, not just because he's cute (although that's probably part of it), but because he's open to discussing his frustration with gender lines. He tells Trinity about his difficulty not fitting the traditional jock mold, and these conversations create an intimacy between the two of them that helps a lot when Trinity has to tape Rizzo's genitals up between his legs. The tucking scene is one of the funniest moments of this season, and Trinity is a no-nonsense team leader that won't be happy until she doesn't see a bulge. They call her Trinity “The Tuck” Taylor for a reason, and her work pays off when Glittafa takes to the stage and pulls off her skirt to reveal a smooth crotch. The tuck is right, the hair, makeup, and costumes are on point, and they have the most complicated choreography for their lip sync performance, earning Trinity her third win.
Advertisement
The judges read Peppermint for costuming herself and Winter Green (camera operator Sarge) in clashing outfits, but it's easy to forgive the fashion faux pas when the hair, makeup, and chemistry is so great. Winter Green actually overshadows her sister because she's so excited and gung-ho with her performance, but that's actually a good problem to have. It means that the partners had a rapport that motivated Winter Green to let herself be free and have fun, and I don't think she would have been as thrilled if Peppermint didn't do such a great job on her look. The judges name Winter Green the MVP of the challenge, and Peppermint deserves a lot of credit for making Winter Green feel beautiful up on the runway. You don't get that feeling from all of the made over queens, and it's a sign of good leadership that Winter Green performs as well as she does.
Nina works with art coordinator Aaron, who can see that Nina is struggling and shares his own experience with depression in hopes of getting her head in the game. Nina doesn't sew, so it's not a smart decision to create a new garment when there are so many other things to do with this challenge, and having this extra hurdle kills what little confidence Nina had left. Nina and Ariana Bo'Nina Brown's runway looks are uninspired and messy, with the same silhouette Nina has used over and over again and makeup that doesn't look good up close or far away. The face doesn't go with the body, and overall it feels like Nina just gives up this week.
Tonight's episode is Shea's first fumble in the competition, and it's a classic example of a queen focusing more on herself than her partner. We don't see much of Shea interacting with P.A. Josh, and there are some basic problems that make Bae Coulée look very sloppy compared to her far more put together drag sister. The wig obscures Bae's face, doesn't cover her hair line in the back, and her bra straps are showing. Shea tries to fix the wig on the runway, but it's too late by that point and the judges already have something to clock. Shea ends up lip syncing against Nina, and the personal drama between these two give the lip sync some extra emotional weight.
Advertisement
As much as I would have liked to see Shea make it to the end without lip syncing, I'm happy we have the opportunity to see what she can do when she has to fight to stay in the competition. She makes an immediate connection with the music (Demi Lovato's “Cool For The Summer,” an excellent lip sync song) that you can see in her entire body, and she doesn't need any fancy tricks when she does such a good job channeling the energy of the song. Unfortunately, this lip sync is diminished by Nina's resignation, and from the very start it looks like Nina has lost all drive to stay in the competition.
Given that this is Nina's third time in the bottom and Shea's first, I understand why she's lost hope, but it's always disappointing when a queen doesn't put her heart into the lip sync. This is potentially the last chance to show off your talent on national TV, and even if you think there's no chance of staying in the competition, you should give it your all and go out on a high note. Getting to that place is hard for Nina, and after a trying experience on this show, she's ready to put an end to the stress and go home. Hopefully Nina's time on Drag Race has helped her realize her remarkable talent, because she has so much more potential than she knows.
Stray observations
Alexis Michelle is so stale. Her makeover look isn't as lazy as Nina's or as messy as Shea's, but it's really boring.
The judges are having so much fun this week. Kesha and Zaldy are very excited to be there, and the whole group breaks into a laughing fit when Kesha tries to describe why she enjoys Winter Green's face so much. Zaldy also has some very good critiques for both performance and fashion.
Ru wears a Zaldy gown on the runway that is covered with her catchphrases translated into Japanese. It's a very cool look.
Glittafa Dayz is a fun drag name, but it would sound even better if her name was Glitta Fadayz.
I love the rapidly edited montage of the lip sync routines each pair of queens performs. It gives the impression that these performances are all pretty lousy, but there's enough solid material across six pairs that the editors can piece it together into something entertaining.
“I'm over it, I'm over it, she needs to go home, no no no. (Pause.) I'm over it.”
“Natalie Portman? She doesn't really match with the Coulée brand.”
“Are you telling me that I'm co-hosting next season? Fuck you, Michelle Visage!”
Duncan: “We talked about over-intellectualizing things and letting that get in the way of just being free.” Ru: “How do you do that?” Duncan: “Drugs.”
“You're walking like Pearl now!”
Trinity: “It's like The Little Mermaid.” Rizzo: “Except she's a big dude.”
“To show support for all our crew members, (pulls up fake leg) I wore heels!”
“The pain is real.”
Ru: “What do you think you're going to take from this experience?” Glittafa: “I'm gonna take this tape off.”
“The nails scream: ‘I. Am. A. Slut.'”
“Look, we're intergalactic whores. Can we have some candy?”
Ru: “Now Dunatella, there's something that you're doing that is strangely turning me on.” Dunatella: “I learned it from watching you, dear.”
Michelle: “Shea's was sloppy, this one was not sloppy.” Ross: “Well, Michelle knows sloppy.”
“Silence! You've been no help at all.”
“Your bunny look did not make the judges hoppy.”
Sony DVP-S7700 DVD Player
The Sony DVP-S7700 is a $1,400 DVD player that features DTS and AC3 audio, as well as component video outputs to feed a high-performance AV playback system. With the quality of DVD players coming out of Japan under $2,000, why should you spend $5,000 on some tweaked-out machine? The front panel of the 7700 is pleasantly devoid of the overabundant buttons and controls typically found on a mass market DVD player. The main panel folds open with an ease and sex appeal that is normally reserved for B&O. After the front panel folds down, the slender CD/DVD tray smoothly opens for you to insert your source material. You'll find an On/Off switch, a useful headphone jack and volume control, Play, Pause, Stop, Panel Up/Down and Open/Close for the faceplate. The 7700's remote is hardly as simple. There is a jog shuttle-inspired menu controller that helps you navigate through DVD menus. You have direct access to Audio Change, Angle Change, Subtitle Change and Subtitle On/Off. Your 7700 remote also can perform double duty as a full-function TV or DSS remote, complete with a 10 key pad and channel Up/Down and volume functionality. You'll also find the AV volume control will access your AV Preamp and/or receiver's main level. Music on the 7700 You need to specifically set up the Sony DVP-S7700 to feed a PCM output to your AV preamp or receiver, but after that you are in for a real treat. The 7700 is a very good transport for the growing number of musical recordings mixed in 5.1 digital surround. as well as from the 24-bit master tapes as it was being mixed. Through the 7700, the surround effects were dynamic and resolute. Was it as tight, deep and punchy as the master tapes? No. But the Sony 7700's price vs. performance ratio should impress even the most jaded enthusiast. Movies on the 7700 The audio/video performance of the 7700 is great. On Waterworld (DTS DVD), you hear highly detailed and subtle clanking as Kevin Costner's character tries to free himself from his hanging prison cell during Chapter 4 of this DVD. The picture on this track was stunning through my line-doubled Sony plasma monitor. The blues of the sky were crisp and the water in contrast looked emerald green, just as you'd expect to find in a giant tank on a movie studio lot. The depth of field was the best feature of the DVP-S7700's video performance. When you look deep into complicated scenes, you see resolute images that are not the main focus of the shot. For example, late in Waterworld's same Chapter Four, there is a rickety, jury-rigged ship on which you can see every Band-Aid and scrap of rope used to hold the vessel together. The detail through the 7700 looked as if you were standing on the set. The remote on the 7700 is too complicated for most end users, as well as too wide to fit easily and/or comfortably into your hand. Like most Sony remotes, it is adequate for setting up the component, but it isn't user-friendly enough for you to want to employ it every day. I chose to adopt a pricier but much more user-friendly solution in the Crestron color STS remote system. This means I no longer need to use the Sony remote. A Philips Pronto would also be able to solve many of your remote woes where the Sony Remote won't.Read full review
Eon Productions
Sometimes the things that go down in history are the product of lots of hard work — and sometimes they are the result of a moment of genius. The gun-barrel sequence that opens Bond movies is closer to the latter. Maurice Binder, the title designer who worked on most Bond movies from Dr. No to Licence to Kill, happened to have some circular white stickers — meant to be price tags — and thought they would be a good stand-in for gunshot holes. So in about 20 minutes, he put together a mock-up of the white circles transitioning into the view through a gun barrel. The filming took a few hours, with Sean Connery's body double (Bob Simmons) and a real gun barrel, belonging to a prop-shop gun that was taken apart and filmed through with a pinhole camera. The sequence was later reshot with Connery.
(MORE: Watch the First Minute of All 22 James Bond Films)
Next James Bond Does Have a True Love
We're back home! Hallelujah! I never thought I would be so happy to come back home from such a beautiful European country. Many thanks to Yolanda for taking us to her homeland and giving us a glimpse into her past and her lovely Dutch upbringing. Those parts of the trip were such a delight.
Our last evening on the canal was lovely. Just like you saw, it was full of laughter and great conversation. Yolanda's brother Leo and his wife are gems, and I'm happy we got to meet and spend some time with them.
It was nice to be able to sit down and unwind with Kyle at dinner back in Beverly Hills after our workout at Pilates Plus, which by the way, kicked our butts! There is so much going on between her and Kim, and I knew she was in need of someone to talk to about it. Look, I am just as sick of this topic as all of you are, but at this point, it was quite evident to me that Kim's “best friend” had decided to fill her in on the conversation we had over lunch just weeks before but conveniently left out her entire role in the conversation. One would assume that Brandi realized she'd spoken of Kim in a way that would upset her, so she lumped the whole conversation on me. Brandi needed me to be the bad guy in order to keep Kim from being mad at her, too.
As we all saw, Brandi asked me to reach out to Kyle on her behalf. So that's what I did. I spoke to Kyle and told her about Brandi's concern for Kim during our conversation and her suggestion of an intervention. As I have said before, I know that all of you, our viewers, know exactly what's going on. We all saw Brandi tell me how there is so much more going on than I know surrounding the topic I no longer want to speak of. We all saw Brandi suggest to me that an intervention be planned for our group while we spoke of Kim. We all saw Brandi tell me that Kim would murder her and then kill herself if she knew that Brandi was talking about “her situation.”
None of this is news to you or me at this point, is it? I passed along information to Kyle per Brandi's request. It is now left up to them to figure out what to do with it. The bond between sisters is so deep, and I really would love to see the Richards sisters work it out and come to a place of mutual understanding and respect of one another. Seeing them together in Palm Springs only reiterates to all of us just how deep-rooted their issues truly are and how everyone needs to stay out of their relationship. Quite honestly, other than that, I am done. This is the last thing I want to be talking about, but the forbidden situation keeps on being brought up, so here I am, rehashing the damn thing again. Just like you, I want to stab myself in the eyeball with a chopstick over the whole nightmare and just move on already.
Maybe I will have some time now that I am home, where I am safe with my family, to process what's happened. Kim still has not apologized to Kyle, Eileen, or me for her uncalled for behavior toward us or my husband. I do still have a lot to process, and a lot has been left unresolved.
But enough of that, we must talk about how fabulous it was to watch Lisa V. marry that lovely couple at Pump! In my opinion, that was hands-down the best part of the whole episode! I'm always so blown away by how much Lisa does for the LGBT community. Pump looked gorgeous, Lisa looked beautiful, and the couple so happy. Kudos to you for always supporting your friends, Lisa Vanderpump. You're an inspiration.
Next week is the finale, followed by the reunion you've been hearing so much about. Oh boy. The drama continues…
CHICAGO — The ancient Mycenaeans have a reputation as palace-builders and warriors, but they were also quite sophisticated cooks. More than 3,000 years ago, they used portable grill pits to make souvlaki and non-stick pans to make bread, new cooking experiments suggest.
The Mycenaean civilization, which was the backdrop for Homer's "Odyssey" and "Iliad," thrived in Greece during the late Bronze Age from around 1700 B.C. until the society mysteriously collapsed around 1200 B.C. The Mycenaeans left behind amazing palaces and gold-littered tombs at sites like Pylos and Mycenae, but in these places, archaeologists also have found less glamorous artifacts, such as souvlaki trays and griddles made from gritty clays.
It wasn't clear how these two types of pans were used, said Julie Hruby of Dartmouth College, presenting her research at the Archaeological Institute of America's annual meeting here on Saturday (Jan. 4). [The 7 Most Mysterious Archaeological Finds on Earth]
"We don't have any recipes," Hruby told LiveScience. "What we do have are tablets that talk about provisions for feasts, so we have some idea of what the ingredients might have been, but in terms of understanding how people cooked, the cooking pots are really our best bet."
Researchers tested two possible ways Mycenaean ceramic pans would have been used to cook meat. The one on the right produced the best results.
The souvlaki trays were rectangular ceramic pans that sat underneath skewers of meat. Scientists weren't sure whether these trays would have been placed directly over a fire, catching fat drippings from the meat, or if the pans had held hot coals like a portable barbeque pit. The round griddles, meanwhile, had one smooth side and one side covered with tiny holes, and archaeologists have debated which side would have been facing up during cooking.
To solve these culinary mysteries, Hruby and ceramicist Connie Podleski, of the Oregon College of Art and Craft, mixed American clays to mimic Mycenaean clay and created two griddles and two souvlaki trays in the ancient style. With their replica coarsewares, they tried to cook meat and bread.
Hruby and Podleski found that the souvlaki trays were too thick to transfer heat when placed over a fire pit, resulting in a pretty raw meal; placing the coals inside the tray was a much more effective cooking method.
"We should probably envision these as portable cooking devices — perhaps used during Mycenaean picnics," Hruby said.
Griddles from the Mycenaean world often have one side with partial perforations and one polished side. The side with the holes proved to be more effective at cooking bread when researchers made replica griddles and tested them over the hearth.
As for the griddles, bread was more likely to stick when it was cooked on the smooth side of the pan. The holes, however, seemed to be an ancient non-sticking technology, ensuring that oil spread quite evenly over the griddle.
Lowly cooking pots were often overlooked, or even thrown out, during early excavations at Mycenaean sites in the 20th century, but researchers are starting to pay more attention to these vessels to glean a full picture of ancient lifestyles.
As for who was using the souvlaki trays and griddles, Hruby says it was likely chefs cooking for the Mycenaean ruling class.
"They're coming from elite structures, but I doubt very much that the elites were doing their own cooking," Hruby told LiveScience. "There are cooks mentioned in the Linear B [a Mycenaean syllabic script] record who have that as a profession — that's their job — so we should envision professional cooks using these."
Follow Megan Gannon on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience.
Copyright 2014 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. ]]>
Wash. State Senate Introduces Marriage Bill
Lawmakers in Olympia, Wash., introduced a marriage equality bill in the state senate Monday — Valentine's Day — and a companion bill is set to be introduced in the state house Tuesday.
Same-sex marriage has been banned in Washington since 1998, when the legislature passed the state's Defense of Marriage Act. Washington's DOMA doesn't prevent the legislature from reversing the ban on marriage equality, and Democrats control both houses of the legislature and the governor's mansion. Gov. Christine Gregoire signed an expanded domestic-partnership bill into law in 2009 (which was almost repealed by voters in November of that year), though it's not clear what her thoughts are on same-sex marriage.
Monday's senate bill was introduced by gay state senator Ed Murray of Seattle, reports the Victory Fund's Gay Politics blog.
"Gay and lesbian families in Washington now enjoy the same state spousal rights that their married straight friends enjoy — except for the name ‘marriage,'" Murray said in a release. "The recognition that their loving, lifelong commitment is no different from the loving, lifelong commitment of straight couples is the final step to achieving full equality. I believe the legislature and the public are both ready to take that final step."
WINNIPEG - Jordan Lynch's one-yard touchdown run with 3:22 remaining rallied the Edmonton Eskimos to an exciting 26-20 Grey Cup win over the Ottawa Redblacks on Sunday night.
Lynch successfully converted the third-and-one situation to cap a five-play, 78-yard drive. Quarterback Mike Reilly's three-yard pass to Akeem Shavers for the two-point convert erased a 20-18 advantage.
The drive was aided by Edmonton head coach Chris Jones challenging an incompletion that was ultimately changed to pass interference against Ottawa's Brandon Sermons. That gave the Eskimos the ball at the Redblacks' 10-yard line.
It was a dramatic finish for the Investors Group Field sellout of 36,634, the second-smallest Grey Cup attendance since 1975. It was the fourth time the CFL title game was played in Manitoba, and the first since 2006.
Edmonton secured its first Grey Cup title since '05 and 14th overall in a record 25th appearance. Only Toronto (16) has won more.
The Eskimos also finished the season registering their 10th straight win, all coming after Reilly returned as the club's starter. He suffered a knee injury in Edmonton's season-opening loss to Toronto.
It was a bitter ending to the season for Ottawa, appearing in its first Grey Cup since a 26-23 loss to Edmonton in 1981. The city's last CFL championship came in 1976 with the former Rough Riders.
"It's not anger it's disappointment," Ottawa head coach Rick Campbell said when asked about his mood following tough loss for the Redblacks. "This is definitely not a business to be in if you don't like highs and lows. That's part of what you sign up for when you're in this business. But obviously heartbroken, disappointed, all those things. I'm so proud of those guys and so proud to coach them. And that's what make it so disappointing to get this far and not get it done."
The contest was a defensive battle, especially in the second half as Edmonton outscored Ottawa just 9-4. But after falling behind 13-0 early in the first quarter, the Eskimos outscored the Redblacks 26-7.
Edmonton players receive $16,000 for the win while the Redblacks get $8,000 apiece. The game-time temperature was -5C but the 15-kilometre-an-hour wind created a windchill of -10C.
Jones compiled a 26-10 regular-season record over his two seasons as Edmonton's head coach. Now the question remains how long he'll remain with reports the Saskatchewan Roughriders will ask permission to speak with Jones about their vacant head coach and GM positions.
This Grey Cup game was indeed a matchup of the best teams in the East and West Divisions. Ottawa (12-6) finished atop the Eastern conference after winning just two games in its inaugural 2014 season while Edmonton (14-4) finished tied with Calgary for the league's best record but secured top spot in the standings based after winning the season series with the Stampeders.
The Redblacks' Grey Cup appearance capped an amazing transformation for the franchise, . On Thursday, head coach Rick Campbell (coach of the year), quarterback Henry Burris (outstanding player), receiver Brad Sinopoli (top Canadian) and SirVincent Rogers (lineman) were honoured at the league's awards banquet.
But Ottawa finished 0-3 versus Edmonton this year, the first two losses coming in July with Reilly on injured list.
"We had opportunities to turn the tide and we just didn't make the plays, whether it was me missing a throw or making a play or something," Burris said. "They found ways to make plays and to get us off the field … But we had ample opportunities to go down and put this game out of reach.
"Kudos to Edmonton. They made plays and we didn't and that's the reason why they won the game."
Following a half-time performance by the band Fall Out Boy, Edmonton took the ball to start the second half after deferring to open the game. Despite having the ball for 10 minutes in the third quarter, Edmonton was outscored 3-1 as Ottawa took a 19-18 advantage into the fourth.
The Eskimos had a shot to take a two-point lead on the final play of the quarter but Sean Whyte's 35-yard field goal hit the right upright
Patrick Lavoie and Earnest Jackson had Ottawa's touchdowns. Chris Milo added a convert, single and two field goals.
Adarius Bowman and Shavers scored Edmonton's touchdowns. Whyte booted a convert, single and field goal while Grant Shaw added another single.
Reilly's two-yard TD strike to Shavers at 14:48 of the second gave Edmonton a 17-16 half-time lead. While a two-point convert was unsuccessful the 10-play, 88-yard drive was huge as it erased a horrid start for the West Division champions, who fell behind 13-0 before the game was seven minutes old.
Burris hit Lavoie on a three-yard TD pass at 11:38 as Ottawa opened the game with a seven-play, 73-yard scoring march. Then Burris found Jackson on a seven-yard touchdown toss set up by Domaso Munoz's recovery of Kendial Lawrence's fumble on the ensuing kickoff. Milo missed the convert.
Following Whyte's 24-yard field goal at 9:14, Reilly hit Bowman with a 23-yard touchdown pass 12:41. Whyte's single off a missed 45-yard field goal 10:33 of the second pulled Edmonton to within 16-11.
CTV Vancouver
The CEO filmed kicking a dog in an elevator in Vancouver has resigned amid a growing campaign to boycott his former company – which has wasted no time replacing him.
Desmond Hague, CEO of prominent catering company Centerplate, was captured on video repeatedly kicking a Doberman pinscher puppy, sparking outrage after the video surfaced publicly in August.
In a statement, Centerplate said Hague's decision to resign “comes as a result of [his] personal misconduct involving the mistreatment of an animal in his care.”
“Following an extended review of the incident involving Mr. Hague, I'd like to apologize for the distress that this situation has caused to so many,” said Joe O'Donnell, chairman of the board for Centerplate.
Hague was previously ordered to donate $100,000 to charity and complete 1,000 hours of community service, or risk losing his job.
Both the U.S.-based food and beverage corporation as well as the SPCA launched investigations in the wake of the video being released.
Prior to the announcement, an online petition to fire Hague had gained traction online with more than 189,000 signatures.
Hague issued a statement shortly after the video was released, saying his actions were "completely and utterly out of character."
"I am ashamed and deeply embarrassed a minor frustration with a friend's pet caused me to lose control of my emotional response. I would like to extend my apology to my family, company and clients, as I understand that this has also reflected negatively on them."
Early Tuesday, the company announced the promotion of chief operating officer Chris Verros to acting president and CEO of the company.
Centerplate caters to numerous sports venues including BC Place, home of the BC Lions and Vancouver Whitecaps. The venue also hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics opening and closing ceremonies.
Since the video was released, a number of individuals have said they will no longer purchase food and drinks from venues that use Centerplate's services.
At the beginning of November, MLG had their final tournament of the year featuring games like League of Legends, Halo 4 & Starcraft 2. Then this past weekend, IPL 5 featured just Starcraft 2, League of Legends & ShootMania. Things seemed better than ever before for the eSports community with IGN bringing in over one-hundred thousand concurrent viewers during the live-broadcasted games for League from Thursday morning to Sunday night.
Unfortunately, this weekend apparently wasn't enough for one eSports team, Quantic Gaming , as the professional gaming house will be closing it's doors. Within the last hour, three tweets were sent out via the team's official account. The first tweet simple said “FOR ESPORTS! (the YouTube video below) GG” while the second said this: "We attempted to create one of the world's greatest eSports teams out of an ultimate belief in the pursuit of passion and greatness."
Just two days ago, the team's account was still doing business as usual but with the blog not rolling in the last month, it's not a shock to see such an announcement. The shock is to see it end so quickly. Just a week ago, eSports reporter and former pro Boss Nasti posted an interview of a very confident Mark Ferraz who is the CEO of the gaming team.
The team was made up of sixteen Starcraft 2 players featuring team captain SaSe the famed Swedish Protoss player. Quantic also had one Call of Duty team featuring four players. The final message the team is giving out to the world is simply this: "We love you all, our fans, players, staff, sponsors, and owners... 2012... and forever in the hearts and minds of those touched..." Good luck to the players and support staff! Today, an independant crew working on an eSports Starcraft documentary entitled ‘StarNation' posted an interview featuring Quantic Gaming's Mark Ferraz. You can see it above.
Benton's initial attempts to sell the game himself faltered in the face of distribution problems: Computer enthusiast magazines, the only network connecting a large but dispersed population of potential buyers, turned down his ads, unwilling to risk already slim profit margins on potentially offensive material. (Such bottlenecks eventually inspired innovations like the 1981 Dirty Book, a black-market-style catalog of adult programs that was advertised in computer magazines—selling a pamphlet of porn software was considerably less objectionable than selling the software itself, it seems.) Benton's independent sales were painfully hand-to-hand, conducted from vendor booths at trade shows and computer fairs.
Softporn disk (Photo courtesy Brad Herbert
and The Art of Sierra)
The boost Benton needed came when Ken Williams, one of the Apple II world's youngest, most recklessly ambitious software titans, picked up a copy at a trade show. Williams was the 26-year-old president and co-founder of On-Line Systems, a software company he and his wife Roberta had launched with the 1980 release of their graphical adventure game Mystery House (Ken programmed the game but Roberta designed it, making her one of the first female computer game designers in the world). Since then, the Williamses had fostered an indomitable series of graphical adventure games and arcade copycats, long forgotten titles like The Wizard and the Princess and Missile Defense. Ken, along with a handful of other late-twenties fast risers in the Apple II world, experienced their fame as an unstoppable ascent for the best and the brightest. In other words, Ken had both the self-importance and the naivety to put his well-respected company label on a sex game.
On-Line Systems' contribution to Softporn's success went beyond the simplicity of a licensing agreement. The game's visual lacquer, that hot tub photo better remembered today than the game itself, was all Ken's idea—it was even staged in the Williamses' redwood paneled hot tub on the ground floor of their family home. The female models were all company employees: Diane Siegal, On-Line's production manager, holds a half-eaten apple in a coy pun on Wozniak's forbidden fruit; in the middle, Susan Davis, On-Line's bookkeeper and wife of programmer Bob Davis; and on the right was Roberta herself, looking as if she had all eternity to meet your gaze. The gentleman in the photo is Rick Chipman, a waiter from The Broken Bit, a restaurant just down the road on California State Route 41.
Softporn advertisement, September 1981. Courtesy Softalk Apple Preservation Project
The photo itself was shot by Brian Wilkinson, an editor at the local newspaper who knew Ken as a guy around town, the kind of guy he might drink beers with. “I'm no Ansel Adams,” he told Ken Williams, “but I can take a photo.” Wilkinson shot multiple reels of Kodachrome and Ektachrome film, but only a handful of those original photos survive. These sparse vignettes give dimension to a process, rather than the singular, famed result that crops up under a Google search. Afternoon fades to sunset fades to evening. The women grow bored and irritated. An apple is slowly eaten over the course of the shoot. A backdrop is propped up, made from the round lids to the pool. At some point the Apple II was either brought in or taken out. No one in that hot tub imagined Time magazine on the other end of the lens. These people were friends, screwing around in the times before Twitter and Instagram, doing regrettable things they couldn't really fathom the ultimate reach of. There could be no better testament to just how small, insular, and utterly naive the early independent microcomputer software scene was, a corporate culture wrought from the volatile mixture of inexperience and exponential growth.
Unreleased images from Softporn cover photo shoot. Courtesy Brian Wilkinson.
Unreleased images from Softporn cover photo shoot. Courtesy Brian Wilkinson.
The hot tub ad first ran in the September 1981 issue of Softalk, an Apple II enthusiast magazine that was a major advertising venue for On-Line Systems, and instantly became a lightning rod of controversy (as instantly as anything could happen in the days of paperbound magazines and mailed letters). Notably, the controversy was not just about Softporn. From September 1981 onward, Softalk, like other computer magazines, was increasingly accepting the advertising dollars offered by other “adult-themed” software products, like the sex scenario generator Interlude and prostitution business simulator Street Life. For almost a year, the pages of Softalk's “Open Discussion” section was a platform for one of the most involved, contentious, long-ranging debates to ever take place on the subject of technology, obscenity, and equality in early game and computer culture.
The Bears departed for Seattle on Friday afternoon with quarterback Jay Cutler as part of their traveling party, but neither Cutler nor top receiver Alshon Jeffery will play Sunday against the Seahawks.
Both are dealing with hamstring injuries and officially were ruled out Friday after not participating in any of the team's three practices this week.
Jeffery did not accompany the team to Seattle, left behind because of an illness. So the Bears offense will face the Seahawks without two key weapons
Cutler, who suffered his hamstring strain in Sunday's loss to the Cardinals, will miss his 14th game to injury since joining the Bears in 2009. He also sat out a Week 16 loss to the Lions last season after being benched.
The Bears are 5-9 in games Cutler didn't start.
Jimmy Clausen will take the wheel at quarterback Sunday, attempting to steady the offense.
“I thought he had a great week,” coach John Fox said. “The whole team was very focused.”
Jeffery, meanwhile, continues to be hindered by injuries. He missed all four exhibition games with a calf problem before his hamstring issue kept him sidelined in Week 2. His absence remains a major setback for a receiving corps that could use his big-play pop.
“Anytime a player gets hurt, there's an element of frustration, a little discouragement,” Fox said. “But that's part of this game. You're going to get knocked down. What do you do? You get back up and bounce back.”
dwiederer@tribpub.com
Twitter @danwiederer
Which program is in better hands for the future? Purdue or IU? (Photo: Star photo illustration)
Last week, Bleacher Report unveiled its list predicting the top college basketball coaches for 2025.
Yes, you read that right, 2025.
(And you thought preseason polls for the 2015 season were premature...)
Three criteria were taken into consideration:
• The coach must have a career winning percentage of at least .550.
• The coach is required to have at least 150 career wins.
• Any coach already over 60 years old was immediately eliminated.
Because of the first requirement, Butler's Chris Holtmann (67 career wins) didn't make the list.
Indiana's Tom Crean earned honorable mention, apparently by default of meeting Bleacher Report's minimum benchmarks.
"Tom Crean meets the criteria to be included, but the complete and utter loathing from much of the Hoosiers fanbase makes it hard to imagine he'll still be there in 10 years."
Crean's recruiting, which the school is heavily invested in, has provided McDonald's All Americans, recent lottery picks and hope for future success. As far as the "complete and utter loathing" of the fanbase, IU athletics director Fred Glass has stood firm on his support for Crean, despite rising frustration among portions of the Hoosiers faithful.
Meanwhile, while there's perpetual unrest in Bloomington, Purdue's Matt Painter lands at No. 13 on Bleacher Report's list.
Painter, who has a .633 winning percentage in 10 seasons with the Boilers, guided Purdue back to the NCAA tournament last season after a two-year hiatus, and the future -- especially for the upcoming season -- looks particularly bright.
"Save for an understandable hiccup in 2012-13 and a less forgivable last-place finish the following season, Matt Painter has done quite the commendable job with the Boilermakers over the past decade.
"Better yet, he's just now finally adding the first 5-star recruit of his coaching career, so it's about time to see how high he can fly.
"Purdue took a step back for a couple of years, but this was one of the hottest teams in the second half of last season and should be one of the better teams in the country in the year ahead.
"If Caleb Swanigan is just a sign of things to come on Painter's recruiting trail, it will only be a matter of time before this program reaches its first Final Four since 1980."
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Also of note, favorite son Steve Alford, who has led UCLA to consecutive Sweet Sixteens, ranks No. 18 on the list.
"It's not quite as pretty as 1,000 wins, but there are currently just seven coaches who have reached the 800-win plateau. The closer Alford gets to that mark, the more he'll be praised as one of the best. Let's just hope he actually reaches a Final Four somewhere along the way."
Noticeably absent from Bleacher Report's list is Notre Dame's Mike Brey. Brey, 56, has 332 career wins and a .668 winning percentage, and while he doesn't have a penchant for landing elite recruits, he certainly has a knack for winning. The Irish have won at least 20 games in eight of the last nine seasons and reached the Elite Eight a season ago.
Top 20 coaches in 2025:
20. Travis Ford, Oklahoma State
19. Tommy Amaker, Harvard
18. Steve Alford, UCLA
17. Buzz Williams, Virginia Tech
16. Mark Gottfried, N.C. State
15. John Thompson III, Georgetown
14. Mark Fox, Georgia
13. Matt Painter, Purdue
12. Jay Wright, Villanova
11. Mark Turgeon, Maryland
10. Gregg Marshall, Wichita State
9. Scott Drew, Baylor
8. Jamie Dixon, Pittsburgh
7. Shaka Smart, Texas
6. Tony Bennett, Virginia
5. John Calipari, Kentucky
4. Mark Few, Gonzaga
3. Sean Miller, Arizona
2. Thad Matta, Ohio State
1. Bill Self, Kansas
Farmers are planting almonds because, as permanent crops, they do not need to be replanted after every harvest. They have been steadily taking over from cotton and lettuce because they are more lucrative. “That's the highest and best use of the land,” said Ryan Metzler, 45, who grows almonds near Fresno.
The problem is that not only do almonds and pistachios, another newly popular nut, need more water, but the farmers choosing permanent crops cannot fallow them in a dry year without losing years of investment.
Now the state is putting new controls on the groundwater that has gotten many farmers through the brutal drought — which still looms over the state, despite recent rains — and there is no certainty that the future of almond and pistachio orchards in areas like the western San Joaquin Valley is secure.
So almond growers are determined to be granted the water they need to keep their crops from dying, particularly in the Westlands Water District in the San Joaquin Valley, where 15 percent of the fields are covered with almond trees, up from 5 percent about 15 years ago. They chafe at the rise in the 1990s of environmental restrictions designed to help the survival of salmon species threatened by two generations of water diversions.
“We've had 20 years of a regulatory approach that has not improved the fishery,” said Jason Peltier, the chief deputy general manager of the Westlands Water District, which serves some of the richest growers in the state. “The reality is that their regulatory methods have failed on every measure” of the health of salmon species. His hope for the next Congress is that “they will take a look at the social and economic damage that the regulatory environment has created”
They're the greatest generation — of couch potatoes.
A growing number of 18- to-34-year-olds, the world's largest age group, prefer to unwind by staying in, watching Netflix and ordering Seamless, rather than by getting down at a club or bellying up to a bar.
“The weekend is my time to relax and not do all that stuff,” says Brandon Gillespie, 32, who works in media production. “Once I'm home, I don't want to go out.”
He's not alone. More young people are choosing to spend a quiet evening at home.
A study by Taylor Nelson Sofres, a consumer research agency, found that, on average, millennials stream 2.7 hours of TV shows a day, while the earlier generation, Gen X, does about 1.8 hours.
Millennials, it seems, have discovered that the need to socialize face-to-face is waning, as food, shopping, friends, entertainment and even sex are all an app tap away.
The study also found that millennials spend about 3.1 hours a day on their mobile devices, compared with Generation X's 1.7 hours.
Gillespie, a Harlem resident, watches Netflix and YouTube clips on his phone or computer in his one-bedroom apartment.
As for the challenges of dating, the bachelor says society is moving away from the traditional, “meet cute” mold.
“You know, the whole ‘Netflix and chill,' whatever you think about it . . . it's kind of a trend,” he says.
For some, the price of nightlife isn't worth the payoff.
“It's cheaper to just stay home,” says Kimberly Pena, 21, a junior at Montclair State University in New Jersey. “Nowadays, $20 won't get you too far.”
One thing millennials are not bingeing on is booze.
A 2016 survey by Heineken found that when millennials do bother to venture outside, 75 percent drink in moderation.
A study by Child Trends Data Bank also found that binge drinking among teens is at an all-time low: Only 19 percent of high school seniors admitted to binge drinking in 2014, compared with a record high 41.4 percent in 1980.
But experts say staying indoors can hurt a person's emotional well-being.
“They're not consuming alcohol, but they're consuming a lot of media — and it's depressing them,” says Manhattan clinical psychologist Dr. Michael Brustein.
“I can't tell you how often I hear [patients] say, ‘I did nothing this weekend and I feel terrible.' ”
Some might be chained to their beds because of a penchant for sleepiness, too.
Dr. Sanjeev Kothare, a neurologist at NYU Langone Medical Center, says the increase in cases of exhaustion among young people could be as high as 50 percent.
Brooklyn theater artist Misha Lambert, 22, finds her work very exhausting.
“[It] requires me to really go out and to be really social, which is very tiring for me,” she says. “I just want to turn off that part of me and I just want to sit around and be comfortable.”
Gillespie admits that while many of his friends are “homebodies,” some do worry about his hermit-like tendencies.
“I have to convince people that it's OK,” he says.
“I enjoy not having to interact with people.”
College kids are way too sensitive:
A new radio station is on track to begin broadcasting in Denton this summer, but first: a pledge drive. It is a community radio station, after all.
KUZU 92.9 FM has launched a Kickstarter to raise $25,000, about half of the station's projected first-year budget. Pledges will be awarded by everything from “good vibrations,” to studio recording time, to koozies and tote bags, in the grand tradition of radio fundraisers throughout recorded history. Kick in $3,000 and you can pick the first song to be played on the new station. A fundraiser is also set for April 22 at Harvest House.
The low-power FM station will broadcast on the airwaves within a three-mile radius of Denton, and out into infinity online. The programming will be locally focused:
We see KUZU as a public forum for artistic expression, music, debate, and local affairs. Your support will carry this project to opening day and make KUZU Denton's own radio station for generations to come.
Denton's the right size to make this work, with enough of an identity to justify local programming, musical and otherwise, independent of Dallas-based broadcasters. KNTU 88.1 FM has the city covered with jazz music, student newscasts, and UNT sports updates (go Mean Green), but there seems to be enough room for KUZU to make an impression.
Of course, its success will depend on the support of people who want to hear a “public forum for artistic expression, music, debate, and local affairs,” and that starts now.
Manitoba Premier Greg Selinger added his voice to those of provincial and municipal leaders calling for immediate action from the federal government on the Syrian refugee crisis.
"We think we can double the number of people we can take in the refugee category," Selinger said in an interview on Sunday on CBC News Network's Power & Politics.
"We've been capped for several years at about 500 on the public side. If the federal government would lift the cap on public sponsorship, we'd be willing to do even more. It's always been our objective to have more people come into Manitoba."
Immigration is a federal issue. Provinces have lobbied the government for more say over immigration and refugee issues, but currently only Quebec has control over its own immigration policies.
We're willing to step up and do our share. — Manitoba Premier Greg Selinger
​Selinger called the federal position on immigration "a barrier" and said the country's premiers, through the Council of Federation, have asked for the cap to be lifted all categories of immigrants, including refugees.
"If the public cap was lifted, we could do more and have more support for people," he said.
Selinger said he is confident Manitoba could handle an increased influx of refugees.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair speaks at an Ottawa rally. Manitoba Premier Greg Selinger has said he will stay out of the federal campaign efforts. (Justin Tang/Canadian Press) "We think we can absorb the people very readily, both in the health care system, in our schools, social service agencies. We're not worried about that at all, quite frankly."
Selinger added that he hopes to see more co-operation between federal and provincial levels of government.
"It always works better in this country when the federal and provincial governments collaborate and enter into partnerships," he told host Rosemary Barton.
"We can serve more people. We're there, and we're willing to step up and do our share. We'd like the federal government to take immediate action."
In total, 2,374 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Canada since 2013. Of those, 642 (27 per cent) have done so with government assistance, and nearly all the rest had help from private organizations.
'Right time' for deficit spending
Selinger also weighed in on the battle over balanced budgets and deficit spending.
On that issue, the NDP premier took a different stance than federal NDP Leader Tom Mulcair, who has vowed to balance the books; along with the Conservatives and in contrast to the Liberal infrastructure plan that would see three straight years of deficit spending.
"We think this is exactly the right time to be investing in things that keep the economy on a steady keel with economic growth," Selinger said, adding that his own province's "small deficit of 0.6 per cent" has resulted in a "major infrastructure program that will create 60,000 jobs over five years."
"I don't think it's unreasonable for all the political parties to have a major commitment to infrastructure right now," he added.
"By putting those investments on the ground right now — shovel-ready projects — you get the immediate jobs but you also make us more competitive in the long term."
Selinger's government has pledged $1 billion for roads, bridges and flood protection structures. In the meantime, the province's 2015-16 budget revealed a $422-million deficit and a summary net debt that has gone up to $20.4 billion.
No-show on campaign trail
While other premiers have waded into the federal campaign — most notably Ontario's Kathleen Wynne — Selinger insisted he'll be staying away from the campaign trail.
"My decision has always been to focus on governing for the province of Manitoba," he said. "That's the job I've been elected to do."
Selinger's popularity continues to be low in his own province. Some have said he's seen as a liability for the federal party and was asked not to show up for Mulcair on the campaign trail.
But Selinger brushed the rumours off.
"You'd have to ask them [the federal NDP] that," he said. "The federal government makes their own call, every situation is different."
"Most premiers are staying out of the federal election," he added. "Some decided to get involved. I think it's an individual decision in all cases."
Microsoft is once again the target of an antitrust investigation, this time in China.
The company's offices in four Chinese cities were raided as part of a probe by the country's State Administration for Industry and Commerce (SAIC) on July 28. Anti-monopoly investigators seized computers and documents, contracts, financial statements, emails and files, according to the SAIC.
SAIC is conducting an investigation into allegations that Microsoft is engaged in anti-competitive behavior, possibly in violation of the country's anti-monopoly laws. The SAIC claims that it was alerted to compatibility issues in Windows and Office, along with other unspecified problems, in June 2013.
The raids took place in the company's offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Chengdu. Microsoft lists the Guangzhou and Chengdu sites as sales offices. The Shanghai location is home to the company's sales, marketing and support operations in the region. In Beijing, Microsoft has three addresses.
Inspectors combed through the company's departments, including Marketing and Finance. The investigation also included a vice president, other senior officials and related personnel, stated the SAIC.
China's government hinted that the raids may be just the start of an inquiry into how the Redmond, Wash.-based software company conducts business in the country. The investigation remains ongoing, according to the statement posted on the SAIC's Website.
"We aim to build products that deliver the features, security and reliability customers expect, and we will address any concerns the government may have," said a Microsoft spokesperson in a statement to eWEEK.
Meanwhile, another American tech giant has seemingly fared better navigating China's regulatory waters. IBM and Lenovo, the Chinese PC maker, have gained approval for a major acquisition.
The companies announced on Jan. 23 that Lenovo offered $2.3 billion for IBM's x86 server business. "This acquisition demonstrates our willingness to invest in businesses that can help fuel profitable growth and extend our PC Plus strategy," Lenovo Chairman and CEO Yang Yuanqing said in a statement.
The Chinese Ministry of Commerce's anti-monopoly regulators gave the deal their approval earlier this month. The U.S. Committee on Foreign Investments has yet to sign off on the deal, which is currently under close scrutiny as the interagency group examines the potential national security ramifications.
Microsoft is no stranger to antitrust probes. In 2011, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) finally declared victory in its long-running antitrust case against Microsoft, more than a dozen years after the DOJ first slapped Microsoft with antitrust action for bundling Internet Explorer with Windows.
"The final judgment helped create competitive conditions that enabled new kinds of products, such as cloud computing services and mobile devices, to develop as potential platform threats to the Windows desktop operating system," said the DOJ in a statement at the time.
In Europe, Microsoft was fined $732 million after regulators said that the company failed to offer European Windows users a choice of Web browsers, a condition of a previous antitrust judgment. The company called the oversight a "technical error," but nonetheless took responsibility.
"We provided the Commission with a complete and candid assessment of the situation, and we have taken steps to strengthen our software development and other processes to help avoid this mistake—or anything similar—in the future," pledged Microsoft following the ruling.
We all know how it feels to be sick. The fatigue, increased sleep, and general malaise that accompany a cold are the primary reasons people stay bedridden when ill. Even in ~350 BC, Aristotle wrote On Sleep and Waking and documented that the basic human experience of fever was accompanied by feelings of lethargy and fatigue. But why?
To understand, we need to learn a bit about sleep circuitry. There are two primary brain areas governing sleep: the hypothalamusGroup of nuclei that lies just below the thalamus. The hypot... and brainstemThe part of the brain found just above the spinal cord (in r.... Each contains specific wake- and sleep-promoting neuronal populations, which mutually inhibit each other. In this way, the neuronal assemblies that keep you awake inhibit those that put you to sleep, and vice-versa. This creates what is known by engineers as a flip-flop switch, a circuit with two stable states acting independently but not simultaneously.
When sick, your immune system responds by sending messages through your body with cytokines. These signals enhance immune system function by allowing the body to properly defend against foreign invaders, resulting in inflammation. Neurons in the hypothalamus respond by shifting the balance towards sleep rather than wakefulness. This is an important step in fighting off and recovering from infection. However, this neuronal response also results in sickness behavior, a suite of adaptive behaviors during infection. These include reduced appetite and sex drive, increased lethargy, social isolation, and, in some cases depression.
Of the many sleep-related neuronal populations in the brain, a few deserve special attention. Hypothalamic orexin neurons stabilize the flip-flop switch so you don't transition between sleep and wakefulness too quickly. Cytokines activate neurotensin-expressing interneurons, which inhibit orexin neurons. Consequently, activation of these inhibitory neurons by inflammatory signals decreases orexin neuronThe functional unit of the nervous system, a nerve cell that... activity, making you sleepy. Interestingly, individuals with specific mutations in orexin or orexin receptors rapidly transition between sleep states, a condition known as narcolepsy.
Another well-defined population of neurons affected during sickness is serotoninA monoamine neurotransmitter with a variety of functions.-releasing (i.e., serotonergic) neurons in the raphe nucleus of the brainstem. These neurons are highly active during waking and much less so during sleep. Serotonergic neurons maintain wakefulness by inhibiting neurons in the hypothalamus that promote sleep and excite other wake-promoting neurons. In response to cytokines, serotonergic neurons in the raphe become inhibited, resulting in drowsiness. Interestingly, histamine-producing (i.e., histaminergic) neurons in the hypothalamus also promote wakefulness. InhibitionThe process by which a presynaptic neuron makes the postsyna... of their activity by anti-histamines that cross the blood-brain-barrier (e.g., Benadryl) causes marked drowsiness, whereas those that don't make it into the brain (e.g., Allegra) don't have this side-effect.
As sleep is an ancient and widespread trait throughout the animal kingdom, many more redundant and overlapping neuron populations exist to provide fine-tune regulation. So next time you get sick and can't crawl out of bed, blame your immune system. In an interesting dichotomy, the immune system is both a savior from death and bringer of discomfort during sickness.
~
Written by Jeremy Borniger.
~
References:
Grossberg, A. J., Zhu, X., Leinninger, G. M., Levasseur, P. R., Braun, T. P., Myers, M. G., & Marks, D. L. (2011). Inflammation-induced lethargy is mediated by suppression of orexin neuron activity. The Journal of Neuroscience, 31(31), 11376-11386.
Imeri, L., & Opp, M. R. (2009). How (and why) the immune system makes us sleep. Nature Reviews Neuroscience, 10(3), 199-210.
Nishino, S., Ripley, B., Overeem, S., Lammers, G. J., & Mignot, E. (2000). Hypocretin (orexin) deficiency in human narcolepsy. The Lancet,355(9197), 39-40.
Saper, C. B., Fuller, P. M., Pedersen, N. P., Lu, J., & Scammell, T. E. (2010). Sleep state switching.Neuron, 68(6), 1023-1042.
Saper, C. B., Chou, T. C., & Scammell, T. E. (2001). The sleep switch: hypothalamic control of sleep and wakefulness. Trends in neurosciences, 24(12), 726-731.
Images from adapted from Saper, C. B., Chou, T. C., & Scammell, T. E. (2001). The sleep switch: hypothalamic control of sleep and wakefulness. Trends in neurosciences, 24(12), 726-731.
and made by Jooyeun Lee.
Like this: Like Loading...
London Underground has turned to a specially converted tube train — known as a Rail Adhesion Train (RAT) to help remove falling leaves from the tracks this autumn.
The specially converted 1973-stock trains will be ready to enter service at the end of this month for use on the Piccadilly line.
It follows the publication of an independent report, commissioned by TfL, into leaf fall issues on the Piccadilly line that have led to delays and disruption on the line over the past two years.
Two 1973-stock trains have been converted into specialist engineering trains which will travel on the Piccadilly line treating rails to reduce the risk of poor adhesion. The adhesive material they dispense helps the train wheels grip the tracks during braking. When trains brake on slippery tracks it can cause the wheels to lock and subsequently wear down, an issue known as wheel flats.
TfL has also ordered better weather tools to help predict when the combination of wind and rain are likely to lead to the worst conditions.
The weather prediction tools should help to deal with the biggest issue that so badly affected the Piccadilly in 2016, the unusually dry and stable weather in the run up to autumn. When Storm Angus arrived on our shores in November, the trees lining the Picadilly line were unusually laden with dry old leaves that hadn't been blown away yet.
Then came lots of wind and rain, and a blanket of mulch landed on top of the railway.
Although TfL was critisised in the investigation for lack of planning, the weather was largely to blame for the conditions, even if TfL was to blame for not being ready for them.
The weather forecasting tools should help resolve some of those issues. Chopping down the trees also helps, even if it upsets people who quite like the trees to remain intact.
There will however also be a new Autumn timetable which allows for a reduction in train speeds in areas where low adhesion is expected, to reduce the risk to train wheels. This is in line with the Metropolitan line and Network Rail services.
TfL also runs Rail Adhesion Trains on both the Central and Metropolitan lines during the Autumn months.
Posted by OrdainWomen on Apr 14, 2016 in Actions, Blog |
Mark Barnes serves on the Ordain Women Executive Committee as Treasurer and chair of the Male Allies committee.
As a new missionary in Japan, I first heard the saying: “The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.” I naively thought that this saying uniquely applied to Japanese culture, but standing there in my white shirt and dark suit, I failed to see the hammers that smash away at nonconformity in my own Mormon culture. Among these hammers are claims of authority, threats, shame, shunning and isolation. Defying these hammers takes a tremendous amount of courage and strength. From April 1st to April 4th, I was privileged to stand with four women who serve on the Ordain Women Executive Board. I stood in front of the Church Administration Building with Joanna Smith, Bryndis Roberts, Debra Jensen, and Lorie Winder. We also had other strong supporters stop by and spent time with us. I was able to see first-hand strength and courage that is all too rare in our conformist culture.
The Church Administration Building is the center of power in the LDS Church. It contains the offices of the First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. As you can see in the pictures accompanying this post, we spent four days dead center in front of this building, with the Ordain Women banner draped over our table. Church leaders refused to take the hundreds of postcards, which our group, lead by Debra Jensen, attempted to deliver the first day we stood.
The postcards contained messages from supporters, who believe that women are “Ready to Witness.” They asked that women be able to witness baptisms, baby blessings, sealings, and highly personal interviews by male leaders of women and girls. Prior to our delivery attempt Friday morning, Debra Jensen sent a letter informing church leaders that a refusal to accept the postcards would result in our standing in front of their building until Monday morning when we would again try. Despite claims that the building was empty, we frequently saw drapes and blinds part, and eyes briefly stare out at us. We even received a friendly wave from a woman parting the drapes at the west end of the first floor. Monday morning, Bryndis Roberts lead our group up the stairs again, to try to deliver the postcards. Once again we were refused.
We also attempted delivery at the Relief Society building. Initially, we were asked if we would like to meet with Relief Society leaders. But, once the staff discovered we were with Ordain Women, we were told that everyone was out of town. The contrast was striking between the brave women standing in front to the seat of Mormon power and leaders, who hide behind layers of security, peek through the blinds in their offices, or who direct their staff to claim that they are suddenly out of town.
The price I have paid for my involvement in Ordain Women has been relatively small. I have a supportive family, and church leaders who leave me alone. Male privilege seems to repel most personal attacks. But, this is not the experience of many Ordain Women leaders and supporters. Many have felt the full force of the conformity hammers in their lives. This is my tribute to all in Ordain Women who have paid the price for doing what is right. They stand strong for female ordination and equality in the Church. I admire the strength and bravery I see every day in Ordain Women. I am proud to be a part of this organization.
November 20, 2017
Is Sectarianism a Problem?
There are a significant number of anarchists who hold a narrow view of what anarchism is, defining it in such a way to disqualify other anti-state ideologies. Some try to justify this historically - but in this case only mutualists are “true” anarchists. Others say only “movement” anarchism counts, and ideologies don't. There are many ad hoc excuses for counting out a school of anarchism one scorns.
This is not a new phenomenon which started with the internet and social media. In the 19th century Voltairine de Cleyre experienced the same silly squabbles.
“There are, accordingly, several economic schools among Anarchists; there are Anarchist Individualists [anarcho-capitalists], Anarchist Mutualists, Anarchist Communists and Anarchist Socialists. In times past these several schools have bitterly denounced each other and mutually refused to recognize each other as Anarchists at all. The more narrow-minded on both sides still do so; true, they do not consider it narrow-mindedness, but simply a firm and solid grasp of the truth, which does not permit of tolerance towards error. This has been the attitude of the bigot in all ages, and Anarchism no more than any other new doctrine has escaped its bigots. Each of these fanatical adherents of either collectivism or individualism believes that no Anarchism is possible without that particular economic system as its guarantee, and is of course thoroughly justified from his own standpoint.” - Anarchism, Voltairine de Cleyre
Is the constant bickering over who is a true anarchist good or bad for the anarchist cause? At first sight, it might seem bad, with all the wasted energy on the same old troll posts on Facebook or Reddit. “X is not really anarchism. Y requires rulership. Z is unstable unless it has a State to keep people in line.” On the other hand, perhaps these ardent arguments have a motivational purpose, and keep people exited and inspired about anarchism - as inane and tiring as they are to long-time anarchists. A sectarian hatred of anarcho-capitalism inspired the most popular anarcho-socialist FAQ, for example. Maybe the anarcho-socialist versus anarcho-capitalist rivalry increases our market share. Who knows?
The Solution
If sectarianism is a problem, I believe I have somewhat solved it - that is, I have reduced it from a wicked problem to a practically solvable problem. I do this by changing the framing from “In a given territory, which school of anarchism would work best?” to “In a territory with numerous anarchist enclaves, could different anarchisms coexist?” Am I justified in reframing it this way? Yes, because pluralism and diversity is the default and natural assumption for anarchy. Why would it be otherwise? Why would anyone think otherwise? Because, having lived under statism for so long, it is easy to falsely assume that anarchism will look like a State, that is, a homogeneous territorial monopoly.
Under this mental hallucination, in most discussions online the background environment is assumed to be either
some kind of State of Nature, where there are no agreed norms and everyone is fighting it out, or everyone is an anarcho-Xist, except a dissenter or two who (it is argued) must be ruled unless they can practice their preferred scheme.
In short, the question of how different anarchist schools might interact is rigged by assuming either a Hobbesian war of all against all, or a state-like territorial monopoly situation.
My suggested alternative is property panarchy. Assume, instead, that different enclaves (communities, neighborhoods, even households) have evolved some resource usage norms - a property system. Note that we assume these diverse norms have come about by local consensus of some sort, whether it be by “democratic” or contractual arrangements. Doesn't this seem more likely in a stateless society than large territorial monopolies of uniform property systems? Our love for decentralization includes property systems. Even if one or more property systems prove to be more popular than others, and gain market share over others, shouldn't we still use this pluralist enclave model? I certainly don't see everyone agreeing on the best property system any time soon!
Types of Property Norms
There are some high level “meta” resource usage rules that anarcho-socialists and anarcho-capitalists alike can agree to. Henceforth, I will refer to resource usage rules as a property system. (My scornful apologies to socialists who have an aversion to the word “property.”)
The purpose of a property norm is to reduce interpersonal conflict in the allocation and use of scarce resources. We have four basic options, or combinations thereof:
No norm: No property rights conventions. This necessarily produces conflict. An adequate norm should have better consequences than this ‘null hypothesis' condition. Statist norm: Property rules which favor some group(s) over others, usually rulers overruled. This may generate interpersonal conflict between exploiters and exploited. This norm is amoral since it fails ethical universality, the categorical imperative. Collective property: Only certain specified collectives are allowed to own certain resources. Examples: everyone owns all, nationals owning nations, workers owning workshops. Private property: Everyone, any person or set of people, can acquire rights to specific uses of property.
These are basic types of property, with no claim of completeness. For example, there is nothing about a 7-year jubilee system, where all debts are forgiven every seven years. Nor is there a 50-year lottery system, where land is redistributed by lottery every 50 years. But the four possibilities do cover most known systems, even the times between lotteries for the last example. Needless to say, anarchists reject option B, and generally reject A. Anarcho-socialists favor some sort of C, which anarcho-capitalists favor D.
Anarcho-capitalists think most or all resources should be private property. Anarcho-socialists believe that multiple user capital goods should be collective property. (They would phrase it as "worker owned means of production.") Socialists disagree among themselves, however, about what the proper owning collective should be. For some, it is the local hands-on workgroup, for others it is the proletarian class, for yet others it is all mankind. The proper collective may depend on the type of resource. E.g. For some anarcho-communists, workgroups should own the capital goods, but “everyone” should own the land and natural resources.
Universal Property Norms
Regardless of whether a particular resource is owned privately or collectively, there are some universal property norms that apply. Everyone from anarcho-communist Kropotkinites to anarcho-capitalist Rothbardians agree with these propositions. These norms apply to all consistent property systems, whether collective, private, or mixed. For example, these apply to anarcho-capitalist sticky property, mutualist possession property, and mixed systems such as geoist (land rent) property, which is essentially sticky property except for collectively owned natural resources.
Universal Property Norms Homesteading, or original appropriation. For all property systems, if nobody else owns a resource, the first significant user has the highest claim to that resource. Alienation. We may alienate property by trade, gift, or abandonment. Trade. An owner of one good may transfer ownership on the condition that he receive title to a different good in a mutually voluntary transaction. Gift. An owner may transfer ownership of a good to a consenting other. Abandonment. An owner may relinquish title unilaterally, resulting in an ownerless good open for homesteading. Exclusion. Owners have a right to exclude others from property. Responsive force. Owners have the right to use force, even violent force, to defend property. Appropriate force. One should use no more force than necessary in defending property.
It is at this point that most past anarcho-capitalist luminaries have gone very wrong, by assuming only neo-Lockean “sticky property” satisfies these universal property norms. I beg to differ. Communist, socialist, mutualist, and geoist property conventions also satisfy these norms. Rothbard, Hoppe, et. al. make a good argument that sticky property is more moral and efficient than other systems, but they do not show that sticky property is the only system satisfying these universal norms. All of the major property systems satisfy these norms.
Though they are loathe to admit it, anarcho-communists do believe in the homesteading principle. Ask your favorite ancom this: “If your collective starts working on some formerly unoccupied and unused land, does the collective have a right to defend that land (and their improvements) from others - such as thieves and invaders who would steal it?” Their honest answer would be “Yes, it is ours, since we worked it.” Just like John Locke! That answer admits both homesteading and the right to exclude. Ask if they may trade it to another workers collective, and they will also say “yes,” consistent with the alienation norm.
Another historical quirk is that many mutualists are reluctant to admit that “possession” is a type of private property. Any set of people may own possession-style property, so long as they maintain possession and use. That makes possession a type of private property by definition.
Note that one way of looking at possession property is as private property with a short abandonment period, since ceasing possession and use constitutes abandonment by possession property rules. Sticky property is, then, private property with a long abandonment period. As property systems, mutualist possession property and anarcho-capitalist sticky property are identical, mod abandonment period. Of course, there are differences between anarcho-capitalism and mutualism which are unrelated to property, but it is noteworthy that, as far as property goes, they are blood-brothers. Or at least kissing cousins.
Kevin Carson aptly summarizes the situation:
None of these alternative sets of rules for property allocation is self-evidently right. No ownership claim can be deduced logically from the principle of self-ownership alone, without the "'overlay' of a property system," or a system of "allocation rules." No such system, whether Lockean, Georgist, or Mutualist, can be proved correct. Any proof requires a common set of allocation rules, and a particular set of allocation rules for property can only be established by social consensus, not by deduction from the axiom of self-ownership.
What would property panarchy look like?
We might imagine a town with ten neighborhoods, each neighborhood having a different property system. Just as people who speak the same language tend to group, so do people who prefer the same property system. Each neighborhood, or enclave, has known jurisdictional borders, established by past rulings of arbiters, or vote, or as recorded on a trusted blockchain.
Using this enclave model, most of the sectarian horror stories simply cannot happen. There is no “war of all against all” like the Hobbesian “Mad Max” model. There is no dissenter that cannot easily opt out - he has the possibility of moving to an enclave more to his liking. The alleged necessity for a State to keep dissenters in line is absent, since people can easily “vote with their feet.” The statist monopoly bugaboo-in-the-mind is gone, and we can see clearly what diversity implies: property panarchy.
What would a property dispute between people residing under different property systems look like? Since the dispute has a location, the solution is easy - the rules applying to that location are used. If the dispute occurs in a mutualist enclave, mutualist rules apply. Anarchy-ball battles don't apply. Reason and jurisdiction do.
There is the possibility of a totally non-territorial property panarchy, where property norms are sold in a package with land. This is possible for most property systems, but not all: Geoism would be severely handicapped, especially the variants based on bio-regions or watersheds. Nevertheless, since 1) like-minded people tend to group, 2) there are efficiencies in knowing what rules apply where, and 3) conflict is reduced, I would expect property panarchy to evolve to enclaves larger than households, at least in populated areas.
Foreign minister takes issue with statement that refers to sanctions being suspended rather than lifted and says Iran could resume nuclear programme if west does not honour agreement
All UN security council resolutions related to Iran's nuclear programme will be lifted immediately if a final deal is agreed, Tehran's foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, said on Saturday, stressing the benefits to Iran of this week's negotiations.
After leading Iranian negotiators to a preliminary deal with world powers in Switzerland, Zarif must now convince a domestic audience that the talks are heading toward a final deal that is in Iran's interest.
He disputed a “fact sheet” released by the US shortly after the deal that emphasised Iranian concessions and referred to sanctions being suspended rather than lifted and only after confirmation that Tehran has complied with the terms of the agreement.
“The Americans put what they wanted in the fact sheet … I even protested this issue with [US secretary of state John] Kerry himself,” he said in a television interview cited by the Fars news agency, adding that the UN security council would oversee any deal.
“Either side in this agreement can, in the case of the other side violating the agreement, cease its own steps,” Zarif said. He mirrored earlier comments by the US president, Barack Obama, that sanctions could be reapplied if Iran did not stick to its word.
“Whatever work we have on the nuclear programme can be restored … Our knowledge is local and no one can take that away from us,” he added.
Iran's lead negotiator, who was welcomed back to Tehran by cheering crowds on Friday, insisted that Iran had negotiated from a position of strength to secure a good preliminary deal.
He pointed to the changes in the demands of the P5+1 group of countries – the US, France, Britain, Germany, Russia and China – as evidence of the success of negotiations that began two years ago.
“They realised they can't shut down Iran's nuclear programme.”
Zarif said Iran would keep its promises so long as the west also did so, and suggested a deal could open the door to more productive relations with the international community, echoing comments on Friday by President Hassan Rouhani.
“We don't want anything more than our rights,” he said. “We've never pursued a bomb in the past or now. We're also not looking for regional hegemony. We want good relations with our neighbours in the region.“
US officials have insisted that a detailed list of specific items agreed at the Lausanne talks, which the US side released on Thursday, was not open to further negotiation and would be part of the final overall agreement to be worked out by end-June.
A senior US official told reporters on Friday that Iran and the six nations had agreed they could release their own interpretations of the deal, but there were not to be any discrepancies about facts.
“We understood we would have different narratives, but we wouldn't contradict each other,” the official said.
The US fact sheet described its contents as “the key parameters” of a final deal to be agreed by 30 June. It said key details were subject to further negotiation, adding that “nothing is agreed until everything is agreed”.
Separately, France has released its own fact sheet on the nuclear deal, which includes additional detail about the easing of limitations on Iran's enrichment programme after 10 years. While it does not contradict the US fact sheet, it notes that Tehran would eventually be able to use advanced centrifuges.
The French fact sheet said Tehran would be allowed a “gradual and precisely defined increase in (enrichment) capacity between the 10th and 13th years with the introduction of advanced IR-2 and IR-4 centrifuges”.
The fact that under a final deal Tehran would eventually be permitted to use advanced centrifuges that purify uranium several times more efficiently than the first generation IR-1 machines Iran currently uses is likely to raise concerns in Israel and Republican-dominated US Congress.
Under the Lausanne agreement, Tehran would only use IR-1s for the first decade.
Laura Ingraham, who reportedly consulted with the Donald Trump campaign on the upcoming first presidential debate, comments on how Trump can respond to and effectively disarm questions on his of knowledge of foreign leaders -- or what she called "gotcha questions" -- in an appearance on Hannity Tuesday night.
"He can't get sucked in to say I don't know," Ingraham said about Trump getting stuck on the question. He's not going to know all of the minutia. If they pull the pop quiz, I think he can turn that on them easily."
"The gotcha questions, well, the Secretary of Defense of Poland, Donald, you know who that is," Ingraham said on the FOX News Channel. "He needs to say something like, 'Look, I'm sure that Hillary knows all of the names of the government officials of every country on the planet because she was flying around on our dime asking them for donation to the Clinton Foundation. What I know is I know solutions. She knows all of the minutia that I can learn with my top staff and all of the focus that we're going to have.'"
"'I'm going to solve the problem for America. She can pass the pop quiz but I'm going to pass the most important test which is leadership and competency and delivering results for the American people,'" Ingraham added.
I had been living in Rajasthan for a few months now, leaving home in Shimla only to return for the surprise of my life.
In today's technologically advanced system, I could be considered liable for a moment, but what transpired because of my negligence (if you may) is something I don't want anyone else to go through. This is why I'm sharing my bitter experience with the electricity board and water department in Shimla.
Living away from hometown, I should have paid water and electricity bills for my home in Shimla. I should have; but, due to negligence or over involvement in personal chores, I was unable to pay the bills online.
All the while, I had it in the back of the mind but I thought I will pay the bills (with whatever penalties) in person the next time I am in Shimla.
I thought it would be easy. Instead, I was for a week of mental trauma.
When I came back to Shimla, a few days back, there was no electricity and water supply to my home.
Worried not bewildered, I lived with it for the night and planned a visit the concerned departments the next morning, to clear the pending bills and have the water and electricity supplies restored.
To my surprise, it wasn't as easy as I expected it to be.
When I went to pay the electricity bill at Lakkar Bazaar ( the area where my house is), I was asked to go to the main office of the electricity board in Sanjauli. I went to Sanjauli, where I was told that electricity connection to my house had been cut, and I needed to apply for a new connection.
I was told a fresh file, for a new connection, had to be made.Now I was certainly bewildered.
From then onward, I was sent from one electricity office to another for different papers. To the DC office for affidavits– all the procedures had to be done from scratch.
It took almost a week (six dark days precisely)to complete the entire procedure afresh. All this while I didn't find one person in the electricity board who cared for the mental trauma I was going through or how my family would be living without electricity.
Finally, after innumerable visits to various offices of the electricity board, I took the file to the JE office in Snowdown hospital.
Here, I was meted with a shock. The courteous JE informed that my family didn't have to stay without electricity for so many days, neither did I have to go through all the pain. JE said ‘power supply could have been restored to my home in matter of few hours after the bill payment and the process for new application could have been followed thereafter.'
He then sent a person from his office along with me to the concerned office in Lakkar Bazaar. Finally, we saw a bright night at my place.
JE was the only person in the entire electricity board who talked nicely, gave me correct guidance and helped solve my problem.
My worries were not just limited to the electricity board. I was all this while simultaneously running pillar to post to pay my water bill and have the water supply restored.
The issue was an elaborate water bill, which was beyond anyone's understanding. For us, we should have only been charged the meter rent because we had not used water for months.
This is when I learned about plugging connection. When you are not at home and would not be using water for months, the water department requires you to plug the connection.
This ensures you've only billed the meter rent and not for the usage (though, how do you end up using water when you're not home stays an arguable story for me).
During the weeklong process, I was not only without electricity at home, there was no water too.
Considering myself a defaulter, I silently kept doing what the office bearers in the department were asking me to do.I was ready to follow the procedure but it was such a pain to see that no officer was considerate enough to help resolve the issue soon. Instead, I was made to run from one office to another with documents that were not even required.
It took me eight long days to pay the pending bills, apply to have the water meter plugged, and to have water supply restored to my house.
This was it, I couldn't have taken anymore but the water department wasn't done with its lackluster attitude.
After a month of submitting the application to get the water meter plugged, I again received an inflated bill. I called the water billing office for clarity.
After making an infinite number of calls, I was finally informed that the water meter of my home was still not plugged.
Alas! What had I done wrong to deserve this?
Immediately, I called up Mr. Laxmi Thakur (the person) responsible for plugging the water meter. He said ‘Madam, I plugged your meter the same day you asked me to'.
The linesman was a helpful fellow.He took it upon himself and went to the billing office to check why I was still getting huge bills despite the meter being plugged.
Post inquiry, he informed me that my file had reached the water department from Mayor's office the same day I submitted it but people in the billing office didn't update the same on their computer systems.
With Mr Thakur's efforts, my bill was recreated with the correct amount, which I then paid off instantly.
Awareness tips
•If electricity connection to your house is disconnected for non-payment of a bill, go directly to the JE of your area. The JE will escalate the matter and power supply will be restored. Now, follow the formalities, as guided, and get a new connection
•If you have property in Shimla but you're out and not using IPH water supply, get your meter plugged to avoid rentals above the meter rent
By Rajni, Shimla
Photo: Sk-bent ex
Jay-Z. Getty Images North America Tidal, the music streaming service owned by rapper Jay-Z and a collection of well-known musicians, has been accused of inflating its user numbers to appear more successful than it actually is.
A report published in Norwegian by the newspaper Dagens Næringsliv says that Tidal has over-reported its subscriber numbers on at least two occasions.
The report alleges that while Jay-Z tweeted in September 2015 that Tidal had "1,000,000 people and counting," his streaming service actually had 830,000 subscribers, according to internal reports.
Dagens Næringsliv says Tidal's internal report may have even overstated the subscriber number. It says that payments made to record labels at that time indicated that the service had around 350,000 subscribers.
The report also highlights another time when it alleges that Tidal's public user numbers misaligned with its internal figures. It said in a press release on March 30 that it had grown to 3 million paying subscribers, up from 900,000 in June 2015. But Dagens Næringsliv says that in April, a month after Tidal claimed to have 3 million subscribers, its internal reports showed 1.2 million subscribers. And payments to record labels indicated that it had 850,000 subscribers.
Business Insider was not immediately able to verify the report. Tidal did not immediately respond to a request for comment on this story.
An Alberta man is hoping to become the first person to sell a house for bitcoins. He's asking CAD$405,000, or its equivalent in bitcoins, for the 3.6 acre site.
"We are hoping to be the first piece of real estate sold for bitcoins," Taylor More told us by e-mail. "We think maybe this could help push the currency more mainstream."
His listing describes the property as a "quaint two-bedroom bungalow" that "sits on 3.6 acres with beautiful mountain views and 110' of breathtaking Crowsnest River frontage." It includes a 2,800 square foot workshop that More says is "perfect for the handyman hobbiest and also features two additional finished bedrooms."
"If you had $405k I wouldn't turn you down, but if a partial or whole transaction is done using Bitcoins the price can be reduced depending on how many bitcoins you have to trade."
At the current exchange rate of $60 per bitcoin, buying a $405,000 house would cost about 6,750 BTC.
The value of bitcoins has appreciated dramatically in recent years. In one of the first Bitcoin transactions ever recorded (which took place in May 2010) a man paid 10,000 BTC for two pizzas. If he'd saved those Bitcoins instead, he could have used them to buy More's house with almost $200,000 to spare.
Disclosure: The author of this post owns some bitcoins.
by
Hundreds of activists and academics from around the world gathered at the International Seminar “Planet Earth: Anti-Systemic Movements” to discuss the importance of the 1994 Zapatista uprising on its 18th anniversary. In the context of the popular insurrections that have emerged this year across the globe, the seminar held from Dec. 30 to Jan. 2 in San Cristobal de las Casas, Chiapas, Mexico, concluded, with Portuguese sociologist Boaventura de Sousa Santos, that seen in retrospect Zapatista influence has been so strong that “one cannot view the left or the struggle against capitalism without this point of reference.”
De Sousa Santos stated that the explosion of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation (EZLN) on the scene January 1, 1994 was the first major moment of global resistance to neoliberalism. The uprising gave visibility to indigenous struggles that had been growing since the eighties in Latin America and soon became the precursor to other movements.
“They taught us another way of seeing the world. They broke with Marxist orthodoxy by developing a new discourse, a new semantics and new ideas. They taught us a new organizational logic that had a fundamental influence on the whole world,” De Sousa Santos said in an interview.
Paulina Fernandez, a professor of Political Science at UNAM who has followed the Zapatista movement since its inception, spoke to Desinformemonos about the transcendence of the Zapatistas. “It is still not possible to see clearly the magnitude of the importance of the Zapatista uprising. I track the news on Internet everyday and the EZLN is cited all over for one reason or another—it is a permanent reference.”
“Despite efforts to silence them, hide them away, marginalize them and isolate the movement up in the mountains, and without media information about what they are doing, the Zapatistas are building a real alternative process on a daily basis. They are proof that this country can function in a different way when its people are committed and they do it without the intervention of laws, institutions, parties, politicians and the vices and practices that official institutions are the ones guilty of the corruption of this country,” added Fernandez.
Representatives of indigenous peoples, among them Salvador Campanur, Purhépecha from Cherán, Michoacán and Santos de la Cruz, Wixárika from Bancos de San Hipólito, Durango, agreed that “in all the processes that we have experienced as indigenous peoples, the Zapatistas have been very important. Before, indigenous struggles were isolated and not linked up, but since 1994 we began to realize that we suffered from a common problem and we began to interact and develop solidarity between peoples, not only in Mexico but in the world.”
Campanur noted “Although the words ‘dignity', ‘liberty' and ‘justice' already existed it was the Zapatista brothers and sisters who in 1994 taught us to use them in each one of our struggles.”
Javier Sicilia, poet and leader of the Movement for Peace with Justice and Dignity, said in an interview that “the last 18 years have been fundamental since the Zapatistas–by revealing the negation of the indigenous world that had been going on for centuries–also revealed the dysfunction of the State and the neoliberal system, and gave new content and new possibilities not only to the nation but to the entire world.”
New Movements and the Zapatistas
Many participants linked the Zapatista movement to the new movements in Spain, Greece, the United States, Tunis, Egypt, Yemen and others. French historian Jerome Baschet stated that, “The logic of capitalism is causing us to lose control of our lives and it is time to recuperate that control. The world movement has arisen as a crossroads of all struggles: the struggle against the looting of material goods, of land, of ways of life, of the capacity to decide. It is a movement that calls on everyone who feels dispossessed.” He added that the latest uprisings “reflect a general sense of injustice and the possibility that a collective awakening could intensify the reactions of rejection that we've seen so far.”
Feminist anthropologist Mercedes Olivera observed that the Zapatista communities have developed outside the mercantilist logic, which can be a viable point of departure for “men and women to dare to experience the construction of another civilization based on solidarity not exploitation, to try to recreate the human sense of existence, recover the vital sense of the land and the sustainability of production for consumption, to be able to practice new forms of using and caring for natural resources, and in this way we can change and reorient our strategies toward building a new paradigm of development and attempt a civilizing process based on life and not on destruction, like the Zapatistas do in their autonomy.”
In the Occupy Wall Street movement in the United States that has spread to cities throughout that country and the rest of the world “there are many people who have been strongly influenced by the Zapatista struggle”, says Marlina of the Movimiento por la Justicia en el Barrio (Movement for Justice in the Barrio), a Latino collective that forms part of the Other Campaign in New York City and the Occupy Wall Street movement. Marlina asserts that “what many people of the Occupy movement are trying to do is break the relationship between capital and humanity”, noting that the Zapatistas have provided clear and inspiring messages for people in the United States. “The Zapatista resistance encourages us to keep up the struggle to build a different world,” Marlina concluded.
She recounted that “women from the movement came one night to Liberty Plaza and instead of talking about economic policies and political struggles, they talked about what it means to be a woman, a mother and a mestiza in the United States. They talked about their families and their dignity, and I cried during the talk because for me the discourse on “right living” or “vivir bien” was something really different from the fancy discourse on economic policies. And I believe that the power of the Movement for Justice in the Barrio is to talk about the truth of human experience and the truth of the devastation of the earth, and that's a discourse that cannot necessarily be understood in capitalist terms.”
Daniela Carrasco attended the seminar in representation of one of the most important movements of 2011: the Chilean student movement. A Chilean student from the collective Tendencia Estudiantil Revolucionaria, Carrasco reflected on the lessons of the Zapatistas for the Latin America student movement.
“The great example that we have taken from the Zapatista movement is the assembly as a from of organization. For many years, the Chilean movement was characterized as very bureaucratic and personalist, its was focused on certain presidents that ended up negotiating with the government and often betraying the movement. This year this logic was broken, the rightwing that formed part of the Confederation of Students was kicked out and the assembly was adopted as the method of validating all decisions we make. We got to the point where we even voted on building a barricade—yes or no—in an assembly and this has been really satisfying. All our members vote raising their hands, knowing that they are participating and not just spectators, in an act of taking back the struggle in the streets.”
“For a long time, it was said that students didn't participate, that they didn't have political training, that they weren't involved in almost anything, that they didn't care what happened in society. But this year, the panel members of the seminar agreed, “has shown the opposite in Latin American, in the United States, in Arab countries and in Europe, where youth—sick of a system that produces inequality, poverty, unemployment and hopelessness—are questioning what is happening and are going beyond protest,” said Carrasco. “We built a Chilean movement that is expanding into a ‘student spring'– in Colombia, in Costa Rica, in Mexico…”
Carlos Marentes, of the Unión de Trabajadores Agrícolas Fronterizos (Union of Border Agricultural Workers) of El Paso, Texas, told the crowd, “the Zapatista influence continues to extend among us, especially around the need to organize from below with other movements and the importance of pushing an alternative to the industrial model of agriculture that threatens our planet.”
Intellectuals Weigh In
Fernanda Navarro, doctor in Philosophy who has followed the Zapatista movement since 1994, spoke at the afternoon panel the last day of the seminar. She told Desinformémonos that the main challenges facing the Zapatistas “are to continue to build autonomy, strengthening themselves and to prove that bad governments and corruption and violence cannot uproot the seeds that have been planted and what is growing in the Chiapan mountains.”
The Zapatista movement “was a totally new political phenomenon that broke the mold and that's why it has become a point of reference for many movements for social justice for women, small farmers, workers, people who live on the margins, due to their innovative ways of existing that broke with class Marxism,” Sylvia Marcos, professor and researcher on gender issues, told Desinformémonos.
Julieta Paredes, of the Bolivian organization Women Creating Community condemned the way in which social movements usually see women as “just another sector” and women's issues “as just one among many issues of the left.”
“But women are half of all sectors and half of all issues, and community feminism-a category of analysis that represents the movement she forms part of–locates patriarchy as a system that articulates all oppressions, historically built on the oppression of women. In this sense through the defeat of patriarchy, “the community can encompass the entire social body to be able to build relationships of freedom.”
Pablo Gonzalez Casanova, a prominent Mexican intellectual, was unable to attend but sent a message to the seminar stating, “Just consider the immense mobilization of the indignados and the Occupy movement that struggle for the another possible world… There has never been a [mobilization] of this magnitude, and the mobilization began in the jungles of Chiapas with the principles of inclusion and dialogue.” Gonzalez Casanova added “increasingly throughout the world people are struggling for what in 1994 seemed only ‘a post-modern indigenous rebellion.'”
Marcela Salas Cassani writes for Desinformemonos.org, an “autonomous, global communications project” and sister organization to the Americas Program, that covers grassroots movements throughout the world and the ideas and aspirations behind them. Its team has been in San Cristobal de las Casas, Chiapas reporting on an international seminar there to commemorate and reflect on the 18th anniversary of the Zapatista uprising.
I don't have the cleanest record when it comes to criminality. But at least I never killed anyone. To be honest, I did't have much knowledge of “The Skeptic Feminist,” which is the moniker of Aleksandr Kolpakov. Mr. Kolpakov hosted a debate between Carl “Sargon of Akkad” Benjamin and Kristi Winters, which I think is the only time I've ever seen him in my life…before today, that is.
Apparently, from what I can gather, Aleksandr has some kind of polyandrous relationship going on with two females. One goes by the name of Homicidal Harley and the other goes by Ivy. Apparently, he shot and killed the Ivy portion of the female duo, at least according to police. She's named as Heather Anable in The Denver Post and worked as a “massage therapist.”
It looks like “Harley's” parents might have had the right idea, in retrospect.
Who could have seen this setup going off the rails. Looks perfectly normal to me. pic.twitter.com/3xHIwJrXxL — Ethan Ralph (@TheRalphRetort) May 15, 2017
It's important to note that Mr. Kolpakov is entitled to the presumption of innocence. But it's not looking good.
Denver Post
Aleksandr Kolpakov, of Clifton, is being held at the county's jail on suspicion of second-degree murder. The shooting happened about 9:30 p.m. on the 3200 block of 1/2 Lombardy Lane where deputies, called out on reports of several gunshots, found the woman dead outside of a home. Kolpakov was taken into custody… Mesa County's coroner has identified the 31-year-old woman shot dead in Clifton Saturday night. Aleksandr Kolpakov is being held on a murder charge in connection with the case. Heather Anable died of gunshot wounds to her neck and chest, authorities say. Her death has been ruled a homicide.
Ok Folks Harley here. I'm asking trying to be nice. Yes, things are bad, but its our business. We'll you keep informed as we feel nessary — The Skeptic Feminist (@SkepticFeminist) May 15, 2017
Is this just the latest case of male feminists going off the rails? It appears to be, at least to this set of eyes. Perhaps Kolpakov was not content with merely sexually assaulting women, like many of his male feminist “allies,” so he decided to go ahead and level up by killing one. I'm sure it will all come out in the ensuing court case. Judging by the details we've seen so far, this guy might be better off copping a plea. Unless of course this woman assaulted him in some then, but then again, he's a feminist. I'm sure he will just listen and believe himself all the way to state prison.
UPDATE: Mr. Kolpakov was recently teaching local youths about becoming “Bullyproof.” Then again, I suppose a 9 millimeter does help one become immune to bullying.
He also mentioned a possible “extermination” by Russian President Vladimir Putin. Kolpakov seems to have had extermination on the brain recently, if reports from police are to be believed.
Shame is a terrible emotion to write about.
It's why I never wrote a blog about our race at Mosport. That's the most embarrassed I've ever been in my racing career. We aimed for that race. We got a new (old KHI) truck prepared specifically for that race. We ran our good motor. We leased a transmission.
We were awful.
We missed first practice because we couldn't get the truck fired up. Then it wouldn't hold water pressure. It vibrated so hard it rattled the gauges out of the dashboard. It picked the front tires off the ground during cornering. We blew a rear end line and oiled down the track. I stunk. I felt like I never got a handle on hard braking or running a consistent line around the place. We qualified 28th. I pulled it off track after two laps because it felt like it was about to come apart. The pit crew we had lined up wasn't allowed to participate. On top of all that, I got us torn up. I put us into side-by-side situations that we didn't have to be in and made a crappy day a whole lot worse.
It was a disaster.
Mosport was the third race in a row where we left the track with damage. Chicagoland was the fourth. New Hampshire made five. We own four trucks, and all of them are wrecked. Two of them require complete body replacements. For a small team, that's worst-case scenario. It's hard for our guys to keep our trucks properly serviced and prepared when they're off at the body shop. You can't work on something that's not there.
We weren't great during practice or qualifying at Chicago. Our first lap on track was the fastest lap of both practice sessions – and it was an ugly lap. We bottomed out so hard that it sheared the truck arm mount 1/8th of an inch. Our truck struggled to get through the bumps on both ends of the racetrack. Our qualifying lap was two-tenths slower than our practice lap. It didn't make any sense.
My dad was upset. He had a good right to be. We were running our ECR Engine, yet we got out-qualified by a few old-style SB2 motors. It was frustrating. We've done things to try to improve our performance on track in the hopes of attracting some new sponsors to our race team, and it seems like we don't have anything to show for it.
When the race started, we were tight. In the middle of the race, we were even tighter. But, we managed to stay on the lead lap. We kept working on it. Kevin never got upset when I kept telling him how awful it was, he just put his head down and came up with ways to fix it. We dodged a big wreck late in the race, and the race got red flagged. We wanted to pit, but we were out of tires. Almost as if they were sent from heaven above, one of the crashed trucks offered us a set of 3 lap scuffed tires for a good price, and we jumped all over it. Good thing we did. After we made our stop, we discovered an inch-long gash in a tire from running through the debris of the accident.
We were in a good spot - inside the top 20, on the lead lap, with fresh tires and less than 30 laps to go. Our truck was GREAT on the short run. We took off on restarts as well as any truck in the field. I was able to weave my way up inside the top 15 before we got another caution with around 20 to go. I was excited.
On that restart, we took off again. As everyone began to spread out, I found myself in a battle with the #71 Josh Berry & the #51 Daniel Suarez. We were racing hard. As hard as I've raced all year. I could tell Daniel was getting a little frustrated with us, but I didn't care. I felt like we were faster. We had fresher tires. We were running faster times than 2 of the trucks in front of us. I wanted more. I wanted to clear him and get to work on chasing them down.
Daniel got a run on us down the front stretch. I was about one groove down from the wall, and as I checked my mirror, I could see he was gaining on us. I moved up the track to arc my way into turn 1, and Daniel kept his foot in it and hit us. I got pretty sideways. We were already going into the corner faster than we had all day. As I tried to gather it up, I think Daniel got loose underneath us and hit us again. I shot up the track and into the outside wall.
I immediately regretted what I had done. I said over the radio that I should've known better than to race him hard. I know Daniel Suarez doesn't give a crap about truck races. He thought I was holding him up. He thought I cut him off. So he hit us. He hit us bad enough that another driver messaged me after the race to ask if Daniel had apologized for it. He hasn't. I don't expect him to.
My spotter, Toby, went looking for Daniel's spotter. When he asked him what happened, Daniel's guy said, “That's what he gets for being a lap down and holding us up.” Obviously, we were on the lead lap battling for position. I guess the big teams just assume we're bad and race us like they're mad we're putting up a fight.
He wrecked us on purpose. No doubt about it.
I've had a hard time carrying the emotional weight of this season. I'm tired. Earlier this year I was angry. Bitter at how bad our luck was and how we could never catch a break. Now I'm exhausted. Depressed. After the wreck, I sat by the truck in the garage for a while. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. Several people came up to me and asked if I was alright. I wasn't alright. A week and a half later I'm still not alright.
Why do we continually get punished for doing something I love?
The thing that gives me more joy than anything in the world has been a burden on us for nearly eight years now – both emotionally & financially. I can't remember the last time I left a racetrack feeling happy. I can't begin to tell you how many emails we've sent to sponsors only to hear nothing back. Or how many people have told us they were interested only to go cold and never return a phone call. How many people we've hired to find sponsors who have only taken our money and given us nothing in return. How many times we've been told how much better things will be when we make a change, or buy a motor, or hire a new person, only to show up to the racetrack and have things go the same way.
I long for the day that justifies it all. That one moment where we finish in the top 10, or the top 5, or in victory lane and we can finally have some relief. A moment where someone comes up and talks to me about what a great job I've done on track instead of about something I've written in this blog. Talladega in 2014 was the last time we had a moment like that. All we did was finish 14th. No one cared except us, and that was okay.
I'm not angry at Daniel Suarez for wrecking us. I'm jealous of him. He gets to do something I've never been able to do in my whole life. He's allowed to race with absolutely no consequences. If he tore up a racecar every single week, it wouldn't matter. He thought I was holding him up, so he moved me out of the way. Simple. I've never been able to do that. My whole life has been race as hard as you can -- but please don't tear anything up. I've failed miserably lately, and our team is suffering because of it.
He gets to race for wins. I race for top 20's. He gets interviewed every time he walks down pit road. We haven't been interviewed on television all season (big shout to Clair B. Lang for having me on her show a few times and talking to me at the racetrack; it means a lot). Every time Daniel shows up at a NASCAR race he thinks he's got a shot to win the race. I haven't been able to say that outside of Daytona & Talladega since my ASA days in 2009. At times, I've wondered if I even know how to win a race. If I ever had the opportunity, would I be able to capitalize on it? When you struggle seemingly every single time you show up to a racetrack for eight long years, you start to question your abilities.
Daniel Suarez gets to be a racecar driver.
A racecar driver doesn't concede a position inside the top-15 with less than 20 laps to go in a race. I can guarantee Daniel Suarez has never been told to allow someone to pass him because they're racing him hard at the end of a race. But that's what my spotter, owner, and crew chief all thought I should've done. Moved over. Let him go.
Screw that.
That's revisionist history, and I'm not going to listen to it. Of course it would've been better not to tear our truck up. That's easy to say after it happens. The only time I get any relief is when I'm in that truck. That's the only time I truly get to be stress-free. I don't have to worry about tires or damage or expenses. All I have to do is drive as fast as I possibly can. It's the only release I have.
So I'm not going to apologize for doing the one damn thing I've been trying to do all year: be competitive. We've struggled and scratched and clawed to get to the point where we can run in the top 20 and top 15 on a regular basis, and now that we're here I'm just supposed to move over and let people pass me at the end of a race so we don't risk tearing anything up?
If we want to take that approach, then we're doing it wrong. We need to sell our good motor and only run SB2's. Who cares where you qualify? We can just ride around and never race anyone and see where we wind up at the end of the race. We don't ever need to hire a fast pit crew. Who cares if you pick up any spots on pit road? We don't ever need to buy good tires. Lap times don't matter when you're planning on running around in the back anyway.
The polite way of putting all that is “managing the race.” Norm Benning made it famous in the truck series. Norm wasn't there to race anyone. Norm was there to get paid. The only way to make money in our series is to drastically limit expenses & exposure to accidents. Norm made a living doing it -- until this year. The competition level in the truck series is as high as it's ever been. So, we've had to step our program up much more than we originally planned just to give ourselves an opportunity for top-20 finishes. Of course, when you race, you make yourself vulnerable.
We tried to manage our race at New Hampshire, but we got some right front damage by colliding with Ryan Truex when Cole Custer spun up in front of us. Everything got bottled up, and we had nowhere to go. I tried my best to stay off of him, but I don't think there was much I could've done. It wasn't serious, but it still cost around a thousand bucks to fix. It's the exact reason we considered starting and parking the race. But when it came down to it, we couldn't.
That's not why we're out here. We're out here to race.
My dad and I had a long talk in New Hampshire about how much we've spent this year and how much more we think it's going to cost to make it through the end of the season. We're over budget. When you tear this much stuff up in a year, there's no way to avoid that. But he spent most of his time telling me how proud he was of me for the job I've done this year, and that no matter what happens, Martins Motorsports is going to make it through this season.
I didn't show it at the time, but that had a profound emotional impact on me.
My family has overextended themselves to finance my career. The son in me feels a tremendous amount of guilt for that. But the racecar driver in me can't worry about crashing when I show up to a racetrack. I've allowed my shame & guilt to seep into other parts of my life as well, and I'm tired of feeling so beleaguered while getting to live out a lifelong dream. My family is tired, too.
We all have to make peace with the fact that this season, and my whole racing career, might never get that shining, justifying moment.
Even if it doesn't, it won't be in vain. Yes, racing has been incredibly stressful, but it's also a blessing to have something this big that we can share together. My dad doesn't love racing. He loves me. And because of that, he's tried to do everything he can do to give me an opportunity to do something that I love to do. It gives me tremendous joy to go out and compete at a high level against some of the best drivers in the world, and my mother and father take joy in being able to see me do it.
That's enough for me now.
I've finally realized why I write this blog. It's not for media coverage. It's not for fans. It's not to complain about NASCAR, or another driver, or a lack of funding. It's the only way I know to tell our story: the story of my family, my team, and I'm going through this amazing journey, together. If I didn't tell it, no one would. And if this is all I ever get to do in this sport, then I don't want to forget a single thing. Not one result, good or bad. Not one emotion, painful or positive.
It's our story. And it's not over just yet
