James D. Watson's fetched $4.76 million in 2014, setting a record. William Faulkner's failed to sell in 2013, after bidding stalled out at $425,000, short of the minimum.
Image John F. Nash Jr., whose life inspired “A Beautiful Mind.” He died in a car accident last year, at age 86. Credit Robert P. Matthews/Princeton University, via Getty Images
Now, the Nobel Prize medal belonging to the mathematician John F. Nash, awarded in recognition of his fundamental contributions to game theory, is set to be auctioned at Sotheby's in New York on Oct. 17. It carries an estimate of $2.5 to $4 million, which if reached will cement the apparent dominance — for now? — of scientists over literary types in the rarefied market for some of the world's most difficult-to-acquire gold jewelry.
Mr. Nash, whose life inspired the movie “A Beautiful Mind,” won the Nobel Prize for economics in 1994, at a time when he was unemployed, after years of struggling with mental illness. The prize, he later said, “had a tremendous impact on my life, more than on the life of most prize winners.” (He died in a car accident last year, at age 86.)
Mr. Nash's medal, which is being offered in its original red leather case, is only one of about a dozen Nobel medals known to have been sold at auction in the past few years, according to Sotheby's, as part of a boomlet sometimes attributed to $2.2 million price fetched in 2012 by the medal awarded to Francis Crick, who is among the discoverers with Mr. Watson of the double-helix structure of DNA. Scientists are not the only one to break $1 million: The 1936 Nobel Peace Prize medal awarded in 1936 to Carlos Saavedra Lamas, a former foreign minister of Argentina, sold for $1.1 million in 2014.
PHOENIX (CN) – Arizona public school teachers want to bring down a new state law that they say would unconstitutionally let students use taxpayer funds to pay for tuition at religious and private schools.
Passed earlier this year, Senate Bill 1553 “authorizes the Department of Education to disburse public funds as ‘scholarships,” according to the lawsuit filed in Maricopa County Court. For a student to receive a scholarship under the law, “the student's parent must promise not to enroll the qualified student in a school district or charter school, and to release the school district from all obligations to educate the qualified student,” according to the lawsuit.
Sharon Niehaus, a parent and member of a Pima County school board, filed the complaint alongside the Arizona Education Association, with the Arizona School Boards Association and the Arizona Association of School Business Officials.
They say S.B. 1553 violates the aid clause in the Arizona Constitution, which provides, “No tax shall be laid of appropriation of public money made in aid of any church, or private or sectarian school, or any public service corporation.”
It also allegedly violates the religion clause in the state Constitution, which says, “No public money … shall be appropriated for or applied to any religious worship, exercise, or instruction”
The educators and board members claim that S.B. 1553 “is also invalid because it conditions the availability of a public benefit on a waiver of constitutional rights,” and such waivers are “prohibited for reasons of public policy.”
The plaintiffs seek an injunction stopping Arizona Superintendent of Public Instruction John Huppenthal from “permitting any disbursements of public funds pursuant to the authority of S.B. 1533.” They are represented by Donald Peters of LaSota & Peters.
Like this: Like Loading...
Ryan Ballogg
One morning in 2012, friends Andrew Buckenham and Lucas Rizor were about to head out to get supplies for their homebrewing operation. It had rained the night before, and one window was ajar in Buckenham's truck; he warned Rizor, “Don't sit there — you'll get a soggy bottom!”
A few miles down the road, Rizor thought out loud, “Hey, that wouldn't be a bad name for a brewery.” That's how Soggy Bottom Brewing Co., set to be a new addition to Dunedin's craft beer community in the coming year at 660 Main St., was born.
Rizor did wind up with a soggy bottom that day, but it was worth finding a name for their passion project. He, Buckenham and their pal Cary Lamb got to know each other while bartending around town. They discovered their common interest in brewing beer, which led them to start tinkering with recipes at home.
Their beer quickly won the admiration of friends, family and neighbors. Once, Buckenham came home from a long day of work expecting to relax with a glass of home brew only to find that the neighbors had drank it all with his wife. It was an informal stamp of approval on their beer.
When the trio decided to make a go at opening a brewery, they considered a few locations in north Pinellas. But with 30 years of combined bartending experience — almost all of it downtown — the friends opted to stay where their regulars are in Dunedin, which provides a built-in crowd that's used to seeing them behind the bar.
According to Buckenham, coming from a bartending background and working with liquor has definitely influenced the way they approach beer. Most of all, they're constantly thinking about how to please people with a wide variety of tastes and preferences.
Ryan BalloggDetermining what to brew is a collaborative process with the Soggy Bottom boys: The three friends sit down and hash out what they're interested in trying. Then Rizor, Soggy Bottom's head brewer, draws up the recipe and figures out how to make the draft materialize, while Buckenham and Lamb supply the elbow grease.
“Ninety percent of brewing is cleaning and manual labor,” Buckenham said.
The trio has five signatures they'll launch with — a toasted coconut porter, blackberry hefeweizen, amber ale, black IPA and honey Kölsch-style ale. Four other taps will feature wine, one will be dedicated to cider and 14 more have guest brews planned. Eventually, Soggy Bottom aims to fill each guest tap with its own beer.
Some of the brewery's recipes also play on the sensibilities of mixed drinks. Buckenham said he hopes they can convert some folks that normally wouldn't try beer.
“People are surprised about the flavors that you can execute in a beer,” he said.
Soggy Bottom could mark the sixth brewery for downtown Dunedin, joining the likes of Dunedin Brewery, 7venth Sun Brewery, Dunedin House of Beer, Woodwright Brewing Co. and Cueni Brewing Co. Another new operation, Caledonia Brewing, is nearing completion at 587 Main St., the former home of Dunedin Printing Company, too. Buckenham said everyone's been awesome in welcoming them to the community, offering any support they needed throughout the hurdles of opening.
Next to Serendipity Café, Buckenham, Lamb and Rizor started leasing the future home of Soggy Bottom in May 2016. It was previously a location for Richard's Foodporium, a Florida chain of health food stores. After some renovations and a change in décor, the brewery is just about ready for an opening in early 2017, pending several licenses.
Soggy Bottom will have a Prohibition, post-Depression theme, adding warmth and character to the industrial elements of the brewery.
Ryan Ballogg
There's an insane amount of technology behind this stunt — 10 years in the making, according to the company's founder. (He's a veteran of Apple's original QuickTime team and Microsoft's WebTV and Xbox teams.) OnLive Desktop builds on the company's original business, a service that lets gamers play high-horsepower video games on Macs or low-powered Windows computers like netbooks.
The free version of the OnLive Desktop service arrived in January. It gives you Word, Excel and PowerPoint, a few basic Windows apps (like Paint, Media Player, Notepad and Calculator), and 2 gigabytes of storage.
Plenty of apps give you stripped-down versions of Office on the iPad. But OnLive Desktop gives you the complete Windows Office suite. In Word, you can do fancy stuff like tracking changes and high-end typography. In PowerPoint, you can make slide shows that the iPad projects with all of the cross-fades, zooms and animations intact.
Thanks to Microsoft's own Touch Pack add-on, all of this works with touch-screen gestures. You can pinch and spread two fingers to zoom in and out of your Office documents. You can use Windows' impressive handwriting recognition to enter text (although a Bluetooth keyboard works better). You can flick to scroll through a list.
Photo
Instead of clicking the mouse on things, you can simply tap, although a stylus works better than a fingertip; many of the Windows controls are too tiny for a finger to tap precisely. (On a real Windows PC, you could open the Control Panel to enlarge the controls for touch use — but OnLive's simulated PC is lacking the Control Panel, which is one of its few downsides.)
OnLive Desktop is seamless and fairly amazing. And fast; on what other PC does Word open in one second?
But the only way to get files onto and off OnLive Desktop is using a Documents folder on the desktop. To access it, you have to visit OnLive's Web site on your actual PC.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The news today is the new service, called OnLive Desktop Plus. It's not free — it costs $5 a month — but it adds Adobe Reader, Internet Explorer and a 1-gigabit-a-second Internet connection.
That's not a typo. And “1-gigabit Internet” means the fastest connection you've ever used in your life — on your iPad. It means speeds 500 or 1,000 times as fast as what you probably get at home. It means downloading a 20-megabyte file before your finger lifts from the glass.
You get the same speed in both directions. You can upload a 30-megabyte file in one second.
And remember, you're using a state-of-the-art Windows computer, so you can play any kind of video you might encounter online. OnLive Desktop Plus turns the iPad from a tablet that can't play Flash videos at all — into the smoothest Flash player you've ever used. And yes, that includes watching free TV at Hulu.com, which you can't otherwise do on the iPad.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Plus version's Internet connection makes a world of difference. Now you can use DropBox to get files onto and off your iPad from other gadgets, like Macs and PCs. (That, the company says, is why the Plus service still offers only 2 gigabytes of storage for your files; it figures you've now got the whole Internet as your storage bin.) You can get to your Gmail, Yahoo mail, corporate Exchange mail and other online accounts — with ridiculously quick response.
Now, you might be wondering: What good is a 1-gigabit connection on OnLive's end, if the far slower connection on my end is the bottleneck?
The secret is that OnLive isn't sending you all of the data from your Web browsing session. It's sending you only a video stream the size of your iPad screen. For example, if you're playing a hi-def video, OnLive pares down the data to just what your iPad can show. If you scroll a video off the screen, OnLive doesn't bother sending you its data. And so on.
Photo
OnLive (free) and OnLive Plus ($5 a month) are both brilliantly executed steps forward into the long-promised world of “thin client” computing, in which we can use cheap, low-powered computers to run programs that live online. But the company's next plans are even more exciting.
For example, the company intends to develop a third service, called OnLive Pro ($10 a month), that will let you run any Windows programs you want. Photoshop, Firefox, Autodesk, games — whatever.
The company still isn't sure how that will work; somehow, you'll have to prove that you actually own the software you're running on its servers. But what a day that will be, when you can run any Windows program on earth on your iPad.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And not just on your iPad. The company is also working on bringing OnLive to Android tablets, iPhones and iPod Touches, Macs and PCs, and even to TV sets. (That last trick would require a small set-top box.)
Suddenly Mac fans will have the full world of Windows and all of its programs — without the speed and memory penalties of programs like Parallels and VMWare. And nobody will have to worry about viruses, spyware or software updates; OnLive's virtual PCs are always pristine.
This is all so crazy cool, it seems almost ungrateful to point out the flaws — but here goes.
The delay between finger touch and on-screen response is usually tiny. But when you paint or use the handwriting recognition, the lag is painful.
Since you're actually viewing a video stream, you sometimes see typical video stream glitches like low-resolution text blocks that quickly clear up.
OnLive says that its service works great over 4G cellular connections (like the one provided by an LTE MiFi) — but 3G connections and feeble hotel Wi-Fi hot spots are too slow to be satisfying. OnLive wants at least a 2-megabits-a-second connection on your end.
Finally, you have to sign in to OnLive every time you want to use it, even if you've just flicked away to another iPad app. (OnLive says it'll fix that.)
Even so, if ever there were a poster child for the potential of cloud computing, OnLive is it. This is jaw-dropping, extremely polished technology. It opens up a universe of software and horsepower that live far beyond the iPad's wildest dreams — with no more effort on your part than a few taps on glass.
The latest video against Planned Parenthood has surfaced, this time exposing the confiscation of baby parts without the mother's consent. A normal commentator might choose to highlight the fact that Planned Parenthood's denial of a mother's choice over her baby's remains betrays the foundation of the “pro-choice” movement. However, Meg Mott of the Huffington Post decided to lament the fact that these videos have transformed the discourse of abortion from a debate about women's rights into a “ghoulish spectacle.”
Mott, a "gender studies" professor, begins her lament by pining for the days of Roe v. Wade when “protecting women's reproductive rights was understood as a means to ensure women's equality.” Mott claimed that the once reasonable discourse between the pro-life and pro-abortion factions has been silenced by a “spectacle” in which,
On the one side, there is the unprotected fetus, abandoned by its host. On the other side, there is a merciless corporation, trafficking in human flesh. It's no wonder that Democratic presidential candidates are not running to Planned Parenthood's defense. The sting video sets a stage on which no arguments can be made.
Apparently, Mott couldn't bother with a quick Google search. Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders had come out in defense of Planned Parenthood, saying, “I think a lot of this attack…comes from people who simply do not believe that a woman should have a right to control her own body. That's the motive."
In any case, who or what, according to Mott is responsible for this attack on this supposed reasonable argument for abortion?
No, it's not morality. It's not the pro-life movement. It's Neoliberalism.
“A key component of this theory is that…[t]here is no recognition of social groups requiring special laws to ensure their participation in the public sphere.…Without groups as a recognizable political category, there are no arguments to be made for access to abortion or, for that matter, affirmative action programs...the poor and disenfranchised are merely a random set of actors who must have made poor choices. Just like the pregnant mother working two jobs to take care of her three kids, these random individuals only have themselves to blame…What had been a public matter, worthy of passionate and reasonable deliberation, has been reduced to a private concern in an uncaring market… If you find yourself with an unwanted pregnancy, you lose.”
Mott has apparently not looked out her window since 1973. She seems ignorant of the fact that the pro-life movement has primarily used moral, rather than economic arguments to make their case against abortion. Finally, there were groups, such as the Catholic Church, who were vocal critics of abortion long before this supposed “neo-liberal” revolution.
Mott then goes into a defensive rant about the real menaces to our society:
What's striking about the most recent video is that the "sting" involves making Planned Parenthood fit the bill of a ghoulish profit-driven corporation, as if no other U.S. corporation trades in human misery. In fact, the real ghouls behind the scene are the policymakers…who have defunded Head Start, public transportation, Section 8 housing, and have held up precarious jobs in the fast food industry as meaningful work for parents. The real traffickers in human misery are the state legislatures who put fathers in jail for drug crimes and who reduce the political participation of a large portion of the population through felony disenfranchisement. Rather than eliminate the conditions that make many abortions necessary, neoliberal policies have intensified those very conditions and then blamed pregnant women and abortion providers for being too profit-driven.”
Naturally, she never considers the fact that if Planned Parenthood never confiscated baby parts and sold them like products, there would be no sting videos to begin with. If there is anything that makes them appear “ghoulish” it's their own actions.
Exactly how do fast-food jobs, poor public transportation, drug law enforcement and lack of ballot box participation necessitate the extinguishing of human life via abortion? How many have got an abortion because of voter suppression? How could you possibly know if they did?
Finally, Mott closes her rant by lamenting:
Right now the only category of people recognized under neoliberalism is the group known as fetuses. It says something about the state of our politics that the only recognizable category is composed of proto-beings, beings who cannot act and therefore cannot be held responsible for their failures. The only social group worthy of protection is the one which cannot rebel against inhumane policies.
If Planned Parenthood is looking for a defender in the press, they might want to reject Mott's audition. It does little to put a happy face on their actions.
By Damian Baalmann, M.D.
Written by Damian Baalmann, M.D. and reviewed by Dustin Leigh, M.D.
A 49 year-old, previously healthy female presents to your emergency department with chief complaint of a boil on her left thigh. Otherwise, the patient denies any fevers, chills, systemic symptoms. The patient first noted this boil 3 days ago and it has since grown in size and is painful to touch. Vitals reveal that she is normotensive, not tachycardic, afebrile and satting well on room air. Exam reveals 4-cm tender, fluctuant, erythematous nodule on the lateral aspect of the mid left thigh. No apparent overlying cellulitis or lymphadenopathy and the rest of the physical exam is within normal limits. Quick look with bedside ultrasound confirms your suspicion of a non-loculated, cutaneous, drainable abscess. Your nursing staff has kindly already brought lidocaine/epinephrine, a scalpel, 25-gaugle needle, syringe, normal saline, and for some reason, packing supplies to the bedside.
To Pack or Not To Pack
Abscesses are the most common dermatological conditions managed by emergency physicians. [1] Treatment of an abscess is drainage and may involve irrigation, primary versus secondary closure, and antibiotic treatment. The intricacies of the techniques (large incision vs small incision), irrigation, closure, and antibiotic treatment are generally case dependent and not supported with robust literature and will not be discussed in this post. The topic of this post is whether to pack or not to pack cutaneous abscesses. Historically, cutaneous abscesses have been packed sterilely with wicks to promote epithelial lining of the abscess cavity and to prevent entrapment of the bacteria in the abscess. Typically, the patient would then be instructed to return to the emergency department for repacking or sent home with packing materials to self-pack until the wound has healed.
It has been argued that there is no evidence-based science behind packing of cutaneous abscesses that have been incised and drained. Because of this lack of evidence, two randomized controlled trials have somewhat recently been performed.
O'Malley et al. performed a RCT of 48 patients in 2009. All 48 patients had abscesses <5-cm and were incised, drained, had loculations broke-up, and washed as per provider discretion. Additionally all patients were given antibiotics and pain medicine. Twenty-three of these patients were assigned to a packing group whose abscesses were packed with iodoform gauze and 25 patients to a non-packing group whose abscesses were covered with sterile gauze and tape. Primary outcome was need for intervention at return visit 48-hours after enrollment and there was no significant difference between the groups. Secondary outcomes included pain scores pre-procedure, post-procedure, and 48 hours post-procedure. While there was no significant difference in pre-procedure pain, there was significantly higher pain in the packed group in both the post-procedure and 48 hour post-procedure groups. Additionally, the packed group took on average 2.19 more Percocet pills (p=0.03) than their non-packed counterparts. [2]
Kessler et al. performed a RCT of 57 pediatric and adult patients (average age: 18y/o) in 2012. In this study, patients underwent I&D in a somewhat standardized fashion and 29 patients were randomized into a packing group and 28 were randomized to non-packing. Some were lost to follow-up, but the rest were re-evaluated at 48 hours, 1 week, and 1 month. Failure rates at 48 hours were high in both groups (70% in the packed group and 59% in the non-packed group) but were not significantly different. There was also no significant difference in need for interventions, reoccurrence of abscesses, pain differences, and return to the emergency department. [3]
In 2011, Schmitz et al surveyed 350 emergency medicine providers regarding abscesses and found that 91% of these providers still packed abscesses following I&D. [4]
Upon our review of the current literature we found insufficient evidence to support routine packing of subcutaneous abscess. While most studies have been small with few RTC's there does not appear to be evidence of increased recurrence of abscesses when not packed. However, multiple studies do identify increased patient discomfort. There is probably no benefit to packing cutaneous abscesses as it does not appear to prevent reoccurrence of abscesses or decreasing further intervention at follow-up. There is probably harm with packing abscesses as may be an associated increase in pain post-procedure and at 48-hour follow-up. Bottom line: do not pack cutaneous abscesses.
Case Revisited
You opt to not reach for the packing gauze on the table and send the patient out after I&D. After return instructions are given, she leaves with an understanding to return if worsening or not improving.
More Reading
Want to know more about abscesses? Check out this great review article about “Management of Skin Abscesses in the Era of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus” [5]
References
Niska, R., F. Bhuiya, and J. Xu, National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey: 2007 emergency department summary. National health statistics reports, 2010(26): p. 1-31. O'Malley, G.F., et al., Routine packing of simple cutaneous abscesses is painful and probably unnecessary. Academic emergency medicine : official journal of the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine, 2009. 16(5): p. 470-3. Kessler, D.O., A. Krantz, and M. Mojica, Randomized trial comparing wound packing to no wound packing following incision and drainage of superficial skin abscesses in the pediatric emergency department. Pediatric emergency care, 2012. 28(6): p. 514-7. Schmitz, G., et al., The treatment of cutaneous abscesses: comparison of emergency medicine providers' practice patterns. The western journal of emergency medicine, 2013. 14(1): p. 23-8. Singer, A.J. and D.A. Talan, Management of skin abscesses in the era of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. The New England journal of medicine, 2014. 370(11): p. 1039-47.
Tags: Uncategorized
Few subjects are so controversial – or at least, misunderstood- in cartography as map projections, especially if you're taking your first steps in this field. And that's simply because every flat map misrepresents the surface of the Earth in some way. So, in this matter, your work in map-mapping is basically to choose the best projection that suits your needs and reduces the distortion of the most important features you are trying to show/highlight.
But it's not because you don't have enough literature about it. There are actually a bunch of great resources and articles that will help you choose the correct projection for your map, so we decided to bring together a quick reference list.
Hope you enjoy it!
Let's start with the obvious one: The Wikipedia list of map projections, where you'll find a table with an overview of significant map projections, including those described by specific articles in Wikipedia. You should also read the main article about map projection.
Another interesting overview of available map projections is available at the U.S. Geological Survey's website. This page includes not only a visualization of the main types of projections, but also when they're suitable for use.
In our coverage of Malofiej 23, we shared the video mentioned by National Geographic's Martin Gamache during his presentation. When talking about projections, Martin showed one of the works (the “Beneath the Oceans” supplement map in the September 2012 issue of the magazine), where the team decided to use an interrupted Mollweide projection centered on the Pacific, to show each ocean as a whole with the least possible distortion. Since this projection is not as common as, for example, Mercator, they also produced this video explainer that helped readers to explore it.
Ben Jones wrote this article on Tableau's blog about the topic, and Maps Mania's Keir Clarke pointed us to the Eight Projections project – a series of maps of regions of the world drawn in eight different map projections. All eight projections are displayed on the same map at the same scale and with the same center, so this is an excellent way to visualize the differences.
As for a more humorous approach, we shared last year here on Visualoop this image found on Joe Hanson's excellent It's okay to be smart.
And to close…XKCD.
Hope you find these references useful, although this is far from being an exhaustive list – more like a starting point. If you go deeper in your research about map projections, and have any interestiung links to add, just let us know on Twitter (@visualoop).
And if you want to stay up to date with the latest interactive maps don't miss our weekly round up, published every Wednesday – we also have this Pinterest board, with thousands of examples.
In an ideal world, people would be as obsessed about their oral hygiene as they are with, say, texting. But with the understanding that many aren't, a startup has developed a special toothbrush that it claims gives your mouth a deep clean feeling in six seconds flat.
Related Content You Can Still Buy Pig-Hair Toothbrushes
As advanced as it sounds, Blizzident's unique brush design manages somehow to be both high-tech and conventional. For instance, creating the toothbrush involves getting a standard impression of your teeth taken by a dentist and having it sent to a special lab where it can be translated into a digital visualization known as a 3-D scan. These specs are then uploaded to the company's website and used as a blueprint to produce a customized 3-D printed toothbrush.
Once the high-tech part of the process is completed, what you're left with is a simple one-piece tool that resembles a mouth-guard lined with dense rows of strategically-placed bristles. “Brushing” requires nothing more than simply inserting it over your teeth and biting down and releasing roughly ten times, which takes a total of six seconds. And since the bristles are specifically designed to reach each and every crevice and curvature all at once, the company claims their product can prevent common errors like missing spots or brushing too far above or below the gumline. The approach is not unlike putting a car through a motorized car wash to save time instead of manually scrubbing from front to end with a rag.
Oh, if only everything in life were this easy right? Well, not so fast. Some dental professionals have sounded the skepticism bell over some of the company's claims. Dr. Mark S. Wolff, an associate dean at the New York University College of Dentistry, told ABC News that while the Blizzident was “a novel idea,” it would require additional evidence to demonstrate effectiveness over the long run, especially considering that it takes about two minutes for the fluoride in toothpaste to be effective.
Meanwhile, British Dental Association scientific advisor Damien Walmsley warns that cleaning your teeth in this unique manner may not be entirely safe. “It's not what you use, it's how you brush, it's your technique,” he told the BBC. “It needs to be checked that it's completely safe.”
Chris Martin, a spokesman for Blizzident, told Smithsonian.com that while there hasn't been any published studies conducted on the device, the company knows of “several universities” and “hundreds of independent dentists and dental hygiene experts” that plan on testing Blizzident's overall effectiveness.
For those who find the principles sound enough to be persuaded to at least give Blizzident a try, the company is selling the product through their website for $299. Though the asking price is quite steep, Martin points out that each toothbrush is comprised of the same high-quality source material used in implantable medical devices, and it's good for an entire year before the need for a replacement. Owners can also opt to replace just the bristles for $89.
“We would certainly offer the Blizzident cheaper if we could,” he said.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Construction output was up an unusually strong 6.1% in the final quarter of last year
Output from the Scottish economy rose by 0.6% during the final three months of last year, according to Scottish government figures.
The UK as a whole saw the same rate of growth in Gross Domestic Product (GDP) during that quarter.
Construction was up an unusually strong 6.1%, with production up 1% and the dominant service sector flat.
Two-thirds of the increase was explained by the construction sector's boost.
The rest was explained by production, which includes manufacturing.
Output rose by 2.8% between the end of 2013 and the end of 2014, while in the UK, the equivalent figure was up 3.1%.
Comparing the whole of 2014 with 2013, construction was up 13%, production up only 1% and the service sector by 2.3%.
The quarterly output figures were the first to adapt to a new method of measuring growth, which takes account of a wider range of factors including research and development, and illegal drugs and prostitution.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption One-third of the increase in output was explained by production
Analysis of the figures by think-tank Fiscal Affairs Scotland emphasised the strength of construction last year, far faster than previous high-growth years of 7% to 8%.
Last year, while the value of the UK construction sector was up 7.5%, it fell in the final quarter.
The analysis also highlighted the reason for UK GDP growing faster overall was the services sector, which represents three-quarters of the economy. It grew twice as fast at the UK level (3.4%) than in Scotland (1.7%).
The full-year figures also give an opportunity to bring up to date the comparative growth rates between Scotland and the rest of the UK.
Growth rates
Fiscal Affairs Scotland points out that average annual growth since 1998 has been 1.6% in Scotland, and 2.2% in the UK as a whole.
Much of that higher growth rate is linked to a faster-growing population in England. The per capita measure for Scotland is an average of 1.2% per year. The equivalent figure for the UK as a whole (excluding offshore oil and gas) is lower than Scotland's, at 1%.
Since the peak of economic output in 2008, the Scottish economy fell and rose again, to be 2.3% higher, while the UK economy, which hit a deeper trough but has since grown back more strongly, is 5.1% bigger.
Per capita, however, Scottish output is still below the 2008 peak, by 0.7%, while the UK per capita output measure is 1.2% below its previous peak.
John McLaren, of Fiscal Affairs Scotland, said: "Scotland's economy continues to improve in terms of higher output.
"The improvement recorded in the construction sector over the past year has been remarkable but little commented upon.
"However, the relatively sluggish performance of the services sector is a concern.
"In particular, the recent stagnant performance of the business services sector is worrying as, since 2010, it has very much lead the way in terms of the recovery and it continues to do so for the UK as a whole."
Like the Tardis, Hall H of the San Diego Convention Center is a lot bigger than it first appears, and the 12th Doctor intends to fill it. In his Comic-Con debut, Peter Capaldi will be headlining BBC America's Doctor Who panel in the cavernous Hall on July 9. This year's fanboy and fangirl megafest runs July 9-12 with the preview night on July 8.
“Tales of San Diego Comic-Con are told in awe on every set around the known fantasy/sci-fi production world,” said Capaldi, a longtime Doctor Who fan. “It's become a fabled kingdom, one I am thrilled to find myself heading for. And to appear in the legendary Hall H is a further twist to the cosplay and comic madness I may never recover from.”
Joining the man who plays the 12th Doctor on the Comic-Con panel will be co-stars Jenna Coleman, who plays Clara Oswald and Michelle Gomez, who plays Missy, the female incarnation of the Doctor's enemy the Master. Head writer and EP Steven Moffat and fellow EP Brian Minchin will be there too. Moffat's appearance could indicate that there also will be a Sherlock panel this year as he runs that fan fave show too.
Doctor Who debuted back in 1963, with the first Doctor played by William Hartnell. Capaldi formallly took over as the Time Lord last year from Matt Smith, who had appeared at Comic-Con during his tenure. The new season of Doctor Who premieres in the fall with a two-part episode, “The Magician's Apprentice” and “The Witch's Familiar,” written by Moffat, produced by Peter Bennett and directed by Hettie Macdonald. Doctor Who is a BBC Cymru Wales production for BBC One and a BBC America co-production.
The appearance of the Doctor is the first major Comic-Con announcement this year, but hold on to your electronic screwdrivers and capes, because more are coming soon
A generic picture of a computer keyboard. OFFPO REUTERS/Catherine Benson
BOSTON (Reuters) - Hackers have flooded the Internet with virus-tainted spam that targets Facebook's estimated 400 million users in an effort to steal banking passwords and gather other sensitive information.
The emails tell recipients that the passwords on their Facebook accounts have been reset, urging them to click on an attachment to obtain new login credentials, according to anti-virus software maker McAfee Inc.
If the attachment is opened, it downloads several types of malicious software, including a program that steals passwords, McAfee said on Wednesday.
Hackers have long targeted Facebook users, sending them tainted messages via the social networking company's own internal email system. With this new attack, they are using regular Internet email to spread their malicious software.
Facebook could not be immediately reached for comment.
McAfee estimates that hackers sent out tens of millions of spam across Europe, the United States and Asia since the campaign began on Tuesday.
Dave Marcus, McAfee's director of malware research and communications, said that he expects the hackers will succeed in infecting millions of computers.
“With Facebook as your lure, you potentially have 400 million people that can click on the attachment. If you get 10 percent success, that's 40 million,” he said.
The email's subject line says “Facebook password reset confirmation customer support,” according to Marcus.
The AFL has told Essendon to accept the deal before it or front the commission to contest the charges and risk a harsher punishment.
Should the Bombers fail to agree to a resolution at AFL headquarters on day two of the protracted talks, the proposed sanctions — which seemed close to being settled late on Monday — would be taken off the table with the club facing more severe penalties.
Fairfax Media understands that an agreement between the AFL and Essendon chiefs appeared imminent before nightfall on Monday before senior coach James Hird refused to accept the wording of the charges against him.
With the Bombers now certain to miss the 2013 finals series, the club will also be banned from participating in rounds one and two of the 2013 national draft. The AFL will also ban the club from a selection in round one of the 2014 draft and possibly the second round.
Peruvians were pleasantly surprised, if a little bewildered, by the news that on the 8th of October they were to receive an extended weekend holiday. The reason for the impromptu vacation was the arrival of the “international community” in Lima for the IMF and World Bank's annual board of governors meeting. Peru's president, Ollanta Humala (enjoying a brief respite from an ongoing scandal involving his wife's embezzlement of state funds), encouraged Peruvians to take pride in the fact that the leaders of international finance would deign to choose Peru as the venue for their conference and suggested that it “demonstrates to the whole world, the excellent stewardship of the Peruvian economy and the secure climate in which investment can be made” under his auspices.
These comments are interesting because Peru is indeed an undeniable economic success story. If you want a casebook example of markets lifting people out of poverty, look no further than Peru. However, what Humala skipped over is the fact this transformation took place long before his presidency and also that its causes are rooted not so much in wise statecraft, but rather Peru's long and venerable tradition of state incompetency which has left it up to individuals to provide for themselves.
Fifteen years ago, the economist Hernando de Soto in his provocative book The Mystery of Capital wrote at length about the byzantine workings of Peruvian bureaucracy where registering titles to property or incorporating a business involved jumping through expensive administrative hoops and waiting not months but years for the right approvals. De Soto lamented the fact that this lack of legal recognition prevented the poor collateralizing and leveraging what were in reality quite considerable assets. However, his analysis overlooked the important question of whether, in the presence of an efficient Western-style regulatory state, ordinary Peruvians would have been able to accumulate the wealth to leverage in the first place.
It still remains — as every Peruvian and occasionally horrified western visitor knows — that Peru is a place where if you want to do something no-one, especially not the government, is going to stop you.
If you want a house, you can go to the outskirts of a city as millions of other Peruvians have done, take a piece of land and build one. If you want a business just start trading, on the street. If you want a garment factory just start one, in your house. Ditto if you want to set up a restaurant or even a school. It may be the case, as de Soto pointed out, that on paper it takes twenty-six months to officially recognize a bus route, but that did not stop enterprising individuals setting their vans or converted school buses on the road, marking out the beginnings of what are now the surprisingly efficient (if crowded) bus routes that carry passengers to almost every imaginable nook of Peru's sprawling capital, for a fraction of a dollar. The successful bus and van enterprise is a remarkable display of spontaneous order in action.
In Peru there is no need to pay a consultation fee to a gatekeeper to authorize a medical procedure: blood analyses, endoscopies, and radiograms can be purchased on the spot from an array of sole proprietor clinics. All kinds of generic drugs can be bought under the counter. If in need of some entertainment, on nearly every street you can purchase a hi-resolution pirated DVD of the latest Hollywood blockbuster.
It's not like Peruvians have never heard of regulatory permits, taxes, professional licensing, zoning laws, patent protections and so forth; they exist in a statute book somewhere, but they are largely abstract concepts, which, for most of the time can be safely ignored. Everything is for sale and barriers to entry are virtually non-existent.
The result of this serendipitous meeting of the cavalier Latin spirit with an apathetic state apparatus is a resilient civil society where low-cost privately provided health and education are available to all and people enjoy nutritional- and life-expectancy levels that sit high on the World Bank's own development indices.
However, this achievement is only inadequately recorded in GDP statistics and is certainly not being celebrated by Peru's president or the dignitaries at the World Bank. Indeed, rather than recognize informal and small enterprises as the true instantiation of free market principles, and the quintessence of liberty, the Bank quite openly decries its existence.
For the World Bank, absence of regulation automatically equates to underdevelopment. For the Bank, “development” is the attainment of specified metrics in consumption and social spending, years of state education, and implementation of legal provisions like minimum wage entitlements. The problem is that realization of these development indicators rather conveniently entails a populace in wage-labor, working for regulated businesses (corporations), where they can be taxed at the source. These taxes then are used to fund an array of social programs manned by "poverty professionals" who dedicate their efforts to finding out why everyone is strangely depressed once no-one is allowed to make a living that's not mediated by state institutions or their corporate vassals.
This unimaginative development model also does nothing to detract attention from the questionable manner in which the Bank — and more specifically its private lending arm — the International Financial Corporation (IFC), work to bring people out of poverty. Peruvians are now quite aware of just how sincere the IFC's motto of “creating opportunity where it's needed most” really is.
For instance, one flagship project to provide access to high-quality health care saw the IFC provide a $120 million loan for the construction of the palatial Clínica Delgado now sitting in the middle of Lima's exclusive Miraflores district. Lima's residents can now enjoy consultations there for around $150.
Another needy Peruvian the IFC was happy to help was Peru's richest man, Carlos Rodriguez Pastor, whose Intercorp group received $164 million dollars to expand its financial services divisions. Not to be outdone was Grupo Romero (owned by Peru's wealthiest banking family) which received $180 million to renovate two vegetable oil processing plants, and Grupo Gloria which received a $25 million loan to build a factory that would solidify their total monopoly on dairy processing in Peru.
The IFC has also extended its influence into Peru's tourist industry which attracts millions each year and provides a sizeable income to small companies, local tour operators, and indigenous communities that run it. Despite this success story, the IFC evidently thinks that there are still some Peruvians who could use a helping hand, like the plucky “Peru Holding de Turismo” group and its partner the “Orient Express” hotel chain who own and manage some of Peru's most lucrative real estate. They received a $40 million loan to refurbish a number of luxury hotels in the Cusco region, catering to precisely the kind of jet-setting international elite sitting on the board of the IFC. One can only assume that the planners at the World Bank would like Cusco to become the Latin American Davos, all part of a poverty reduction strategy to assure Peruvians bright futures in hospitality, catering, and adult entertainment.
The examples go on and on as indeed does the story which can be retold from any other country in the “developing” world. The only thing that changes are the names of the domestic elites and some of the western corporations in receipt of this lucrative form of international state patronage.
The thousands of Peruvians who turned out to protest the conference are probably right to be suspicious of the motives of the bureaucrats and directors of the international institutions whose plans (like the Trans Pacific Partnership Agreement signed at the conference) and economic models would, if realized, remove real competition, deaden entrepreneurship, and curtail their freedoms.
As the conference came to a close, the sun came out and some of the informal street vendors, who had been rounded up and pushed outside the conference area before it commenced, began making their way back. If they looked hard enough they might have recognized Christine Lagarde, Jim Yong Kim, et al., speeding away in their blacked-out government cars. One had to wonder, whether this taxpayer-funded financial elite would recognize a free-market, even if were staring them in the face.
Hey, you know how you hate Comcast but are sticking with it because you literally have no other option when it comes to broadband services that deliver downloads at a rate faster than 6Mbps? Well, Comcast thinks you're crazy because you have plenty of options for home broadband in your neighborhood, including your wireless carrier, your municipal fiber network and Google Fiber. No, I am not making this up.
Ars Technica's Jon Brodkin flags a recent filing that Comcast made with the Federal Communications Commission claiming that it needs to be allowed to buy Time Warner Cable because it just faces so much competition from everyone.
“New entrants like Google fiber, municipal providers, fixed wireless providers, and satellite broadband providers also are competing vigorously,” Comcast writes. “And well-capitalized and aggressive nationwide mobile broadband providers now offer services that provide speeds comparable to many of the fixed broadband services that consumers purchase.”
Where to start here? Well first we can point out that while Google Fiber actually is giving incumbents like Comcast and TWC some real competition, it's doing so in only three markets so far and, despite Google's ambitions to expand the service further, has shown no indication that it's ready for a nationwide launch across most major American cities.
Comcast's claims about municipal broadband providers are even more ridiculous since Comcast and its fellow big cable companies have led the charge in several states to either stop municipal fiber networks from spreading or to stop them being built at all.
And as for the idea that wireless carriers are giving Comcast a run for its money, surely Comcast knows that America's two largest wireless carriers impose data caps that slap users with hefty overage fees for going over their monthly limits, right? How is that sort of offering in any way comparable to the unlimited data that fixed wireline services offer?
Further down the spiral, Comcast claims that this robust competition makes switching ISPs incredibly easy for most customers, who are just overwhelmed by the plethora of high-quality options for home broadband service and who have no problems dumping their current providers for their competitors.
This claim is particularly rich because, as Ryan Block's infamous customer service call from hell showed this summer, many Comcast retention agents are an unholy cross of Alex Forrest in Fatal Attraction and Buffalo Bill in The Silence of the Lambs. Indeed, I'm personally scared that if I ever try to unsubscribe to Comcast, I'll wake up in a pit dug deep in someone's basement and hear an ominous voice shout at me, “It signs up for the Triple Play or else it gets the hose today!”
What this all adds up to is that Comcast thinks very little of the FCC's intelligence if it believes these sorts of arguments will be accepted as legitimate reasons to sign off on its proposed TWC merger. Let's just hope the FCC proves the cable industry wrong and is much brighter than it's being given credit for.
There is a peculiar set of words polluting the air in recent decades. I'm sure you've noticed, when watching TV (which is a terrible idea, but we'll get to that later) or perhaps when you were in school, or maybe in daily conversation, the use of these words, and their particular capability to bring a conversation to a screeching halt. You may have also noticed the even stranger behavior of those around you when you choose to neglect to pay the expected societal homage to these words. When you did so, did the others sputter? More commonly found, did they explode into anger, and attempt to punish you? Did they threaten the law? I had all three happen, and you may have as well. What are these words, then? What is it about them that makes people behave so strangely? Well, let's list the words off, and you'll have an idea:
The first group we have are the “isms”, varied, and growing in number daily:
racism, sexism, communism, liberalism, conservatism, satanism (this last term, satanism, now growing defunct, but was in wide use in the media as a fear tactic up through the 1990s)
Secondly, we have the “phobias”, which have taken special prominence in the media as of late, with the heavy pushing of the gay and transsexual agenda:
homophobia, islamophobia, transphobia, for example
Lastly, we have “oddball” words, which don't fit into the usual method of construction for trigger words, as they were inserted into the public conscience in earlier decades. The majority of them are related to WWII, as it so happens:
conspiracy, nazi, holocaust, hitler, bigot, antisemitic, and to a lesser extent: unamerican, unpatriotic, these last two mainly being used as a weapon in politics.
Did you feel a twinge when reading these words? Did you automatically feel discomfort when reading the word “racism”, or perhaps the name “hitler”? I certainly still do, even though I have come to recognize the presence and purpose of these words. Perhaps that is a testament to the power of this conditioning, on simple utterance of the word “racist”, we, the white population, have been conditioned to wince, to brace ourselves for impact, to numb ourselves for the inevitable browbeating we are about to receive.
It was only the day I refused to wince, refused to pull back in the face of that word, refused to offer myself up as sacrifice in the face of that word “racist”, that I realized the extent that these insidious words have been worming their way across the European conscience, leaving trails of dark slime in their wake. The conversation went something like this:
‘Oh, I'd rather not go to Africa, it isn't really interesting to me.'
‘So you're a racist!'
‘And what if I am?'
From there, the other person descended into what I can only describe as incoherent sputtering, which progressed to yet more incoherent rage, and then stunned silence, as if their brain was not able to process a lack of concern for catering to the political mantra du jour. This sort of unnatural reaction is what I then sought after, plucking out the words that were programmed in this way by testing the reactions I would garner from them.
When we look at the official definitions and histories of each term, it becomes even more clear wherein the conditioning lies. For its ubiquity, and seemingly boundless utility, let's take “racism” as our first example. Merriam-Webster gives the following definition:
“Any action, practice, or belief that reflects the racial worldview—the ideology that humans are divided into separate and exclusive biological entities called “races,” that there is a causal link between inherited physical traits and traits of personality, intellect, morality, and other cultural behavioral features, and that some “races” are innately superior to others.“
This definition is frighteningly general, simply a variety of different views tacked together into one monolith of ambiguity. It could be an action, or simply a thought you hold inside your head, that might be anything from the belief that that there exists a biological difference between the “races”, to the mere acknowledgement that, say, people from Africa tend to have darker skin.
According to this definition, if you believe that Africans have darker skin than Europeans, and that perhaps that trait is inherited genetically, you have just committed the grievous sin of racism. You may say “oh, there at the end, there is a qualifier that says ‘and that some races are innately superior to others”, but I urge you to look at the beginning of the definition, which clearly states ANY action, practice, or belief, that reflects the racial worldview, the laundry list that follows being any of its possible incarnations. If you look at other definitions, you will find much the same ambiguity, and I refer you to this wonderful documentary that does a much better job with the term “racism” than I ever could in my limited space: Racism in America Today
It is important to note how the word “racist” is used exclusively against those of European heritage today. It is perfectly acceptable to be an African supremacist, or perhaps a member of La Raza, who believes that they have the right to conquer the southern United States. Although I will not argue against their causes here, as I quite frankly don't care about them, it should be transparent to you that those groups receive no ire from those who would be most likely you call YOU a racist. Even more sinister is the history of the word, having its origin in Bolshevist Russia, by none other than Leon Trotsky himself. The author of the word speaks volumes in its own right.
Our next example is of equal importance, and far more relevance in the media as of late. If you are the type of unfortunate soul who watches the news on cable television, you may have noticed the sudden pushing of the “transgender community”. How strange, this phenomenon. 10, even 5 years ago, “transgender” was not the accepted term, “transvestite” or “tranny” was.
“Transgender” was step one in the manipulation of our perception of this issue (similar tactics were taken on the racism front, note the transition of negro > black > african american. So effectively done that the original term makes you cringe involuntarily, despite its former accepted use!) The next step was to heavily push imagery of these abominations, presenting them as normal and attractive, though we know the opposite to be true. And, the final step in the conditioning process, which we have seen happen right before our eyes, is the introduction of the “trigger word”, the “red scare” of transsexualism, so to speak: Transphobia.
A strange word, transphobia. I doubt many of us could rightfully say we fear for our lives when encountering a man in a dress, though most of us would react with disgust or mirth. “Phobia” is the suffix they choose, though, fear, you must be afraid or cowardly if you are speaking out against men in dresses. Cowardly? For feeling disgust at people subverting their most basic instincts? This is little more than a direct attack on your honor, an unjustified one, putting men in dresses as what is brave, good, and desirable, and counting on your desire to be good and brave to deliver you unto their will. It's laughable, and the onset of this new trend has been sickening. Suddenly, everyone is transgendered! They are worshipped for their supposed hardships, and congratulated for mutilating their genitalia.
First, they attacked the existence of our race, and now they attack the existence of the genders, the very glue that holds the family together, and by extension the glue that holds society together. Do not be suprised if this term gains yet more prevalence in usage, it's designed as the perfect attack against sanity, targeting all those who believe something as simple as the fact that the genders are biologically different. Madness.
Finally, we have the oddball words, which fit into neither the “ism” nor the “phobia” categories. While the WWII oriented words are the most ubiquitous in this category, here I am going to tackle the word “conspiracy”, as I see it as the most unique and insidious of the bunch. It may not carry the same gravity as “nazi” or “racist”, but it's for that very reason that this word is all the more manipulative.
What do you think of, when you read the word “conspiracy”? Perhaps unbalanced men in tin foil hats, raving about how humanoid lizards control the world? It's laughable, right? But let's look at how it's applied.
In the United States, the entire water supply is fluoridated, supposedly for the health of our teeth. Now, say you have done your own research, and come to the conclusion that fluoride is not healthy, and that you would rather not consume it yourself, so you speak out against fluoride, and perhaps find ways to consume water that is not fluoridated. What happens to those who disagree with the fluoridation of the water, though? They are called conspiracists.
Now wait, how much sense does that make? Let's take a look at the definition of the word “conspiracy”:
“an evil, unlawful, treacherous, or surreptitious plan formulated in secret by two or more persons; plot.“
Hmm, that doesn't seem a very fitting definition, does it? Plenty of other countries choose not to fluoridate their water, are they called conspiracy theorists? No. Yet go out today, and find people who disagree with fluoridation in the US water supply, and I guarantee you they will be labelled conspiracy theorists, whether or not they believe those behind the fluoridation have malicious intent.
You see, the word “conspiracy” takes the very idea of dissent against the status quo and stigmatizes it. Suddenly, instead of an interested and active participant in society and politics, you are labelled insane, for simply disagreeing with the government's stance on an issue. While you may have a legitimate concern, the conditioning associated with the word brings imagery of aliens and tin foil hats to people's minds. It becomes your word against the status quo, and with the aid of this concept, your word is worthless.
This issue is so insidious and pervasive that it may be tempting to become hopeless in the face of it. It may be tempting to think, how could I possibly fight this? They have tampered with my very language! But thankfully, while the explanation is arduous, the solution is simple. Do not give way to those who utter these words. Do not offer your brow for a beating at the first utterance of an “ism” or a “phobia”. Do not let them shut down the conversation with one silly word! Continue to argue your point in a logical fashion, and if they have an ounce of independent thought in their head, you may manage to make them aware of their own conditioning.
©2014
Advertisements
Tickets to the sold-out Grateful Dead concerts in Chicago this summer are fetching thousands of dollars online, but one member of the band played briefly for free in public on Sunday in front of a crowd of almost no one.
A video posted on Facebook shows Bill Kreutzmann, drummer and a member of the Dead since the band began in Palo Alto, California, in 1965, joining a street musician outside the Ferry Terminal Building in San Francisco.
The musician appears to be John F. King II, who's known for drumming on garbage cans and other found objects. Kreutzmann posted the clip showing himself performing "undercover" in front of a decidedly smaller crowd than the ones he'll face in Chicago.
In fact, it seems as if no one noticed at all:
Remember parking lot drum circles? I do. (And I'll still join in, undercover... even after Sunday brunches in San Francisco.) Posted by Bill Kreutzmann on Sunday, April 5, 2015
The video can also be seen here.
Here's to all the ladies rubbing up against their pillows; grinding hips into old teddy bears; laying on the couch spread eagle with their hands between their legs; riding their palms, face down on their bed; legs crossed in class gently pressing thighs against lips; silver bullet vibrators gliding across their vulvas; handle ends of old electric toothbrushes with just enough vibration pressed against clits; giant, cumbersome back massagers misused in the cover of night; fancy removable shower heads held dangerously close to the nether regions; quick rub offs in bed to help nod off; secret, quiet circles on disappointed clits next to sleeping lovers; joyously lip jigglin' in office bathroom stalls with memories of last night; frantic childhood couch arm humping; bored fingers on swollen clits; pick-me-ups between study sessions; unintentional bike seat friction; slow, sensual vulva massages in front of dirty internet searchings; good vibrations sitting on top of dryers; and all the other dirty, sexy, bored, silly, loving, gentle, secret, uninhibited, prohibited, fantastic ways we get ourselves, by ourselves, off.Love to y'all. I'll be sending out one for the boys next Monday, so stay tuned. (Check it HERE .)
Cantor made his comments to ABC
Backing off his earlier stance, House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-VA) is warning colleagues that the Treasury Department's deadline to raise the debt ceiling before a catastrophic default is the real deal. "Secretary Geithner feels August 2 is his deadline," Cantor told ABC News in an interview released on Monday. "I don't question the Secretary of the Treasury other than to say we're trying to get in place real spending reductions -- trillions of dollars of spending reductions -- if the president wants us to increase the credit limit of this country by trillions of dollars."
So here's the latest from Eric Cantor on the debt ceiling:
On the surface, you'd think this was a sign that Cantor is trying to walk back from the ledge. By accepting the proposition that what Geithner says about the debt limit is accurate, Cantor is acknowledging the fact that unless the debt limit is raised, the United States will begin defaulting on its obligations in early August, and that the economic and financial consequences of the default would be catastrophic for the U.S. economy.
But while he acknowledges this, Cantor is also saying that he doesn't care. According to him, the GOP's real objective is cutting spending—it's the President who wants to raise the debt limit. Cantor's position is that it's more important to cut spending than to raise the debt limit, and that Republicans won't do the latter without the former.
That's been the Republican position all along, and as we start to get closer to August 2, it's looking more and more like the GOP is planning to run its bluff to the wire. Democrats need to prepare for that—and need to steel their resolve to not cave in the face of Republican threats.
As Wikileaks' release of Vault 7's “Marble” was met with surprisingly little press coverage late this week, the run-off phase of presidential elections in Ecuador today may also prove decisive on whether Assange continues to receive asylum in the nation's London embassy.
Wikileaks' press release on the program alleges that Marble is used to hamper forensic investigators and anti-virus companies from attributing viruses, trojans and hacking attacks to the CIA.
The press release also emphasized that Marble was “only used for obfuscation,” giving the CIA the ability to conceal the origin of programs in malware, as opposed to containing exploits in and of itself. The documents indicate that the CIA also had the ability to create an appearance of ‘false attribution' which gives the impression that the malware was created by another country; including Russia or China. The Mirror reported that: “Marble has test examples in Chinese, Russian, Korean, Arabic and Farsi as well as English.”
Wikileaks claimed that Marble was in use at the CIA during 2016 and reached 1.0 in 2015. This raises serious questions in regards to the “Russian Hacking” narrative often proposed by representatives of the American intelligence community and in the press regarding the U.S. presidential election of 2016.
Marble was released shortly before Ecuador went to the polls to elect their next President in a run off election. Mr. Assange remains in Ecuador's London Embassy, where he has been held in de-facto captivity since August 2012 after being granted asylum by Ecuador. On April 6, 2016 the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention found that Assange's detention was unlawful. They ordered that he be released immediately and compensated by Sweden and the United Kingdom for the roles these states played in his captivity.
Conservative candidate Guillermo Lasso has promised to revoke Assange's asylum within “30 days” of election, if he is is elected. Opposing Lasso is Lenín Moreno, who has indicated he will allow Assange to remain in the Ecuadorian embassy if victorious. The race has so far been reported as very close, with some Latin American media reporting that polls lean slightly in favor of Moreno.
Although U.S. President Donald Trump has commented favorably on Wikileaks, the U.S. Department of Justice has remained silent on claims it has readied a secret indictment of Assange, which Wikileaks has referred to as “unconstitutional.”
Share this: Tweet
Print
More
India have more or less decimated the teams that have come their way in the last two years.
While India's limited-overs performance has been nothing short of brilliant, it's the impressive show in Tests that has everyone talking. With nine consecutive series wins, matching Ricky Ponting's Australia – Virat Kohli's Indian cricket team is on a high.
The question is can India continue the winning momentum overseas, starting with the South Africa tour in January.
While some are sceptical, former captains Sunil Gavaskar, Rahul Dravid and Dilip Vengsarkar are confident of a phenomenal show. The latest to join the debate is former team manager Lalchand Rajput, who feels the team has the potential to create history overseas.
“Considering the situation they (India) are in, even if they are playing home or away, they just want to win. Kohli is an aggressive captain who is not afraid to lose. It's a ruthless team,” Rajput told Hindustan Times.
Asked who could be the key men, he said although the side has players who can win a game in any situation, Kohli and Rohit Sharma's role could decide the fate of the three-Test series against the Proteas.
“Virat and Rohit are the key players. Then, you have Ajinkya Rahane and the bowling too is good.
“India have a good chance of beating the South African cricket team. This team has the potential to do wonders and make history,” Rajput, who played two Tests and four ODIs, added.
He praised Rohit, saying the Mumbai batsman had better things in store.
Rohit, who is captaining India in the three-ODI series against Sri Lanka in Kohli's absence, smashed a record third double century to guide the hosts to a series-levelling win in Mohali after the embarrassing loss in Dharamsala.
“When he (Rohit) bats, he's a treat to watch,” said Rajput.
“He was a revelation in the 2007 ICC World T20 and did well in the tri-series in Australia in 2008. Yes, he hasn't played much Test cricket, but he has been unlucky due to injuries. Even in the Nagpur Test against South Africa in 2010, he was set to make his debut but got injured.
“Now, things seem good. He did well in the Sri Lanka Tests and hopefully will continue his good form,” he added.
Rajput, the former Afghanistan coach, hailed the BCCI's decision to host the newcomers for their debut Test.
Afghanistan and Ireland, awarded Test status by the International Cricket Council (ICC) earlier this year, are set to play regular Test cricket in the next cycle of the Future Tours Programme (2019-23). While Afghanistan will play India, Ireland will host Pakistan in May next.
“It's a great thing that they (Afghanistan) will play against the No 1 team in the world. India has always been supportive of Afghanistan.
“They (Afghanistan) have naturally talented players who want to excel. The good thing is that they'll play against top teams. Five-day cricket is a different ball game and they'll get to learn a lot,” he said.
First Published: Dec 15, 2017 09:23 IST
A diet of only pizza? Sounds like a crazy, late-night infomercial, but Florida cyclist Matt McClellan has shown that healthy pizza is the real deal and can help you get in shape for harder and longer rides.
Five years ago, he created a “pizza diet” as a way to incorporate healthy eating with cyclists' post-ride meals. “My focus was on flexibility, moderation, and not being so restrictive,” says McClellan, a long-time cyclist and owner of Tour de Pizza, a restaurant in St. Petersburg. “I wanted to show that you can eat only your favorite food and still be healthy.”
His eating plan consisted of 2,400 calories per day and included six total slices, which was equal to one extra-large pizza. The slices included revamping pizza toppings for maximum nutrition: Light on the gooey cheese and high-fat meats, and heavy on antioxidant-rich veggies, good fats, and lean protein. (See Matt's four best tips below.) He ate one slice every two hours and exercised an hour a day, five days a week, alternating between cycling, swimming, and running.
RELATED: How Many Calories Do You Burn on a Ride?
Within a month on his pizza diet, McClellan dropped 24 pounds, lowered his cholesterol from 243 to 157, and shrank his body fat percentage from almost 20 percent to nine percent. On the bike, his noticed more power in his pedal stroke and was able to ride longer and recover quicker. “The healthier I felt, the more inclined I was to stay active and cycle more,” he says. McClellan has also used his pizza diet for both weight-loss and endurance building while training for the New York City Marathon and mixed martial arts competition in Brazil.
His healthy pizza diet is based on the “flexible diet” approach of nutritionist and bodybuilder Layne Norton, Ph.D., who advocates eating a balance of macronutrients: fats, carbs, protein, and fiber. “Under the flexible dieting concept, there is no such thing as a ‘good' or ‘bad' food,” says McClellan. “All food, regardless of its source, has a nutritional value and tracking your daily macronutrient intake can help establish a healthy relationship with food.”
The All-Pizza Diet for Cyclists Matt McClellan
That change in attitude with food is what makes the pizza diet shine, says Norton. "Most diets fail because of lack of sustainability,” he says. “After a year, 70 percent of people regain all the weight they lost or more. So instead of diets that encourage extremism, people should incorporate their favorite foods into a healthy overall diet."
As you would expect of someone who found health benefit to eating pizza daily (and who owns a pizza shop), McClellan became a pizza evangelist. He took his pizza diet on the road and pedaled 1,300 miles over 30 days from his Florida store to Times Square. During his stops, he spoke to anyone and everyone about the power of pizza. “I don't expect everyone to do a pizza-only diet,” he says. “My intent is for people to change their perception of pizza as junk food.”
RELATED: This Cyclist Makes the Best Pizza You'll Ever Taste
McClellan has recently filmed a pilot for a reality show based on his original pizza diet trek, tentatively titled, “The Tour de Pizza.” (Think “Survivor” meets the Trans Am Bike Race.) It is an elimination-based show where contestants retrace his original route and compete in pizza-themed challenges, like delivering pizza by bike.
But whether the show is successful, or tanks, McClellan has already found a winner: a way to enjoy pizza every day without an ounce of guilt.
Easy Tips to Make A Better Pizza
Sauce: Combine chopped garlic and olive oil with a traditional marinara sauce. “Garlic is a great immunityˇ-booster and the olive oil is rich with antioxidants,” says McClellan.
Cheese: Keep it light and minimal, like skim-milk mozzarella. “Less is more. You don't need a lot for flavor or texture,” he says.
Toppings: McClellan likes to build toppings that mix protein, like lean chicken, with high amounts of antioxidant-rich green vegetables like broccoli and spinach, and finish up with slices of healthy fat avocado.
Crust: Whole-wheat and thin. “It gives you the fiber you need with some carbs for energy, but without having to worry about overindulging,” he says.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Nielsen has revealed the preliminary news about President Obama's State of the Union address: It garnered an estimated audience of 31.7 million people across 13 cable and broadcast networks - making it the least watched address in the last 15 years. The comparison: Former President Bill Clinton's finale garnered drew 31.4 million viewers in 2000.
There were winners and losers, however on Tuesday night. Among the Big Three networks, CBS trumped its rivals , drawing an initial 7.3 million viewers at the start, compared to NBC with 5.2 million, and ABC 4.6 million.
Fox News was king in the cable realm. During the same time period, Fox News had 3.5 million viewers, CNN drew 2.4 million and MSNBC just under 2 million. Fox News coverage afterwards that featured analysis by Bill O'Reilly and Megyn Kelly also led the numbers, garnering 3.5 million viewers, Nielsen said. CNN did enjoy a victory among the key 25-to-54-year-old set, pulling in a million from the demographic, compared to 934,168 of the age group who preferred Fox.
Twitter, meanwhile, reveals that some 2.6 million tweets cascaded across its platform during the speech. Vocativ, a technology driven research and media group, also analyzed Mr. Obama's address using standard readability tests to discover the speech was written “on a 10th grade level.” Find their analysis here
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Boon-dog-gle noun
An unnecessary, wasteful, or fraudulent project.
-The Oxford Dictionary
Just as Ottawa's parliamentary watchdog, Kevin Page, reveals his allegations about the Conservative government's deliberate attempt to lowball the costs of future F-35 purchases, Ralph Goodale has responded to a question asked by Poletical on April 8th about his recent use of the term "boondoggle" and the opposition's attempts to spin the F-35 debacle into a full fledged "scandal".
Liberal MP, Ralph Goodale weighs in below.
Poletical: Recently, you were quoted as saying that the Conservatives now have a boondoggle on their hands. Since no money has yet been spent or wasted, how does your definition of "boondoggle" resonate as a relevant description of the recent F-35 issue? Also, do you believe it's fair or accurate to refer to the F-35 issue as a "scandal"?
Goodale: While the Auditor-General's recent report on the F-35 issue confirms that decisions taken by the Harper government have exposed Canada to multi-billion-dollar future expenditures, risks and over-runs, the dictionary definition of “boondoggle” actually has little to do with money or costs. A boondoggle relates primarily to behaviour that is disingenuous or dishonest.
The Auditor-General praised the way in which the previous Liberal government handled Canada's participation (1997-2006) in a multi-national, public-private industrial partnership to develop and build (not buy) a new fighter-jet aircraft. But he leaves no doubt that starting in 2006, the Harper government's management of the subsequent F-35 procurement process has been incompetent and deceitful. The Auditor-General also confirmed that the “executive” of the government (i.e., the Cabinet) would have known about the critical cost issues at stake – i.e., they cannot claim their bureaucrats left them in the dark.
Among many contentious issues described by the Auditor-General, there are two in particular that need emphasis:
1. Sole-sourcing – Starting in 2006, the Harper government began skewing the whole procurement process toward the F-35 as the sole option for replacing Canada's ageing fleet of CF-18s, meaning there would be no open competitive bidding process – despite the fact that as many as four other planes/suppliers had the potential to meet Canada's needs, and despite the rules of Treasury Board and Public Works that explicitly require competitive tendering. Apparently no one in the Harper Cabinet asked the hard questions about whether this was the right plane for Canada's future, what the total all-in costs would be, and whether the government's own procurement rules were being followed. And there was no accountability to the public. Indeed, as time went by and internal problems began to leak into the public domain, anyone who asked a question in the House of Commons was attacked by Mr. Harper and his Ministers as disloyal, unpatriotic and hostile to the brave men and women of the Canadian Forces. The government provided no substantive answers.
2. True total costs – This became a hot topic when the Parliamentary Budget Officer calculated the full lifecycle costs of acquiring the F-35s at some $29 billion (in line with calculations done by several other countries, including the US). The government responded by ridiculing the PBO and saying the real figure was only half that amount, at some $14.7 billion. The Auditor-General graphically exposes the government's duplicitous arithmetic – at page 27 of his report. He demonstrates that while the government was trumpeting their lower figure ($14.7B) to discredit the PBO and evade a contempt citation in Parliament, the Conservatives knew full well the real number was something over $25 billion. To contrive their lower figure, they deliberately omitted certain normally-included cost factors and used a “lifecycle” that was artificially short. In effect, as several journalists have noted, the Conservatives were keeping two sets of books! And the discrepancy between the two was at least $10 billion. The Auditor-General also suggests that other real costs – like the cost to acquire replacement aircraft and technology upgrades over a 36 year lifecycle, not to mention production delays and further cost overruns – have not been properly provided for. So even the government's $25 billion figure is probably stale and low.
When the Auditor-General finds such a gross lack of due diligence that he questions the integrity of the government's process, and when he makes a specific finding that certain costs were not fully reported to Parliament, and when there's something in excess of $10 billion in question – the words “boondoggle” and “scandal” seem appropriate, perhaps even an understatement.
Cryptocurrency, a field still in its infancy, has not been without its share of risks, hacks, and scams. From Ethereum's DAO theft to Bitcoin's hack of countless exchanges from Bitfinex to ShapeShift, cryptocurrency users must take special care to secure their own funds. Recently, darknet market Oasis went offline in what appears to be an exit scam, leaving the owners of 150 Bitcoins and an indeterminate amount of Monero without access to their funds.
Cointelegraph interviewed Monero developer Riccardo Spagni, aka FluffyPony, on striking a balance between wallet security/privacy and usability.
Security/privacy vs. usability
Cointelegraph: Cryptocurrency is still an emerging field, and as such hacks and heists have dotted much of Bitcoin's early and current history. How does Monero's private Blockchain affect the ability to deal with theft, such as locating stolen funds?
Riccardo Spagni: Well how do you go about tracing the theft of cash, or of jewelry, or of a gold bar? Most thefts are tackled with good ol' fashioned police work, and having a traceable cryptocurrency doesn't really make much of a difference to the way law enforcement deal with thefts.
CT: Are web wallets generally a secure method of storing large amounts of cryptocurrency?
RS: No, web wallets are a terrible way of storing large amounts of cryptocurrency - hence the huge warning when you create a MyMonero account.
CT: How effective has that warning been in encouraging users to use the web wallet responsibly?
RS: Tough to say, I've certainly seen an uptick in people asking about cold storage on IRC and Reddit, so that's a positive sign.
CT: At present, what's the most secure way for Monero users to store their funds?
RS: By using some form of cold storage, eg. moneroaddress.org, which can and should be used offline, and can also be downloaded from Github and run offline. There's also luigi1111's ice-cold 2FA storage that has quite a novel dual key cold storage mechanism.
Balance between "convenient" and "secure enough"
CT: Cryptocurrency users must strike a balance between security and ease of use. Do you see difficult to use security features leading some users to neglect their security in favor of practicality?
RS: Yeah definitely - it's one of the reasons why brain wallets have been such an absolute fail, they just lead to people creating easily broken seeds. It's extremely hard to strike a balance between "convenient" and "secure enough", and only time will reveal with screws need to be tightened or loosened in one particular area or another.
CT: On the usability front, how many solid mobile wallet options are there for Monero users?
RS: None, the only mobile wallet is Freewallet, and that's a custodial service that appears likely to be a scam.
CT: Any on the horizon, or are there more pressing developmental priorities?
RS: Yes there are a few that I've heard are in the works, plus MyMonero is working on one, but it's not a priority for core Monero software projects right now.
Core priorities
CT: What are present core priorities?
RS: We ascribe to the philosophy of "first make it work, then make it work well", and Monero is still very much in the "make it work" phase. The priorities are largely covered in the research and development goals on the website. Several of those are being worked on simultaneously by different groups of Monero's 130+ contributors, so "priority" is determined by contributors not by any particular person.
CT: Philosophically speaking, most people seem content (or otherwise complacent) with the low-privacy world of banking. Is total financial privacy something that you see becoming a priority to larger segments of the population, or will it remain relativity niche?
RS: Good question. Of course, as a believer in personal privacy I'd love for people to be more aware of their privacy risks. Pragmatically speaking, though, I suspect that the "raw" use of cryptocurrencies will remain niche, and people will gravitate to much easier to use layer 2 / 3 systems like Lightning Network, so they'll almost unwittingly be using a cryptocurrency rather than actively seeking one out.
I fully expect Monero will be part of the wider gamut of "layer 1" cryptocurrencies for the foreseeable future, otherwise I wouldn't be working on it, but I don't think we'll achieve Bitcoin levels of use (barring something catastrophic) because Bitcoin already exists.
CT: And the follow-up: the concept of being your own bank implies a great amount of personal responsibility. Do you think the public at large will ever be ready for that?
RS: Yes definitely, but it'll take successive generations to get there. Think about how long it's taken for people to stop using weak passwords - and yet still most older people use their date of birth.
According to journalist Andrew Gibney, who covers Ligue 1, Norwich City are set to sign Sochaux defender Jerome Onguene.
Twitter: Young #FRA defender @Jong22_ set for a move to Norwich City #NCFC CB for U19 Euro winning team. Has impressed at Sochaux. (@Gibney_A)
The 18-year-old defender was, in fact, first spotted by a Norwich fan at the match yesterday. He was pictured in the directors box, with Norwich fans deciphering his identity on Twitter, something that would never have happened ten years ago…
Twitter: Anyone knows who this is? Steve Stone and a few sat with him in the corner of the directors box, hidden away… #NCFC https://t.co/BTyRLOP7cq (@NCFC_Cam)
Some fans were suggesting the mystery man was Chicago Fire forward David Accam, but it has been confirmed that the stylish man was Onguene.
Onguene played 32 games for Sochaux in Ligue 2 last season, despite being just 18-years-old.
The French defender is expected to complete his move to Carrow Road today.
Fireworks factory explodes in dramatic display in Colombian town of Granada
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Explosion in fireworks factory caught on camera (ABC News)
Video has captured the moment a cameraman was hurled backwards as he filmed an exploding fireworks factory in a small town in Colombia.
The explosion happened in Granada, a town on the main road between the Colombian capital Bogota and Girardot.
The footage shows the cameraman being knocked over as the building explodes, sending burning fireworks flying in all directions.
It is not known whether anyone was injured in the explosion, which happened near a complex of restaurants and a busy road.
Surrounding roads were closed in both directions, causing traffic jams as many returned from New Year's celebrations in the capital.
Firefighters from surrounding towns were brought in to fight the blaze.
Another video shows a plume of smoke in the aftermath of the blast.
Topics: accidents, community-and-society, colombia
First posted
Every few days our team will scour Shanghai's dining scene for scrumptious dishes that'll fill your belly without emptying your savings. Not to discriminate, we'll search everywhere from bicycle carts to chic venues with twenty-course tasting menus, knowing that any spot could have the next Dish of the Day.
Crayfish season has just about peaked and you're no doubt exploring the city for the plumpest examples of this Shanghai summer staple. But as seasoned xiaolongxiaers, we can tell you that for the most part, the quality doesn't vary too much from place to place – at least compared to xiaolongbao. An exception is Duan's Crayfish where you pick your crawdads live from a tub rather than the typical mass grave of pre-cooked critters, ensuring freshness. But the main deciding point is cooking method.
Many places, including Duan's, prep them with 13 spices such as cumin, garlic, aniseed, and cinnamon, lending them a sugary kick, while others like Xia Man Tang jazz it up with beer-flavored xiaolongxia. And Fomo offers a flavor selection that would make Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans jealous. Newbies may want to stick with simple steamed xiaolongxia with chili oil, which can be found in the greatest abundance on Shouning Lu.
Most famous is the central Xiangbadao (香吧岛) outlet on 20 Shouning Lu, denoted by the logo of a snickering crayfish, and constant crowds. Simply pick out your crawdads (40RMB per jin), choose a preparation (medium spiced xiaolongxia, 中辣小龙虾, is preferable for noobs), bring your gang and indulge yourself.
But be warned, the eating experience is pretty primal. The blood-red critters are first dumped into a metal tub and plopped on your table – most likely a fold-out one on the garbage-strewn sidewalk since Xiangbadao's inside is eternally full. You then use your hands to wrench off the head, suck out the tomalley, rip off the tail-shell and remove that black strand of crop, before popping the candy cane-striped tail in your mouth. It tastes like tenderer lobster tail.
Xiangbadao does offer side dishes like fried rice and stinky tofu, but they don't actually prep them in the kitchen. They instead have a pretty ghetto system of fetching sides from nearby street carts and bringing them to your table in a styrofoam container. Couple this with the fact that xiaolongxia aren't the cleanest critters, and we see how this could be a gastrointestinal gamble for Shanghai newcomers. Fortunately, high turnover lessens your chances of becoming a human fire hose after dinner.
Xiangbadao – 20 Shouning Lu, Xizang Nan Lu (寿宁路20号, 西藏南路). Tel: (0)21-6326-4431. Open 24 hours.
Last time on Dish of the Day: Bai zhan ji (boiled and cut chicken) @ Xiao Shaoxing
See a complete list of our Dish of the Day series here.
Have a recommendation for Dish of the Day? Let Shanghaiist's food editor Benjamin Cost know at [email protected]!
Follow @ShanghaiistFood
Easton Bruere chooses Butler Community College Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
ALBUQUERQUE (KRQE) - Easton Bruere is hoping the junior college route can get him to division one football. The Rio Rancho state champion quarterback has decided to play at Butler Community College in El Dorado, Kansas. Bruere received mostly division two offers and not one solid division one, despite throwing for over 4,000 yards and 49 touchdowns.
The lack of interest put him on the National scene when the Bleacher Report covered it in late January. Bruere is going to a known winner and is happy about his decision.
"You know I love the coaching staff," said Bruere. "They have a great program, you know, six junior college national championships."
Bruere led Rio Rancho to a Class 6A championship in his senior season.
Although it's derided for not being open source, EagleCAD is an extremely popular piece of schematic and PCB layout software. Most of the popularity is probably due to the incredible amount of part libraries – it's certainly not the features Eagle has to offer or its horrible scripting capabilities. [Rob] had enough of the lack of good scripting support in Eagle, so he's been spending his time making Eagle's ULP work with Python. He's only been at it a short time, but already it's much more usable than the usual Eagle scripts.
Below you can check out a pair of videos of [Rob]'s Python tools for Eagle in action. The first video goes through aligning a few symbols and creating a board outline (with proper curves!) from a DXF file. The second video shows exactly how valuable these tools are when laying out a board: imagine hundreds of LEDs and resistors automatically aligned to each other with a single click of a mouse. Beautiful.
All the PyEagle stuff is available on [Rob]'s github, with a DXF importer, group manager, and alignment tool included. Now that everything's Python, it's easy to build your own tools without relying on Eagle's odd ULP language.
Thanks [John] for the tip.
Below are some very inspirational examples of mech illustrations and concept art by some of the most talented artists featured on Concept Art World. Many of these mech designs are personal works or have been used in a variety of entertainment industries including film, video-games, and animation. Please give us your thoughts on the concepts below and let us know which one is your favorite.
Walter Kim
Calum Alexander Watt
Stanislav Poltavsky
Josh Kao
Kevin Swartz
Tyler West
Yohann Schepacz
Charles Liu
Eliott Lilly
Alex Figini
Toumas Korpi
Adam Baines
Daryl Mandryk
Raj Rihal
Alexey Pyatov
Susan Luo
Paul Chadeisson
Matt Tkocz
Sam Brown
Marc Samson
Colin Geller
Galan Pang
Hao Wu
Aaron Lam
Nick Carver
Ivan Laliashvili
Kemp Millard
Darren Quach
Shaun Mooney
David Chambers
Martin Deschambault
Ignacio Bazan Lazcano
John Park
Luke Mancini
Jake Parker
Matias Hannecke
Daniel Graffenberger
Johannes Voss
Yun Ling
Francesco Lorenzetti
Jan Urschel
Ioan Dumitrescu
Angela Sung
Georgi Simeonov
Charles Lee
Atey Ghailan
Dennis Chan
Andrew Bosley
Christian MacNevin
Maciej Kuciara
All images are the © copyright of their respective owners.
Quick Access
Review / Favorite Track / For Fans Of / Atmosphere Levels / Links (Music & Social)
Massive 70's Doom Groove from Sweden !
Heya Fuzzers ! Hope you all had fantastic holidays Let's begin 2016 with another killer Swedish band, for sure it won't be the only one this year as you know Sweden is like the “Kingdom of Heavy Music” !
So Serpent is a 3-piece that released its 2nd full-length, Nekromant, just before the holiday season, like a pre-Christmas gift you buy for yourself and end up using it before the 25th because you wanted it so badly ! Yeah, as you'll hear, this little gem of Heavy Rock sounds like a good ol' Traditional Doom album, think Swedish version of the best Pentagram or Saint Vitus albums, it grooves so much
How is the sound?
Well… IT KICKASS ! Yeah, simple as that. Serpent just put out one of the catchiest album I heard in 2015. With a massive sound, these guys crafted 9 songs carrying at the same time a very high Fat & Temperature Level.
They definitely know their classics, deeply rooted in the 70's Heavy Metal/Doom sound Black Sabbath and the bands I mentioned in my introduction created back then. I mean, Wino should listen to this album, he would instantly invite Serpent to play with him for a song or two
Wonderfully alternating between slow & heavy parts, with those huge drums fills and some blazing “headbang riffs”, without forgetting epic guitar solos ala “Hand of Doom”, they just know what they're doing !
Pure joy for your ears, can't say the same for your neck…
Why is this album worth listening?
You know by heart each Black Sabbath, Pentagram, Saint Vitus songs ? You need some fresh music in your collection.
The catchiest Heavy Groove you'll hear !
Great vocals that blend perfectly with the style !
Epic guitar solos !
The melody at 1:20 on “Hey You”
In what situation you should listen to this album?
Put on your old leather jacket, stay straight, both hands on your hips, and HEADBAAAAAANG !
Something particular to note?
Vinyl is out on Transubtan Records, get it here.
Obviously, for every Aborigine who was in a job and paying tax rather than in jail and costing money, there'd be a double benefit to taxpayers, as well as a gain to the economy. But the far more important reason for caring about the high rate of indigenous imprisonment is moral. As the criminologist Don Weatherburn argues in his new book Arresting Incarceration, the consequences of European settlement have been truly calamitous for Aboriginal Australians. Illustration: Kerrie Leishman ''The harm might not have always been deliberate and it may not have been inflicted by anyone alive today, but it is no less real for that,'' Weatherburn says. ''An apology for past wrongs would be meaningless without a determined attempt to remedy the damage done.'' The trouble is, particularly in the case of Aboriginal imprisonment, we've been making such an attempt, but getting nowhere. If not before, the problem was brought to our attention by the 1991 findings of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Deaths in Custody. The commission found that Aborigines were no more likely to die in jail than other prisoners. The reason so many died was that they constituted such a high proportion of the prison population.
The Keating government accepted all but one of the commission's recommendations and allocated the present-day equivalent of almost $700 million to put them into effect. State and territory governments committed themselves to a comprehensive reform program. But get this: rather than declining since then, the rate of Aboriginal imprisonment has got worse. ''It is hard to imagine a more spectacular policy failure,'' Weatherburn says. It would be easy to blame the problem on racism in the justice system but, though there may be some truth in this, it's not the real reason. Similarly, Weatherburn argues it's not good enough to blame it on ''indigenous disadvantage''. If that were the case, virtually all Aborigines would be actively involved in crime and they aren't. Most are never arrested or imprisoned.
The plain fact is that more Aborigines are in jail because more Aborigines commit crimes, particularly violent crimes. In NSW, for example, the indigenous rate of arrest for assault is 12 times higher than the non-indigenous rate. The rate of indigenous arrest for break and enter is 17 times higher. Measures taken after the royal commission failed to reduce crime because they assumed this would be achieved if indigenous Australians were ''empowered''. Much of the money and effort was devoted to legal aid and land acquisition. Weatherburn argues that if you want to understand indigenous offending, you need to look at the factors likely to get anyone involved in crime, regardless of race. ''The four most important of these are poor parenting (particularly child neglect and abuse), poor school performance, unemployment and substance abuse,'' he says. ''Indigenous Australians experience far higher rates of drug and alcohol abuse, child neglect and abuse, poor school performance and unemployment than their non-indigenous counterparts.'' The first and most important thing we need to do, he says, is reduce the level of Aboriginal drug and alcohol abuse. This is key, not just because drug and alcohol abuse have direct effects on violence and crime, but also because they have such a corrosive effect on the quality of parenting children receive which greatly increases the children's risk of involvement in crime.
Weatherburn's second priority is putting more resources into improving indigenous education and training. As the mining boom in the Pilbara has shown, it's much easier to find jobs for Aborigines when they have the degree of education and skill employers are looking for. His third priority is investing in better offender rehabilitation programs. Efforts to divert serious and repeat offenders from prison have been a dismal failure. But small changes in the rate of indigenous return to jail have the potential to produce large and rapid effects on the rate of Aboriginal imprisonment. Much existing spending on Aboriginal affairs is ineffective. Were it not for Tony Abbott's special affinity with Aborigines in the Top End, we could expect the coming federal budget to really put the knife through it. But this would save money without reducing the problem. It will be a great day when the advocates of smaller government abandon the false economy of not wasting money on the routine, rigorous and independent evaluation of the effectiveness of government spending programs. Then we might make some progress.
During their Los Angeles debut, K-pop sensations TVXQ! talk coming to the U.S. on their own at last with Billboard.
During their stop in Los Angeles, as part of their ongoing world tour, "TVXQ! LIVE WORLD TOUR 'CATCH ME,'" K-pop sensations TVXQ! sat down for an exclusive video interview. The duo -- Yunho and Changmin -- invited Billboard backstage and expressed their excitement about the highly anticipated show.
"We are incredibly happy and honored to have our first exclusive concert in the States -- especially in L.A. [Our fans] have also waited a long time for our solo concert,” Yunho said before taking the stage at the Nokia Theatre on July 5.
TVXQ! LIVE IN L.A. - BACKSTAGE & ONSTAGE PHOTOS
Billboard caught up with the guys post-show after mesmerizing thousands. Chamgmin further reflected on what it felt like to finally meet their U.S. fans up close and personal.
“It has been 10 years since we debuted and this is the first time we have performed in L.A.," he explains. "So we were kind of worried that not a lot of people might show up or passionately cheer for us. However, so many people supported us that we feel really sorry that this is the first time we came here in the last 10 years. It made us realize that we want to come here more often.”
TVXQ! also shared their plans for the rest of 2013, hopes of returning to U.S., and talk about their upcoming history-making concert at the Nissan Stadium in Japan.
Watch the video to find out more, plus see footage from the concert!
Testimonials
"I've read many of Michael Wiese's line of books, and I haven't found a clinker among 'em. The writers are people in the trenches, people who've been there and done that. Further, they've come out the other side wiser, braver, and willing to share their insights. Since the bewildering field of film slides between craft and art, a new or experienced filmmaker needs some maps. Michael Wiese's books are road signs."
Mary J. Schirmer
Absolutewrite.com "I've read many of Michael Wiese's line of books, and I haven't found a clinker among 'em. The writers are people in the trenches, people who've been there and done that. Further, they've come out the other side wiser, braver, and willing to share their insights. Since the bewildering field of film slides between craft and art, a new or experienced filmmaker needs some maps. Michael Wiese's books are road signs." Mary J. Schirmer , absolutewrite.com
"The first step in the difficult journey of filmmaking and screenwriting is knowledge of the craft and industry. The books from Michael Wiese Productions will start you in the right direction and serve as reliable reference points on your path to success."
Shelly Mellott
FinalDraft.com "The first step in the difficult journey of filmmaking and screenwriting is knowledge of the craft and industry. The books from Michael Wiese Productions will start you in the right direction and serve as reliable reference points on your path to success." Shelly Mellott , Script Magazine
“I've known Michael for more than 25 years and worked with him on various projects throughout that time span. His creativity and insight as a producer and promoter never failed to energize his support team in untold ways. His named connected with a project always brings a enthusiastic response from my staff because we know newsworthiness and originality will be the hallmarks of our campaign on his behalf.”
Joseph Dera
DRCPublicRelations.com “I've known Michael for more than 25 years and worked with him on various projects throughout that time span. His creativity and insight as a producer and promoter never failed to energize his support team in untold ways. His named connected with a project always brings a enthusiastic response from my staff because we know newsworthiness and originality will be the hallmarks of our campaign on his behalf.” Joseph Dera , CEO, Dera, Roslan, Campion
“Michael is a forward-thinking publisher. His company provides a great environment for authors.”
Sheldon Bull
Elephantbucks.com “Michael is a forward-thinking publisher. His company provides a great environment for authors.” Sheldon Bull , Writer , Elephantbucks.com
“When I wrote my book about freelance writing for Michael's publishing shingle, he was always supportive, encouraging, and forthcoming. He is also an effective regular communicator and takes a personal interest in all of the projects that come to his company. Furthermore, Michael is an accomplished filmmaker - his HARDWARE WARS was a cult classic!!!”
Scott Essman
ScottEssman.com “When I wrote my book about freelance writing for Michael's publishing shingle, he was always supportive, encouraging, and forthcoming. He is also an effective regular communicator and takes a personal interest in all of the projects that come to his company. Furthermore, Michael is an accomplished filmmaker - his HARDWARE WARS was a cult classic!!!” Scott Essman , Owner, Visionary Cinema
“Michael is a hard-working book publisher and filmmaker with a sense of ethics. He offers creative artists a variety of opportunities to express themselves and his company supports their work through long-range global efforts. If you have a great idea for a project dealing with film, video or new media I recommend that you send him a proposal.” April 14, 2009
Marcie Begleiter
MarcieBegleiter.com “Michael is a hard-working book publisher and filmmaker with a sense of ethics. He offers creative artists a variety of opportunities to express themselves and his company supports their work through long-range global efforts. If you have a great idea for a project dealing with film, video or new media I recommend that you send him a proposal.” April 14, 2009 Marcie Begleiter , Author, Michael Wiese Productions
“As Director of Eastman Kodak's Worldwide Student Filmmaker Program, I had the pleasure of working with Michael for several years presenting workshops for student filmmakers at the International Cannes Film Festival. Kodak sponsored student interns (over a hundred) working in The American Pavilion during the Cannes film festival---these interns were students interested in production and the motion picture business from dozens of the top film schools in the US and Canada, and around the world. For several years in the early 2000s, Michael presented a full day workshop to these interns which dealt with independent film production, financing, development, and marketing and distribution. Of all the great things that happened to these students while at Cannes, Michael's seminar was always a distinct highlight of their experience. He is a natural presenter who knows the nuances of the entire spectrum of independent production from a true insider's perspective. He was spontaneous and creative with the students, and very skilled at involving them with Q&A and other activity. His development tutorials are still being talked about by those who were there. The students always gave him high marks, he delivered on Kodak's goals to promote film and understanding of the business, and it was a delight working with such an accomplished professional.”
John Mason
FilmBigIsland.com “As Director of Eastman Kodak's Worldwide Student Filmmaker Program, I had the pleasure of working with Michael for several years presenting workshops for student filmmakers at the International Cannes Film Festival. Kodak sponsored student interns (over a hundred) working in The American Pavilion during the Cannes film festival---these interns were students interested in production and the motion picture business from dozens of the top film schools in the US and Canada, and around the world. For several years in the early 2000s, Michael presented a full day workshop to these interns which dealt with independent film production, financing, development, and marketing and distribution. Of all the great things that happened to these students while at Cannes, Michael's seminar was always a distinct highlight of their experience. He is a natural presenter who knows the nuances of the entire spectrum of independent production from a true insider's perspective. He was spontaneous and creative with the students, and very skilled at involving them with Q&A and other activity. His development tutorials are still being talked about by those who were there. The students always gave him high marks, he delivered on Kodak's goals to promote film and understanding of the business, and it was a delight working with such an accomplished professional.” John Mason , Director of Eastman Kodak's Worldwide Student Filmmaker Program
“Michael is a great documentary filmmaker!”
Alan O'Hashi
Alanhashi.com “Michael is a great documentary filmmaker!” Alan O'Hashi , Festival Director, Boulder Asian Film Festival
“I was an avid consumer of Michael's books on the media business; so, it was a great pleasure, and honor to work with him on the PBS Home Video label at Pacific Arts. As an industry expert and former acquisitions executive at a respected home entertainment company, Michael provided great insight for identifying marketable product, and negotiating the licenses for distribution. Titles such as "The Astronomers," "Eyes on the Prize" and "Masterpiece Theatre" were tentpole releases in the early days of PBS Home Video. His efforts were key to establishing the success the label enjoys today. I am happy (and not at all surprised) to see he has achieved much success in his multi-faceted career.”
Greg Boegner
“I was an avid consumer of Michael's books on the media business; so, it was a great pleasure, and honor to work with him on the PBS Home Video label at Pacific Arts. As an industry expert and former acquisitions executive at a respected home entertainment company, Michael provided great insight for identifying marketable product, and negotiating the licenses for distribution. Titles such as "The Astronomers," "Eyes on the Prize" and "Masterpiece Theatre" were tentpole releases in the early days of PBS Home Video. His efforts were key to establishing the success the label enjoys today. I am happy (and not at all surprised) to see he has achieved much success in his multi-faceted career.” Greg Boegner , Director, Acquisitions , Pacific Arts & PBS Home Video
"In a sea of filmmaking self-help books, the practical primers from Michael Wiese Productions always stand out." FILMMAKER Magazine
"MWP Books allows you, the reader, to explore the various aspects of the Entertainment Industry. Their writers give you a hands-on experience on the tricks of the trade and tips on how to successfully build a desired career. From screenwriting, to budgeting, to directing and production management, the Michael Wiese books should be your guide."
Chris Robertson, Hollywood Writers Block
Chris Robertson
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. - A 26-year-old man is facing charges after he returned a gold necklace that he snatched off a man's neck on South Beach, police said.
The robbery happened April 30 in the area of 11th Street and Ocean Drive.
According to the arrest report, Daniel Palmer was armed with a handgun when he approached a group of friends that were standing on the sidewalk.
Police said Palmer snatched a gold chain off a man's neck and ran off. They said he returned a couple of minutes later in a white Merecedes-Benz and told the victim that the necklace was fake.
Police said the victim ran toward 10th Street where he flagged down officers and pointed out the car the suspect was in.
Police said several marked police vehicles attempted to stop Palmer, but he took off at a "high rate of speed."
According to the report, Palmer was eventually taken into custody on the MacArthur Causeway and Bridge Road.
Palmer faces charges of armed robbery, fleeing and eluding police and reckless driving.
Follow Local 10 News on Twitter@WPLGLocal10
Copyright 2015 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
What do you do when you've been one of the biggest impacts on electronic music, outlasting a succession of trends and fads, remaining one of the best-known names in sound? I mean, you can't just start giving things away, right?
Actually, if you're Moby, that's exactly what you do. He wants you to collaborate with him – and he's made it really easy (even if you want to get something out of the result).
It's safe to say Moby is different from many of his peers. At the young age of 48, Moby has managed to be a presence in multiple epochs of electronic music, and now is headlining tiny venues as well as big ones, collaborating with Record Store Day – and NASA, quick to distance himself from one-time label EMI as he goes on the attack against the RIAA. And now, he's releasing stems on BitTorrent. Explaining the decision to Mashable, he said he's happy to have you profit off his stems and donate to charity or take your friends to dinner. (Actually, put that way, I suddenly feel much happier about my Bandcamp revenues. Who wants some pho to celebrate the Humane Society?)
And he's embracing chaos:
When people try to control content in the digital world, there's something about that that seems kind of depressing to me. The most interesting results happen when there is no control. I love the democratic anarchy of the online world.
He goes further, saying (with respect, in fairness) when Thom Yorke complains about Spotify, “You're just like an old guy yelling at fast trains.”
You Can Remix Moby's New Album Thanks to BitTorrent [Mashable]
Of course, you want that anarchy to be creative, not technical. So, while the BitTorrent decision is cool, we're pleased to get the scoop from Moby and NYC-based collaborative startup blend.io that the stems will come to that platform, too. With blend.io, you get additional collaborative tools that make it easy to track changes, see how others are collaborating, and smoothly integrate work on stems and revisions. The whole system works via file management tool Dropbox (nice enough, given their free account will accommodate a decent-sized audio project), and it even works directly with Ableton Live and Pro Tools.
This stuff matters. It's one thing to talk about online collaboration and sharing and remixing. Too often, though, the experience is musician-unfriendly. Technically, it's too much of a pain, and artistically, you're often limited by fine print attached to remix contests. This project is different on both levels. It makes things easier and less restricted both in the tech and your freedom to do what you want with the remix.
We have an exclusive VIP invite code for CDM readers to get started, free:
http://blend.io/vip/createDigitalMusic
I spoke with blend.io founder Alex Kolundzija via email from New York.
CDM: So, Moby has already gotten some attention by sharing stems on BitTorrent – which was very cool, certainly. Is anything special about it being on blend.io?
Alex: On Blend producers and musicians can quickly get the complete project files (not just stems) for the songs, and the community – including Moby – can see who is involved, preview the published remixes, and even be able to Pull those to evolve them further.
Are there licensing terms associated with the Blend.io project?
All projects on Blend are currently published with the Attribution-ShareAlike Creative Commons license. We love to hear music created in the open space, but will add support for private collaborations very soon.
Could this be a template for other artists doing their own release in this fashion, running their own remix projects?
Absolutely. There has been a lot of interest from other artists, labels and also music production schools. We see Blend as a great platform for music collaboration as well as for improving one's production skills. Discovery of new music and artists is also an important part of the big picture.
Not everyone is as famous as Moby, of course. So will these tools work for people who just want to create remixes with a handful of friends or collaborators?
Yes. We've already seen awesome collaborations from artists who've never met in person. Support for private projects will allow existing collaborators to leverage Blend for making cross-geo collaboration happen in a much more elegant and smooth way, with secure cloud backups.
Thanks, Alex.
I'm especially excited about the private projects, going forward. I actually tried to do a remix collaboration with artists I enjoyed using SoundCloud, and much as I enjoy SoundCloud for sharing, it was a nightmare. Even just having the file management and revisions here, plus Dropbox integration, is huge. (Ironically, Dropbox was the only way we got that project finished.) Private projects would be even bigger – not because you're necessarily trying to keep things secret, but you do want the ability to work without immediately having an audience – and it's essential to do a release. We'll keep tabs on that.
The tools are already really nice. Here's a look at the visual feedback you get in your feed, so you can track collaborations: (click for larger version)
If you remix Moby's work – or put up your own projects for collaboration – we'd love to hear the results. And we'd love to hear your impressions of the service, what works and doesn't.
http://blend.io/vip/createDigitalMusic
Then, find Moby here:
http://blend.io/moby
Apple's new beta for iOS 8 is stuffed full of bug fixes after most of the new features were unveiled at WWDC two weeks ago, but Cupertino still managed to surprise us today with a number of neat tweaks to iOS 8 beta 2 that make some of the apps better than what was revealed at the Moscone Center.
We're still combing through the beta for new features, but additions like QuickType for iPad, iBooks displayed as series and improvements to Photos are welcome additions before iOS 8 lands this fall.
Take a look at all the tweaks Apple added to the iOS 8 beta today:
Messages microphone and camera are grey
Apple changed the microphone icon in the Messages app to grey, making it just a little bit harder to tell who you're sending iMessages to. Chat bubbles are still green and blue, depending on what device the recipient is using, and the text field notes “iMessage” or “Text Message” before you start typing.
Privacy settings for HomeKit
HomeKit still seems to be a work in progress, but Apple has made it easier to keep track of who's using your home data with a new section in the Privacy settings section.
AssistiveTouch options
The AssistiveTouch feature under the Accessibility settings has added two new icons for Notification Center and Control Center but it looks like Apple's still putting the finishing touches on the Notification Center quick launch because it doesn't do anything yet.
Podcasts come stock
Get ready to add another icon to that folder of Apple apps you never touch. Podcasts is now a preinstalled app with its own section in the Settings app underneath iBooks.
Separate Photo albums
Discerning which photos were taken with Burst mode and which thumbnails are actually slo-mo videos is a lot easier now that the Photos app divides everything into separate albums for Slo-Mo, Burst and Timelapse.
iBook series
iBooks has been updated to display books as series. The app automatically groups your purchased books based on series, and you can see which titles you need to purchase to round out your collection by tapping the new “All in Series” button.
Improved Spotlight
Spotlight's improved search powers on iOS 8 are a welcomed addition, but until iOS 8 beta 2 everytime you pulled down Spotlight the cursor would be at the end of your last query, forcing you to tap backspace a ton to run a new search. Now Apple has made it so Spotlight selects all text from your previous search so you can just start typing to delete it.
No Cell Coverage
iOS 8's Battery Usage section added a new “No Cell Coverage” stat so you can see how much your battery is drained by not putting it Airplane mode. Apple's also revised the statistic categories to 24 hours and Last 5 Days, rather than “Last 7 Days” in the first beta.
Turn off all notifications per app
You can now mute an app's notifications entirely by going to Settings >> Notifications >> Select app >> Allow Notifications. Quickly turn them back on by scrolling down to the new “Do Not Include” section to find which apps you've muted.
Pinch to Tabs
You'll never have to hit the Tab View button again, now that iOS 8 beta 2 adds a quick toggle gesture to Safari for iPad that can be triggered with a two finger pinch on any webpage.
QuickType for iPad
The new beta also brings QuickType to the iPad for breezier typing. Unfortunately it doesn't work on the Split keyboard.
Nine people are dead and a 27-year-old man is still missing following flash flooding at the Cold Springs Swimming Hole, north of Payson, according to the Gila County Sheriff's Office.
Around 4 p.m. Monday, officials said they were suspending the search for the missing man due to pending inclement weather in the area. Search efforts will begin again on Tuesday morning.
MAP: Flash flooding search and rescue efforts
Gila Co. Sgt. talks about emotional search. 35 ppl out here today searching 2.5 miles along banks & digging thru debris. @abc15 pic.twitter.com/MiGb7Sl2mp — Lexi Sutter (@LexiSutterTV) July 17, 2017
Deputies say just before 3:30 p.m. on Saturday they received a 911 call regarding a search and rescue operation around the swimming hole for missing individuals.
Dozens of people were at the river swimming on Saturday afternoon when a flash flood came from above them, according to officials. Some people were washed several miles downstream during the incident.
“The wall of water that came down, when I heard it coming, was a good four feet, with debris. Big, huge logs, as big as trees,” said Albert Masterson, who lives nearby.
According to a GCSO spokesperson, a family from Flagstaff and Phoenix was playing in the eight-foot deep watering hole when the incident occurred.
Video shot by witness Disa Alexander shortly after the flood showed a man in a tree holding his baby as water rushed around him. His wife was a short ways away from him, also clinging to a tree.
Five bodies were recovered on Sunday and four were recovered on Saturday, GCSO said.
The victims who were found dead on Saturday and Sunday were identified by Gila County Sheriff's Office on Monday as: Jonathan Leon, 13; Mia Garnica, 5; Emily Garnica, 3; Daniel Garnica, 7; Javier Raya-Garcia, 19; Selia Garcia Castaneda, 57; Erica Raya-Garcia, 2; Maribel Raya-Garcia, 24; and Maria Raya-Garcia, 27.
A family member told ABC15 that Hector Garnica, 27, is still missing. Forty volunteers are continuing the search for the missing man.
Gila County Sheriff J. Adam Shepherd said crews are continuing to search for others who are still missing at Tonto National Forest.
Deputies, along with Tonto Rim Search and Rescue, the Whispering Pines Fire Department, the U.S. Forest Service and the Arizona Department of Public Safety were able to rescue four people and they were transported to the hospital with hypothermia. They have since been released from the hospital.
"There's no way of knowing how many people were actually there," Medical District Fire chief Ron Sattelmaier said. "It's pretty much recovery (now). We don't believe there's anybody left out there." The thunderstorm hit about 8 miles upstream along Ellison Creek, which quickly flooded the narrow canyon where the swimmers were enjoying a cool dip on a hot summer day.
Meteorologists had issued a Flash Flood Warning surrounding the popular swimming area inside the Tonto National Forest before the water gushed into the narrow canyon.
Residents said they'd never seen anything like the deadly flooding.
“I don't recall anything of this magnitude,” said Sgt. David Hornung, Gila County Sheriff's Office.
Governor Doug Ducey took to Twitter Sunday afternoon to offer his condolences to the families affected by the tragic incident.
Just spoke w/ Sheriff Shepherd. In addition to @Arizona_DPS providing full air support, the state will assist in all ways possible. https://t.co/P33bxeFZOY — Doug Ducey (@dougducey) July 16, 2017
Gov. Ducey also released a statement following deaths of multiple people.
AZ governor's statement regarding the death of 8 people after flash flooding devastated the Payson area yesterday. #abc15 pic.twitter.com/6g7FtOHXQI — ABC15 Arizona (@abc15) July 16, 2017
The area sustained heavy rain throughout the region causing flash flooding on Saturday. The weather service estimates that up to 1.5 inches of rain fell over the area over an hour, and that the drainage took at least 30 minutes to reach the swimming hole. The thunderstorm hit about 8 miles upstream along Ellison Creek, which quickly flooded the narrow canyon where the swimmers were enjoying a cool dip a on a hot summer day, with highs in the 80s.
Latest weather conditions can be found here.
"I wish there was a way from keeping people from getting in there during monsoon season. It happens every year. We've just been lucky something like this hasn't been this tragic," Sattelmaier said.
The family has set up an online fundraising page to help cover the costs of the funerals. Those who would like to donate can do so here.
A Flash Flood Watch is in effect for the southeastern part of the state from Sunday afternoon through Monday evening, the National Weather Service says.
The flooding came after a severe thunderstorm pounded down on a nearby remote area that had been burned by a recent wildfire, Sattelmaier said.
Stay with ABC15 and abc15.com for updates on this developing story.
Hi all,Just wanted to make the Bitcoin community aware of BitQuick.co's promotion next month.A little bit about each of the charities:PinkRibbonGirls- Pink Ribbon Girls is an organization run in the Cincinnati region that provides support to breast cancer survivors and their families. We heard about the organization and believe it is a great way to make an immediate impact to families today, as opposed to waiting for research money to help out humanity down the road.ZeroCancer- Zero Cancer is a national nonprofit organization with the mission to end prostate cancer. Zero Cancer has shown a great record of transparency on finances, which was an extremely important factor for us when choosing our two charities.
25% of the 2% buyer fee (.5% of each BTC purchased) will go toward the donation total, which will be tallied from October 1st to October 31st, 2013. At the end of the month, the sum will be split into two (50% each) and given to The Pink Ribbon Girls and ZeroCancer
Want to donate without buying BTC? All donations sent to 1PinkGMRRhPyMjjR4UFDCwgSEFEneByoyG will also be donated at the end of the month, and added to the total sum shown above on the front page. So, at the end of day one, we have raised .521 BTC!
While it is a great organization backing a great cause, fighting cancer seems to be a more universal cause. We want to encourage participation and donations so we chose something we can all fight against (Breast and Prostate Cancer)
While it is a great organization backing a great cause, fighting cancer seems to be a more universal cause. We want to encourage participation and donations so we chose something we can call fight against (Breast and Prostate Cancer)
Errm, unfortunately we are only running this promotion as a side thing and cannot convert BTC to USD for any donations to any organization other than the two current ones lol
While it is a great organization backing a great cause, fighting cancer seems to be a more universal cause. We want to encourage participation and donations so we chose something we can call fight against (Breast and Prostate Cancer)
Day 28 and we have raised $981.37 so far! Thank you to all Bitquick.co users for making this possible. If anybody would like to donate, we are still accepting donations via our donation wallet: https://blockchain.info/address/1PinkGMRRhPyMjjR4UFDCwgSEFEneByoyG There are onlyIt is up toto help bitquick.co in their fight against breast and prostate cancer.
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.  Albert Camus
Sorry but I can not donate to this cause.I know people in my own community who are deserving of charity. In my own small life I can make a bigger difference than donating to big pharma.I have no idea if the recipients of this money have poor diets, lack of exercise, treat their bodies like dumpsters. etc.It's not like people get cancer from eating carrots and broccoli.Cancer is a lifestyle disease. So why would I donate money to someone who lives a shoddy lifestyle?Furthermore "thinkpink" only donates to "approved" "cures", like chemotherapy which the AMA cartel has approved. Thinkpink wont donate a dime to alternative medicines or prevention.Please educate yourself before donating money to a cause. Donating makes us feel good, especially when we conveniently ignore the truth behind "causes".Respectfully,My opinion only,*edit* consider donating thru gofundme to this cause insteadCancer related
This isn't true, while bad habits may increase the chance of getting cancer, they are not the only cause for it.You probably should read about Steve Jobbs death, he declined all medical treatment in order to use a wide range of alternate medice and it failed.Not saying all of those are bad, but there is a lot of pseudy-science in there. (Lucky for them, believing does help a bit though, placebo effect is kinda strong)RespectfullyBirdy
Fremont voters decided Tuesday not to repeal a local ordinance that bars immigrants from renting homes if they don't have legal permission to be in the U.S.The law first passed with 57 percent of the vote in 2010, but critics said the city's stance on illegal immigration has been an embarrassment.Fremont residents voted in support of the ordinance yet again by 60 percent.-- Watch reaction from the cityThe Dodge County Election Office said 3,850 people voted not to change the ordinance, 2,610 voted in favor of changing the ordinance.
Fremont voters decided Tuesday not to repeal a local ordinance that bars immigrants from renting homes if they don't have legal permission to be in the U.S.
The law first passed with 57 percent of the vote in 2010, but critics said the city's stance on illegal immigration has been an embarrassment.
Advertisement Related Content Big money dives into Fremont immigration battle
Fremont residents voted in support of the ordinance yet again by 60 percent.
-- Watch reaction from the city
The Dodge County Election Office said 3,850 people voted not to change the ordinance, 2,610 voted in favor of changing the ordinance.
AlertMe
School starts way too early. Because early rising times are out of whack with our circadian rhythms, they're responsible for teenagers not getting enough sleep, and being tired in the morning. It turns out that teens aren't just lazy layabouts after all.
One in three Canadian teens don't get enough sleep, says the study from McGill University in Montreal, meaning they fail to meet national sleep requirements. This leads to poorer performance at school, and previous studies link a lack of sleep in teens with increased likelihood of depression, anxiety, and other health problems.
“Adolescents are fighting biology to get to school on time,” lead author and McGill postdoctoral student Geneviève Gariépy told the McGill Newsroom.
[Photo: Tim Macpherson/Getty Images]
The study looked at 29,635 kids between 10 and 18 years old, pulling data from the Canadian 2013/2014 “Health Behaviour in School-aged Children” study. Bedtimes and wake times were self-reported, as were tiredness levels. Gariépy found that even while averaging 8.36 hours of sleep on weekdays, only 69% of kids were getting enough sleep, and 60% reported feeling tired in the morning. And–surprising to no one–“students went to bed later, woke up later, and slept longer on weekends.”
But perhaps the most interesting part, from a general knowledge point of view at least, is Gariépy's explanation of why teens stay up so late and lay in bed all morning whenever they can.
“The problem is that early school start times conflict with the natural circadian clock of teenagers,” Gariépy said. “As teenagers go through puberty, their circadian clock gets delayed by two to three hours. By the time they reach junior high, falling asleep before 11 p.m. becomes biologically difficult, and waking up before 8 a.m. is a struggle.”
According to the study, Canadian schools start anywhere between 8 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. The 2016 Canadian 24-Hour Movement Guidelines recommend 9-11 hours of sleep for 5- to 13-year-olds, and 8-10 hours for 14- to 17-year-olds. No wonder you can never get them out of bed.
Two California-based companies have teamed up to launch a pilot program that will enable financial institutions to test the capabilities of blockchain technology. Financial tech firm Expertus and blockchain technology company Ripple have combined services in order to create a platform that banks can use to test blockchain's effectiveness by seamlessly integrating it into their existing payment infrastructure.
Blockchain technology is the driving force behind cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and is widely considered to have tremendous potential in the future of finance. Through this venture, the two firms hope to increase awareness of the benefits of distributed financial technology. Major advantages for banks integrating the platform primarily include increased payment security and efficiency as a result of blockchain's distributed ledger technology that consumers use to verify transactions.
Ripple's distributed ledger technology, combined with the Expertus Payment Platform, offers financial institutions a unique tool with which to test blockchain's feasibility of completing transactions. By integrating the platform into their existing payment framework with little business disruption, the banks will benefit from real-time payment execution, complete transparency into fees, and lower costs. The program is also said to lay the groundwork for global payment netting and settlement, as well as enhance banks' liquidity management, per Expertus.
According to Expertus president Jacques Leblanc, “By providing this pilot program, we intend to help financial institutions move fast in the assessment of this new technology without the operational risk of a large-scale IT overhaul. Several banks have already joined the program and have realized the benefits of blockchain.”
Read more here: “This Company is Trying to Make the Blockchain Simple,” (Andrew Meola, Business Insider)
We're a family who believes in including our dog in just about every aspect of our lives. Fortunately we live in a very dog friendly area so that means Sherlock gets to come with us pretty much everywhere. This weekend was no exception.
Saturday morning started off with a soccer match our daughter played in. Sherlock isn't a big fan of soccer so he just hung out and enjoyed an early morning ‘Pupcup' from Starbucks.
After soccer, it was time for a trip to The Home Depot where Sherlock helped us pick out some paint for our Halloween decorations.
After soccer and Home Depot, we were feeling hungry so it was time to grab some In N Out burgers!
As if soccer, Home Depot, and In N Out wasn't enough, Sherlock had to make an appearance at the Northern California Vizssla Rescue picnic.
Saturday was a full day for sure but the weekend wasn't over. Bright and early Sunday morning, Sherlock went to cheer on our daughter running in her first 5K, the San Ramon Run for Education!
After the race and breakfast (not pictured), Sherlock hung out in the garage to beat the heat while we made our house spooky for Halloween!
Finally, after an incredibly busy weekend, Sherlock got to lay down and take it easy. He was beat.
What types of day to day adventures to you include your dog in? How dog friendly is your town? Let us know and send us pictures and you might be featured on Mr. Wigglebutt!
If you're looking to bond in fandom over a new team, having rivals to hate certainly helps.
It's several months into Atlanta United FC's inaugural season, and Orlando City SC—who Atlanta United has yet to play—have emerged as the obvious geographical choice. A recent match against the Montreal Impact potentially sowed the seeds for future, spirited Eastern Conference showdowns. Given that they entered the league the same year that Minnesota United FC did, there's certainly potential for continual comparison between the two teams, if not an outright rivalry.
But what about the original United, D.C. United?
Both teams, who will meet for the first time ever at Bobby Dodd Stadium this Sunday, Apr. 30 (3 pm ET | FS1, FOX Deportes), share that six-letter word in their name and a black-and-red color scheme. It's less than a ten-hour drive between the team's stadiums, which makes it among the closest destinations for Atlanta fans looking to make a road trip. And Atlanta and Washington sports fans do occasionally find themselves rooting against each other in other pro and college sports.
Some Atlanta fans are open to a rivalry with the original MLS Cup champions. Some think it's a natural extension of what's come before.
“You could definitely say there is a rival history here,” said Thomas Thornton, a 33-year-old native Atlantan, who sports his holy trinity of soccer favorites—Atlanta United FC, the US national team, and Manchester United—on a giant arm tattoo. Thornton points to the current playoff series between the NBA's Hawks and Wizards, continuing a recent history of the teams facing off in their quests to reach the finals, as well as the ‘90s rivalry between MLB's Braves and Montreal Expos, who moved to D.C. to become the Nationals in 2005, as evidence of healthy sports hate.
However, before Thornton had an MLS team to call his own, he was a D.C. United fan. “I still have my scarves and my kits,” Thornton confesses. “However, that was always in my heart as something to hold me over until we got ‘our own.' Now that Atlanta United is here, I'm loyal to the core.”
“With their history, passionate fan base, and the fact that we will be fighting each other for playoff spots, I fully expect it to become a rivalry in the coming seasons, if not this one,” said Resurgence co-founder Sam Veal.
Veal does expect that Atlanta fans might take some ribbing over being late to the United-in-their-name party, but as he observes, “They do have the privilege of being the first 'United,' but we have the privilege of being Atlanta.”
But while a number of Atlanta United fans seem open to a new rivalry, the general consensus among seasoned D.C. fans is, “We're full up on rivalries, thanks.”
“When I personally think of rivals, the Atlantic Cup is our first and foremost,” said Donald Wine, with D.C. United supporters' group Screaming Eagles. In addition to the obvious friction with the Red Bulls, he also touts other Eastern Conference competition as more worthy of their attention, including what he characterizes as a friendly rivalry with the Philadelphia Union.
Unlike Thornton and Veal, he doesn't regard Atlanta and Washington as real rivals in anything, and is also pretty clear on how he feels about their shared monikers. “When it comes to Atlanta and Minnesota, we're pretty clear: we're the original United, we're the best United, and when we refer to United, we always mean D.C.,” Wine said.
Paul Sotoudeh, another longtime Screaming Eagles member, notes, “We're the original United, the original dominant MLS team, the original standard-bearer for the league, so even if we're none of those things now we'll always be able to hold that over them. Don't forget that Atlanta chose to wear black and red too, so they might as well be ‘D.C. United Junior.'”
Some D.C. United fans will be seeing what Atlanta's building first hand. A contingent of about 50 Screaming Eagles members, as well as a group of fans from fellow D.C. United supporters' group Barra Brava, will make the road trip to Georgia.
Screaming Eagles road trip organizer Jimi Butler notes that those numbers will pick up in future years with the opening of the new Mercedes-Benz Stadium, Saturday rather than Sunday matches, and the relative ease of getting to Atlanta from the nation's capital.
But it's not just Beltway fans making the road trip to Atlanta; Butler reports that D.C. United fans from the Southeast, who haven't abandoned their allegiance to the team, will converge on Atlanta for the match. There are even tentative plans for a tailgate bringing the two D.C. supporters' groups together.
And while a D.C. win on Sunday would pull the two Uniteds even on points, the attendance league leaders should be out in force and loud for Atlanta's first home match since winning 4-0 over the Fire back on March 18. And at least one Atlanta fan is ready to tout his city's advantages should it come to that.
“If their fanbase would like, they can certainly banter on about being the original United in MLS,” Veal said. “We'll just remind them who has better food and hip hop.”
Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference is a little less than a month away, which means in just a few weeks we'll see what Apple has planned for the next versions of iOS and OS X.
iOS has had a busy couple of years—it got a comprehensive visual overhaul in iOS 7, and a nearly as comprehensive under-the-hood overhaul in iOS 8. The only thing we think we know about iOS 9 at this point is that it will focus on stability and performance. It's not going to be a “no new features” Snow Leopard-style release, but for the first time since 2012 or so the focus is going to be on spit-and-polish and not on radical changes.
We've assembled a small wishlist of features for iOS 9, with a focus on the smaller tweaks we hope Apple can focus on now that it's not pulling up all the carpets and replacing all the fixtures. Some of these are more likely to be incorporated than others. Some have been on our wishlist for literally years. But all of them would be welcome improvements.
Siri API
This one's on the list of “things we've been asking about for years.” Siri was introduced all the way back in iOS 5 and It's on everything from the high-end iPad Air 2 to the lowly iPhone 4S. It's long past time to allow third parties to make use of it.
Apple's strong developer ecosystem remains one of iOS' biggest assets, and allowing that ecosystem to extend Siri's capabilities would make the digital assistant much more useful than it is today without much extra effort on Apple's part. Sounds like a win-win scenario to me.
Public transit for Maps
This is the kind of feature that you either won't care about at all (people who primarily drive everywhere) or will absolutely need all the time (city dwellers).
The built-in Maps app lost public transit directions back in iOS 6, and since then Apple has been relying on third parties to supply this information. That experience is still inconsistent, though—you're being booted from Apple's app into someone else's with no guarantees about the app's appearance, functionality, or accuracy. It's Google Maps' biggest trump card at this point.
It's an even bigger problem when you consider something like the Apple Watch. Its turn-by-turn navigation is actually pretty good, and once you get used to the pulses telling you to turn left or right It's actually kind of nice not to have to interrupt your music or pull your phone out to make sure you're going the right way. But the Apple Watch can only use Apple's maps, and Apple's maps don't have transit directions.
Apple has been hiring people to work on this problem for a long time now. Maybe iOS 9 will be the update that actually addresses it.
Settings page overhaul
This is the System Preferences window in OS X. It organizes all of the different settings into subheadings. But suppose you're looking for something and you don't know where to find it? That's OK! Because there's a search box you can use to help.
That's what the increasingly packed iOS Settings screen needs, at this point. Imagine a search box that's hidden when you open the app, but appears when you swipe down. It's an interaction that iOS users will already know from Spotlight and other similarly hidden search bars in apps like Messages, and it will help make sense of the maze that Settings has become.
Dark theme for menus
The Apple Watch app looks a whole lot like iOS' normal menu screens, but the colors are inverted—it's light text on a dark background rather than dark text on a white background.
We've kind of wanted a "dark theme" ever since iOS 7 turned everything that blinding shade of white, but the Apple Watch app really drives home how nice it would look (for people who are fans of such things, that is). Apple introduced a dark theme for OS X Yosemite, so clearly Apple knows there's a demand for this kind of thing.
Maintain speed
New iOS releases aren't always kind to the lowest-end hardware they support. Much of the world has moved on to newer, faster devices and they won't have any complaints, but if you were an iPhone 3G user who installed iOS 4 or an iPhone 4 user who installed iOS 7 or an iPhone 4S user who installed iOS 8, you may have been bitten by the slowdown demon.
If iOS 9 is truly focused on speed and stability, we're hoping it won't come with a performance penalty for older devices. We'd bet that the new operating system will still run on hardware with Apple's A5 SoC—the fifth-gen iPod Touch, third-generation Apple TV, and original iPad Mini are still being sold—and in our wildest dreams the update would restore those devices to at least an iOS 7-ish level of zippiness.
This July 4, let's not mince words: American independence in 1776 was a monumental mistake. We should be mourning the fact that we left the United Kingdom, not cheering it.
Of course, evaluating the wisdom of the American Revolution means dealing with counterfactuals. As any historian would tell you, this is a messy business. We obviously can't be entirely sure how America would have fared if it had stayed in the British Empire longer, perhaps gaining independence a century or so later, along with Canada.
But I'm reasonably confident a world in which the revolution never happened would be better than the one we live in now, for three main reasons: Slavery would've been abolished earlier, American Indians would've faced rampant persecution but not the outright ethnic cleansing Andrew Jackson and other American leaders perpetrated, and America would have a parliamentary system of government that makes policymaking easier and lessens the risk of democratic collapse.
Abolition would have come faster without independence
The main reason the revolution was a mistake is that the British Empire, in all likelihood, would have abolished slavery earlier than the US did, and with less bloodshed.
Abolition in most of the British Empire occurred in 1834, following the passage of the Slavery Abolition Act. That left out India, but slavery was banned there, too, in 1843. In England itself, slavery was illegal at least going back to 1772. That's decades earlier than the United States.
This alone is enough to make the case against the revolution. Decades less slavery is a massive humanitarian gain that almost certainly dominates whatever gains came to the colonists from independence.
The main benefit of the revolution to colonists was that it gave more political power to America's white male minority. For the vast majority of the country — its women, slaves, American Indians — the difference between disenfranchisement in an independent America and disenfranchisement in a British-controlled colonial America was negligible. If anything, the latter would've been preferable, since at least women and minorities wouldn't be singled out for disenfranchisement. From the vantage point of most of the country, who cares if white men had to suffer through what everyone else did for a while longer, especially if them doing so meant slaves gained decades of free life?
It's true that had the US stayed, Britain would have had much more to gain from the continuance of slavery than it did without America. It controlled a number of dependencies with slave economies — notably Jamaica and other islands in the West Indies — but nothing on the scale of the American South. Adding that into the mix would've made abolition significantly more costly.
But the South's political influence within the British Empire would have been vastly smaller than its influence in the early American republic. For one thing, the South, like all other British dependencies, lacked representation in Parliament. The Southern states were colonies, and their interests were discounted by the British government accordingly. But the South was also simply smaller as a chunk of the British Empire's economy at the time than it was as a portion of America's. The British crown had less to lose from the abolition of slavery than white elites in an independent America did.
The revolutionaries understood this. Indeed, a desire to preserve slavery helped fuel Southern support for the war. In 1775, after the war had begun in Massachusetts, the Earl of Dunmore, then governor of Virginia, offered the slaves of rebels freedom if they came and fought for the British cause. Eric Herschthal, a PhD student in history at Columbia, notes that the proclamation united white Virginians behind the rebel effort. He quotes Philip Fithian, who was traveling through Virginia when the proclamation was made, saying, "The Inhabitants of this Colony are deeply alarmed at this infernal Scheme. It seems to quicken all in Revolution to overpower him at any Risk." Anger at Dunmore's emancipation ran so deep that Thomas Jefferson included it as a grievance in a draft of the Declaration of Independence. That's right: the declaration could've included "they're conscripting our slaves" as a reason for independence.
For white slaveholders in the South, Simon Schama writes in Rough Crossings, his history of black loyalism during the Revolution, the war was "a revolution, first and foremost, mobilized to protect slavery."
Slaves also understood that their odds of liberation were better under British rule than independence. Over the course of the war, about 100,000 African slaves escaped, died, or were killed, and tens of thousands enlisted in the British army, far more than joined the rebels. "Black Americans' quest for liberty was mostly tied to fighting for the British — the side in the War for Independence that offered them freedom," historian Gary Nash writes in The Forgotten Fifth, his history of African Americans in the revolution. At the end of the war, thousands who helped the British were evacuated to freedom in Nova Scotia, Jamaica, and England.
This is not to say the British were motivated by a desire to help slaves; of course they weren't. But American slaves chose a side in the revolution, the side of the crown. They were no fools. They knew that independence meant more power for the plantation class that had enslaved them and that a British victory offered far greater prospects for freedom.
Independence was bad for Native Americans
Starting with the Proclamation of 1763, the British colonial government placed firm limits on westward settlement in the United States. It wasn't motivated by an altruistic desire to keep American Indians from being subjugated or anything; it just wanted to avoid border conflicts.
But all the same, the policy enraged American settlers, who were appalled that the British would seem to side with Indians over white men. "The British government remained willing to conceive of Native Americans as subjects of the crown, similar to colonists," Ethan Schmidt writes in Native Americans in the American Revolution. "American colonists … refused to see Indians as fellow subjects. Instead, they viewed them as obstacles in the way of their dreams of land ownership and trading wealth." This view is reflected in the Declaration of Independence, which attacks King George III for backing "merciless Indian Savages."
American independence made the proclamation void here. It's not void in Canada — indeed, there the 1763 proclamation is viewed as a fundamental document providing rights to self-government to First Nations tribes. It's mentioned explicitly in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms (Canada's Bill of Rights), which protects "any rights or freedoms that have been recognized by the Royal Proclamation of October 7, 1763" for all aboriginal people. Historian Colin Calloway writes in The Scratch of a Pen: 1763 and the Transformation of North America that the proclamation "still forms the basis for dealings between Canada's government and Canada's First Nations."
And, unsurprisingly, Canada didn't see Indian wars and removals as large and sweeping as occurred in the US. They still committed horrible, indefensible crimes. Canada, under British rule and after, brutally mistreated aboriginal people, not least through government-inflicted famines and the state's horrific seizure of children from their families so they could attend residential schools. But the country didn't experience a westward expansion as violent and deadly as that pursued by the US government and settlers. Absent the revolution, Britain probably would've moved into Indian lands. But fewer people would have died.
None of this is to minimize the extent of British and Canadian crimes against Natives. "It's a hard case to make because even though I do think Canada's treatment of Natives was better than the United States, it was still terrible," the Canadian essayist Jeet Heer tells me in an email (Heer has also written a great case against American independence). "On the plus side for Canada: there were no outright genocides like the Trail of Tears (aside from the Beothuks of Newfoundland). The population statistics are telling: 1.4 million people of aboriginal descent in Canada as against 5.2 million in the USA. Given the fact that America is far more hospitable as an environment and has 10 times the non-aboriginal population, that's telling."
Independence also enabled acquisition of territory in the West through the Louisiana Purchase and the Mexican-American War. That ensured that America's particularly rapacious brand of colonialism ensnared yet more native peoples. And while Mexico and France were no angels, what America brought was worse. Before the war, the Apache and Comanche were in frequent violent conflict with the Mexican government. But they were Mexican citizens. The US refused to make them American citizens for a century. And then, of course, it violently forced them into reservations, killing many in the process.
American Indians would have still, in all likelihood, faced violence and oppression absent American independence, just as First Nations people in Canada did. But American-scale ethnic cleansing wouldn't have occurred. And like America's slaves, American Indians knew this. Most tribes sided with the British or stayed neutral; only a small minority backed the rebels. Generally speaking, when a cause is opposed by the two most vulnerable groups in a society, it's probably a bad idea. So it is with the cause of American independence.
America would have a better system of government if we'd stuck with Britain
Honestly, I think earlier abolition alone is enough to make the case against the revolution, and it combined with less-horrible treatment of American Indians is more than enough. But it's worth taking a second to praise a less important but still significant consequence of the US sticking with Britain: we would've, in all likelihood, become a parliamentary democracy rather than a presidential one.
And parliamentary democracies are a lot, lot better than presidential ones. They're significantly less likely to collapse into dictatorship because they don't lead to irresolvable conflicts between, say, the president and the legislature. They lead to much less gridlock.
In the US, activists wanting to put a price on carbon emissions spent years trying to put together a coalition to make it happen, mobilizing sympathetic businesses and philanthropists and attempting to make bipartisan coalition — and they still failed to pass cap and trade, after millions of dollars and man hours. In the UK, the Conservative government decided it wanted a carbon tax. So there was a carbon tax. Just like that. Passing big, necessary legislation — in this case, legislation that's literally necessary to save the planet — is a whole lot easier with parliaments than with presidential systems.
This is no trivial matter. Efficient passage of legislation has huge humanitarian consequences. It makes measures of planetary importance, like carbon taxes, easier to get through; they still face political pushback, of course — Australia's tax got repealed, after all — but they can be enacted in the first place, which is far harder in the US system. And the efficiency of parliamentary systems enables larger social welfare programs that reduce inequality and improve life for poor citizens. Government spending in parliamentary countries is about 5 percent of GDP higher, after controlling for other factors, than in presidential countries. If you believe in redistribution, that's very good news indeed.
The Westminister system of parliamentary democracy also benefits from weaker upper houses. The US is saddled with a Senate that gives Wyoming the same power as California, which has more than 66 times as many people. Worse, the Senate is equal in power to the lower, more representative house. Most countries following the British system have upper houses — only New Zealand was wise enough to abolish it — but they're far, far weaker than their lower houses. The Canadian Senate and the House of Lords affect legislation only in rare cases. At most, they can hold things up a bit or force minor tweaks. They aren't capable of obstruction anywhere near the level of the US Senate.
Finally, we'd still likely be a monarchy, under the rule of Elizabeth II, and constitutional monarchy is the best system of government known to man. Generally speaking, in a parliamentary system, you need a head of state who is not the prime minister to serve as a disinterested arbiter when there are disputes about how to form a government — say, if the largest party should be allowed to form a minority government or if smaller parties should be allowed to form a coalition, to name a recent example from Canada. That head of state is usually a figurehead president elected by the parliament (Germany, Italy) or the people (Ireland, Finland), or a monarch. And monarchs are better.
Monarchs are more effective than presidents precisely because they lack any semblance of legitimacy. It would be offensive for Queen Elizabeth or her representatives in Canada, New Zealand, etc. to meddle in domestic politics. Indeed, when the governor-general of Australia did so in 1975 it set off a constitutional crisis that made it clear such behavior would not be tolerated. But figurehead presidents have some degree of democratic legitimacy and are typically former politicians. That enables a greater rate of shenanigans — like when Italian President Giorgio Napolitano schemed, successfully, to remove Silvio Berlusconi as prime minister due at least in part to German Chancellor Angela Merkel's entreaties to do so.
Napolitano is the rule, rather than the exception. Oxford political scientists Petra Schleiter and Edward Morgan-Jones have found that presidents, whether elected indirectly by parliament or directly by the people, are likelier to allow governments to change without new elections than monarchs are. In other words, they're likelier to change the government without any democratic input at all. Monarchy is, perhaps paradoxically, the more democratic option.
Watch: How America became a superpower
Mikhail Khodorkovsky spoke at Maidan in Kiev. The full transcript in English is available below.
Glory to the people of a new and democratic Ukraine.
Dear Friends
Crowd chanting: Russia, get up on your feet.
Khodorkovsky: Last night I was at Maidan with my Ukrainian friends. We spoke to folks here quite a lot. Russian propaganda has been telling lies, as always. There aren't any fascists or Nazis here. To be more accurate, there aren't any more of them than in the streets of Moscow or St. Petersburg. These are perfectly fine men here, Russians, Ukrainians, Crimean Tatars; there are Afghan war veterans here who are the same age as me. They are wonderful people who have successfully defended their freedom. I wish them luck and all the very best.
I was told and shown what the authorities did here. They did it with the consent of the Russian authorities. Over a hundred dead. Over 3,000 or 5,000 wounded. I have seen shields made of plywood that were used here against submachine gun rounds. I felt like crying. It was horrifying. It is not my government.
I want you to know that there is another Russia. There are people there who, during those days, took to the streets to participate in anti-war rallies. They did so despite arrests and many years that they will have to spend in prison. There are people there who value the friendship between the people of Ukraine and the people of Russia over their personal freedom.
Crowd chanting: Thank you, thank you.
Khodorkovsky. I believe that Russia and Ukraine have a common, shared European development path. And I wish you luck. (in Ukrainian now). Fight and you will overcome. Godspeed.
Thank you.
Charlie Brooker has confirmed what we all feared: 2016 has been far too action-packed to fit into one hour of Wipe.
Not that it's much of a surprise, really – it's definitely been a hell of a year.
But never fear, Wipe fans, it is definitely on its way, and all that's left for Charlie to do is cut half an hour off the 90 minutes its currently standing at. Which, quite honestly, sounds like a pretty massive task in itself.
"We're breaking the back of the 2016 Wipe edit," Charlie informed fans on Twitter. "Current rough cut is over 90m long though – we have to squish it into 60."
We're breaking the back of the 2016 Wipe edit. Current rough cut is over 90m long though - we have to squish it into 60. — Charlie Brooker (@charltonbrooker) December 13, 2016
To be fair, we reckon he's done well to keep it to 90 minutes after everything we've had to endure this year.
In fact, fans have even called for an extended version of Wipe featuring the whole 90 minutes to be shown on iPlayer, but Charlie has since ruled that out:
not that simple sadly — Charlie Brooker (@charltonbrooker) December 13, 2016
The Black Mirror creator gave us an hilarious tease of what he thinks of 2016 so far last month on an episode of Have I Got News For You, where he opened his hosting stint with a blood-curdling scream of despair right after Trump was announced as the new US President-elect.
"Sure, it may be bad news for minorities and women and the other many, many people he has insulted," he said.
"But on the plus side, progressively, they've elected their first openly crazy man to the most powerful office in the world."
And who knows what kind of effect the state of the world today will have on the very brilliant Black Mirror – Brooker has already said once that the reality of Trump and Boris Johnson has made the show "less funny".
Let's see just what he has to say when Wipe eventually airs, eh? Or, 60 minutes of what he has to say, at least.
Charlie Brooker's 2016 Wipe airs on Thursday, December 29 at 9pm on BBC Two.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment and tech news? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
Photo
AT first glance, Crocs and Coach might not appear to have much in common. One is known for its plastic clogs that, while comfortable, will never be beloved by the arbiters of style. The other is famous for deluxe leather handbags that command both high prices and respect from tony consumers.
But when it comes to their shares, Crocs and Coach have been treading a similar path in recent weeks, with both falling sharply after disappointing Wall Street when they announced their latest earnings. The trajectory of Crocs has been especially sharp, plunging 50 percent since the end of October after more than tripling this year. That's not the only similarity; in both cases, the drop was preceded by heavy selling among corporate officers and directors, including top executives. At Crocs, insiders dumped more than $176 million worth of their shares this year while Coach officers sold $57.2 million.
The last sale by Keith D. Monda, Coach's president and chief operating officer, took place Sept. 19, when he unloaded 50,000 shares at $50.64, netting $2.5 million. Within weeks, as worries mounted about the entire retail sector, Coach warned that it was “concerned with recent traffic trends in our North American retail stores,” and analysts cut their earnings estimates. By last week, Coach shares were trading at $32.58.
Heavy selling by insiders before a stock swoons doesn't necessarily mean they knew something before the rest of us found out the hard way — after all, selling (or buying) based on nonpublic information is illegal. Coach says the sales were part of routine dispositions by corporate officers who naturally want to diversify their holdings. A spokeswoman for Crocs declined to comment for this article.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The selling was hardly a secret: it was disclosed as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before the plunge, two Web sites, Seeking Alpha and Motley Fool, both wrote about the insider selling at Crocs. And Crocs has been a favorite of short sellers — investors betting on a drop in the stock. They think that Crocs could emulate other companies whose products exploded in popularity — like Boston Chicken and Krispy Kreme — but eventually faded.
One of the key points of contention in the current Israeli-Palestinian peace talks is whether the Palestinians will agree to recognize Israel as a Jewish state. This Israeli claim, which originated on the Israeli left at the height of the Second Intifada and has been part of the negotiations ever since, has been a major sticking point for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, who has thus far categorically rejected it.
But newly-rediscovered footage of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat may upend his successor's argument that Israel's demand is an unprecedented one that no Palestinian leader could accept. In the video, apparently of a 1988 press conference in Sweden, Arafat clearly states–in English–that “the PNC [Palestinian National Council] had accepted two states, a Palestine state and Jewish state–between brackets ‘Israel.'” Watch it below:
Last month, senior Haaretz columnist Ari Shavit recounted how Arafat had recognized Israel's Jewish character in a 2004 interview, calling it “The Arafat Precedent.” Some commentators disputed Shavit's account, however, arguing Arafat was only offering a de facto acknowledgment of the facts on the ground–Israel's Jewishness–not an actual affirmation. But this new footage of Arafat doing exactly that appears to vindicate Shavit's rendering of Arafat's view, and suggests that it is far from unprecedented for a Palestinian leader to accept Israel's Jewish nature as part of a peace agreement.
Whether Abbas will use this new evidence as cover for a compromise remains to be seen.
Previous: Did Netanyahu Invent the Demand that Israel be Recognized as a Jewish State?
Summer can fill a person with multiple sclerosis (MS) with anxiety, as hot weather often means more symptoms.
So while most people are heading outside to enjoy the hot weather, people with MS are often drawing the blinds, drinking cold drinks, and turning their fans on. Even vacations are a challenge, as each year people with MS often seek out places further from the equator or “adventures” that take place in air-conditioned coolness.
Overview
Increased activity, hot weather, hot baths and showers, saunas and hot tubs, are all sources of heat that can cause issues for someone living with MS. They can trigger a phenomenon known as an MS "pseudoexacerbation," which is the experience of having symptoms appear or worsen due to heat exposure.
It's important to understand that a pseudoexacerbation is different from a true relapse. In the case of a pseudoexacerbation, when the body's temperature returns to normal, MS symptoms disappear. You can also be reassured that no damage, such as inflammation, loss of myelin, or new lesions, has occurred during a pseudoexacerbation.
What Heat Intolerance Feels Like
Common symptoms worsened with heat (although every person with MS is different) include:
Numbness in the extremities
Fatigue
Blurred vision
Tremor
Weakness
Thinking problems
The truth is that any MS symptom can be much worse in the heat. Sometimes, symptoms appear that we might not have felt before, which is the result of a lesion in a corresponding area of the brain or spinal cord that was slight enough that it did not cause a relapse or symptoms dramatic enough to notice.
For example, a common target of the central nervous system for myelin attack in MS is the optic nerve. When demyelination occurs in the optic nerve, a person may develop blurry vision and/or eye pain. That being said, sometimes a person's experiences no symptoms or very subtle symptoms of optic neuritis. However, with heat exposure, their vision can become blurry. While uncomfortable, their vision restores when they cool down.
How Heat Intolerance Can Present
Heat intolerance differs for people in terms of:
Threshold: Some people can be just fine taking a brisk walk in 90-degree weather, as long as they avoid the sun and drink cold beverages. Others start feeling symptoms at much lower temperatures and with much less activity.
Some people can be just fine taking a brisk walk in 90-degree weather, as long as they avoid the sun and drink cold beverages. Others start feeling symptoms at much lower temperatures and with much less activity. Severity and type of symptoms: Again, depending on the person, symptoms can range from annoying, such as tingling in the feet, to debilitating, such as crushing fatigue or severe weakness.
Again, depending on the person, symptoms can range from annoying, such as tingling in the feet, to debilitating, such as crushing fatigue or severe weakness. Length of time to resolve symptoms: While all symptoms that result from heat intolerance should resolve once body temperature returns to normal, this takes longer for some people.
Causes
As people with MS, we can have demyelinating plaques in our brain, optic nerves, and spinal cords. This slows the ability of the affected areas to function, and heat further slows down nerve impulse transmission in these regions. In fact, even a very slight increase (as little as one-quarter to one-half a degree) in the body's core temperature is enough to cause symptoms of heat intolerance.
There are some people who are more sensitive to cold than to heat, and their symptoms, especially spasticity, worsen in cold temperatures. Lastly, some people with MS are sensitive to both cold and heat, usually with different symptoms appearing under different temperature extremes.
Prevalence
While there aren't any exact statistics on this, most of us have MS are sensitive to the heat. In fact, for many years, the "hot bath test” was used to diagnose MS. A person suspected of having MS was immersed in a hot tub of water and watched to see if neurologic symptoms appeared or got worse, which would earn them a diagnosis of MS. Now that we have more advanced screening options, like MRIs, this practice isn't needed.
A Word From Verywell
While heat intolerance can be extremely debilitating, the good news is that there are ways to manage it with cooling vests, hand-held mini fans, regularly drinking cold water, wearing loose-fitted, light clothes, and avoiding direct sunlight.
People have been asking FactCheck why so few journalists covered the news that Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been awarded something called the Sean MacBride Peace Prize.
The complaint is that the “mainstream media” as a whole has ignored a good news story about Mr Corbyn, perhaps in a sign that they are biased against him.
Left-wing bloggers have picked up on the lack of media interest, as have the websites of RT and Press TV, broadcasters funded by Russia and Iran respectively.
We think it's true that no major UK broadcaster or newspaper ran a substantive story on Mr Corbyn's prize. But we don't think it's that surprising. Here's why.
The prize doesn't generally get much coverage in the UK media
The Sean MacBride Peace Prize is awarded by an organisation called the International Peace Bureau (IPB).
It's named after the bureau's former chairman, who also briefly held the post of chief of staff of the IRA in the 1930s, before becoming a mainstream politician in Ireland.
He served as Ireland's foreign minister and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1974 in recognition of decades of human rights work.
Central to the story about Mr Corbyn facing a “media silence” is the idea that the prize is a prestigious one, and therefore something you would have expected the media to cover.
That's the suggestion made on the left-wing website Skwawkbox – it's a “landmark award” and a “major international award”.
Critics have noted that the International Peace Bureau effectively awarded the prize to itself last year. They named their own secretary-general, Colin Archer, as the winner.
Previous winners include Chelsea Manning, the former US soldier jailed for espionage after giving classified documents to Wikileaks.
We're not really in a position to say whether winning a Sean MacBride Peace Prize is or should be considered a major achievement: it's a matter of opinion.
But we can try to measure how much attention prizewinners usually get from the British media, to see whether Jeremy Corbyn is being unfairly scorned.
We used Factiva, a paid-for media archive, and searched for mentions of the prize in the UK media since it was established in 1992.
Leaving the search options as wide as possible (“all dates” and “all sources”), we can only find two mentions of the prize in UK newspapers.
One is a Sunday Times story from 1994 about activists trying to hand over the award to the Israeli nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu.
The other is a Guardian article from 2013 about a former winner – the Irish president Michael D Higgins.
There are a number of other mentions in Irish newspapers, mostly in respect of Mr Higgins as well.
We can't find a single example of a British or Irish newspaper covering the announcement of the winner as a newsworthy event in itself – as, say, the identity of the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize is usually reported every year as a news story.
A Google News search shows a similar general lack of interest in the Sean MacBride prize from the online news media.
Again, we can't find even one example of a major media outlet covering the prize as a news story in itself in previous years.
We can't be sure that the searches we've done cover every single story ever published in newspapers or online, and they certainly don't cover broadcast news.
But they do suggest that – rightly or wrongly – the British media doesn't tend to report on the awards.
The story of Corbyn's win is months old
Mr Corbyn accepted the prize in person in Geneva on Friday, but the news that he had won it was first announced via a press release in September.
The IPB said at the time that Mr Corbyn was due to receive the award at a ceremony in Barcelona in November, but they told FactCheck they changed the handover to a time and place more convenient for the Labour leader to attend.
The IPB issued a press release about Mr Corbyn's win, but we can't find any evidence that the Labour leader publicised it himself at the time.
A search of Labour press releases and Mr Corbyn's Twitter feed for any mention of the prize comes up blank.
And as far as we can tell from Google, none of the websites reporting the silence of the mainstream media now – skwawkbox, rt.com and presstv.com – covered the news that Mr Corbyn had been given the award back in September.
He wasn't the only winner
The 2017 Sean MacBride Peace Prize had three recipients this year: Mr Corbyn, the linguist and activist Noam Chomsky and a Japanese protest group – the Okinawa Council Against Henoko New Base.
It's the first time the prize has been split between three winners.
The verdict
It's true that there was little media interest in Mr Corbyn's peace prize. Is this a sign of institutional bias against him? Probably not.
We know that the media aren't ignoring the Labour leader in general. His speech to the United Nations in Geneva last week was widely covered by media outlets.
But it seems from our archive searches that the media generally pays little attention to the Sean MacBride Peace Prize. The prize has not historically been viewed as a particularly newsworthy event in the British media.
That may be fair or unfair, but it offers a more straightforward explanation than a nefarious media conspiracy of why Mr Corbyn's win got little attention.
It's a popular form of suburban revelry — pub crawls that use Metra to transport party-goers from one drinking establishment to the next. But according to a lawsuit filed in McHenry County, a crawl that happened on a Saturday night in February ended in tragedy.
Tyler Stewart, a 28-year-old Crystal Lake man, allegedly crashed his truck into a sedan after the final stop of a Metra pub crawl, killing himself and sedan driver Lawrence Madigan. Now Madigan's family is suing three bars in three different towns that allegedly were stopping points for the party, saying they share responsibility for Stewart's intoxication.
"He was overserved every step of the way," said attorney Jennifer Ashley.
One of the bars, Finn McCool's in Crystal Lake, denied the allegations in court papers, while another, Durty Nellie's in Palatine, did not respond to a message left by the Tribune.
But the owner of the third establishment, Peggy Kinnane's in Arlington Heights, the alleged starting point of the Feb. 11 pub crawl, said the crash took place hours after the group had left his place, and that the tavern bore no liability.
Derek Hanley said while Peggy Kinnane's frequently serves as a stop for Metra-oriented bar-hopping, his staff is trained to watch out for drunken patrons.
"You're under the assumption that they're on the train, and at the end, they take a cab or an Uber home," he said. "Logic would tell you that's the right thing to do. But unfortunately, not everyone is responsible like that."
Ashley said the pub crawl was meant as a birthday celebration, and that 40 to 50 people took part. The group began at Peggy Kinnane's, traveled by rail to Durty Nellie's and wrapped up at Finn McCool's before Stewart got into his truck, she said.
The McHenry County sheriff's office, which investigated the crash, did not respond to messages seeking comment. But sheriff's documents supplied by Ashley said Stewart was driving north on Walkup Road before swerving into the oncoming lane just outside Crystal Lake and colliding with Madigan, 68, a real estate agent who, according to his wife, had just left a meeting with a client.
Both men died of injuries sustained in the collision. A sheriff's report says a blood draw done at the hospital indicated that Stewart had a blood-alcohol level of 0.167.
The Madigan family's lawsuit contends that all three bars "caused (Stewart's) intoxication." The suit also targets Stewart's estate, saying Stewart negligently caused Madigan's death; a lawyer representing the estate denied the claim in court documents.
State "dram shop" laws cap taverns' liability at $149,000 when a patron injury or kills someone, Ashley said. But Madigan's wife of 45 years, Karaline, said she hoped the lawsuit would send a message.
"It really, really bothers me it happened the way it did, with all the alcohol that been consumed in that pub crawl," she said. "Why didn't anybody pay attention to this young man? Why didn't the bars pay attention to this stuff?"
A Metra spokesman said the commuter railroad doesn't sanction pub crawls or offer any policies on how to conduct them. Scott Presslak of the Yard Social Club, which organizes several suburban train crawls, said the group encourages people to take public transportation to and from the events.
Train crawls also are popular among charities. One of them, the Woodfield Area Children's Organization, posted a flyer online for a fundraising Metra crawl that took place in March. It included a list of rules, ending with this one:
"Please don't drink and drive. Uber, Lyft and taxis are highly encouraged for your trip home."
jkeilman@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @JohnKeilman
PLYMOUTH, Minn. - Drivers wearing headphones or earbuds -- listen up. The Plymouth Police Department will be watching for you.
It is illegal to drive while wearing headphones in both ears, according to Minnesota Statute 169.471, Subd. 2.
The law states, "No person, while operating a motor vehicle, shall wear headphones or earphones that are used in both ears simultaneously for purposes of receiving or listening to broadcasts or reproductions from radios, tape decks, or other sound-producing or transmitting devices.”
The Plymouth Police Department says they will focus on motorists who drive while wearing headphones for its February education and enforcement efforts, to help reduce crashes and raise awareness.
“Every month, the Plymouth Police Department has a traffic initiative that we try and focus on one statute across the entire department, not just our traffic unit, and this month we have selected earbuds or headphones in both ears while operating a motor vehicle,” said Plymouth police officer Scott Kirchner.
They say drivers can use an earbud but they must make sure one ear is available to listen for traffic-related noises, sirens, a honking horn or squealing brakes.
“Since Jan. 1 of last year, just over a year of data, we have had contact with 608 drivers who have used dual earbuds while driving,” said Lt. Tiffani Nielson with the Minnesota State Patrol. “One earbud is acceptable, but as soon as you have obstructed the hearing in both ears by and earbud, then that violates the state law.”
BATON ROUGE — Today, Gov. John Bel Edwards sent a letter to U.S. Senators Bill Cassidy and John Kennedy urging them to oppose the Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA).
In the letter, Gov. Edwards outlines how the bill will result in loss of coverage for millions of Americans, punishes Louisiana for running a lean Medicaid program, and effectively eliminates our state's Medicaid expansion resulting in hundreds of thousands of Louisianans losing lifesaving primary care access.
“The BCRA cuts funding for health care to states that will result in the loss of coverage for millions of Americans, punishes Louisiana for running a lean Medicare program and effectively eliminates our state's Medicaid expansion, resulting in hundreds of thousands of Louisianans losing lifesaving access to primary and diagnostic care,” Edwards wrote.
According to Edwards' statement, 433,412 working poor people in Louisiana have gained health coverage since expanding the Medicaid program on July 1, 2016. In the first year of expansion, Louisiana saved approximately $200 million. For the fiscal year that begins on July 1, 2018, the state is expected to save more than $300 million.
“We agree that health care is too expensive, that some individual markets are in jeopardy, and that our citizens deserve better,” Edwards said. “But this bill fixes none of these problems.”
“We can do better,” Edwards said.
The deputy director of the Montreal police service (SPVM), Bernard Lamothe, has been relieved of his functions for the duration of an investigation into allegations that the police force fabricated evidence to silence whistleblowers.
An email from police Chief Philippe Pichet, obtained by CBC's French-language network Radio-Canada, explained that the decision followed "information shared by the Sûreté du Québec."
"Citizens' confidence is a priority for my organization and myself," Pichet went on to say in the email.
He said that Lamothe was being relieved of his duties immediately and for an indefinite period, "until everything has come to light."
Pichet told CBC later on Friday that it was a difficult time at the SPVM.
"Since I've been here, I've made some structural changes. I'm working on the culture, but that takes time, it takes years," Pichet said.
"But at the same time, if people do something wrong, we will take action."
Administrative inquiry led by Michel Bouchard
The SPVM has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks, amid allegations its internal affairs department fabricated evidence against whistleblowers.
Pichet asked the Sûreté du Quebec to investigate the allegations, a move supported by Quebec's Public Security Minister Martin Coiteux.
Since those initial allegations surfaced, several more worrying cases were brought to Coiteux's attention by the SQ, the public security minister said last week.
At that time, Coiteux announced his decision to call for a parallel "administrative investigation" of the Montreal police based on those new allegations.
Public Security Minister Martin Coiteux said he has full confidence in Michel Bouchard, a former deputy minister of Justice, to conduct the administrative inquiry. (CBC)
Today, Coiteux named the man who will lead that investigation: former deputy minister of Justice, Michel Bouchard.
"Mr. Bouchard possesses vast experience and a flawless reputation, and I'm convinced that he would be able to take an impartial look at the situation and propose the best solutions possible," Coiteaux said in a news release Friday.
A former Crown prosecutor, Bouchard has also worked as associate deputy minister of Justice at the federal level. He also led the administrative inquiry into the helicopter prison breaks in Saint-Jérôme in 2013 and Orsainville in 2014, as well as the inquiry into the management of the Hells Angels mega-trial in 2015.
"He's qualified, credible and capable," Coiteux said.
Report due in September
Bouchard will examine how the SPVM's internal investigations work, including management, coaching and procedures.
He will then need to make recommendations to improve practices relative to internal investigations.
​Coiteux said it's important public confidence be re-established quickly.
His report is to be handed over to Coiteux by Sept. 15 at the latest and is expected to be made public after that.
On my latest trip to the farmer's market, I found a great surprise. I stumbled upon this beautiful bunch of purslanes! My excitement quickly grew as this little green, which many people view as an invasive weed, is a little nutrition powerhouse! Full of omega 3's, one cup of purslane contains 400 mg of alpha-linolenic acid, and 2,000 IU's of vitamin A. It is also high in calcium and potassium. It is a great addition to your raw food diet.
I have been scouring my yard for this little beauty, knowing I have weeded it out many times. Now, that I know just how healthy it is, my yard hasn't been cooperating. But the farmer's market did!
Purslane has a bit of a mild sweet-sour taste. All parts of the plant are edible but make sure if you are wild harvesting make sure that you wash it well (it does grow on the ground) and it has not been sprayed with any pesticides or fertilizer. In Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Mexico, purslane is used frequently in recipes. Originating in India, it was said to be Gandhi's favorite food and was grown as food crop years ago. One other tip…if the “purslane” you have harvested has a milky white sap in it, throw it away. It is not purslane but something called spruge. It is poisonous.
Check back tomorrow to see what I have done with my purslane!
We did this comic as part of the Little Bird Project kick off event art show we're contributing art to being put on by Sarah H. at the Mama Cafe in the outer Mission on Oct. 13th (see details of art show). The show will attempt to address the subject of street harassment through the arts, focused in San Francisco and specifically the Mission district.
Although this comic deals with the very serious subject of street harassment towards women, we tried to approach it in a humorous manner (we're always cartoonists first, activists second). It's always difficult to try to bring humor to such sensitive topics, but hopefully what we achieved with this was a funny comic that will help start a dialog in men's minds and get them to think about how they interact with women in the street. We had a long talk/interview with Sarah before coming up with the script for this comic (which me and Mikey wrote together) trying to think of an angle to address the comic. We decided on the format of a conversation between two bro-ed out Catbirds (the theme of the art show – a little grey bird that makes the stereotypical catcall sound) because we thought it would be important to have the discussion come from a male's perspective, so male readers wouldn't feel like they were being lectured with a feminist message and “throw down the book before they got the message”. Plus, bro speak is just kind of inherently funny, so a lot of the comedy just wrote itself. There were plenty more points we wanted to make about street harassment, but we're limited by the 8 page mini-comic format… Maybe a sequel someday, maybe even have him interact with Happy Bunny in the Shady Brook universe.
Oh yeah, this comic was drawn by Mikey, Audrey, Justin and myself based off a script inspired by talking with Sarah and written by Mike and me.
Not to be confused with Tokyo Rose (disambiguation)
JOAK microphone & Iva Toguri (falsely dubbed 'Tokyo Rose'), National Museum of American History
Tokyo Rose (alternative spelling Tokio Rose) was a name given by Allied troops in the South Pacific during World War II to all female English-speaking radio broadcasters of Japanese propaganda.[1] The programs were broadcast in the South Pacific and North America to demoralize Allied troops abroad and their families at home by emphasizing troops' wartime difficulties and military losses.[1][2] Several female broadcasters operated under different aliases and in different cities throughout the Empire, including Tokyo, Manila, and Shanghai.[3] The name "Tokyo Rose" was never actually used by any Japanese broadcaster,[2][4] but it first appeared in U.S. newspapers in the context of these radio programs in 1943.[5]
During the war, Tokyo Rose was not any one individual, but rather a group of largely unconnected women working within the same propagandist effort throughout the Japanese Empire.[3] In the years shortly following the war, the figure of 'Tokyo Rose' – whom the FBI now avers to be "mythical" – became an important symbol of Japanese villainy for the United States.[1] American cartoons,[6][7] films,[8][9][10] and propaganda videos[11] between 1945 and 1960 tend to portray her as highly sexualized, manipulative, and deadly to American interests in the South Pacific, particularly by leaking intelligence of American losses in radio broadcasts. Similar accusations surround the propaganda broadcasts of Lord Haw-Haw[12] and Axis Sally,[13] and in 1949 the San Francisco Chronicle described Tokyo Rose as the "Mata Hari of radio."[14]
Tokyo Rose ceased to be merely a symbol in September 1945 when Iva Toguri D'Aquino, an American-born Japanese disc jockey for a propagandist radio program, attempted to return to the United States.[1] Toguri was accused of being the 'real' Tokyo Rose, arrested, tried, and became the seventh person in U.S. history to be convicted of treason.[1] Toguri was eventually paroled from prison in 1956, but it was more than 20 years before she received an official presidential pardon for her role in the war.[1]
Iva Toguri and The Zero Hour [ edit ]
Although she broadcast under the name "Orphan Ann," Iva Toguri has been known as "Tokyo Rose" since her return to the United States in 1945. An American citizen and the daughter of Japanese immigrants, Toguri traveled to Japan to tend to a sick aunt just prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor.[15] Unable to leave the country when war broke out with the United States, unable to stay with her aunt's family as an American citizen, and unable to receive any aid from her parents who were placed in internment camps in Arizona, Toguri eventually took a job as a part-time typist at Radio Tokyo (NHK).[3] She was quickly recruited as a broadcaster for the 75-minute propagandist program The Zero Hour, which consisted of skits, news reports, and popular American music.[2]
According to studies conducted in 1968, of the 94 men who were interviewed and who recalled listening to The Zero Hour while serving in the Pacific, 89% recognized it as propaganda, and less than 10% felt "demoralized" by it.[2] 84% of the men listened because the program had "good entertainment," and one GI remarked, "[l]ots of us thought she was on our side all along."[2]
After World War II ended in 1945, the U.S. military detained Toguri for a year before releasing her for lack of evidence. Department of Justice officials agreed that her broadcasts were "innocuous".[16] But when Toguri tried to return to the United States, a popular uproar ensued because Walter Winchell (a powerful broadcasting personality) and the American Legion lobbied relentlessly for a trial, prompting the Federal Bureau of Investigation to renew its investigation[17] of Toguri's wartime activities. Her 1949 trial resulted in a conviction on one of eight counts of treason. In 1974, investigative journalists found that key witnesses claimed that they were forced to lie during testimony. U.S. President Gerald Ford pardoned Toguri in 1977.[1]
Tokyo Mose [ edit ]
Walter Kaner (May 5, 1920 – June 27, 2005) was a journalist and radio personality who broadcast under the name Tokyo Mose during and after World War II. Kaner aired on US Army Radio, at first to offer comic rejoinders to the propaganda broadcasts of Tokyo Rose and then as a parody to entertain U.S. troops abroad. In U.S.-occupied Japan, his "Moshi, Moshi Ano-ne" jingle was sung to the tune of "London Bridge is Falling Down" and became so popular with Japanese children and GIs that the army paper called it "the Japanese occupation theme song." In 1946, Elsa Maxwell referred to Kaner as "the breath of home to unknown thousands of our young men when they were lonely."[18]
Popular culture [ edit ]
Tokyo Rose has been the subject of songs, movies, and documentaries:
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Scientists are watching a new species evolve before their eyes — even as the original species evolves in another direction.
A new study published in PLOS Genetics by researchers from Eawag and the University of Bern examines the rapid evolution of new species of threespine stickleback in a Swiss lake, reported Phys.org.
The fish are considered a nuisance by fisherman in Lake Constance, and they appear to be successful in various parts of the lake, which is broken into three main bodies of water, regardless of environmental factors.
That's because they can evolve so rapidly to adapt to new environments they encounter in the lake, which is on the Rhine River in the Swiss Alps.
An elaborate genetic study found two forms of the fish — one that thrives in the lake itself and another adapted to inflowing streams.
Lake stickleback migrate into those streams during spawning season, yet the two distinct forms have evolved away from one another in a short period of time.
Independent species typically develop by adapting to separate habitats and reproducing in isolation — but the new variation of the stickleback evolved alongside its original variant.
“It was completely unexpected for the species to diverge over such a short period, given that the sticklebacks breed at the same time and at the same sites,” said the study's lead author, David Marques.
The researchers said the rapid evolution serves as a model for how other species diverged into two or more distinct species.
During those years at Epcot, DellaPenna played without the mask and costume. However, when the contract at Epcot concluded, Cast in Bronze found itself without work and searching for other venues.
DellaPenna, unsure if Cast in Bronze would survive, agreed to perform at the Florida Renaissance Festival before returning to his home. Having nothing to lose and trusting his instinct, he donned the costume and mask for the first time at this festival. Audiences were drawn to this mysterious musical presentation and Cast in Bronze found work for the rest of the year! Perhaps the mask wasn't so foolish after all.
DellaPenna has willingly relinquished his identity to the “Spirit of the Bells” for the good of the carillon and Cast in Bronze. It is his hope that others will continue his mission to raise appreciation and awareness of this rare instrument so the carillon and the “Spirit of the Bells” will live forever.
When was Cast in Bronze created and why?
Cast in Bronze was the first musical act in the world to feature the carillon. Frank DellaPenna created Cast in Bronze in 1991 as an experiment to see if people would accept the haunting sound of the carillon combined with other instruments. Through the encouragement and support of thousands of fans, Cast in Bronze slowly evolved into what it is today.
Where are carillons located?
There are more than 500 carillons in existence. For the official world directory of carillons in the world visit: www.carillon.org
How many bells?
Both the original traveling carillon and the new traveling carillon of Cast in Bronze contain 35 bells each, (C4-C7). Each instrument weighs just over 4 tons.
The Millennium Traveling Carillon has 48 bells and weighs approximately 13 tons: www.chimemaster.com/mobilemillennium.com
What are the names on the bells?
The bells on the original traveling carillon were cast in 1980 for the John Hall family of Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania. The eight largest bells are named after the eight children of John Hall.
The 10 new bells on the DellaPenna Traveling Carillon bear the inscription “Cast in Bronze”. The names of Cast in Bronze's owners/founders are inscribed on the largest bell, which is called the bourdon.
Where does one learn to play the carillon?
There are a number of universities in the United States that offer courses in carillon study. For a list, visit: www.gcna.org
The North American Carillon School, located in Illinois, was recently chartered to provide carillon education for musicians of all levels, beginner to advanced. It is an affiliate of the Royal Carillon School “Jef Denyn”, Mechelen, Belgium. For more information on the school and its course offerings, please visit: www.carillonschoolusa.org
There are also three carillon schools in Europe: Mechelen, Belgium; Amersfoort, The Netherlands; and Douai, France.
How old is the carillon?
The exact date is unknown, but historians estimate that the carillon was created about 500 years ago as a folk instrument.
How can Cast in Bronze be performing at two places at the same time?
There are now three traveling carillons in the United States, making simultaneous engagements possible, thereby sharing Cast in Bronze's music with more listeners.
As the Senate debates new impaired driving legislation, some Senators are expressing concern with how the legislation will impact medical cannabis patients.
Bill C-46, the impaired driving companion legislation to Bill C-45, the Cannabis Act, provides a host of new proposed rules and limits for those impaired by drugs or alcohol, as well as new rights for police to screen drivers for these substances.
Thus far, the debate in the Senate around C-46, An Act to amend the Criminal Code (offences relating to conveyances) and to make consequential amendments to other Acts, has focused largely on both the need for more robust impaired driving legislation, not only for cannabis and other drugs, but also alcohol, as well as concerns raised by numerous experts in the House Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights in relation to the constitutionality of some of the more aggressive and intrusive aspects of the bill.
In relation to cannabis and THC, the bill proposes three legal limits be enacted to set a summary conviction:
1) When a driver is found to have between two and five nanograms of THC per millilitre of blood. This offence would be punishable by a maximum fine of $1,000 and a discretionary driving prohibition of up to one year.
2) A hybrid offence, a more serious criminal offence that would apply when a driver had 5 or more nanograms of THC per millilitre of blood.
3) A hybrid offence would apply when drivers have more than 2.5 nanograms of THC per millilitre of blood in combination with 50 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood.
The second and third offences would be punishable by mandatory penalties of $1,000 for the first offence and increasing penalties for repeat offenders, with maximum penalties being similar to those for alcohol-impaired driving.
In the few hours of debate at second reading so far, Senators who have spoken have expressed support for the bill, but also cautioned that some of the limits may be challenged in court, especially in relation to concerns with the accuracy of available testing equipment in determining impairment rather than simply the presence of THC or cannabinoids. This is especially true for medical cannabis users who may have a higher threshold for cannabis and because cannabinoids can stay in one's system for several hours or days after consumption.
In a speech on November 22, Senator Saint-Germain said she had concerns that the legislation could discriminate against medical cannabis patients.
“Canadians who use cannabis for medical purposes may be disproportionately affected by the new approach,” said Saint-Germain. “Does Bill C-46 take these Canadians' circumstances into account? These measures should not inadvertently discriminate against patients who use medical cannabis to treat conditions like chronic pain. Not only will the committee have to examine whether this measure complies with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, but it will also have to consider the alternatives available to medical cannabis users in this context.
“We know that tolerance for cannabis varies widely from one individual to another, as does the length of time that traces of THC stay in a person's system,” continued the Independent Senator from De la Vallière, Quebec. “The different consumption methods could also have an impact, which is something that has not been discussed much so far. However, the data currently available suggests that to avoid driving over the limit, long-time users of medical cannabis may have to wait several days before getting behind the wheel, even if their faculties remain unimpaired.”
“In light of the havoc that drugs are causing on Canadian roads, my instinct is to support this approach. However, having studied the issue in greater depth and exchanged at length with officials of the government, I believe that this minimum threshold of 2 nanograms will need to be examined in committee. The risk is that this threshold, the low threshold of 2 nanograms, not only criminalizes Canadians who are not impaired at all, for instance medical marijuana users, as Senators St. Germain and Gold pointed out last week, but also weakens the legislation itself.” - Senator Andre Pratte
Senator Marc Gold noted similar concerns, referencing a R v. Smith, a Supreme Court case from 2015 that opened the door to patients possessing non-dried forms of cannabis based on the Canadian Charter of Rights.
“In the Smith case,” said Senator Gold, “the court ruled that access to cannabis products for medical purposes also engaged section 7. For reasons underlined by Senator Saint-Germain in her remarks yesterday, this raises the possibility that the bill may infringe the Charter rights of those who are using cannabis for medical reasons. Why? Because THC can remain detectable within a regular user's blood for days and even weeks after it was last consumed."
“Medical users have this Hobson's choice: either they need to stop their consumption for many days prior to operating a vehicle or simply forego forever their ability to drive. Moreover, a medical cannabis user will tend to have a higher tolerance level than a less frequent user and, therefore, will not demonstrate the same level of impairment as the occasional user even if both have the same level of THC in their systems. As such, a medical marijuana user may fail the per se test but in no way be impaired.
“I acknowledge that the latter point can be said to apply equally to regular recreational users of cannabis. However, there seems to be a difference between the case of a person who has chosen to ingest drugs sometime before driving, notwithstanding the law, and one who is prescribed cannabis for medical reasons, as is their constitutional right, rightly or wrongly, and is therefore unable to drive without committing an offence.”
On November 29, referencing the testimony of a government expert in the House Committee, Senator Andre Pratte says he sees the two nanogram limit as being open to court challenges and weakening the bill.
“Some will say that given the characteristics of cannabis and the scientific uncertainties that persist, these limits—that's two nanograms per milliliter of blood and five nanograms per milliliter of blood—are arbitrary. As they stand, however, they are based on the best scientific knowledge available as compiled by the drugs and driving committee of the Canadian society of Forensic Scientists.”
“In light of the havoc that drugs are causing on Canadian roads, my instinct is to support this approach. However, having studied the issue in greater depth and exchanged at length with officials of the government, I believe that this minimum threshold of 2 nanograms will need to be examined in committee. The risk is that this threshold, the low threshold of 2 nanograms, not only criminalizes Canadians who are not impaired at all, for instance medical marijuana users, as Senators St. Germain and Gold pointed out last week, but also weakens the legislation itself.”
Last June, Public Safety Canada released the results of their Oral Fluid Drug Screening Device Pilot Project which tested two oral fluid drug screening devices, the Securetec DrugRead and the Alere DDS-2. These devices have been used and tested in other jurisdictions, as well.
The program was intended to help coincide with the government's promise to legalize cannabis, and was in collaboration with Public Safety Canada, the RCMP, and the Canadian Council of Motor Transport Administrators.
The report concludes that, with proper training, the devices are reliable and a "useful tool" for Canadian law enforcement and the Canadian climate and environment, but concerns around the devices reliability, as well as concerns that THC limits are being set too low have been expressed by numerous experts.
The Senate will continue their debate of Bill C-46 at second reading before sending it to committee for review. Bill C-45, the Cannabis Act, is also scheduled to begin second reading Thursday, November 30.
C-46 was passed by the House on October 27 and was first tabled in the Senate for first reading on November 1. Second reading began a week later on November 7, with the bill being debated five times so far, on the 7th, the 22nd, the 23rd, and 29th, for a total of about 2 hours.
Featured image via Wiki Commons.
NEW DELHI: Anticipating rising cost of women employees, the Federation of Small and Medium Enterprises (FISME) is set to ask the government to bear additional cost after the 12th week of paid maternity leaves.The Rajya Sabha has already passed the maternity benefit Bill, which seeks to increase paid maternity leave from the existing 12 weeks to 26 weeks. The Bill is expected to be passed by the Lok Sabha in the Winter Session due in next three months."The apprehension is quite real. The impact will be quite negative and lead to further gender bias. The social security cost is quite high plus we are imposing more cost on the small firms (by increasing maternity leave)," FISME Secretary General Anil Bhardwaj told PTI."Maternity leaves for women are important, but government should bear the cost if it wants that special privilege to be given to a section of society. Small firms may not be able to bear the cost. So, they will naturally shy away from hiring women once the law kicks in."The Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Bill, 2016, was passed by the Rajya Sabha earlier this month, in a step aimed at benefiting about 1.8 million women in the organised sector and increasing the strength of women workforce.The new law will be applicable to all establishments employing 10 or more people.The amendments include increasing maternity leave from 12 weeks to 26 weeks for mothers with two surviving children, 12 weeks for more than two children, 12 weeks for a commissioning and adopting mother and a mandatory creche in respect of establishment with 50 or more employees."The additional benefits may have an effect on the hiring of female married employees in micro, small and medium organisations," said Sidharth Goel, Director, KNG Agro."Establishment of creche, fully-paid 26 weeks of leave are really difficult to adhere to for a small organisation having a tight budget as the amendment will increase institutional cost and require engaging substitute staff to ensure business continuity," said Rajendra Garg, Director, Anupam Sinks Pvt.The estimated contribution of the MSME sector, including the service segment, to the country's GDP in 2012-13 was 37.54 per cent while the total employment in the sector is 805.24 lakh and the share of MSMEs in India's total exports for 2014-15 stood at 44.7 per cent.
Why does being a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament matter?
Because undefeated Kentucky is going to be a No. 1 seed. Joining the Wildcats in that club guarantees one thing: If your team is going to play UK, it won't have to occur until you've already celebrated a Final Four appearance.
MORE: Best teams that didn't win | Projecting the field of 68 | Coach bans team from own locker room
So it matters more this year than in a long while. And the battle that will be fought over the next thee weeks should be thrilling given the quality of the competing teams.
This ranking is not a reflection of where the No. 1 seeds in the 2015 NCAA Tournament would stand if the tournament were to begin today.
It does not begin today. It begins March 17 with the First Four in Dayton, after three more weeks of competition.
This is a projection of what the seeds may look like when the NCAA men's basketball committee – you know them as the “selection committee” – gets closer to Selection Sunday on March 15. It includes some of the key data, as well as the remaining schedules for each contending team.
In the category of “bad losses”, a team that is in contention for selection that loses to an opponent ranked in the top 100 would not generally be downgraded too severely for that performance. However, when competing for a top spot in the bracket, the standard is more severe.
No. 1 seeds
Kentucky
Record: 27-0
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 4-0
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 10-0
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 17-0
Bad losses: None
Best wins: Kansas, North Carolina, at Louisville
Remaining schedule: at Mississippi State, Arkansas, at Georgia, Florida, SEC Tournament
Next up: Wednesday at Mississippi State (12-15), 7 p.m., SEC Network
Overview: It would require a monumental collapse for the Wildcats not to wind up the No. 1 overall seed, with a path taking them from Louisville in the opening weekend, Cleveland for the Midwest Regional and then on to Indianapolis for the Final Four.
Duke
Record: 24-3
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 4-0
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 10-1
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 15-3
Bad losses: at N.C. State, Miami
Best wins: at Wisconsin, at Virginia, at Louisville
Remaining schedule: at Virginia Tech, Syracuse, Wake Forest, at North Carolina, ACC Tournament
Next up: Wednesday at Virginia Tech (10-17), 9 p.m., ESPN2
Overview: Duke has the most impressive collection of victories of any No. 1 seed, including two on the homecourts of teams competing for No. 1 seeds. However, the Blue Devils still have to visit North Carolina for the traditional season-ending ACC game as well as compete with the Tar Heels, UVa and others for the ACC Tournament title. If they lost to the Heels and early in the ACC, it's conceivable the Devils could slip off their perch.
Gonzaga
Record: 28-1
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 1-1
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 4-1
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 8-1
Bad losses: None
Best wins: SMU, Georgia, at St. John's
Remaining schedule: San Diego, BYU, WCC Tournament
Next up: Thursday vs. San Diego, 11 p.m. ESPN2
Overview: The near-annual “they don't play anybody” nonsense this time surrounds the Zags, whose only loss was on the road at a No. 1 seed contender by three points in overtime. Really? We have to do this again? Even though Butler made the Final Four twice this decade, VCU once and Wichita State? If you beat everybody you play, or nearly everybody, you're exceptional. It's amazing how often some people choose to be wrong.
Wisconsin
Record: 25-2
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 2-1
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 6-1
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 13-1
Bad losses: at Rutgers
Best wins: Georgetown, Oklahoma, at Iowa
Remaining schedule: at Maryland, Michigan State, at Minnesota, at Ohio State, Big Ten Tournament
Next up: Tuesday at Maryland, 7 p.m., ESPN
Overview: The Badgers will have to earn their seed. A Big Ten schedule that probably was too light for a team favored to win the league at last gains some teeth, with visits to the next two most talented teams in the league (Maryland, Ohio State). The way they've performed suggests they can handle this, but the most the Badgers could afford to lose and still hold onto the top line is one game.
No. 2 seeds
Virginia
Record: 25-1
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 4-1
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 6-1
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 14-1
Bad losses: None
Best wins: at Maryland, at VCU, at North Carolina
Remaining schedule: at Wake Forest, Virginia Tech, at Syracuse, at Louisville, ACC Tournament
Next up: Saturday vs. Virginia Tech, 4 p.m., ESPN3
Overview: There's no doubting that UVa has played to a No. 1 seed to this point. The Cavaliers' ability to win on the road is astounding. The question is whether they can continue to perform at this level without star forward Justin Anderson. They've managed to win every game he has missed to this point, but there have been a few close calls. Closing with three of the last four on the road will make completing this job difficult.
Arizona
Record: 24-3
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 3-0
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 5-0
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 12-3
Bad losses: at Arizona State, at Oregon State, at UNLV
Best wins: Gonzaga, Utah, San Diego State
Remaining schedule: at Colorado, at Utah, California, Stanford, Pac-12 Tournament
Next up:
Overview: There's no way Arizona loses another game and stays in the chase. The Wildcats have to win Saturday at Utah. But if they win Saturday at Utah, that will rank with the best victories any contender owns. That may not be enough to carry them past Gonzaga or one of the others, but it might be enough to keep them from being shipped to the Midwest Region, which might be the greatest concern for Wildcats fans.
Villanova
Record: 25-2
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 5-1
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 9-1
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 13-2
Bad losses: at Seton Hall
Best wins: VCU, at Butler, at Providence, Georgetown
Remaining schedule: Providence, at Xavier, at Creighton, St. John's, Big East Tournament
Next up: Tuesday vs. Providence, 7 p.m., Fox Sports 1
Overview: Villanova's astonishing consistency remains its best weapon in the pursuit of a No. 1 seed. In a league where a flat performance could easily get a good team beaten on the road, the Wildcats never take a night off. They've gotten through most of the biggest challenges in the conference, but playing at Xavier could be tricky.
Kansas
Record: 22-5
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 6-3
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 9-5
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 14-5
Bad losses: None
Best wins: Utah, Iowa State, at Baylor
Remaining schedule: at Kansas State, Texas, West Virginia, at Oklahoma, Big 12 Tournament
Next up: Monday at Kansas State, 9 p.m., ESPN
Overview: The Big 12 is loaded with quality teams, though few great ones. Kansas' ownership of that league has gotten them into this discussion, and certainly a continued strong performance should keep them on the No. 2 line. But a 1-seed with five losses in a season this strong? That does not compute.
Contenders
Notre Dame
Record: 24-4
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 2-3
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 5-4
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 8-4
Bad losses: None
Best wins: Duke, at North Carolina, Michigan State
Remaining schedule: Syracuse, at Louisville, Clemson, ACC Tournament
Next up: Tuesday vs. Syracuse, 8 p.m., ESPN3
Overview: The Irish surprisingly rank all the way down at No. 27 in the RPI standings, the price for playing eight teams ranked higher than 200th, five of those below 300. It's hard to understand why ND doesn't use its scheduling power more effectively, but won't be that much of a mystery if they wind up as a 3 seed.
Utah
Record: 21-5
Record vs. RPI Top 25: 1-3
Record vs. RPI Top 50: 3-4
Record vs. RPI Top 100: 9-5
Bad losses: None
Best wins: Wichita State, UCLA, Stanford
Remaining schedule: Arizona State, Arizona, at Washington State, at Washington, Pac-12 Tournament
Next up: Thursday vs. Arizona State, 10:30 p.m, Fox Sports 1
Overview: The relative absence of high-quality victories – as well as that fifth loss that came Sunday against Oregon — will keep Utah out of the No. 1 seed conversation and make the Utes the most disposable of the 2-seed contenders. But they could solidify their contention for the 2 line with a home win over Arizona and a Pac-12 tourney title.
The investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 has turned toward the co-pilot, whom a French prosecutor says locked the captain cockpit before deliberately flying the plane into the ground and killing all 150 people aboard.
That revelation, which came today, casts Tuesday's crash in a chilling light but would explain why an Airbus A320—an industry workhorse with an excellent safety record—with an experienced crew went down in picture-perfect conditions without raising an alert.
The captain, whom authorities have not identified, left the cockpit soon after the airplane reached cruising altitude for what was to be a two-hour flight from Barcelona to Dusseldorf. The captain could not get back into the cockpit. A military official told The New York Times the cockpit voice recorder, recovered from the crash site Tuesday, reveals “the guy outside is knocking lightly on the door, and there is no answer. You can hear he is trying to smash the door down.”
You might think that the captain, of all people, would have unfettered access to the cockpit. But the cockpit door appears to have worked exactly as it was designed. Since November 1, 2003, any aircraft carrying more than 60 people or certified with a maximum takeoff weight of 50 tons or more flying in European Union airspace must have an "approved flight crew compartment door that is designed to resist penetration by small arms fire and grenade shrapnel, and to resist forcible intrusions by unauthorized persons."
The rule, which mirrors FAA regulations, was implemented after 9/11 to protect pilots in the event of a hijacking. "The purpose of the door is to keep out unwanted intruders," says Douglas Moss, who flew A320s for 16 years before switching to a Boeing 777 about a year ago. But if the French prosecutor is correct, Germanwings Flight 9525 is a rare instance in which this rule worked against the safety of the aircraft and those aboard it.
The doors Airbus uses on the A320 is by default programmed to lock. But there is a switch in the cockpit that can be toggled from "norm," "unlock," and "lock." In normal circumstances, crew members entering the cockpit push a single button on a 12-digit key pad. It works much like a doorbell: A chime rings in the cockpit, and the captain or co-pilot presses "unlock" to open the door.
Should the pilots be incapacitated, a fail-safe allows authorized crew to open the door by entering an emergency code in the keypad. That sounds an alarm inside the cockpit; if there is no reply within 20 to 30 seconds, the door unlocks for approximately five seconds.
Here's the thing, though: Anyone in the cockpit can hit the "lock" button and override the emergency code, barring anyone from entering. "You can prevent that door from unlocking," Moss says. "That keypad can only be worked successfully if there's no response from inside the cockpit."
"If the person in the cockpit is deliberately trying to keep people out, there's really no way around that."
Here's an Airbus-produced instructional video explaining how the whole system works:
Author: GosuGamers Power Rankings Committee
Next month's Spring Global Championship is on everyone's mind and the twelve qualified teams have been determined. In the weeks leading up to this massive event, competitors can't help but be cautious about revealing their strategies or sharing insights about the state of the game. As a result, March has been filled with non-standard hero picks and unusual strategies that we may or may not see again.
On top of this, one of the largest patches with the most sweeping game changes was announced just days ago, placing an expiration date on standard competitive play. Depending on how teams adjust, next month this list might look radically different.
Our Heroes of the Storm Power Rankings tell the stories of the top 20 teams from all over the world, with arrows indicating teams that have moved up or down the rankings. Which teams have risen to recent challenges? Which have fallen through the cracks? Which heroes do they frequently pick or enjoy success with? Get yourself caught up and meet the teams currently leading the charge in competitive Heroes of the Storm.
Power Rankings
1. MVP Black
Signature Heroes : Kael'thas + Uther
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
MVP Black has proven time and time again to be one of the best teams in Heroes esports. Their most recent domination of the 2016 Super League only solidifies their top ranked position. They've won their last 17 matches and only lost one game in the entire Super League series. MVP black will have to defend their title in the upcoming Spring Global Championship, so you can bet every other team has been training to face them specifically.
2. Cloud9
Signature Heroes : Uther + Muradin
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
Despite the influx of new talent flooding the North American scene, Cloud9 still manage to stay on top in North America. Recently they've had some tough competition, but their 13-match hot streak reflects their uncanny ability to win when it matters. Their recent victory at Enter the Storm NA Cup #2 extends their momentum as they head to Korea as one the favorites to win the Spring Global Championship.
3. eStar
Signature Heroes : Anub'arak + Jaina
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
eStar are still considered the best Chinese Heroes of the Storm team. It's unfortunate that they haven't competed in many tournaments since January, but their decisive victory during the Leifeng Cup, as well as the fact that they're currently on a 10-match winning streak, reminds us that eStar are more than prepared to play in the Spring Global Championship.
4. Dignitas
Signature Heroes : Arthas + Zagara
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
Dignitas made a serious impression on the European scene at the EU Spring Regional earlier this month. Playing in what is widely considered to be the most competitive region, Dignitas have to fight for their top ranked spot more so than many other teams. Given their lack of experience competing against Korean and Chinese teams in tournaments, it'll be interesting to see how they fare at the Spring Global Championship.
5. Na'Vi
Signature Heroes : Kerrigan + Sylvanas
Na'Vi have always been considered one of the best European teams. However, their most recent major victory was Enter the Storm EU Cup #4 last month, and they fell short of qualifying for the Spring Global Championship during the EU Regionals at IEM Katowice. Na'Vi will have to take a back seat on the global circuit, but you can bet that this week's ESL EU Summer qualifier is high on their priority list.
6. Fnatic
Signature Heroes : Tyrande + Muradin
Fnatic are another highly respected European team that have consistently been a top contender. They beat out some of the top European teams at Katowice, but couldn't beat Dignitas in the semifinals to secure a Spring Global Championship ticket to Korea. Expect them to fight hard for relevancy during the ESL EU Summer qualifiers.
7. Team Liquid
Signature Heroes : Illidan + Thrall
Team Liquid were one of the favorites going into EU Regionals at IEM Katowice, but didn't perform to the best of their abilities and never made it out of groups after losing to Virtus.pro. However, they have ample opportunities to face their rivals this week thanks to the ESL EU Summer qualifiers. The next Heroes of the Storm update should be good for Team Liquid, as their normal play style just isn't paying off in the current meta.
8. Team Naventic
Signature Heroes : Uther + Li-Ming
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
Naventic are among the best North American teams, and their impact on the scene earlier this year was undeniable. However, their recent lackluster performance in Enter the Storm NA Cup #2 was a huge shock. No one expected them to lose to Team Blaze, especially twice in one tournament without winning a single game. Their redemption awaits at the Spring Global Championship where they'll be representing NA alongside their rivals, Cloud9.
9. Team No Limit
Signature Heroes : Jaina + Uther
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
Team No Limit recently placed second in the 2016 Super League, losing once more to MVP Black but still earning the chance to represent Korea at the Spring Global Championship. Their game score against MVP Black in tournament matches is an abysmal 1-10, so the team of esports veterans will have to shrug off these losses and change up some of their strategies if they're to be successful next month.
10. EDward Gaming
Signature Heroes : Sonya + Rehgar
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
With a decent showing at the Leifeng Cup, EDG proved that they can still compete in China. They scored convincing 2-0 wins against both Team YL and X Team before losing to eStar in the finals 1-3. Now they are in full preparation mode for the Spring Global Championship. Their unique play style represents one of the biggest challenges for NA and EU teams at the event.
11. mYinsanity
Signature Heroes : Illidan + Muradin
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
mYinsanity surprised a lot of people by finishing in second place at the EU Spring Regional in Katowice. Since then, they have been preparing for the Spring Global Championship in Korea, which they are favored to do well in. The recent balance updates have placed many of their favorite heroes back into the meta, and this should help them make up for their inexperience facing opponents from outside Europe.
12. Tempo Storm
Signature Heroes : Muradin + Zagara
Tempo Storm have yet to find their footing with their new roster, and something just feels off about their play. They were eliminated by Cognitive Gaming during Enter the Storm NA Cup #2, which is particularly painful considering that just last year they were the ones eliminating COGnitive. Big balance updates have a tendency to help to struggle teams find momentum, so there's still hope for Tempo Storm.
13. Team Sandwich Monkey
Signature Heroes : Zeratul + Cho'Gall
Despite disbanding weeks ago, Team Sandwich Monkey are back with a few roster changes. Their return was marked by two 2-0 victories during the Zotac Monthly Final and, for a team that weeks ago didn't exist, this is a big win. Their next hurdle is to take advantage of this momentum at this week's ESL Summer qualifier.
14. Team Blaze
Signature Heroes : Zeratul + Jaina
Team Blaze's new roster is the strongest it has ever been. Coming in second place in to Enter the Storm NA Cup #2 by eliminating Team Naventic, and just barely falling short to Cloud9 in the finals 2-3, they were the most exciting team at the event. Expect them to be moving up in the rankings in future weeks, as the next Heroes of the Storm update buffs some of their strongest heroes.
15. Virtus.pro
Signature Heroes : Sonya + Jaina
Virtus.pro had a very strong showing at Katowice, just barely losing to mYinsanity in the semifinals. Despite this respectable performance at an EU major, they haven't played in any tournament since. Seemingly content to focus internally on tuning their roster and practicing for the ESL Summer qualifier, they are slowly slipping down the ranks. The only question that matters is whether or not they can bounce back and reclaim a spot among the top EU teams.
16. BigGods
Signature Heroes : Kerrigan + Uther
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
BigGods dominated the Copa América qualifier, only dropping a single game throughout the entire tournament. They have earned the chance to travel to Korea and represent their country of Brazil during the Spring Global Championship, which is a huge win in itself. They are a dark horse that virtually none of the other teams could have expected. Look to BigGods to potentially cause some big upsets next month.
17. Renovatio I
Signature Heroes : Sonya + Greymane
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
Since qualifying for the Spring Global Championship in Korea, Renovatio I have been steering clear of the rest of the Heroes world, going into full training mode for next month's competition. Due to this lack of recent play, their rank is slipping. Renovatio I is likely fine with this, as the Spring Global Championship is the largest opportunity the team has ever been given. Winning this event would change their lives.
18. ZeroPanda
Signature Heroes : Brightwing + Sonya
ZeroPanda (formerly Zero Gaming) had a decent showing during the Leifeng cup with 2-0 victories against both X team and Star Horn Royal Club. Despite losing to eStar 0-2, which was expected, their performances make it easy to place them among the top teams in China.
19. Negative Synergy
Signature Heroes : Diablo + Zeratul
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
The last time we saw Negative Synergy they had just qualified for the Spring Global Championship at the end of February. There haven't been many competitive opportunities for the ANZ Team over the past month, but it is safe to assume that the team is focused on preparing for the Spring Global Championship in Korea. While not a favorite to win, their unusual play style and strategies might throw teams from the top regions off-balance.
20. GIA
Signature Heroes : Greymane + Jaina
Qualified for Spring Global Championship
After decisively qualifying from the Taiwan region for the Spring Global Championship, GIA are still something of an unknown quantity. GIA seemingly won their region's qualifying spot with ease, but now they'll be competing in the most important tournament of their lives against much tougher opponents. We still don't know just how good GIA is, but that question will be answered the moment they face a top team from another region.
Teams to Watch
COGnitive Gaming
Signature Heroes : Uther + Zeratul
Cognitive Gaming are one of the longest-standing organization in Heroes, and we can't help but still place them as a team to watch. Despite going through a huge roster shift in early January, the team refuses to quit and consistently places in the top 8 of any tournament they enter. Falling just shy to Naventic 1-2 in the North America Spring Regional and placing fourth in Enter the Storm NA Cup #2 (again falling to Naventic), Cognitive Gaming feel like they might be on the verge of greatness.
Team Hero
Signature Heroes : Chen + Sonya
Like most teams in Korea, Team Hero appear extremely strong when they are against anyone but the current rank #1 team in the world, MVP Black. Their recent back-to-back 0-3 performances against MVP can be discouraging, but that experience is actually invaluable. Play sessions against the top team in the world provide the ideal reference material needed to improve. In any other region, Team Hero would certainly be considered a top-tier team.
Panda Global
Signature Heroes : Brightwing + Jaina
Two members of Panda Global are currently competing in Heroes of the Dorm for Arizona State University, and they have been had destroying the competition.They are the clear favorites to win the event and, if they do, Panda Global by association will be placed in the spotlight. The team hasn't been performing very well as of late, but a Heroes of the Dorm win would rightfully energize the leadership, gaining them some momentum on the pro circuit.
Pool Plato some Tangos
Signature Heroes : Jain + ETC
Pool Plato some Tango's leadership is currently focused on winning Heroes of the Dorm. Three out of their five members are representing Boston College in the massive collegiate tournament, and their team is another favorite to win the entire event. Boston College's rigorous training sessions and practice times will directly affect Pool Plato some Tangos, but perhaps a Heroes of the Dorm victory could lead to professional sponsorship for this unsigned team.
TCM Gaming
Signature Heroes : Malfurion +Sylvanas
A veteran EU team, with a roster that oozes experience, TCM Gaming have been on a bit of a losing streak. However, when a dedicated team is given a game update to work with after a long slump, a lot of good things can happen. TCM Gaming have an opportunity to dust off their bad month and enter a new meta with renewed drive and new strategies.
A picket in front of the Rose City Ford dealership on Tecumseh Road East blocked traffic briefly on Wednesday morning, as employees, who have been working without a contract since July 2010, walked off the job.
Police arrived and traffic was moving again by around 10 a.m.
About 75 workers and supporters of the Canadian Auto Workers blocked driveways into the dealership. Some people were carrying strike signs.
Traffic was held up on Tecumseh Road when workers tried to prevent a manager from entering the parking lot in his vehicle. Police were called and the manager was eventually allowed to enter the lot, said Gerry Farnham, CAW Local 195 President.
Farnham said the contract expired last year and negotiations broke off in July 2011. Last Friday a decertification vote was held, but the vote failed with 74% of workers backing the union.
On Tuesday, an 11-year body repair employee was suspended and told he had 60 days to apply for proper job certification or he would be fired. Another 11-year painter was told he had 30 days to apply for a license or he would be let go, Farnham said.
He thought the company's actions were unusual since the employees had worked at the dealership for so long, with both workers having more than 30 years experience in their field. One of the workers was also a union staffer, said Farnham.
Correction: An earlier version of the story reported that the employees were terminated when in fact one was suspended and both were given notice to apply for licences in order to keep their employment.
Farnham believes management is trying to provoke the union.
John Chisholm, the president of Rose City Ford Sales, issued a written statement on Wednesday afternoon saying, "It is most unfortunate that this labour dispute commenced at a time when it was known that I would be away from the office for an extended period of time. Please know that since December of 2010 Rose City Ford has been awaiting a response from the CAW to its request for a return to the bargaining table. That response never arrived."
Chisholm said that it was acting legally "in response to certain actions taken by Rose City Ford in respect to some employees."
Chisholm was in Europe on vacation on Wednesday, said Farnham.
At least six dealerships in Windsor are unionized. Rose City Ford has 35 union employees, he said.
With the media awash in stories telling us how much oil is being discovered around the world, there is one word which the optimists quoted in these stories refuse to utter: Depletion.
The simple fact is that depletion never sleeps. It starts as soon as an oil well begins production and goes on 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Furthermore, it is not exactly news that oil is being discovered all around the world. The industry has been spending record amounts to find it.
What's critical is the difference between the annual additions to oil production capacity and the annual decline in the rate of production from existing wells, a decline which is running anywhere from 4 to 9 percent depending on whom you talk to.
Even at the low end of decline rate estimates, the world must find and put into production the equivalent of what is currently coming out of the entire North Sea, one the world's largest finds, and we must do so EVERY SINGLE YEAR before worldwide production can rise. So difficult has this task become, that we've only just been able to keep global production on a bumpy plateau since 2005. For now, the oil industry is on a treadmill which requires ever more drilling just to keep production even.
(Many regular readers will wonder why I continually emphasize the flat trajectory of world oil production since 2005. It's so new readers will be introduced to this central fact about oil supplies—an indisputable trend which the industry simply refuses to talk about and even tries to obscure by changing the definition of oil to include things which are not oil. This trend has ominous implications for our society if it continues or, even worse, turns downward.)
To the untrained observer the quantities of oil recently discovered sound large. But, when put into the context of how much we consume, they won't extend the oil age by much. Norway, which produces oil from the North Sea, recently announced its largest find since 2000, a field with nearly 1.8 billion barrels. How long would the oil in that field last the world at the current rate of consumption? About 24 days.
The math looks like this. The world currently consumes about 27.4 billion barrels a year of crude oil including lease condensate—which is the definition of oil. So, just divide 1.8 billion by 27.4 billion and multiply the fractional result by 365 days in a year, and you'll get the number of days such a discovery could supply the world if we could pump it out at any rate we want to (which we can't).
Well, there are larger discoveries in Brazil, you may say. If we accept the government's figures on their face (and we really ought to be a little skeptical), then the Tupi field has 5 to 8 billion barrels and the Sugarloaf field has 33 billion. (The truth is no one really knows because there hasn't been enough drilling.)
Let's take the top end of the estimates and call it 41 billion barrels. If we do the above calculation for just one billion barrels, we find that it will last about 13 days. And so, a little multiplication tells us that two of the most massive finds ever (if they actually pan out) will give us 41 X 13 days of oil or 533 days, which is about a year and a half. It's nothing to sneeze at; but it doesn't exactly change the overall picture that much.
And, of course, this number holds only if the world does NOT increase its rate of oil consumption. But economic growth is dependent on ever increasing supplies of oil, a fuel central to every economy on the globe. India, China and many other developing countries have consistently increased oil consumption to fuel their economic growth. But because worldwide production has been flat since 2005, consumption in places such as the United States has had to fall in order to make room for growing demand from Asia.
This has happened because American and European consumers aren't willing or aren't able to pay as much. Oil analyst Steven Kopits has explained the counterintuitive idea that poor Asians are willing to pay more for oil and oil products than rich Westerners because poor Asians get so much more economic productivity out of the marginal barrel of oil than rich Westerners who consume many times more barrels of oil per person. The result has been that developed countries in North America and Europe have seen very little growth in their economies as Asian economies continue to sprint ahead.
Of course, the optimists have been telling us (and telling us and telling us) that so-called tight oil—the kind that comes from hydraulically fractured wells—will now finally move the needle on worldwide production. Well, so far, the net result is nada, nothing, zilch. Production from such wells has risen, but not enough to offset declines elsewhere.
And, as it turns out, fracked oil wells are now the poster children for the problem of production decline. Average annual oil production decline rates for two of the most well-developed tight oil plays, Bakken in North Dakota and Eagle-Ford in Texas, are 38 percent and 42 percent, respectively. That means that drillers in those plays must replace 38 to 42 percent of their current production EACH YEAR before they can increase production. It's a ferociously high decline rate, some 10 times the rate worldwide. And, this is the oil that the optimists tell us is going to raise global production!
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Humans evolved to be optimistic risktakers. That genetic heritage has served us well up to this point. But, sometimes that trait makes us incautious and gullible. And, the oil industry is taking advantage of a natural human inclination to believe the presumed experts, especially when they offer an optimistic tale that is designed to make us comfortable with the status quo.
In truth, unprecedented disruptions and changes in our worldwide energy system have been underway for more than a decade. We can ignore that fact, but only at our peril.
A sleep-promoting circuit located deep in the primitive brainstem has revealed how we fall into deep sleep. Discovered by researchers at Harvard School of Medicine and the University at Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, this is only the second "sleep node" identified in the mammalian brain whose activity appears to be both necessary and sufficient to produce deep sleep.
Published online in August in Nature Neuroscience, the study demonstrates that fully half of all of the brain's sleep-promoting activity originates from the parafacial zone (PZ) in the brainstem. The brainstem is a primordial part of the brain that regulates basic functions necessary for survival, such as breathing, blood pressure, heart rate and body temperature.
"The close association of a sleep center with other regions that are critical for life highlights the evolutionary importance of sleep in the brain," says Caroline E. Bass, assistant professor of Pharmacology and Toxicology in the UB School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences and a co-author on the paper.
The researchers found that a specific type of neuron in the PZ that makes the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) is responsible for deep sleep. They used a set of innovative tools to precisely control these neurons remotely, in essence giving them the ability to turn the neurons on and off at will.
"These new molecular approaches allow unprecedented control over brain function at the cellular level," says Christelle Ancelet, postdoctoral fellow at Harvard School of Medicine. "Before these tools were developed, we often used 'electrical stimulation' to activate a region, but the problem is that doing so stimulates everything the electrode touches and even surrounding areas it didn't. It was a sledgehammer approach, when what we needed was a scalpel."
"To get the precision required for these experiments, we introduced a virus into the PZ that expressed a 'designer' receptor on GABA neurons only but didn't otherwise alter brain function," explains Patrick Fuller, assistant professor at Harvard and senior author on the paper. "When we turned on the GABA neurons in the PZ, the animals quickly fell into a deep sleep without the use of sedatives or sleep aids."
How these neurons interact in the brain with other sleep and wake-promoting brain regions still need to be studied, the researchers say, but eventually these findings may translate into new medications for treating sleep disorders, including insomnia, and the development of better and safer anesthetics.
"We are at a truly transformative point in neuroscience," says Bass, "where the use of designer genes gives us unprecedented ability to control the brain. We can now answer fundamental questions of brain function, which have traditionally been beyond our reach, including the 'why' of sleep, one of the more enduring mysteries in the neurosciences."
The work was funded by the National Institutes of Health.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
This is awesome.
At a recent Ohio rally, John McCain was introduced by right-wing radio nutjob Bill Cunningham. Cunningham spent his introduction slamming Obama, repeatedly referring to him “Barack Hussein Obama” and calling him a “hack, Chicago-style, Daley politician.” He made reference to “CBS the Clinton Broadcasting System, NBC the Nobody But Clinton network, the Bill Clinton channel ABC, and the Clinton News Network.”
The nutjobbery was bad enough that McCain immediately approached reporters after the event and denounced Cunningham's comments. His statement:
“I have repeatedly stated my respect for Sen. Obama and Sen. Clinton, that I will treat them with respect… I want to disassociate myself with any disparaging remarks that may have been said about them…I did not set up the program but I take full responsibility.”
Guess who didn't like that? Bill Cunningham. On his radio show, he went after the man he just introduced:
“He just threw me under the bus for the national media. I have had it… I'm going to endorse Hillary Clinton. I want Hillary Clinton to become the next president of the United States. I am going to throw my support behind Hillary Clinton.”
Ha! Hahaha. Now Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, and others are piling on McCain because of the incident. Let's make it a movement, folks!
You know how McCain was supposed to use this period—the couple months after he sewed up the nomination while the Democrats were still slugging it out—to solidify his support among the conservative base and the conservative elites who hate him?
Not. Happening.
Bitcoin Cash (BCH) has surged to well over $2,000 today, apparently in response to the news that Bitcoin payment service BitpPay will begin accepting payments in the coin.
According to a post from Friday on BitPay's company blog, the need for more currency options for merchants has become increasingly clear. Over time, the service plans to add payments options in “other Blockchains which Bitcoin has inspired,” starting with BCH. Detailing the Bitcoin Cash addition, the BitPay team stated,
We will begin adding support for a Bitcoin Cash payment option this year, starting with BitPay Card loads. All BitPay invoices will include a Bitcoin Cash payment option by default in early 2018.
The news appears to have caused a strong increase in trading volume today as investors moved to buy up BCH, on the expectation that the BitPay integration will increase market usefulness and adoption.
BCH had seen a week of relative stability, hovering between $1,700 and $1,900. Likely investors were slow to react to the BitPay news over the weekend, which explains why the price surge happened only today. At press time the price of BCH had reached $2,250.
Along with crows and scarecrows, trains form the final relief of Waits' holy triptych of lyrical obsessions. Trains are everywhere throughout the music of Waits, perhaps enrapturing the artist through their symbolic multiplicity. Representative both of transition and escape along with homecoming, along with connoting of days of yore and simpler times. Speaking to Jim Jarmusch in October 1992 for ‘Straight No Chaser' , Waits elaborated that it was not just the image of the train though that so enraptured him, but its very sonic essence too:
‘…It's got a variety of trains, it's a sound that I've become obsessed with, getting an orchestra to sound like a train, actual train sounds. I have a guy in Los Angeles who collected not only the sound of the Stinson band organ, which is a carnival organ that's in all the carousels, the sound from that we used on ‘Night on Earth', but he also has pitched four octaves of train whistles so that I can play the train whistle organ, which sounds like a calliope. It's a great sound'
So, what follows are a list of what I consider every single mention of trains within the music of Tom Waits. Please let us know in the comments if we've missed any:
'Diamonds On My Windshield (Looking For)' – The Heart of Saturday Night (1974)
‘I got a steel train in the rain / And the wind bites my cheek through the wing'
‘Potter's Field' – Foreign Affairs (1977)
‘On a train through the Bronx that will take you just as far/ As the empty of a bottle to the highway of a scar'
‘Foreign Affair' – Foreign Affairs (1977)
‘Planes and trains and boats and buses characteristically evoke a common attitude of blue / Unless you have a suitcase and a ticket and a passport/ And the cargo that they're carrying is you'
‘Whistlin' Past The Graveyard' – Blue Valentine (1978)
‘I come into town on a night train with an arm full of boxcar/ On the wings of a magpie cross a hooligan night'
‘Kentucky Avenue' – Blue Valentine (1978)
‘Just put a church key in your pocket we'll hop that freight train in the hall / We'll slide all the way down the drain to New Orleans in the fall'
‘Ruby's Arms' – Heartattack and Vine (1980)
‘So Jesus Christ this goddamn rain will someone put me on a train / I'll never kiss your lips again or break your heart'
‘Town With No Cheer' – swordfishtrombones (1983)
‘Wrapped the hills in a blanket of Patterson's curse / The train smokes down the xylophone'
‘Down Down Down' – swordfishtrombones (1983)
‘He went down down and the devil called him by name / He went down down hangin' onto the back of a train'
‘Time' – Rain Dogs (1985)
‘And they all pretend they're Orphans and their memory's like a train / You can see it getting smaller as it pulls away'
‘Rain Dogs' – Rain Dogs (1985)
‘With the Rain Dogs aboard a shipwreck train'
‘Blind Love' – Rain Dogs (1985)
‘They say if you get far enough away you'll be on your way back home / Well I'm at the station and I can't get on the train'
‘Downtown Train' – Rain Dogs (1985)
‘Will I see you tonight / On a downtown train'
‘9th & Hennepin' – Rain Dogs (1985)
‘And I've seen it / All through the yellow windows of the evening train'
‘Yesterday Is Here' – Franks Wild Years (1987)
‘Well I'm going to New York City and I'm leaving on a train / And if you want to stay behind and wait till I come back again'
‘Train Song' – Franks Wild Years (1987)
‘It was a train that took me away from here / But a train can't bring me home'
‘Gospel Train' – The Black Rider (1993)
‘Come on people: get on board, train is leavin' / And there's room for one more just trust in the Lord'
‘Pony' – Mule Variations (1999)
‘I lived on nothing but dreams and train smoke'
‘Take It With Me' – Mule Variations (1999)
‘Far far away a train whistle blows / Wherever you're goin, wherever you've been'
‘We're All Mad Here' – Alice (2002)
‘And my eyeballs roll this terrible terrain / We're all inside a decomposing train'
‘Barcarolle' – Alice (2002)
‘She's skating on the ice in a glass / And in the hands of a man that she kissed on a train'
‘Circus' – Real Gone (2004)
‘The train tracks and a seagull dump / Topping the bill was Horse Face Ethel and her Marvelous Pigs in satin'
‘Green Grass' – Real Gone (2004)
‘Think of me as a train goes by / Clear the thistles and brambles'
‘Clang Boom Steam' – Real Gone (2004)
‘But the train that took my baby / It went clang, boom and steam'
‘2:19' – Orphans (2006)
‘On the train you get smaller as you get farther away / The roar covers everything you wanted to say'
‘Long Way Home' – Orphans (2006)
‘Money's just something you throw off the back of a train / I got a head full of lightning, a hat full of rain'
‘Fannin' Street' – Orphans (2006)
‘I wish I never got off the train / I wished I'd listened to the words you said'
‘Down There By The Train' – Orphans (2006)
‘There's a place I know where the train goes slow / Where the sinners can be washed in the blood of the lamb'
‘Home I'll Never Be' – Orphans (2006)
‘So I left Montana on an old freight train / The night my father died in the cold cold rain'
Have you heard our Tom Waits centric podcast yet? Hosted by long-time friends/fans Sam Whiles (@sidwidle1) and Tom Kwei (@tomkweipoet), ‘Down in the Hole' explores the entire ouevre of the American singer songwriter, album by album every fortnight.
Download off iTunes
Stream all our reviews so far on YouTube
Follow us @tomwaitspodcast
Advertisements
Mr Puttick, 34, from Westbury in Wiltshire, died alongside his 44 year-old Japanese wife. Their son was named as Samuel Puttick, aged five.
Samuel, who was seriously ill, had been discharged from hospital on Friday after being given no hope of survival.
A spokesman for Bath and North East Somerset NHS said: "Samuel Puttick had been receiving treatment for pneumococcal meningitis at the Paediatric Intensive Children's Unit at Bristol Royal Hospital for Children.
"When it became clear that Sam had no hope of recovery from his severe infection, he was discharged to his family home on Friday at his parents' request to die peacefully.
"He was certified dead at his home by a doctor at approximately 8pm that evening. We offer our sincere condolences to the relatives and friends of this family.
"It would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage as the matter will be the subject of an extensive investigation and coroner's inquest."
Detective Inspector Ian Williams from Sussex Police said: "As a result of our investigation I am satisfied that Samuel's grieving parents Neil and Kazumi appear to have taken their own lives.
"This is a tragic incident and we extend our sympathies to their family and to the large number of friends and carers affected."
Samuel's body was found on Monday in a rucksack about 400ft down the notorious suicide spot, near Eastbourne, East Sussex, alongside his parents' bodies.
A second rucksack found by rescuers nearby was filled with toys.
Events began to unfold at 8.20pm on Sunday when coastguards on routine patrol saw what they thought were two bodies part-way down the cliff-face.
A decision was taken at the time to wait until the following day for the recovery operation to take place because of the tide and failing light.
But when the search resumed at 8am, Eastbourne Coastguard station officer Stuart McNab said they discovered the two rucksacks, one containing the body of a child aged around five.
Speaking at the cliff-top, Mr McNab said: "The bag was closed when I got to it. I saw what I thought was a doll's head, but on closer examination it was a child."
He said the second rucksack contained toys, including a tractor and soft toys.
A silver Volkswagen camper van found abandoned in a car park nearby was also recovered and is undergoing forensic examination.
At more than 500ft high, Beachy Head is renowned for its downland beauty but it has also gained infamy as a magnet for suicidal people.
The massacre of black churchgoers in Charleston by an evil psycho is a hideous thing. The case is especially sickening because the victims were chosen specifically because of their race. Thank God it's extremely rare for whites to target black people for attack.
And yet the public is being told by The New York Times, The Washington Post, MSNBC and Salon that the Charleston massacre is proof that we live in a country packed with marauding racist murderers. {snip}
In The Washington Post, for example, columnist Lonnae O'Neal blamed the Charleston attack on “white supremacy,” claiming that “racial sickness is all around us.” (I guess the one upside of the horror in South Carolina is that we can FINALLY have a national conversation about race.)
{snip}
In a country of more than 300 million people, everything will happen eventually. That doesn't make it a trend. Go up to any ordinary, sentient person and ask: Which race assaults the other race more?
Remember the “knockout game”–or as its devotees called it, “polar bear hunting”? Black teenagers would go looking for white people to knock unconscious with a single punch, videotape the attacks and post them online. The knockout game was a real trend–which the media denied was a trend.
{snip}
Ask around. You might be surprised at how many whites you know have been physically attacked by a black person at least once in their lives.
{snip}
According to a preposterously, laughably, ridiculously bogus report on “hate crimes” produced by Eric Holder's Justice Department, blacks are far more likely to be victims of hate crimes than whites are. It would be like a government report asserting that most rapes are committed by elderly white women.
Holder's DOJ got to the desired outcome by:
(1) Defining “hate crime” only as those in which the perp uses a racial epithet.
(Because that's what people fear most: I don't mind getting the crap kicked out of me–as long as no one calls me a “cracker”!)
(2) Defining Hispanic perpetrators as “white.”
(Yes, according to our federal government, Hispanics are “Hispanic” when they are victims of crimes, but “white” when they are the perpetrators.)
(3) Defining less than 0.1 percent of all violent crimes as “hate crimes.”
(According to the FBI's detailed crime victimization report, there were about 1.2 million violent crimes in 2012, but Holder's Justice Department characterized less than 1,000 of those as “hate crimes.”)
The FBI's crime victimization surveys tell a very different story, one more in line with a normal person's life experience.
In 2008, the most recent year for which such data seems to have been collected, FBI surveys show that, out of 520,161 interracial violent crimes, blacks committed 429,444 of them against whites, while whites committed 90,717 of them against blacks.
In other words, blacks commit more than 80 percent of all interracial violent crime.
Going for the element of surprise, columnist Brit Bennett recently complained in The New York Times that “white violence is unspoken and unacknowledged” by the media.
Yes, I barely heard a thing about such alleged white-on-black crimes as: Tawana Brawley (hoax), the Duke lacrosse gang rape (hoax), Trayvon Martin (self-defense), Ferguson (hoax) and Eric Garner (justified police arrest). Other than the wall-to-wall, 24/7 coverage for months on end, there was barely a peep out of the media about these cases.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Getty Mike Ashley, the founder and majority shareholder of Sports Directs is continuing to refuse to appear in front of a Parliamentary committee, but he did just give a rare interview, defending his actions and saying his company is being "subjected to public vilification."
Ashley has been summoned to speak to the House of Commons Business, Innovation, and Skills committee to speak about the treatment of workers at Sports Direct warehouses and stores, but is currently saying he will not appear.
Ashley is known for rarely speaking in public, but on Monday he gave an interview to Sky News, where he criticised parliament, and called the order as an "abuse of the Parliamentary process."
Here's more of what Ashley said to Sky:
"I do not pretend to get everything right all of the time, but I am not willing to stand idle while this company is subjected to public vilification which is against the best interests of everybody who works at Sports Direct.
"My current intention is that I will not attend Westminster on June 7 as I believe the proposal by Iain Wright MP (whom I have offered to meet in Shirebrook) is an abuse of the Parliamentary process.
"I therefore intend to challenge the attendance order issued by the BIS Committee and I will be sending a formal reply to the committee in due course."
Ashley went on to invite members of the committee to come to a Sports Direct office, saying: "Come here and see it for yourself. You will have to apologise once you've been here."
Ashley then went on to call members of the committee a joke. Here he is again (emphasis ours):
"They would make a lot more informed decision if they were able to see it for themselves and then I don't think they would actually need to want to see me and carry on the media circus.
"They clearly don't care about the people at Sports Direct. In my opinion they are just showboating. In my opinion they are actually a joke."
The BIS Committee has said that if he continues to refuse to appear, Ashley could be charged with being in contempt of Parliament, something that reportedly, hasn't happened in over 50 years.
Sports Direct has faced a series of scandals in the past couple of years, and among other things, has been criticised for effectively paying workers less than minimum wage, although since the allegations were made in The Guardian newspaper, Sports Direct has committed to paying at least minimum wage to all staff, costing the company £10 million ($14.5 million).
Last month, Ashley was also criticised by a series of major investors for treating Sports Direct like "his own personal plaything" and acting like the company's chief executive, despite currently holding the position of vice chairman.
Sports Direct recently found out it will lose its position in the FTSE 100, after seeing shares bomb by more than 50% in just over six months.
MOSCOW — A recent survey by Russia's Public Opinion Research Center found that 60 percent of the Russian population gets its news from television and 75 percent trust what they see there.
Well, here's what they've been watching.
Last Thursday every news program on Russian television aired video of wounded, bleeding women and men on stretchers at Donetsk hospital, and images of a destroyed city market set on fire by artillery during one of the fiercest battles in Ukraine in months. The shelling of Donetsk region intensified, and Russians could see many ruined private homes under fire. News presenters blamed the Ukrainian military for creating over 50 “provocations” endangering the ceasefire along the entire front line in Eastern Ukraine. It blamed Kiev's leadership for breaking the Minsk agreement from last February, and it blamed the West for backing Ukraine.
Thursday's news reports covered clashes the day before in the fight for control over a town called Maryinka (also, Marinka), right outside the regional capital of Donetsk, that involved heavy artillery and tanks. Over 20 people were killed and at least 100 were injured in separatist-held towns, the reports said. The Ukrainian military deliberately chose sunset to shell the thickly populated town of Horlivka, Channel-5 reported. Vesti, a news program on the popular Russia-24 channel, quoted separatist Deputy Defense Minister Eduard Basurin insisting that Kiev plotted the attack on purpose. He claimed the Ukrainian military wanted to have a small victory to show before Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko addressed the Rada, or parliament. But “Kiev failed,” said Basurin. And the majority of Russians believed it.
Day after day, Russian television viewers discuss horror stories from Ukraine. After a short and largely quiet break, clashes have intensified on the front lines, and as they've grown increasingly violent, outrage against Ukraine's military and its leadership have been heated up by the anti-Kiev and anti-West news coverage.
One heartbreaking story, particularly, has made many Russians shed tears. In a recent shelling incident at Horlivka, near a strategic crossroads just north of Donetsk, artillery hit the private home of the Tuv family. Several Russian channels broadcast interviews with Anna Tuv, a soft-spoken mother of three. She described how she found herself with here arm “torn off” after the explosion. It later was amputated up to her shoulder. She told how she dug her still-living 10-day-old baby girl from under the rubble and found her 2-year-old son Zakhar wounded with shrapnel but alive. Then she saw that her husband Yuriy and their 11-year-old daughter Katia both had died. They were “torn into pieces” by the shelling, she said.“I had goose bumps when I saw poor Anna from Horlivka,” says Ruslana, a waitress at the Shokoladnica café on Pokrovka Street in Moscow. “That night I could not sleep and was thinking of the poor woman, how her life was destroyed in a few seconds.”
A majority of Russians, up to 47 percent, followed closely or very closely the Russian television news about the Ukraine crisis, according to Denis Volkov, a sociologist and independent pollster at the Levada Center, and 38 percent more follow the news without paying much attention. “A majority of Russians, up to 66 percent, believe that the war does not end because the West, Europe and largely the United States, back up Ukraine, and only 6 to 7 percent say that the war goes on because Russia's leadership backs the rebels,” Volkov said.
Pro-Kremlin television continues to deny all allegations that there is a Russian professional military presence in Ukraine, convincing Russian viewers that all Western publications suggesting otherwise are just waging psychological operations against Moscow.
“According to our information, 25 U.S. experts in information war recently arrived in Kiev,” pro-Kremlin activist Sergei Markov tells The Daily Beast. “Black and white” doesn't begin to describe the situation, he says: “There are just the absolutely kind people of Donbas, and the absolute evil destroying them—Kiev backed by the West.”
As Washington searches for ways to counter what one Pentagon official described as Russia's “weaponized propaganda,” the Russian people have lived the last year feeling that Kiev's “absolute evil” is on the march.
It has to be said that independent international observers do confirm some Russian TV reports, or at least parts of them.
One striking example: An Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) patrol visited Anna Tuv's largely destroyed house in Horlivka. The OSCE confirmed to The Daily Beast that Anna's husband and 11-year-old daughter were killed immediately, that Anna did lose her arm and was staying at the hospital with her 2-year-old son, who is severely injured, and her 2-week-old daughter, who has minor injures.
So Russian television was right about that much. But, then, there's this.
The Russian television reports and locals in Donbas blamed the Ukrainian military for Anna Tuv's tragedy. But the official report from the OSCE says that the Ukrainian military alleged on that day, May 26, the “shelling of Horlivka came from Mine 6-7 (42 km north-north-east of Donetsk and 7 km north-west of Horlivka respectively),” in areas controlled by the separatist, Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic.
It's often said that in any war truth is the first casualty. Unfortunately, it is rarely the last.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Update 1: Developer Dennaton Games has responded to the ban, writing in a statement that it feels the Australian Classification Board has "stretched the facts".
Update 2: Warning: The described scene may disturb some readers.
A report sent to Kotaku Australia detailed the scene featured in the game which resulted in a refusal of classification for Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number. According to the Kotaku, the report describes a part of the game in which "the protagonist character bursts into what appears to be a movie set and explicitly kills 4 people, who collapse to the floor in a pool of copious blood, often accompanied by blood splatter. After stomping on the head of a fifth male character, he strikes a female character wearing red underwear. She is knocked to the floor and is viewed lying face down in a pool of copious blood. The male character is viewed with his pants halfway down, partially exposing his buttocks. He is viewed pinning the female down by the arms and lying on top of her thrusting, implicitly raping her (either rear entry or anally) while her legs are viewed kicking as she struggles beneath him. This visual depiction of implied sexual violence is emphasised by it being mid-screen, with a red backdrop pulsating and the remainder of the screen being surrounded by black."
The original story follows below.
Top-down 2D action game Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number has been refused classification in Australia, effectively banning it from sale in the country.
The Australian Classification Board (via Player Attack) has written that the game was refused classification under the National Classification Code, Computer Games Table, as computer games that "depict, express or otherwise deal with matters of sex, drug misuse or addiction, crime, cruelty, violence or revolting or abhorrent phenomena in such a way that they offend against the standards of morality, decency and propriety generally accepted by reasonable adults to the extent that they should not be classified."
Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number joins Saints Row IV, State of Decay, and South Park: Stick of Truth in being initially refused classification by the Australian Classification Board. Modified versions of the latter games were subsequently submitted to the board and granted ratings, the highest of which is the R18+ adult rating for video games. It is not known if developer Devolver Digital will resubmit a modified version of the game to appeal the rating.
The first Hotline Miami game was granted a MA15+ rating by the ACB, which allegedly "took forever," resulting in a delayed release in New Zealand. GameSpot has reached out to the Australian Classification Board for comment.
The first part of the series dealth with the initial work of consuming the StackExchange REST API in order to retrieve its top questions. This second part will focus on setting up the support necessary to interact with the Twitter REST APIs using the Spring Social Twitter project. The end goal is to be able to tweet these questions, two per day, on several accounts, each focused on a single topic.
1. Using Spring Social Twitter
The required dependencies necessary to use the Spring Social Twitter project are straightforward. First, we define spring-social-twitter itself:
<dependency> <groupId>org.springframework.social</groupId> <artifactId>spring-social-twitter</artifactId> <version>1.1.0.RELEASE</version> </dependency>
Then, we need to override some of it's dependencies with more up-to-date versions:
<dependency> <groupId>org.springframework</groupId> <artifactId>spring-core</artifactId> <version>4.1.0.RELEASE</version> </dependency> <dependency> <groupId>org.springframework</groupId> <artifactId>spring-web</artifactId> <version>4.1.0.RELEASE</version> </dependency> <dependency> <groupId>org.codehaus.jackson</groupId> <artifactId>jackson-mapper-asl</artifactId> <version>1.9.13</version> </dependency>
Both spring-core and spring-web are defined as dependencies by spring-social-twitter but with older versions – 3.0.7.RELEASE and 3.1.0.RELEASE respectively. Overriding these in our own pom ensures that the project is using the up-to-date versions that we have defined instead of these older inherited versions.
2. Creating a Twitter Application
This usecase – tweeting on a personal account and not on behalf of other users on their accounts, is a simple one. The fact that it is simple allows us to dispense with most of the OAuth orchestration necessary if the application would need to tweet for multiple users, on each of their Twitter accounts.
So, for our usecase, we will create the TwitterTemplate directly, as we can manually set up everything we need to do so.
First thing we need is a dev application – one can be created here, after logging in. After creating the application, we will have a Consumer Key and Consumer Secret – these are obtained from the page of the Application – on the Details tab, under OAuth settings.
Also, in order to allow the Application to tweet on the account, Read and Write Access must be set to replace the default Read only privileges.
3. Provisioning a TwitterTemplate
Next, the TwitterTemplate requires an Access Token and an Access Token Secret to be provisioned. These can also be generated from the Application page – under the Details tab – Create my access token. Both the Access Token and the Secret can then be retrieved from under the OAuth tool tab.
New ones can always be regenerated on the Details tab, via Recreate my access token action.
At this point we have everything we need – the Consumer Key and Consumer Secret, as well as the Access Token and Access Token Secret – which means we can go ahead and create our TwitterTemplate for that application:
new TwitterTemplate(consumerKey, consumerSecret, accessToken, accessTokenSecret);
4. One Template per Account
Now that we have seen how to create a single TwitterTemplate for a single account, we can look back at our usecase again – we need to tweet on several accounts – which means we need several TwitterTemplate instances.
These can be easily created on request, with a simple mechanism:
@Component public class TwitterTemplateCreator { @Autowired private Environment env; public Twitter getTwitterTemplate(String accountName) { String consumerKey = env.getProperty(accountName + ".consumerKey"); String consumerSecret = env.getProperty(accountName + ".consumerSecret"); String accessToken = env.getProperty(accountName + ".accessToken"); String accessTokenSecret = env.getProperty(accountName + ".accessTokenSecret"); Preconditions.checkNotNull(consumerKey); Preconditions.checkNotNull(consumerSecret); Preconditions.checkNotNull(accessToken); Preconditions.checkNotNull(accessTokenSecret); TwitterTemplate twitterTemplate = new TwitterTemplate(consumerKey, consumerSecret, accessToken, accessTokenSecret); return twitterTemplate; } }
The four security artifacts are of course externalized in a properties file, by account; for example, for the SpringAtSO account:
SpringAtSO.consumerKey=nqYezCjxkHabaX6cdte12g SpringAtSO.consumerSecret=7REmgFW4SnVWpD4EV5Zy9wB2ZEMM9WKxTaZwrgX3i4A SpringAtSO.accessToken=1197830142-t44T7vwgmOnue8EoAxI1cDyDAEBAvple80s1SQ3 SpringAtSO.accessTokenSecret=ZIpghEJgFGNGQZzDFBT5TgsyeqDKY2zQmYsounPafE
This allows for a good mix of flexibility and safety – the security credentials are not part of the codebase (which is opensource) but live independently on the filesystem and are picked up by Spring and available in the Spring Enviroment via a simple configuration:
@Configuration @PropertySource({ "file:///opt/stack/twitter.properties" }) public class TwitterConfig { // }
Properties in Spring are a subject that has been discussed before, so we won't go into further details on this subject here.
Finally, a test will verify that an account has the necessary security information readily available in the Spring Environment; if the properties are not present, the getTwitterTemplate logic should fail the test with a NullPointerException:
@RunWith(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.class) @ContextConfiguration(classes = { TwitterConfig.class }) public class TwitterTemplateCreatorIntegrationTest { @Autowired private TwitterTemplateCreator twitterTemplateCreator; // @Test public void givenValidAccountSpringAtSO_whenRetrievingTwitterClient_thenNoException() { twitterTemplateCreator.getTwitterTemplate(SimpleTwitterAccount.SpringAtSO.name()); } }
5. Tweeting
With the TwitterTemplate created, let's turn to the actual action of tweeting. For this, we'll use a very simple service, accepting a TwitterTemplate and using its underlying API to create a tweet:
@Service public class TwitterService { private Logger logger = LoggerFactory.getLogger(getClass()); public void tweet(Twitter Twitter, String tweetText) { try { twitter.timelineOperations().updateStatus(tweetText); } catch (RuntimeException ex) { logger.error("Unable to tweet" + tweetText, ex); } } }
6. Testing the TwitterTemplate
And finally, we can write an integration test to perform the entire process of provisioning a TwitterTemplate for an account and tweeting on that account:
@RunWith(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.class) @ContextConfiguration(classes = { TwitterConfig.class }) public class TweetServiceLiveTest { @Autowired private TwitterService twitterService; @Autowired private TwitterTemplateCreator twitterCreator; @Test public void whenTweeting_thenNoExceptions() { Twitter twitterTemplate = twitterCreator.getTwitterTemplate("SpringAtSO"); twitterService.tweet(twitterTemplate, "First Tweet"); } }
7. Conclusion
At this point, the Twitter API we have created is completely separate from the StackExchange API and can be used independent of that particular usecase, to tweet anything.
The next logical step in the process of tweeting questions from Stack Exchange accounts is to create a component – interacting with both the Twitter and StackExchange APIs that we have presented so far – this will be the focus of the next article in this series.
According to Greg Gibbs, Director at Amplifying Global FX Capital, the NZD/USD appears to have broken out of rising trend in place since mid-2015, and now developing a declining trend.
Key Quotes
“Its fall in the last week or so has been persistent and rapid, suggesting a significant shift in sentiment is taking hold. Global equity markets appear more fully priced for a stronger global economy and are now vulnerable to rising US interest rates and global yields. Similarly, demand for higher yielding currencies like NZD may fade. Global commodity prices have turned lower in recent weeks, especially milk prices.”
“The NZD appears very expensive compared to its narrowed yield advantage. In a rising global yield environment, the NZD may begin to under-perform and reconnect to its now small yield advantage. High levels of household debt represent a higher risk for the New Zealand and Australian economies in a rising yield environment. There would be no tears shed by the RBNZ or NZ government if the NZD fell sharply from current levels.”
Human brains exhibit more plasticity, the tendency to be modeled by the environment, than chimpanzee brains, which may account for part of human evolution, according to researchers at Georgia State University, the George Washington University and The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center.
The findings provide insight into why humans are capable of adapting to various environments and cultures. The study, the first of its kind to examine the inherited genetic factors of brain organization in humans compared to their closest living relatives, was published Nov. 16 in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The research team studied 218 human brains and 206 chimpanzee brains to compare two things: brain size and organization as related to genetic similarity. The study found that human and chimpanzee brain size were both greatly influenced by genetics.
In contrast, the findings related to brain organization revealed key differences between chimpanzees and humans. In chimpanzees, brain organization is also highly inherited, but in humans this is not the case.
“We found that the anatomy of the chimpanzee brain is more strongly controlled by genes than that of human brains, suggesting the human brain is extensively shaped by its environment no matter its genetics,” said Aida Gómez-Robles, postdoctoral scientist at the George Washington University Center for the Advanced Study of Human Paleobiology and lead author on the paper.
These findings could also have important implications regarding human susceptibility to degenerative diseases.
“Though our findings suggest that the increased plasticity found in human brains has many benefits for adaptation, it is also possible that it makes our brain more vulnerable to many human-specific neurodegenerative and neurodevelopment disorders,” said William Hopkins, professor in the Neuroscience Institute at Georgia State.
In the study, the human brains were from twins (identical and fraternal) or siblings, while the chimpanzee brains had a variety of kinship relationships, including mothers and offspring or half siblings. MRI scans were used to measure brain volume and reconstruct 3D models of the cortical surface. Chimpanzees used in the study were housed at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center in Atlanta and at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Bastrop, Texas.
Will we see his alter ego Saul Goodman this year?
Here's what I can tell you, and I'm sorry to be cute about it — but you will see Saul Goodman this season, but not in the way you expect. It's the first time he uses the name on this show — outside of a flashback. And he takes on the persona somewhat. But far more important, he internally makes some choices that made me call [the “Saul” creators] Vince [Gilligan] and Peter [Gould] and say, “I guess all we have left to do is buy the suit and the lime-green socks.” They were like, “What do you mean?” And I said: “Well, if he's going to start shutting down like this, then he's not going to be Jimmy. He's going to be Saul.” When Jimmy hurts people, it's inadvertently. Saul has always been like: “I'm here to use you. I'll tell you to your face I'm going to do that, and if you don't like that you should walk away.” This is the first time we see Jimmy do that in a very conscious way. And it made me really sad. It felt like a loss.
When Jimmy and Gus first meet, is Gus already a villain?
I don't completely know Gus's backstory. We will see Gus assembling his criminal enterprise. But he's already a bad guy with a drug trade going on. He's not in it for the chicken, that's for sure.
For your scenes as a Cinnabon manager, you were coached by a Cinnabon exec on how to properly slather that icing.
I'm telling you, Cinnabon is not about skimping on any ingredients. They weigh everything out, but I think they also put extra in. They are unabashedly putting everything your mouth loves into one hot lump — and they make no bones about it. So don't skimp on frosting.
Are you surprised that you're the lead in a dramatic series?
I always thought that I belonged in a dramatic scenario. I have a complicated energy. You don't see me enter a scene and think, “Oh, this is going to be a laugh riot” like many of the people I've performed with — David Cross, Chris Farley, Jay Johnston — performers who I think have a presence with a comic energy. I look like I have more questionable motives when I enter a scene.
Hillary Clinton called on her supporters to continue their work building a better, stronger, and fairer America in her first public remarks since conceding the presidential election.
"I know many of you are deeply disappointed about the results of the election. I am too, more than I can ever express," Clinton said Wednesday night. "But our campaign was never about one person or one election. It was about the country we love and building an America that is hopeful, that is inclusive, that is big-hearted."
Clinton spoke at an event held by the Children's Defense Fund, the nonprofit organization where she once served as a staff attorney, then later as a board member. Speaking publicly was not easy, Clinton said, but she was inspired by the people she had met through the organization who had overcome poverty and other challenges.
"Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest thing for me," Clinton said. "There have been a few times this past week when all I wanted to do was just curl up with a good book and our dogs and never leave the house again."
But, Clinton said she was inspired by the people she had met through the organization, including young adults who were succeeding in school in spite of poverty and other challenges in their lives.
"You refuse to stop pushing, and when you get knocked down, you get back up," she said.
To her supporters in the crowd, Clinton emphasized the continued importance of working to end child poverty.
"This isn't someone else's problem," she said. "These aren't someone else's children. This is America's problem because they are America's children."
When she started her career in public service, Clinton said she never considered the possibility of holding the office of president.
"I did decide to be an activist, to use my law degree to help kids," she said. "Every child deserves to have the opportunity to live up to his or her God-given potential. As we move forward into a new, and in many ways uncertain future, that must be the test for America, and for ourselves."
Clinton urged the crowd to hold on to their values and look for common ground across party lines. The 2016 campaign, after all, had brought the issues of child care and family leave into the national spotlight within both parties, she said.
"We have work to do, and for the sake of our children and our families and our country, I ask you to stay engaged," she said. "Stay engaged at every level. We need you. America needs you."
Clinton acknowledged the deep divide within the US revealed by the election, and she told the audience to not lose heart.
"America is worth it. Our children are worth it," she said. "Believe in our country, fight for our values, and never, ever give up."
NewsFaith, Homosexuality
MOSCOW, August 1, 2013 (LifeSiteNews.com) – Vladimir Putin has urged the world's political leaders to stop the violent persecutions against Christians that have erupted in many Middle Eastern countries.
Speaking at a meeting with Orthodox Christian leaders in Moscow last week, the Russian President said he noted “with alarm” that “in many of the world's regions, especially in the Middle East and in North Africa inter-confessional tensions are mounting, and the rights of religious minorities are infringed, including Christians and Orthodox Christians.”
“This pressing problem should be a subject of close attention for the entire international community,” Putin said. “It is especially important today to make efforts to prevent intercultural and interreligious conflicts, which are fraught with the most serious upheavals.”
Putin praised the growth of cooperation between the Orthodox Churches and the Russian state, saying, “We act as genuine partners and colleagues to solve the most pressing domestic and international tasks, to implement joint initiatives for the benefit of our country and people.”
The Russian Federation recently passed legislation making it illegal to promote homosexuality as normal, a move that, while condemned by many European leaders, was strongly supported by the Orthodox Church.
Putin added Thursday that the Church was giving Russians a moral compass when so many were looking for help. “Today when people are once again searching for moral support, millions of our compatriots see it in religion,” he said. “They trust the wise, pastoral word of the Russian Orthodox Church.”
He added that it was the Church that was ultimately responsible for the development and rise of “culture and education” in Russia over the last 1,000 years. “The adoption of Christianity became a turning point in the fate of our fatherland, made it an inseparable part of the Christian civilization and helped it turn into one of the largest world powers,” Putin said.
The head of the Russian Orthodox Church, Patriarch Kirill, said at the same meeting that the attempts to push Christians out of Syria would lead to a “civilization catastrophe.” Kirill and other Orthodox leaders have been critical of the lack of response to the crisis facing Christians in the Middle East by US and other Western leaders.
The meeting was held with the leaders of all 15 Orthodox Churches to commemorate the 1,025th anniversary of the “Baptism of Russia” – the official adoption of Christianity and establishment of the Russian Orthodox Church in Kievan Rus by Prince Vladimir in 988 A.D.
Orthodox leaders at the meeting also condemned the growing secularist suppression of Christian freedoms in non-Muslim countries like Britain, where “gay marriage” has just been created.
Metropolitan Hilarion, the Russian Orthodox Church's chief ecumenical officer, said “secularization in disguise of democratization” is leading Western nations toward totalitarianism. He spoke of a “powerful energy today [that] strives to finally break with Christianity, which controlled its totalitarian impulses during 17 centuries.”
Metropolitan Hilarion said, “Eventually, it unconsciously strives to set up an absolute dictatorship that demands total control over each member of society. Don't we move to it when ‘for the sake of security' we agree to obligatory electronic passports, dactyloscopy [fingerprint identification] for everyone, and photo cameras occurring everywhere?”
He highlighted the attempt to create same-sex “marriage” in France, which he called an attempt to make “immorality normal,” saying, that the French government has “consciously and demonstratively ignored demands of people and used tear gas to disperse them.”
Later, at a reception in Kiev, Putin and Patriarch Kirill took part in a prayer service with Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovych. He urged the leaders of Ukraine to turn towards a greater unity with Russia, and away from its overtures to the European Union, citing a natural cultural and spiritual relationship that is not present with the heavily secularist EU.
Patriarch Kirill added that it is the Orthodox religion that creates genuine unity between Slavic peoples. “Our ancestors adopted the Christian faith and, together with it, a system of values and morals…that no historical upheavals were able to destroy,” he said. Russians, Ukrainians, and Belarusians have a shared spiritual foundation that unites them more than their national boundaries divide them.
Patriarch Kirill said of the same-sex “marriage” fad sweeping the Western world, “This is a very dangerous apocalyptic symptom, and we must do everything so that sin is never validated by the laws of the state in the lands of Holy Rus, because this would mean that the people are starting on the path of self-destruction.”
Today, Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird, blasted the Russian government for its law banning gay propaganda, calling it “hateful.”
Baird said that the Canadian delegation was among those governments that tried to dissuade the Russian leadership not to adopt the law that outlaws all attempts to normalize homosexuality or other forms of non-traditional sexuality, especially to children.
“This mean-spirited and hateful law will affect all Russians 365 days of the year, every year. It is an incitement to intolerance, which breeds hate. And intolerance and hate breed violence,” Baird told the Canadian Press today.
The comments follow an announcement by Russia's sports minister, Vitaly Mutko, who said the law would be enforced against athletes and visitors to Russia during next year's winter Olympic games.
Good bacteria can be beneficial for your gut - now researchers have discovered they can reduce stress as well.
Good bacteria can be beneficial for your gut - now researchers have discovered they can reduce stress as well.
Scientists at University College Cork (UCC) discovered that a special kind of probiotic may help reduce stress, improve memory function, and even counteract symptoms of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
A probiotic is a supplement containing live bacteria that provides health benefits.
Their study was published only yesterday at the prestigious Neuroscience 2015, a global meeting about brain science and health.
Previously, the team of 10 researchers, led by Dr Gerard Clarke of the Department of Psychiatry and Neuro-Behavioural Science and the APC Microbiome Institute at UCC, had discovered that a particular strain of bacteria reduced stress, anxiety, and depressive-like behaviours in mice.
Mood
To see whether the strain Bifidobacterium longum 1714 would have similar effects on humans, the scientists had 22 healthy male volunteers take the probiotic strain daily for four weeks and a placebo for another four weeks.
"One of the things we're interested in is how bacteria in the gut can impact on our mood - they can influence our emotions and the way we think, and how we can translate this into the development of something that is meaningful from a clinical perspective," explained Dr Clarke.
"We looked at the concept of a psycho-biotic. This is a bacterium that can potentially be of benefit for patients with stress-related disorders."
Over the course of their four weeks on the psycho-biotic, Dr Clarke says, the 22 males filled in a daily online questionnaire about their stress levels.
"Then we brought them into the laboratory and checked their stress response.
"We found that the psycho-biotic reduced the amount of cortisol (stress hormone) produced in the body following a stressful activity. This tied in with what they had reported on the questionnaire."
The benefits of this psycho-biotic may hold the promise of a new treatment for stress-related disorders.
However, he emphasises, the research is still at a very early stage. "Depression is a very typical stress-related disorder with high levels of cortisol, so we believe this psycho-biotic could be of benefit because it actively reduces cortisol levels in the body."
The main author of the study, Dr Andrew Allen, says the team is excited about the long-term potential of the study.
"This research shows a single probiotic can alter central nervous system processes such as stress and memory in humans," he said.
Irish Independent
Donald Trump ran for office last year on promises to slash environmental rules and other regulations, arguing that their benefits weren't worth the costs they imposed on business. After his surprise victory, some investors wondered whether the recent growth of so-called sustainable investing would be lopped off like a mountaintop above a rich seam of coal. Surely, they thought, companies that placed a primary emphasis on social and environmental issues would see their stocks suffer.
Since January, the President has been hacking away at the regulatory forest—making progress there even as other elements of his agenda have been stymied in Congress. So how have mutual funds in the “ESG” space (environment, social and governance) fared? To riff on an old saying, rumors of their death have been greatly exaggerated.
As it turns out, funds in this category have kept up with the market—even as the market itself has had a strong year. Just as significant: Investors are pouring new money into the category at an unprecedented rate. To wit: the net $3.5 billion of inflows into U.S.-based retail ESG funds and ETFs from January to July of this year. That surpasses inflows for all of 2015 ($2.6 billion), and at the current pace will easily eclipse the record $4.9 billion set in 2016.
“This field is global in nature and has a tremendous amount of momentum,” says Jon Hale, director of sustainable investing research at Chicago-based Morningstar. “In some ways, the election has actually galvanized ESG investors.”
Those mutual fund figures are only teensy drops in a larger, responsible-investing ocean. When you include big-money investors like pension funds, high-net-worth individuals, private equity, and sovereign-wealth funds, there was roughly $9 trillion in ESG assets for U.S.-listed products. There was $23 trillion worth of such assets globally at the start of 2016, according to the biennial Global Sustainable Investment Review, a 25% increase from 2014.
Illustration by Benedetto Cristofani
This trend reflects, in part, the growing acceptance of the idea that responsible corporate behavior pays off for shareholders. (For a substantial list of examples, see our Change the World list.) Institutional investors' thirst for ESG products continues unabated, says Hale, indicating that this is not a fad but something more lasting and transformative. What's more, sustainable investing is not something localized to America but rather a global phenomenon—minimizing the impact of policy changes at the White House. Take the example of the Paris Agreement: Even if the U.S. withdraws from that climate pact, the rest of the world remains on board, and thus pulls corporate practices and investor assets in that direction.
Demographics—and marketing—are at play here too. Older millennials are now in their mid-thirties, leveling up into their prime earning years and starting to control more investable assets. In time, they will be on the receiving end of one of the biggest wealth transfers in history, with inheritances from the baby boomers. As a generation, millennials are especially drawn to the notion of ESG investing: 86% of them indicate interest in it, according to Morgan Stanley, a level of interest about 20 percentage points higher than among boomers. Millennials are also twice as likely to buy a fund if it operates on a socially responsible thesis.
Nicolas Rapp
That kind of information is catnip to financial services companies, and more products are being rolled out to soak up those socially conscious assets. A dozen ESG funds or ETFs have launched in the U.S. in this year alone, says Hale. There are now 187 U.S.-listed open-end funds and ETFs in the space, with total assets of $75 billion.
The bottom line: Environmentally and socially conscious investors may not be able to control policy—but they can control where their own money goes. “For the average person who is concerned about this stuff, who wants to know what they can do, one of their questions should be, ‘How do I use the capital I have?' ” says Lisa Woll, CEO of the Washington, D.C.–based Forum for Sustainable and Responsible Investment. That may be part of the reason why usage of ESG data on Morningstar's platform, which is employed by asset managers and advisory firms, has quadrupled since Trump's election.
On the performance front, results are encouraging. While experts in the space are careful not to promise market-beating returns, they also point out there is no apparent penalty for civic-minded investing. Almost half of large-blend ESG funds—a mix of actively and passively managed—have outperformed the S&P 500 so far this year, compared with only 27% of non-ESG funds, according to Hale. In other words, broadly speaking, ESG investors can expect to mimic the wider market, with the added bonus that their money is being put to some good.
The next front in the battle for sustainable investing may very well be: you. Retail investors still account for a very small share of the ESG investing market. That's largely because companies have been sluggish to incorporate this trend in their 401(k)s. Few retirement ­accounts have a sustainable fund option on their menu.
Related: Cryptocurrencies Are Utterly Trouncing Traditional Assets Like Gold and Real Estate
For investment companies, that's some low-hanging fruit to pluck. “For most people …most of their assets are likely sitting in their retirement accounts,” says Woll. “There is more and more pressure to get pension and retirement funds to add sustainable options.”
There is also growing interest in a particular subset of ESG investing known as “social impact” investing. Whereas more general ESG funds might aim for merely avoiding companies that they see as bad for society, such as ­fossil-fuel companies or weapons makers, social impact funds aim to invest in companies that actively try to make the world a better place. They also put heavy emphasis on measuring that impact and reporting back to investors. (Think of it as the mutual fund equivalent of the way social entrepreneurs approach philanthropy. Shareholders don't want merely nice words or thoughts—they want data, and they want it now.)
With more ESG funds to choose from, there are some pitfalls to keep in mind. Some funds have noble intentions but very short track records, making them hard to handicap. Many ESG funds are on the small side, and the lack of economy of scale, along with the extra expenses involved in researching and screening companies, can make them slightly more expensive than non-ESG funds. (The average actively managed, large-blend ESG fund carries an expense ratio of 0.96%, according to Morningstar data.)
That said, these funds have earned respect from the experts:
The Parnassus Fund (PARNX) is the flagship of San Francisco–based Parnassus Investments, one of the longest-standing ESG-oriented fund companies. It boasts one-year returns of 21% and has averaged returns of 10% annually since its inception in 1984. With $1 billion under management, Parnassus skews toward reasonably priced “value” stocks—its holdings have an average price/earnings ratio five points lower than that of the S&P 500—and it carries an expense ratio of 0.86%. Current top holdings include Gilead Sciences (gild), Motorola Solutions (msi), and Progressive (pgr). (The firm also runs a fund called Parnassus Endeavor, whose stock picking relies on some of the same screening metrics as the Fortune Best Companies to Work For list; those companies get high marks for treating their employees well, a factor that's often considered in ESG investing.)
It's possible to do ESG investing with “passive” funds too. Vanguard FTSE Social Index (VFTSX) owns a basket of 434 stocks; it has risen 21.6% in the past year and 16.7% annually over five years, with holdings skewing toward tech giants like Apple (aapl), Alphabet (googl), and Microsoft (msft). Perhaps most alluring, the $3.3 billion fund has a rock-bottom 0.22% expense ratio.
Socially responsible investing extends beyond the world of equities as well. In practice, the social impact of fixed-income investments can be much easier to measure, since bonds are often tied to specific projects. One attractive fund in that arena is TIAA-CREF Social Choice Bond (TSBRX). The $1.4 billion fund sniffs out “green” bonds: It will avoid bond issuances that pay for deforestation or the sinking of new oil wells but will happily snap up those that finance positive projects like solar panels or electric vehicles. Its holdings are a mix of corporate, government, municipal, and mortgage-backed securities, more than 40% of them rated triple A.
Investors have largely abandoned the notion that helping the planet or making money is an either/or proposition. “Don't be afraid to ask your adviser about how to invest that way,” says Hale. “Five years ago, you might have been met with blank stares. No longer.”
A version of this article appears in the Sept. 15, 2017 issue of Fortune with the headline “Times Change, But ‘Green' Funds Keep Growing.”
In Which Hazel Has The World On A String
Before anyone could get too uncomfortable with it, Amaranth realized that she was treading a line as far as pressuring the unclad elves about their choices and started looking around for something more complimentary to talk about.
I was watching her face… always so expressive, but more so when she was surrounded by people… as she looked around the room and then seemed to stop on nothing. I looked again, and realized she was looking right at Hazel.
It wasn't that unusual for the burrow gnomes to go unnoticed. Something about them seemed to repel attention the way a raincoat repels water. The effect normally extended to whatever they were wearing, but something was glinting on Hazel's chest. Amaranth drew closer, and I found myself doing the same.
It was a ring… not gold, but some vaguely golden, slightly bronze material. If you've ever seen gold model paint, it looked like the metal version of that.
It was clearly too big for her fingers, which made my enchanter's mind immediately jump to the notion that it probably wasn't magic as resizing enchantments had been standard on rings for centuries, and so she was wearing it on a thin silver chain.
Where a setting might have been on the band, there were three sorts of flat, boxy protrusions of the same material. There might have been stones inset in them or something, but nothing that was visible while the whole thing was hanging backwards.
It registered on my mind that the ring was not actually all that shiny, but it had caught my eye as if it was. Again, that pinged my enchanter's brain. It was as if it had the property of notability without actually being notable.
“That's such an interesting ring, Hazel,” Amaranth said. Out of someone else's mouth, that might have had a backhanded edge, but even when Amaranth couldn't muster a sincere sentiment, she wasn't one for insults. In this case, though, it sounded like interesting just meant interesting. Actually, the word I would have used was fascinating. Once I saw the ring, it was hard to take my eyes off it. “Wherever did you find it?”
“Oh, this old thing?” Hazel said. “It's funny you should put it that way, you know, because I actually did find it.”
“Oh? I hope someone else didn't lose it,” Amaranth said.
“Not any time recently, they didn't,” Hazel said. “It was in this very building, among the clutter in the back rooms upstairs. I found it on a, er, scouting mission, I guess you could say, before things were finalized.”
“That's interesting,” Glory said, gliding over to see it, too. “You know, part of my deal with the university was that I was responsible for clearing out all that ‘clutter'.”
“Yeah, well… I guess you had that much to clear out, didn't you?” Hazel said. “You're welcome.”
“I'm just saying, a case could be made that I paid for that ring,” Glory said. “I mean, I was made responsible the state of the house and all its contents.”
“Yeah, except the ring wasn't among the contents at the point you took possession, was it?” Hazel said. “I mean, if you want a row over it…”
“Perish the thought!” Glory said with a laugh, and just like that it was like a spell was broken. The ring… I wasn't sure what had been so interesting about it. I wasn't even sure it wasn't just covered in cheap paint. “It's not like I was expecting to get a vast horde of treasure for my trouble when I took this place over. If someone's old class ring is the most valuable thing you took from the hall before I had a chance to inspect it, then I don't think I'm missing out.”
“Good,” Hazel said. “I was going to say if you want a row over it, it's not worth the trouble to me, but all things considered, I'd like to keep it. I've been… well, not to sound superstitious, but I've been thinking of it as my good-luck charm. Ever since I found it, things have just been going my way in a general sense. I wasn't worried about sitting my exams, exactly, but I breezed through them in a way I wasn't expecting, and the one I wasn't ready for? Was delayed until I was.”
“Then by all means, hold on to it and keep it close,” Glory said. “We should all be so lucky.”
She slid away, in the slinky way that I knew for a fact was designed to keep my eyes following her ass, because she was an elf and her very slightly curved behind only moved from side to side when she walked if she wanted it to. It was a skill she'd picked up with a lot of practice from watching how humans and other people who were stuck obeying the basic laws of physics like chumps moved when they walked.
There was still something otherworldly about it, something too fluid about the motion, too smooth. I wasn't sure if I would describe it as being as if the parts of her body passed through more points in space as they described a curve, or if they somehow skipped some. Either way, it was… something. Elven perfection defied human perception.
“Time was, you would be so flustered if someone caught you staring at another woman's ass, baby,” Amaranth said, suddenly standing beside me, with her hand on my backside… and just as suddenly, I was so flustered, cheeks flushing red-hot. No matter how much I got used to the idea of being the sort of person who, you know, did things with other women… I felt like I would never really get used to it. “She wants you to follow her.”
“I'm not sure I'm up for that,” I said. “I… our sex life is still a little complicated. I mean, we're still kind of… feeling things out, in, you know… certain areas?”
“Well, I think maybe the best way to do that is to… feel things out,” Amaranth said, pausing before adding, “in, you know, certain areas.”
“It's hard,” I said. “She has her elven hang-ups, I have my… secondhand religious ones, and there's just not a lot of stuff we can do. The things we've figured out kind of go between just a lot of light touching and cuddling, which is nice, and…”
“What you need… or what she needs… is a good harness,” Amaranth said. “I mean, you and Steff never have any trouble figuring out what to do with each other.”
“Penises,” Steff said, throwing her arms around me from behind and grinding hers against my ass, through her skirt. “They just have a way of cutting through all of life's thorniest problems. Related note? Do not attempt to cut thorns with your penis. Well, not unless you have a healing potion in a wide-mouth bottle handy. Related note?”
“Do not stick your penis in a potion bottle?” I guessed.
“I can see this isn't your first time around the block,” Steff said. Her hand slipped around my front, touching my inner thigh. “Are you sure you don't have a penis?”
“I'm sure,” I said, knowing with absolute certainty what was coming.
“Want one?”
I looked around the room to verify that it was still not that kind of party… some nudity, some people grinding on each other a bit, but not both at the same time. I would have needed to be in the right kind of headspace to do anything that exhibitionist at even this level of public, and Steff knew this… but she hadn't asked if I wanted to tear my clothes off here and now or anything.
There were rooms in the house for that sort of thing, there always were. I just didn't know if I wanted to use them, if no one else was going at it. Elven senses being what they were, a private room was only slightly less public than the public space. There were ways to block sound, but everyone who could suddenly not hear what was happening would probably have a pretty good idea what wasn't happening.
Sometimes a thing like that wouldn't necessarily bother me. Sometimes it would. Sometimes being bothered by that would just turn me on more, in some perverse, paradoxical way. Minds were complicated. Sex was complicated. Desire was really complicated.
Right at that moment, with two of the people I loved most touching me and surrounded by people I loved, admired, and desired, I was so turned on I kind of wanted to have sex with literally everyone… but I kind of didn't want anyone to know about it.
“I'm not sure,” I said. “Would we be… I mean… is anyone else… I don't want us to be the only ones…”
“Fuck, Mack,” Steff said. “There's juicier shit going on right now all over the building. No one's going to be paying attention to us when they could be listening to Nicki trying to fit her skull inside Grace's cervix. There is nothing you and I can do, and I mean nothing, that is kinkier the pointy-eared crowd than the former queen's sister letting a human inside her v-zone.”
I looked around and noticed that Nicki and Grace had, in fact, disappeared, as they were so often wont to do.
“I have an idea that I think might satisfy everyone,” Amaranth said.
“Is it satisfying everyone?” Steff said.
“It's you and I take my little toy here,” she said, slipping an arm around me and pulling me in close, “and we catch up with Glory.”
“…I don't know if she'd go for that, Ames,” Steff said.
“I do,” Amaranth said, her voice dropping into a low, honeyed purr. “Believe me, she's been thinking about you for a while, but it wouldn't have been… well, she's to think about politics. And the issue that she and Mack have alone, together? It would be a bit less complicated with more bodies in the mix.”
“How… how is that less complicated?” I said, eyes down and face burning, even though I couldn't deny… well, things were definitely happening.
“It's… hard to explain, maybe,” Amaranth said.
“That doesn't sound less complicated,” I said.
“Sex is all about moves, right?” she said. “Decisions. Strategies, even. Some are better than others, but you can go too far worrying about the right move versus the wrong move… especially when what might be the obvious move is unappealing because of cultural hang-ups. Then you add the pressure that comes when the only other pair of eyes in the room is on you, is looking at you, waiting for you to do something, anything…”
“So adding more bodies to the mix adds to the number of moves?” I said. “But doesn't that add more wrong moves, too?”
“There are less wrong moves than you think there are,” she said. “And far less wrong moves than there are right ones. As long as you know your partners' boundaries… and we all do… it's easy to spot them. The right moves are harder to spot, but the more you learn about your partners' bodies, their drives and desires, the more obvious they become. And if you and Glory still haven't figured things out, you at least know what you're doing with us.”
“…so the three of us have sex while she looks awkwardly on?” I said. “I'm not seeing what she gets out of that.”
“I don't know, Mack,” Steff said. “I'd watch me fucking you any day, if I could.”
“There's that,” Amaranth said. “And I can't imagine Glory standing by for long… even if she doesn't have the same familiarity with us as you do, I imagine she's a fast study… and if she gets physical with us and Mack, that might be a good way to segue into being more physical with Mack?”
“So basically, in this scenario, we're the toys that are aids in their relationship?” Steff said.
“So are we going to talk about it, or do it?” Steff said.
“We can talk about it as long as we need to,” Amaranth said. “Or we can stop, if we're making you uncomfortable… I mean, I know what you want, sexually and to an extent, emotionally, but that's not the same as knowing what you'll choose…”
“No,” I said. It had taken me a while to force the word out, so caught up in a whirlwind of sensation and possibilities I was.
“Okay, baby,” Amaranth said. “We can talk about something else, or go somewhere…”
“I mean, no, let's not stop,” I said. “Let's do it. Let's find Glory.”
The YWCA is adding to the criticism around the federal government's income-splitting tax incentives for its exclusion of single parent families.
"I think it's really a moral failure of our society," Janet Austin, the CEO of the Metro Vancouver YWCA, told The Early Edition's Rick Cluff.
In British Columbia, there are approximately 16,000 single parent families on income and disability assistance, and according to the provincial government, approximately 90 per cent of those parents are women.
"It's a reflection of the poverty of women, and the fact that we don't recognize the importance of the care of children and recognize that it is of economic value."
Last week, the Parliamentary Budget Officer released a report saying the new family tax credit — a non-refundable credit of up to $2,000 for couples with children under 18-years-old — will cost $2.2 billion dollars, and will benefit 15 per cent of Canadian households.
The report said middle and middle-high income couples are most likely to benefit from the credit.
Austin said she would like to see investments aimed at helping single parents, such as a federal universal child care system.
"It's very difficult for single parents to work or to improve their employment potential by studying when they have responsibility for the care of young children, so they face enormous challenges.
To hear the full interview with Janet Austin, click the audio labelled: YWCA criticizes new family tax credit.
Psychonauts 2: Almost Definitely Going to Happen. You fans can have the subtitle for free, Double Fine.
The Psychonauts crowdfunding campaign has raised over $2 million.
13,409 backers have donated $2,073,691 via Fig since the project launched during The Game Awards late last week.
The campaign hit $1.1 million in just 14 hours. Perhaps this isn't surprising given backers have the chance to earn money back on their investment if they put $1,000 or more in the pot.
The $3.3 million Double Fine has asked for is only part of the budget; Double Fine has its own stack of cash, and has roped in an external investor whom we all secretly hope is Minecraft creator Markus “Notch” Persson, assuming he hasn't spent all his money on enormous mansions. The full budget is likely about $10 million, based on past estimates.
For more on new kind of crowdfunding, read Steph's detailed interview with Tim Shafer on Psychonauts 2 and Fig.
A major U.S. hospital operator says hackers based in China broke into its computer systems and stole data on 4.5 million patients.
Community Health Systems said the attack occurred in April and June of this year, but it wasn't until July that it determined the theft had taken place.
Working with a computer security company, it determined the attack was carried out by a group based in China that used "highly sophisticated malware" to attack its systems. It didn't release specific details of the attack.
"The attacker was able to bypass the company's security measures and successfully copy and transfer certain data outside the company," it said in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
The group is apparently known to U.S. federal law enforcement authorities, which are now involved in the case. But the identity of the group was not disclosed.
The hackers got away with patient names, addresses, birthdates, telephone numbers and Social Security numbers of the 4.5 million people who were referred to or received services from doctors affiliated with the company in the last five years. The stolen data did not include patient credit card, medical or clinical information.
Community Health Systems, based in Franklin, Tennessee, is one of the largest hospital operators in the U.S. with 206 hospitals in 29 states from New York across the South to the Pacific coast.
The attack ranks as the second largest disclosed attack to hit the U.S. medical industry in the last few years, according to data from the Department of Health and Human Services.
The only one that was bigger involved data on 4.9 million military clinic and hospital patients stolen from Science Applications International Disclosed in 2011, the loss happened when data backup tapes containing records from 1992 through September 2011 were lost.
A second incident that comes close was the theft of a personal computer from Advocate Medical Group in a 2013 burglary that contained information on around 4 million patients.
Martyn Williams covers mobile telecoms, Silicon Valley and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service. Follow Martyn on Twitter at @martyn_williams. Martyn's e-mail address is martyn_williams@idg.com
Sandsend in North Yorkshire is newly recommended The number of UK beaches recommended for bathing in the new Good Beach Guide has fallen by almost a sixth owing to last year's heavy rain and floods. The Marine Conservation Society (MCS) is recommending 370 UK beaches out of 777 tested - a drop of 74 since 2008. This is the biggest annual fall in the guide's 22-year history, and the first time since 2002 that under half of UK bathing beaches are recommended. The MCS said rain had swept pollutants like raw sewage into rivers and sea. The latest bathing water tests were carried out between May and September 2008, coinciding with the seventh wettest British summer on record. We're becoming concerned that the existing infrastructure for handling storm pollution may not be up to the job
Thomas Bell
Marine Conservation Society
Marine Conservation Society - Good Beach Guide 2009 - UK Results [92.6 KB] The number of bathing beaches which failed even the mandatory EC standards for water quality increased by almost half to 78, up from 53 the previous year. "Today's results reflect last summer's heavy rain which swept waterborne pollutants like raw sewage, petro-chemicals and farm waste into rivers and the sea, " said Thomas Bell, MCS coastal pollution officer. "MCS is now recommending 25% fewer beaches than three years ago and we're becoming concerned that the existing infrastructure for handling storm pollution may not be up to the job." Health concerns The MCS is calling for specific counter-pollution measures, such as investment in more sustainable urban drainage systems, new farming practices and expansion of the sewers system to handle storm water. It says this is necessary in the face of changing weather patterns brought on by climate change. Mr Bell warned bathers that to avoid health risks, they should pick places to swim in the sea which had a good water quality record. HAVE YOUR SAY I don't want to say which is my favourite beach because it might become more popular and then it wouldn't have the same beauty and privacy Ali, London, UK People are advised to stay out of the water for at least 24 hours after heavy storms and report pollution problems to the MCS. A spokeswoman for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said they were "aware of the effect heavy rain and flooding can have on our coastal bathing waters and are working to improve our sewerage systems". She said: "In April, we announced as part of the draft Flood and Water Management Bill that we will end the automatic right to connect to sewers for surface water drainage and make connection conditional upon meeting new national standards of drainage. "This will result in less water reaching sewerage treatment works and consequently reduce the risk of flooding from overflows and pollution to our beaches."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Not too long after finding the “on” switch to the Nextrip signs at light rail stations, Metro Transit has begun a pilot program rolling out much improved bus stop signage in the Twin Cities. The pilot, funded by grant money leftover from the expansion of a Brooklyn Park park-and-ride, involves stops in North Minneapolis and Brooklyn Park. After the pilot, a wider rollout in the northwest metro is planned later this year, and the rest of the system should be updated in the next couple years using a mix of federal, state, and local funding.
Studies have shown that improved amenities at bus stops can affect riders' perception of wait times. Metro Transit currently ranks behind Portland, Maine on measures of basic bus stop signage–we're about on par with Wausau, Wisconsin.
Today, you can find the new signage along a stretch of the Route 22 on Lyndale Avenue North in Minneapolis. Here is one of the signs in all its glory at Farview Park.
You've got:
Distinctive branding (the “T”)
Phone number
Website
Route listing
Stop number
An easy-to-read illustration of frequency
A route map
This is an enormous improvement!
The map is a little complicated, but very clearly indicates which branches are traveling to which destinations. The chance of hopping on the wrong bus, getting lost in Angry Birds on your phone for ten minutes, and then looking up and realizing you're in the wrong county–a horrible worst nightmare for all transit users–is lower with this signage. A new or infrequent rider standing at this stop can easily tell that, if they're going to the Brooklyn Center Panda Express, they need to take the 22 A, B, or C–not the D.
The highest-used third of the system's stops will receive the map and the note about frequency, others will have a QR code–which feels a bit retro already. In general, a move towards thinking about frequency rather than 3:06, 3:17, 3:25, 3:34, etc, is maybe a good one for more frequent routes–are riders waiting for the northbound Route 18 bus arriving at Nicollet and 28th at 4:09 PM, or are they just waiting for the next 18? That logic doesn't work in all situations, but it may trick some people into being less frustrated when a bus arrives four minutes late on a route with eight minute headways.
You'd also have to think that the new signage could encourage transit use out on the edges of the core cities and in the suburbs–here, for instance. People in this neighborhood know that there are buses, and that there are bus stops. But people who might never otherwise think about transit may be out walking the dog and see very clearly that, hey, this bus goes some place I'd like to go, and it goes there all the time.
Below is the old and new signage (use the slider to compare side by side), these two stops are right across the street from each other…which do you prefer?
[image-comparator title=”Old & New Signage” left=”https://streets.mn/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Old-Signage.jpg” right=”https://streets.mn/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Route-22-New-Signage.jpg” width=”100%” classes=”hover”][/image-comparator]
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Related
Streets.mn is a non-profit and is volunteer run. We rely on your support to keep the servers running. If you value what you read, please consider becoming a member.
Women in Tech and Trauma
Jes Daigle Blocked Unblock Follow May 19, 2017
I'm going to get honest for a few. Really honest. Down and dirty, gut-wrenchingly honest.
According to R.A.I.N.N 1 out of every 6 women is the victim of an attempted or completed, rape.
1 in 6.
Let that sink in for a second. Think of the women you know. 1 in 6 of them have been a victim. Maybe you.
I have.
The first time I was raped I was barely old enough to tie my shoes. I can't tell you how many times it happened after that. Most of my younger years are either puzzle pieces I can't make fit, or flashes of memories I have worked years to forget. The P.T.S.D remains, though thankfully, is not as severe as it once was. I still jump at sudden noises, no matter what they are; my children dropping a toy, an unexpected knock on the door. I still grapple with anxiety and depression that, if I'm not diligent, will drag me so far down I fear I may not come out.
I was a “state kid” for the latter part of my teenage years, after (finally!) a social worker saw through my refusal to speak the unspeakable. That started a 4 year trend of suitcases and group homes. I left the final group home at 18 not knowing how to boil water (they don't let kids in the kitchen), but determined that somehow, some way, I would make it in this world. The one thing I did learn growing up, thanks to an uncle, was how to code. It was really the only thing I knew. I put myself through college with various jobs (one of the worst was 12 hours a day, folding hospital sheets) and coding on the side.
I was keenly aware that I was surrounded by men. Men who thought I didn't belong in computer science. Men who thought that my blonde hair meant I was good for a good time, but not good enough to code. I tuned them out, dug in my heels and worked my ass off. Not because I wanted to prove to them that I was more than my female appearance, but because I wanted to prove it to myself. I felt I needed to earn my place in this world; verify my right to exist. I fell flat on my face a lot, but I kept getting up.
Throughout my career I have been “mansplained” more times than I can count. I've been hit on, disregarded, disrespected, and ignored. The worst was in one of my first real jobs in tech. It was a local start up and the offices were in the owner's basement. He insisted that he and I share an office because we needed to “work closely together.” I was uneasy, but I tried to tell myself that my anxiety was unfounded, that I shouldn't judge everyone through the lens of my past. The sexual harassment quickly began and finally ended when he pushed me into a corner and tried to force himself on me. I ran out and never looked back.
That experience led me to be even more timid. Every time I wanted to share an idea, I silenced myself. Every time an opportunity presented I didn't feel qualified enough, even though I knew logically that I was. Eventually, I tuned that out too, and forged ahead, building a career that I'm proud of.
Almost 2 decades later, with titles like Director of Engineering and C.T.O under my belt, I sometimes feel like I'm still rolling the boulder uphill. I absolutely love my work; I love creating and building products that solve real world problems; I cherish the relationships I've built with other women in tech and have the utmost respect and gratitude for the men who've treated me as their equal. Yet, in spite of all the “success” I've achieved, I often feel that fight is far from over. Some of that is realistic; women in tech are underrepresented, under promoted, and unheard far too often. And then there is imposter syndrome.
Imposter Syndrome to a survivor of trauma is much more pronounced than it is for others. It feeds the anxiety and issue of self worth that I've endured because of what I've been through. When I am wondering when I'm going to get “found out” it feeds on the terror that was instilled in me as a child; forbidden secrets. It's as if the secrets I was forced to keep as a child have followed me into my career and adult life.
Being a woman in tech is tough. Being a woman with a trauma history in a male dominated field is even tougher. I have to constantly remind myself that I'm no longer a victim. I'm a survivor. I'm a survivor who is competent, creative, and dedicated. My professional experience speaks much louder than my inner voice that was conditioned by trauma. It has to, not just for my own sanity, but because that is what is real. The monster of trauma is deceptive at best, a full blown liar at worst.
1 in 6. That tells me that I'm not alone in this silent battle. It tells me that there are women like me who, perhaps also like me, have dared not speak about this because it would damage us professionally. We're supposed to be tough, but not too tough. We're supposed to be honest, but not too honest. We're supposed to be so many things, but never too much.
Today I throw off the cloak of fear and shame in hopes that I feel less like I've lived a dual life, and that my honesty with the world helps other women in tech be able to throw theirs' off too. You are not alone.
Donald Trump's brief moment of presidential behavior appears to be over.
On Aug. 21, President Donald Trump delivered a measured, respectable prime-time address explaining his new policy on the complex problem of Afghanistan. It was one of the most serious and sober-minded speeches of his seven-month-old presidency.
A day later, Trump removed his rhetorical cuff links and returned to the political street brawling he seemed to love as a candidate. Trump held a rally in Phoenix — where local officials urged him not to come — rousing several thousand supporters with familiar rants: the media is out to get him, the NAFTA trade deal is terrible, Democrats are obstructing his agenda.
While airing these grievances, Trump said he'd shut down the government if Congress doesn't appropriate $1.6 billion for the wall he wants to build along the U.S. border with Mexico. Government shutdowns aren't the worst thing in the world, since essential functions continue: Social Security checks keep going out and the Pentagon remains on alert. But voters hate shutdowns. The last time this happened, in 2013, a buoyant stock market flat-lined and the economy lost $24 billion in output before Congress funded the government after a 16-day impasse. Congress' approval rating plummeted to 8.5%, the lowest level on record.
Government shutdown threat is a bad idea
Would Trump really go to the mat for a mere $1.6 billion, which is .04% of all federal spending? Nobody knows, maybe not even Trump. But threatening to shut down the government is a foolish move that could harm Trump more than anybody else.
Trump probably hopes his threat will persuade Republicans who control Congress to throw in the towel and just give him the $1.6 billion. They might. But they might not, for a few important reasons. First, Trump's relationship with Congressional leaders is severely frayed, with the New York Times reporting that Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell aren't even on speaking terms. Trump's blunt criticism of McConnell and other should-be allies in Congress are part of the reason. Trump has also shown little interest in the usual horse-trading that gets bills passed. It's his way or the highway, which so far has led to the highway. (See: Better Care Reconciliation Act, b. 2017, d. 2017.)
One other problem: Virtually all Democrats and some Republicans think Trump's border wall is a bad idea, most likely leaving the Senate short of the votes needed to pass border-wall funding as a standalone measure. At least four Republican senators from states along the border—John McCain and Jeff Flake of Arizona, and Ted Cruz and John Cornyn of Texas—have problems with Trump's wall. They might cave amid larger concerns over shutting down the government. Or McConnell might be able to buy their support by padding a budget bill with other goodies that benefit their states. But it's worth noting that Trump has now bashed McConnell, McCain and Flake by name, in addition to lampooning Cruz as “lyin' Ted” during the campaign. These are not pals who will have Trump's back when the chips are down.
Wall fallout
So where will this all lead? Trump could have let the wall issue slide for the time being, promising to take it up after Congress manages to cut taxes — perhaps the most important item on Trump's agenda. He could have argued that he wants more time to persuade Mexico to pay for it, as he promised as a candidate. He could borrow his refrain from the health care debacle and complain that the border issue is more complicated than he thought, and requires more time.
Instead, he drew a line in the sand and set the stage for a binary outcome: Either he gets his wall funding, or he'll presumably veto a bill funding the government. Trump is obviously trying to fire up his base, which apparently doesn't mind a flirtation with anarchy. But a lot of others are listening in. Investors pushed stocks down following Trump's Phoenix rally, a bit unnerved by his remarks. Markets are once again trying to figure out whether to take Trump at his word, or discount his scariest threats.
If Trump doesn't get his wall funding, he'll either have to shut down the government, as promised —and bear the heat that's sure to come with that — or come up with an excuse for why he's going back on his word. Verbally, at least, Trump has foreclosed negotiations and half-measures and sharply limited his own options. He can always change his mind, and hope his supporters don't notice or care. But the self-described master dealmaker seems to be handicapping himself. Markets won't care if this is nothing more than an argument among politicians. Trump's job now is to make sure his border wall becomes nothing more than that.
Confidential tip line: rickjnewman@yahoo.com. Encrypted communication available.
Read more:
Rick Newman is the author of four books, including Rebounders: How Winners Pivot from Setback to Success. Follow him on Twitter: @rickjnewman
Lord McAlpine was on Monday night close to reaching a six-figure settlement with ITV over Phillip Schofield's onscreen blunder that linked several Conservative politicians with allegations of child sex abuse.
Solicitors for the former Tory party treasurer met lawyers for the broadcaster in London at 4pm to negotiate the terms of the libel payout, expected to be significantly more than the BBC's £185,000 bill.
There was speculation that the final payout could be as much as £500,000 – but ITV would not discuss any figures under negotiation. The broadcaster made contact with McAlpine's lawyers on Monday afternoon, having received a legal letter on Friday.
McAlpine launched legal action against ITV after This Morning host Philip Schofield brandished a list of Tory politicians allegedly linked to child sex abuse, handing it over to David Cameron, whom he was interviewing at the time.
Both ITV and Schofield have apologised for the incident, but McAlpine vowed to sue as he said that the onscreen ambush of the prime minister prompted thousands of libellous Twitter messages.
Lawyers for McAlpine confirmed on Monday that they would seek a quick settlement with ITV, and that they would pursue a larger sum of damages than paid out by the BBC last week as it is a commercial broadcaster rather than a publicly funded one.
Andrew Reid, the solicitor for McAlpine, said last week: "Phillip Schofield managed to embarrass the prime minister as a side part and then destroy my client's reputation," he told BBC Radio 4.
"What he did was very, very low and I am amazed it was allowed. It sent everyone on to the internet – those who couldn't read what was there – to see who being referred to. At the top of the list was Lord McAlpine."
McAlpine is also pursuing libel action against people who used Twitter to repeat the defamatory claim. Lawyers for the Tory peer are believed to have compiled thousands of tweets that name McAlpine and have urged those behind them to come forward to agree a swift settlement.
The media regulator Ofcom began its investigation into ITV over the Schofield incident last week. Schofield and four members of This Morning production staff were reprimanded by ITV last week following an internal inquiry.
Peter Fincham, ITV's director of television, said last week: "I've spoken to Phillip Schofield myself. He realises his mistake. He apologised for it extremely fully and extremely quickly and I discussed that with him and I think he's under no illusions that this was a lapse in ITV journalism; this is something we shouldn't have done.
"I'm not happy that this happened. We have editorial processes and checks in place and, to be honest with you, they weren't followed, so I'm not happy about that."
During a political season in which very little has gone according to script, one thing has been fairly predictable: the demand on all sides for “media objectivity.”
Advocates for objective political reporting are typically referring to journalistic conventions that include using direct quotes, presenting “both” sides of the story, and focusing on the presentation of “material facts.” These facts, we are often told, speak for themselves. But as intuitive and appealing as the call for neutral, unbiased reporting might sound, however, sociologists have been both cautious and critical.
One reason for sociological skepticism is that the notion of objectivity in political journalism is actually a fairly recent historical invention. It has less to do with balance or fairness than it does with ritualized procedures journalists use to protect themselves from the pressures they face in the day-to-day reporting of complex issues. Objectivity, in this sense, emerged as a kind of protective blanket for political journalists.
Not only are the ritualized practices of objectivity in political journalism relatively new, sociologists have shown that they are fraught with problems and limitations. For example, basic standards of media objectivity are typically less consistently applied to female political candidates and candidates of color.
Leave it to Pitchfork Pat Buchanan to take a seemingly rational discussion of America's relationship with Mexico on Andrea Mitchell's MSNBC show this morning and turn it into a Latino-bashing bigotfest:
Buchanan: Mexico is the greatest foreign-policy crisis I think America faces in the next 20-30 years. Who is gonna care, Andrea, thirty years from now whether a Sunni or a Shi'a is in Baghdad, or who's ruling in Kabul? We're going to have 135 million Hispanics living in the United States by 2050, heavily concentrated in the Southwest. The question is whether we're going to survive as a country.
Rrrrrright. I gather he's been listening to Glenn Beck.
Actually, this is hardly the first time such a pronouncement has come out of Buchanan's mouth. Indeed, his racism has become so open that it remains Exhibit A in calling BS on the right-wing claim that liberal political correctness has driven all such sentiments from the public square.
It's almost like he's the crazy Bircherite uncle no one wants to talk to at the family picnic, because you know he's just going to burst out eventually with some rude display of bigotry. And sure enough ...
Stephen Conroy concerned by claims US military officers fudged reports on war against Islamic State
Updated
Labor's defence spokesman, Stephen Conroy, has raised with the Chief of the Defence Force claims that senior US military officers manipulated reports on the war against Islamic State.
The New York Times is reporting that US intelligence analysts have accused their superiors of changing conclusions on the readiness of Iraqi security forces and the success of the bombing campaign in Syria.
The changes reportedly painted a better picture to the White House about how the war against IS was going.
The Daily Beast said the claims were supported by more than 50 intelligence analysts.
Senator Conroy told Lateline they were serious allegations.
"We've all lived through the invasion based on false intelligence information. No-one wants to see a repeat of that," he said.
The allegations — made public just before Australian fighter jets launched their first strikes on IS in Syria — are now being investigated by the Pentagon's inspector general.
"The investigation will address whether there was any falsification, distortion, delay, suppression or improper modification of intelligence information," a spokeswoman for the inspector general said.
Australian special forces soldiers are involved in training Iraqi forces, but the number of Australian soldiers in that role is being reduced from about 200 to about 80.
Senator Conroy said it would be "very concerning" if the intelligence Australia was receiving from the US had been tampered with.
He said he had raised the claims with the Chief of the Defence Force, as well as US officials.
"When you see 50 analysts potentially put their name to some fairly serious allegations, I think it deserves a full and independent investigation," Senator Conroy said.
"I think the fact that [US defence secretary] Ash Carter has put out a very specific instruction that says we don't want anything other than the unvarnished truth, [that] suggests that we've got to make sure that no-one thinks gilding the lily or misrepresenting or anything more serious is acceptable in a circumstance like this."
Conroy satisfied by response of Defence Force Chief
Senator Conroy said he was satisfied by the response of Defence Chief Air Chief Marshal Mark Binskin, who was confident in the intelligence being received.
But he said a thorough investigation into the issue was vital.
"I think everyone should be awaiting the report of the inspector general and he's an independent agency, so I think it's vital that a thorough investigation is held into this," the senator said.
"I think it would be a very serious situation if people had been doing any of the things described."
Meanwhile, Senator Conroy also poured doubt on allegations Australia had potentially caused civilian casualties in Iraq.
Earlier this month a US Central Command report listed an alleged incident where an Australian air strike against IS in Iraq may have caused civilian casualties.
Senator Conroy said he had been briefed on the issue.
"I don't believe that there's been any accusation that we have definitely killed civilians, but from the information — and I've received a full briefing on this — we have a system that works better than anyone else's in the world to minimise."
Number of civilians killed in dispute
The US-led coalition's bombing campaign in Syria is conducted under strict rules of engagement to avoid civilian deaths. But in spite of that, there is evidence emerging that many civilians are being killed.
According to Airwars, a not-for-profit group tracking the aerial war against IS, there have been more than 2,500 air strikes in Syria by US coalition forces since September last year.
With so many attacks, some civilian deaths are considered inevitable, but the numbers killed by coalition air strikes are in dispute.
Kinda Haddad speaks to Lateline about civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria
The Pentagon maintains there have only been two civilian deaths from air strikes, but using multiple sources, the Airwars group claims that between 329 and 404 civilians have been killed.
"We use publicly available reporting of all these incidents and the reports can vary. Some may say 10, some may say 15, and so we have the minimum number and we have a maximum number," Airwars spokeswoman Kinda Haddad told Lateline.
"It's very difficult to verify these figures exactly, but these figures, they're 330 to 400 of the incidents that we consider to be very credible.
"So there's more than two sources. There's video footage, there's named civilians, and then there are other incidents which are more poorly reported and the figure then, if you include those, would jump to 500.
"But we are just taking into considerations the ones that are very well sourced and well reported."
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, world-politics, defence-and-national-security, australia, united-states, iraq, syrian-arab-republic
First posted
The “traditional” values that have shaped our understanding of love, sex, and marriage are losing their hold on our culture. The last half century, in particular, has seen dramatic changes in attitudes about sex and in marital relationships, especially in terms of the division of labor, gender roles, the distribution of social and economic power, and transformations of legal rights and obligations. It's not surprising that these changes are greeted both with anxiety and with exuberance. They are both celebrated as liberating (by progressives) and bemoaned as undermining the very foundations of our civilization (by conservatives).
There is one ideal, however, to which most conservatives and progressives alike adhere: the ideal of monogamy. In popular culture, the monogamous loving couple is celebrated; the philanderer is demonized. Despite counter-cultural experiments with alternative arrangements (polygamy, polyandry, open relationships, and so on), despite historically unprecedented rates of divorce, despite widespread incidence of infidelity, the dream of a loving, life-long, monogamous relationship still commands widespread respect. And so, our culture remains, if not exactly committed to monogamy, largely “monogamish”.
But what is the ideal? Despite, or perhaps because of, its status as a self-evident good, there is surprisingly little consensus or even rigorous thought about what the ideal amounts to and what it entails. What does it really mean to be monogamous? What does a successful monogamous relationship involve? How should it deal with the inevitable changes that all human relationships undergo – for instance, from the passion of first love to the day-to-day demands of everyday domestic life? Or, the way children change the dynamic of personal relationships? How ought partners in a monogamous relationship deal with temptations? Can a monogamous relationship preserve passion in a satisfying way? Or does it offer a different kind of satisfaction to compensate for the loss of passion? What about alternatives to monogamy? Are they viable given the strength of the monogamous ideal in our culture?
In this film, we will explore such questions by talking to psychologists, anthropologists, philosophers, artists, and people living within and outside of monogamous relationships.
Chancellor Angela Merkel warned Germans in a New Year's address against joining anti-Islam rallies backed by a right-wing group, whose leaders "are often prejudiced, cold-hearted and full of hatred".
The anti-Islam movement organised by a right-wing group called Patriotic Europeans Against Islamisation of the West (PEGIDA) has continued to gain strength in the nation in the past few weeks, with an estimated 17,500 people attending the demonstration in the eastern German city of Dresden last week, the largest so far.
Hundreds of people have been staging demonstrations in Dresden every Monday since the end of September to protest against the government's asylum policy and "Islamisation of Germany".
"I call upon all those who participate in such demonstrations: do not follow the calls of their organisers who are often prejudiced, cold-hearted and full of hatred," Merkel said in her New Year's eve TV and radio address to the nation, using unusually direct words.
Merkel, who grew up in former East Germany, said that even though the anti-Islam protesters have been chanting the same slogan "we are the people" used by demonstrators against the communist dictatorship there 25 years ago, "what they actually mean is that you are not a part of it because of your skin colour or your religion".
The movement's popularity has surged within a short period and thousands of new followers have been joining its demonstrations every week. The anti-Islam movement also has been spreading to other German cities such as Cologne, Dusseldorf and Bonn.
PEGIDA organisers insist they are protesting against extremism only and not against immigrants or Islam but the demonstrations have received support from far-right groups, prompting concerns anti-foreigner sentiment might be rising.
Long-running fighting in Iraq and in Syria and the brutalities perpetrated by the Islamic State (IS) terror group in areas under its control in the two countries have unleashed a refugee crisis unprecedented since the end of the World War II, Merkel said.
Many people have saved their lives by fleeing their country and Germany will certainly help those seeking refuge in this country, she said.
"Perhaps the greatest complement one can make to our country is that children of persecuted people can grow up here without fear," she said.
Germany has been benefiting from migration and demographic developments in this country will make it increasingly reliant on foreign workers to meet the demands for skilled workers and nursing staff to take care of elderly and disabled people. "Migration is a gain for Germany," she said.
When you're on a job search, time takes on a strange quality. Afternoons spent searching for suitable job openings can feel like eternity, but somehow the first of the month, when the bills are due, seems to come around awfully quickly.
When you get a job interview, it's a big occasion. You can say to yourself "It's no big deal, it's just another job interview" but it's hard to keep your cool as the big day approaches.
You want to believe that any given interview doesn't matter all that much, but your bank account is shrinking. Wouldn't it be wonderful if this were the job you've been waiting for, and wouldn't it be fabulous and life-saving to get the offer?
No wonder people tense up before job interviews. When you need a job, every interview feels like a chance at salvation.
There are two elements that will help you walk into a job interview feeling ready to rock it. The first is preparation before the interview date, and the second is a set of techniques for the interview day itself. Let's start with your advance preparation.
Let's Talk About Pain
If there weren't any business pain, there wouldn't be a job opportunity. Behind every interview there's at least one painful and expensive problem plaguing the organization that's interviewing you, or they'd never take the time to meet you.
Luckily for Mojofied Job Seekers, business pain is everywhere. Companies lose customers. They have trouble getting new products to market. Their marketing efforts fall flat. Expenses climb out of control.
There's business pain everywhere! Whether an organization is growing or shrinking, they've got pain. It's an unavoidable consequence of doing business.
Your job on a job interview is not to sit in your chair like a docile little mouse, answering questions the way children do in school. Your job is to dig in with your hiring manager and learn as much as you can about the business pain behind the job ad. The more preparation you can do ahead of time, the easier your task will be in the interview.
How can you learn about the business pain that's keeping your hiring manager up at night?
Start with the organization's own website. How old are they, and how large? Check out their press releases and other announcements. Read the leadership team bios. Where do these folks come from, and how long have they been with the firm?
Is the company a lumbering giant that needs to wake up and smell the new-millennium competitive coffee, or a ready-fire-aim startup that could benefit from a little more process and altitude?
The company's own website will fill in lots of gaps in your knowledge base (and if there is no website or a shoddy one in need of an overhaul, that should be duly noted).
Make a Hypothesis
When you get the call or email message inviting you for a job interview, don't reply to it with "Sure! Great!" Do reply to the interview request, but ask a few questions of your own. You want to know who you'll be meeting with, for how long, and the title of each of your interviewers.
If the recruiter really doesn't know (some employers invite candidates in for interviews before they know which team members will be doing the interviewing) ask about the cast of interviewers as soon as you get to the building.
Bring a notepad with you, and write down the list of interviewers you'll be meeting and each person's role in the organization. Even a few minutes to think about each interviewer's most likely priorities, based on his or her position, will help you tremendously.
Focus your Pain Hypothesis on your hiring manager. What is the most likely reason this job opening was approved and this manager is willing to talk with you today? What's not working right, thus costing the company money and time?
If you walk into an interview with a Pain Hypothesis, you can quickly get the manager off the track "So, tell me about a time when you..." and onto more solid, fruitful ground talking about Business Pain and remedies.
Examples of Pain Hypotheses
If the job opening is the first-ever Customer Support Manager for a $10M pet neutraceuticals maker, what's your Pain Hypothesis? A solid guess is that customer service is horrendous and customers are leaving because of it. Who ever created a Customer Support Manager position for any other reason?
You're interviewing for an Administrative Assistant role for the VP of HR in a regional grocery store chain. Grocery stores have razor-thin margins, and they throw around salary nickels like manhole covers, especially for staff jobs like HR. Why would they get the HR VP her own admin assistant? They have to - there are 8,000 employees with needs and only one VP and two roving HR teammates to serve all of them. Too many employees, too many issues and too few HR folks to go around. Voila - business pain!
What if you're pursuing a Consulting Software Engineer position with an ERP implementation firm? Their pain most likely concerns integration of the big, cumbersome ERP application they're hired to install and the client's own systems. Nobody wants to tell the clients that they can't have the newest, shiniest features because they're using Mad Men-era systems, so they're hiring you to make everything work flawlessly together or at least make it seem that way. On the interview, focus on the pain -- the fact that projects are going too slowly, customers aren't happy about the results or the cost, and the delays are damaging the company's reputation.
Hypothesis? Check! Next: Questions
Once you've got a Pain Hypothesis, you can broaden your research to learn more about the organization. Who are its customers, and what are they buying? Who are the organization's competitors? Check out your company's LinkedIn Company page, and follow its Twitter stream to see what they consider important to their followers.
Google the organization's name (using both the Search and News options) to see who's saying what about the company, from customers to stock market analysts. Jump over to Glassdoor to see what current and former employees have to say, also.
If your hiring manager has his or her own blog or Twitter account, follow that too!
You want to learn about the company's business, history and culture not so that you can win brownie points at the interview, but so that you can imagine the types of issues and situations that will face you if you take this job. The more you know, the more intelligent the questions you'll be able to ask at the interview.
Here are ten things to learn about your possible next employer before you show up to meet them:
When and why the organization was founded
Who's running the company now, and their history
What products or services the organization provides to whom (who are the customers?) and at what annual sales volume
What have they done that was worthy of a press release, in the past year?
Who is your prospective boss? What is his or her background? How long has s/he has been in this role?
What is the average cost of this organization's products or services? What sorts of organizations make up its customer list, or does the organization sell to consumers?
Is the company privately or publicly held?
What kinds of community/diversity/socially responsible/earth-aware initiatives does the company champion? You'll learn about them on the firm's own website.
What can you learn from the outside about the company culture? A website speaks volumes, and so do the employees' LinkedIn profiles.
What awards, commendations or industry rankings has the organization earned? You'll find press releases noting those accomplishments on the company's website.
Here's a list of interview questions our clients have used with great success - choose the ones you like best!
Interview Day
If you've never been to the interview location before, make a test drive (or bus or train ride) a day or two before. Don't take a chance on unfamiliar highways or bus drivers and potentially get there late.
Get a good night's sleep the night before, and schedule something fun and rewarding to do after the interview, like a tasty post-interview gelato. You're likely to be mentally and physically spent after the interview, so don't schedule anything demanding on the same day.
Your physical preparation for the interview is absolutely critical. Run, jump or dance in your pjs before you get dressed for the interview to get rid of jitters and take yourself out of your stress-prone, calculating mind.
Listen to your favorite soothing music in the car or on the bus to the interview. You've got fantastic questions, you've done your research, and you are a superstar these guys will be lucky to snag. Say these words to yourself in front of your mirror:
I will get this job if it's the right job for me.
I'm more than qualified for this job, and I don't need to beg.
My intention is to stay open and curious today. Whatever happens at the interview is a good thing. I'm not going on this interview to impress anyone, but rather to meet new people and start a conversation.
I'm going on this interview as myself and no one else. Only the people who get me, deserve me!
Get the list of interview questions here, and go out there and knock 'em dead!
INTERVIEWING WITH MOJO, a 12-week virtual coaching group
Here (to the left) is the Roadmap for our 12-week virtual coaching group Interviewing with MOJO. The group starts on January 25, 2014 and continues for 12 weeks. You'll receive a new lesson every Saturday and work on it at your own pace, asking questions of our coaches whenever you like.
Learn how to interview with MOJO and get a great job that deserves you!
LEARN MORE about Interviewing with MOJO!
Jeff Bass, a former producer and songwriting partner with Eminem, recently spoke about how their relationship has changed since their last collaboration on 2009's Relapse.
“I still love him and everything and I'm sure he still loves me,” said Bass, who with his brother Mark is collectively known as The Bass Brothers, the production and songwriting duo who worked extensively with Eminem on his first few releases, during an interview with grantland.com. “But we don't communicate like we used to. He told me he had to experiment with other writers, other producers. It was very fair. All artists probably do that. We could only have our vision of what he should be. Life happened. Life just moves on. It's not like he said, ‘Jump! You're fired.' It was just, ‘I'm gonna go in a different direction.' ‘Cool, I wish you the best of luck.' I can guarantee that we could sit down today and write a song, and we could still put something out that the fans would love. And maybe someday that'll happen.”
During the interview, Bass also spoke about what he saw in Eminem's music when they first met, prior to Em's fame.
“When Marshall came into the picture, I wasn't quite sure about his ability because I couldn't understand what he was saying,” Bass said. “He was triple-timing, spitting rhymes. I was just trying to comprehend him. Then I started writing tracks for him. And it became apparent that he was amazing.”
Bass also said he and his brother coached Eminem through compositions.
“In between Infinite [Eminem's independently released first album] and The Slim Shady EP, we figured out how to communicate with him,” Bass said. “Because he doesn't come from a musical background. We had to figure out a way emotionally to get through to him. So how I approached it is, any song that had a happy feel we'd call a happy tune. Angry, sad, violent — we'd use adjectives to get through to him. So that he could write the type of lyrics that'd go with the track.”
Jeff Bass Details Dr. Dre's Discovery Of Eminem
During the interview, Bass also speaks about Eminem's journey to being signed.
“He was doing the Rap Olympics, and he was winning all over the place,” Bass said. “And then he lost in L.A., but when we were there we had a bunch of The Slim Shady EPs. At that particular show, there was somebody in the audience watching. A young kid, 17 years old, and he saw all the passion that Marshall was putting into his show and his lyrics. And he came up to us after, ‘Can I get a CD?' Little did we know, he worked in the mail room at Interscope Records. And he loved Eminem. And what he did for us, on his own, is slip the CD in Jimmy Iovine's listening bag that he used to take home every Friday. And Jimmy actually listened to it, and said ‘Whoa, whoa, whoa. What is this?' And he called Dre, and then Dre came and listened to it. It's not like Dre found it on the floor in his garage. The true story was that he was called by Jimmy. And then it all snowballed from there.”
Bass also talked about Eminem's emotions during this period.
“He was really excited, first of all, that Dr. Dre was gonna be involved,” Bass said. “[Dre] was a big star in '98. He was freaked out. ‘Oh my god, I can't believe it!' Me and my brother were excited. ‘Dr. Dre wants to talk to us!' And Marshall went out to L.A. with my brother first. They got there a week before me. And it started immediately. Meeting Dre, talking with Jimmy, meeting all these people, this whole crazy period. I think it was February of ‘98.”
Jeff Bass Discusses Eminem's Marriage With Former Wife Kim
During the interview, Jeff Bass also spoke about Eminem's marriage with his former wife Kim and the long-standing friendship he built with the rapper.
“He's been with me since ‘95,” Bass said of Eminem. “When he was a young buck. I was with him when Hailie was just born. I knew Kim. She used to come into the studio with us all the time. We used to take Marshall out to the different clubs in Detroit. She would come with us, be her crazy self.”
Bass was also asked if the couple was dysfunctional.
“It was always obvious,” Bass said. “He basically lived with us in the studio on 8 Mile road. And you got to know the person. We had to deal with his mother. We had to deal with Kim. We had to deal with uncles and friends trying to be hangers-on. You really get to know a person. And it was amazing. As he would come up with the stories [on the songs], those of us who were close to him working on the project, we knew there was so much truth in what he was saying. That's pure emotion. That's realism. And he told it like he was speaking to every kid out there that was going through the same thing. He was their voice. It was quite incredible.”
In addition to his songwriting and production credits on various Eminem albums, Bass also appeared on various Eminem skits, including “Soap,” “Lounge,” and throughout “Bad Meets Evil,” off The Slim Shady LP.
RELATED: Eminem “The Marshall Mathers LP 2” Release Date, Cover Art, Tracklisting & Album Stream
By Margaret Robertson
Games consultant
Can games make the office a more stimulating place I'm insufferably lucky: for the last few years I've made my living playing. First as a games journalist and now as a consultant, my work is - partially at least - a game. Yesterday, alongside e-mails and reports and statistics, my work included playing five games - one old Dos (Disk operating system) game, one Wii, and three Flash games. For now, I'm in a minority, but within a few years, many - if not all of us - will be able to say the same. Soon we'll all be playing at work. The first signs of the shift may come when you apply for a job. Already, the rising reputation of gaming has changed how people handle it on their CVs. Once a taboo amongst all those impressively fraudulent hobbies listed at the bottom of the page ("Orienteering, wetlands conservation, daguerreotyping and blow-fish preparation" it says on mine) gaming now takes pride of place. It's becoming increasingly common for gamers to list things like running World Of Warcraft guilds in their applications, and increasingly common for employers to recognise the organisational, managerial and inter-personal skills such experience brings. Employers are already looking at Facebook profiles And, just as employers are now routinely checking applicants' FaceBook pages to gauge their characters, there's no reason for them not to check their online gaming identities. A seemingly innocent Xbox 360 GamerCard widget on a personal blog will give a future employer a great deal of information on how much time someone spends gaming, how skilled they are, how obsessive, how collaborative, how determined. High scores How long before you find yourself proudly appending your Brain Training data or your Hexic high scores to an online application form? And even once you're in the interview, the games won't necessarily stop. Psychometric tests - widely used, but also widely criticised for being too formulaic and too easy to cheat - seem a poor and clumsy tool compared to the kind of insight a well designed game can give you into someone's ability and character. Should your GamerCard be scrutinised to assess your skills? Any online gaming veteran knows how quickly games reveal whether someone's a risk-taker or a banker, impetuous or strategic, obedient or rebellious - and how hard it is to fake your responses in the heat of the moment. And, as the population becomes ever more game literate, there's less and less reason to rely on the old-fashioned, inert interfaces that so many psychometric tests require. So say your CV and your performance in Battlefield: Office Combat pass muster. In the future there's no reason that what's waiting for you at your desk on your first day won't be a game. More and more we're finding that game mechanics, and game presentation, can make otherwise difficult or tedious tasks more palatable. The pioneer in this field was The ESP Game, which uses an online game mechanic to coax human players into labelling pictures for image-based search engines. Great success Its great success has produced a stream of similar projects, not least the cluster of word and image based games now housed at Carnegie Mellon's Gawp. Projects like the Firefox plug-in PMOG show how the application of tried and tested gaming incentives - experience points, levels, medals - can change how people interact with software they use for work every day. Similar projects to make e-mail management more playful are also underway. FoldIt uses a graphical gloss and high-score hunger to lure ignorant oafs like me into spending an hour on some cutting-edge bio-chemical research we wouldn't otherwise be qualified for. So are we heading towards a utopia? And an end to boring spreadsheets, and a new dawn where the ugly repetitiveness of much of the work we do can be masked with adventure, achievement, and excitement? Not entirely. A hallmark of all of the projects listed above is that they use the entertainment inherent in play to convince people to work for free. For now, all of them are running for fun or for research or charity purposes, but that trend won't last. Google has already adapted The ESP Game to help up its commercial advantage, and has enlisted an army of unpaid players in the process. PMOG's user-created missions currently award medals for visiting much-loved sites a particular number of times a week, but there's no reason a commercial equivalent couldn't use a similar tactic to encourage traffic to advertiser's sites. And while the idea of call-centre work being enlivened by a gaming ethos is an appealing prospect, the notion of employers offering lower wages to those being enabled to play at working is all too easy to imagine. Will we be so comfortable with the idea once it's all play, no pay? We may be some years off play becoming that closely integrated into our working lives, but make no mistake that gaming has already had an enormous impact on many of our jobs. How enormous? The inspiration behind the ESP game came from creator Luis von Ahn's calculation that we spend nine billion hours a year playing Window's Solitaire - and most of it, I'd wager, while at work. Couple that with recent estimations that the entirety of Wikipedia took only 100 million hours to create, and that means we could be making around a 100 Wikipedias a year if only Solitaire was a shell for something worthwhile, rather than a deliciously infuriating waste of time. How long do you think employers will keep ignoring stats like that?
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Run-Of-River Hydro May Expand Tenfold Over Next Decade
April 21st, 2014 by Sandy Dechert
Hugh Keenleyside Dam, a run-of-river hydropower station operated by BC Hydro, and the Arrow Lakes Generating Station
“Run-of-river” hydro power, gentler and smaller-scale than massive hydroelectric projects that irretrievably flood huge areas of land, may become a $1.4 billion-dollar industry in the next 10 years, according to Tocardo International BV, a Dutch turbine maker.
To many, run-of-river technology represents the most environmentally friendly hydropower because it lacks the enormous investment and impacts of traditional impoundment projects. Tocardo general director Hans van Breugel explains its appeal to companies and investors:
The advantages of river-turbine projects are you don't need to build infrastructure, they're easy to install and maintain, and they can be easily connected to the local grid. Within a year you can start installing these projects, whereas hydropower projects can take 12 to 15 years.
The projects also involve nearly zero greenhouse gas emissions and no mercury or particulate pollution.
Run-of-river is actually a diversion strategy that redirects part of a downward-flowing waterway through a pipe down the head (elevation change) to spin turbines and generate electricity at a lower powerhouse. From the powerhouse, the water then rejoins its source. Upstream storage (pondage) is minimal and used only on a daily or weekly basis. It's an ideal generation scheme for remote, mountainous areas and has been used with much success in areas of the Pacific Northwest and Himalayan Asia.
The infographic above from greenenergyfutures.ca shows how the process works. Key to impact prevention is flow maintenance monitoring (i.e., ensuring that the waterway never drops below the level needed to protect ecological health of water and habitats, which are diverse because of the topography). Fish ladders can enable migration for species such as salmon and white sturgeon.
Tocardo says that its turbines are easily installed, reliable, and low-maintenance. River sites, inshore sites, and offshore sites can all use the same turbines, either on or off the grid. The facilities run from 500kWh to 1 MWh and the technology already is cost-competitive with fossil fuels, Van Breugel says.
The company first implemented its design to harness tidal streams at Den Oever, Holland. There it has been generating power for five years. Two years ago, Tocardo started working in Nepal, and it expects to expand soon to South America, particularly Chile, Brazil, and Argentina.
This article is about the Gnostic philosophical concept. For a description of the sewing term "fullness", see Pleat
Pleroma (Greek πλήρωμα) generally refers to the totality of divine powers. The word means fullness from πληρόω ("I fill") comparable to πλήρης which means "full",[1] and is used in Christian theological contexts: both in Gnosticism generally, and by St. Paul the Apostle in Colossians 2:9 (the word is used 17 times in the NT).[2]
Pleroma is also used in the general Greek language and is used by the Greek Orthodox Church in this general form since the word appears in the book of Colossians. Elaine Pagels of Princeton University views the reference in Colossians as something that was to be interpreted in the Gnostic sense.
Christianity [ edit ]
New Testament [ edit ]
The word itself is a relative term, capable of many shades of meaning, according to the subject with which it is joined and the antithesis to which it is contrasted. It denotes the result of the action of the verb pleroun; but pleroun is either
to fill up an empty thing ( e.g. Matthew 13:48), or
Matthew 13:48), or to complete an incomplete thing (e.g. Matthew 5:17);
and the verbal substantive in -ma may express either
the objective accusative after the verb, 'the thing filled or completed,' or the cognate accusative, 'the state of fulness or completion, the fulfilment, the full amount,' resulting from the action of the verb (Romans 11:12, 13:10, 15:29, 1 Corinthians 10:26).
It may emphasize totality in contrast to its constituent parts; or fulness in contrast to emptiness (kenoma); or completeness in contrast to incompleteness or deficiency (hysterema Colossians 1:24, 2 Corinthians 11:9, hettema Romans 11:12).
A further ambiguity arises when it is joined with a genitive, which may be either subjective or objective, the fulness which one thing gives to another, or that which it receives from another.
In its semi-technical application it is applied primarily to the perfection of God, the fulness of His Being, 'the aggregate of the Divine attributes, virtues, energies': this is used quite absolutely in Colossians 1:19 (oti en auto eudokesen pan to pleroma katoikesai), but further defined
as pan to pleroma tes theotetos, 'the whole completeness of the Divine nature,' in Colossians 2:9, as pan to pleroma tou theou, 'the whole (moral) perfection which is characteristic of God,' in Ephesians 3:19.
Secondarily, this same pleroma is transferred to Christ; it was embodied permanently in Him at the Incarnation (Colossians 1:19); it still dwells permanently in His glorified Body, en auto katoikei somatikos (Colossians 2:9); it is tou pleromatos tou christou (Ephesians 4:13), the complete, moral, and intellectual perfection to which Christians aspire and with which they are filled (Ephesians 4:13, Colossians 2:10 este en auto pepleromenoi. Cf. John 1:16 oti ek tou pleromatos autou emeis pantes elabomen, where pleroma is the state of Him who is pleres charitos kai aletheias, John 1:14, cf. Luke 2:40 pleroumenon sophia). This indwelling emphasizes the completeness with which the Son represents the Father; it is the fulness of life which makes Him the representative, without other intermediary agencies, and ruler of the whole universe; and it is the fulness of moral and intellectual perfection which is communicable through Him to man; it is consistent with a gradual growth of human faculties (Luke 2:40), therefore with the phrase eauton ekenosen of Philippians 2:7, which is perhaps intended as a deliberate contrast to it. One further application of the phrase is made in (Ephesians 1:23, where it is used of the Church, to pleroma tou ta panta en pasin pleroumenou. Here the genitive is perhaps subjective—the fulness of Christ, His full embodiment, that fulness which He supplies to the Church—emphasizing the thoroughness with which the Church is the receptacle of His powers and represents Him on earth. The analogy of the other uses of the word with the genitive of the person (Ephesians 3:19, 4:13), and the stress throughout these books on Christians being filled by Christ (Ephesians 3:19, 4:13, 5:18, Colossians 1:9, 2:10, 4:12, John 1:16, 3:34), favours this view. But the genitive may be objective, 'the complement of Christ,' that which completes Him, which fills up by its activities the work which His withdrawal to heaven would have left undone, as the body completes the head. The analogy of the body, the stress laid on the action of the Church (Ephesians 3:10-21), St. Paul's language about himself in Colossians 1:24 (antanaplero ta hysteremata ton thlipseon tou christou), support this, and it is impossible to decide between the two. The former view has been most common since the thorough examination of the word by Fritzsche and Lightfoot (Col.), and was taken by von Soden (Hand-Comm.). But the latter view, which was that of Origen and Chrysostom, has been strongly advocated by Pfleiderer, and T. K. Abbott (International Critical Comm.).
Outside the NT the word occurs in Ignatius in a sense which is clearly influenced by the NT, and apparently in the meaning of the Divine fulness, as going forth and blessing and residing in the Church (Eph. Inscr. te eulogemen en megethei theou patros pleromati, and Trall. Inscr. en kai aspazomai en to pleromati, almost = en Christo).
Gnosticism [ edit ]
In Gnosticism the use becomes yet more stereotyped and technical, though its applications are still very variable. The Gnostic writers appeal to the use in the NT (e.g. Iren I. iii. 4), and the word retains from it the sense of totality in contrast to the constituent parts; but the chief associations of pleroma in their systems are with Greek philosophy, and the main thought is that of a state of completeness in contrast to deficiency (hysterema, Iren. I. xvi. 3; Hippol. vi. 31), or of the fulness of real existence in contrast to the empty void and unreality of mere phenomena (kenoma, Iren. I. iv. 1). Thus in Cerinthus it expressed the fulness of the Divine Life out of which the Divine Christ descended upon the man Jesus at his baptism, and into which He returned (Iren. I. xxvi. 1, III. xi. 1, xvi. 1). In the Valentinian system it stands in antithesis to the essential incomprehensible Godhead, as 'the circle of the Divine attributes,' the various means by which God reveals Himself: it is the totality of the thirty aeons or emanations which proceed from God, but are separated alike from Him and from the material universe. It is at times almost localized, so that a thing is spoken of as 'within,' 'without,' 'above,' 'below' the Pleroma: more often it is the spirit-world, the archetypal ideal existing in the invisible heavens in contrast to the imperfect phenomenal manifestations of that ideal in the universe. Thus 'the whole Pleroma of the aeons' contributes each its own excellence to the historic Jesus, and He appears on earth 'as the perfect beauty and star of the Pleroma' (teleiotaton kallos kai astron tou pleromatos, Iren. I. xi. 6). Similarly it was used by writers as equivalent to the full completeness of perfect knowledge (Pistis Sophia, p. 15).
[Some] confess that the Father of all contains all things, and that there is nothing whatever outside of the Pleroma (for it is an absolute necessity that, [if there be anything outside of it,] it should be bounded and circumscribed by something greater than itself), and that they speak of what is without and what within in reference to knowledge and ignorance, and not with respect to local distance; but that, in the Pleroma, or in those things which are contained by the Father, the whole creation which we know to have been formed, having been made by the Demiurge, or by the angels, is contained by the unspeakable greatness, as the centre is in a circle, or as a spot is in a garment . . . . Iren. II. iv. 2
Again, each separate aeon is called a pleroma in contrast to its earthly imperfect counterpart, so that in this sense the plural can be used, pleromata (Iren. I. xiv. 2); and even each individual has his or her Pleroma or spiritual counterpart (to pleroma autes of the Samaritan woman,—Heracleon, ap. Origen, xiii. p. 205).
It thus expressed the various thoughts which we should express by the Godhead, the ideal, heaven; and it is probably owing to this ambiguity, as well as to its heretical associations, that the word dropped out of Christian theology. It is still used in its ordinary untechnical meaning, e.g. Theophylact speaks of the Trinity as pleroma tou theou; but no use so technical as that in Ignatius reappears.
Diagram of the Pleroma [ edit ]
First the • (Point), the Monad, Bythus (the Deep), the unknown and unknowable Father. Then the Δ (Triangle), Bythus and the first emanated pair or Duad, Nous (Mind) and its syzygy Aletheia (Truth). Then the □ (Square), the dual Duad, Tetractys or Quaternary, two males ||, the Logos (Word) and Anthrôpos (Man), two females, their syzygies, = Zoê (Life) and Ekklesia (the Church or Assembly), Seven in all. The Triangle the Potentiality of Spirit, the Square the Potentiality of Matter; the Vertical Straight Line the Potency of Spirit, and the Horizontal the Potency of Matter. Next comes the Pentagram ⋆, the Pentad, the mysterious symbol of the Manasáputras or Sons of Wisdom, which together with their syzygies make 10, or the Decad; and last of all, the Hexalpha or interlaced Triangles ✡ the Hexad, which with their syzygies make 12, or the Dodecad. Such are the Contents of the Pleroma or Completion, the Ideas in the Divine Mind, 28 in all, for Bythus or the Father is not reckoned, as it is the Root of all. The two small circles within the Pleroma are the syzygy Christos-Pneuma (Christ and the Holy Spirit); these are after-emanations, and, as such, from one aspect, typify the descent of Spirit to inform and evolve Matter, which essentially proceeds from the same source; and from another, the descent or incarnation of the Kumâras or the Higher Egos of Humanity.
The Circle of the Pleroma is bounded by a circumference emanated from Bythus (the Point), this is called the Horus (Boundary), Staurus (Stock, Stake, or Cross) and Metæcheus (Participator); it shuts off the Pleroma (or Completion) from the Hystêrema (the Inferiority or Incompletion), the larger from the smaller Circle, the Unmanifested from the Manifested. Within the Circle of the Hysterêma is the Square of primordial Matter, or Chaos, emanated by Sophia, called the Ektrôma (or Abortion). Above this is a Triangle, primordial Spirit, called the Common Fruit of the Pleroma, or Jesus, for to all below the Pleroma it appears as a unity. Notice how the Triangle and Square of the Hysterêma are a reflection of the Triangle and Square of the Pleroma. Finally, the plane of the paper, enclosing and penetrating all, is Sigê (Silence). G.R.S. Mead & H.P. Blavatsky (after Valentinus)
Neoplatonism [ edit ]
In a neoplatonic manifestation of the concept, John M. Dillon in his "Pleroma and Noetic Cosmos: A Comparative Study" states that Gnosticism imported its concept of the ideal realm or pleroma from Plato's concept of the cosmos and Demiurge in Timaeus and of Philo's Noetic cosmos in contrast to the aesthetic cosmos. Dillon does this by contrasting the Noetic cosmos to passages from the Nag Hammadi, where the aeons are expressed as the thoughts of God. Dillon expresses the concept that pleroma is a Gnostic adaptation of Hellenic ideas, since before Philo there is no Jewish tradition that accepts that the material world or cosmos was based on an ideal world that exists as well.
Carl Jung [ edit ]
Carl Jung used the word in his mystical 1916 unpublished work, Seven Sermons to the Dead, which was finally published in Answer to Job (1952), and later in an appendix to the second edition of Jung's autobiography, Memories, Dreams, Reflections (1962). According to Jung, pleroma is both "nothing and everything. It is quite fruitless to think about pleroma. Therein both thinking and being ceased, since the eternal and infinite possess no qualities."
Gregory Bateson [ edit ]
In his work on the Ecology of Mind, Gregory Bateson adopts and extends Jung's distinction between Pleroma (the non-living world that is undifferentiated by subjectivity) and Creatura (the living world, subject to perceptual difference, distinction, and information). What Bateson calls the "myth of power" is the epistemologically false application to Creatura of an element of Pleroma (non-living, undifferentiated).
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Carnosine (beta-alanyl-L-histidine) is found exclusively in animal tissues. Carnosine has the potential to suppress many of the biochemical changes (e.g., protein oxidation, glycation, AGE formation, and cross-linking) that accompany aging and associated pathologies. Glycation, generation of advanced glycosylation end-products (AGEs), and formation of protein carbonyl groups play important roles in aging, diabetes, its secondary complications, and neurodegenerative conditions. Due to carnosine's antiglycating activity, reactivity toward deleterious carbonyls, zinc- and copper-chelating activity and low toxicity, carnosine and related structures could be effective against age-related protein carbonyl stress. It is suggested that carnivorous diets could be beneficial because of their carnosine content, as the dipeptide has been shown to suppress some diabetic complications in mice. It is also suggested that carnosine's therapeutic potential should be explored with respect to neurodegeneration. Olfactory tissue is normally enriched in carnosine, but olfactory dysfunction is frequently associated with neurodegeneration. Olfactory administration of carnosine could provide a direct route to compromised tissue, avoiding serum carnosinases.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday confirmed President Donald Trump's choice to lead the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), a post that opened after John Kelly became Trump's chief of staff earlier this year.
FILE PHOTO: Kirstjen Nielsen is sworn in before testifying to the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on her nomination to be secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in Washington, U.S. on November 8, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
Senators voted 62-37 to confirm Kirstjen Nielsen, formerly Kelly's deputy in the White House and his chief of staff when he led DHS. She is considered a cybersecurity expert and previously served in the administration of Republican President George W. Bush.
Nielsen, 45, will take the reins of a department with more than 240,000 employees responsible for immigration enforcement, U.S. border and airport security, disaster response, and protecting U.S. infrastructure from cyberattacks.
The agency is at the center of Trump's efforts to enact broad changes to the U.S. immigration system.
Elaine Duke, a civil servant and the DHS deputy secretary, had been serving as acting secretary since Kelly's departure for the White House in July.
In the last five months she ha been responsible for several controversial DHS decisions, including the end of temporary protected status for thousands of immigrants living in the United States. And the Federal Emergency Management Agency, a DHS entity, came under criticism for its response to the humanitarian disaster wrought by Hurricane Maria when it struck Puerto Rico in September.
In a statement, Duke said she looked forward to working as Nielsen's deputy, and said Nielsen has “a deep understanding of the issues facing the Department.”
Eleven Democrats voted with nearly all Republicans to confirm Nielsen. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander did not vote, and no Republicans voted against her confirmation.
House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte, a Republican, said in a statement that Nielsen would bring “the expertise and leadership needed to successfully run the Department.”
Democratic Representative Bennie Thompson said in a statement that Nielsen had not yet shown “she has the ability to lead a workforce of 240,000 while keeping the country safe and secure,” and said DHS had so far been used as a “political tool of the White House.”
DALLAS, TX - MAY 12: David Branch poses on the scale during the UFC 211 weigh-in at the American Airlines Center on May 12, 2017 in Dallas, Texas. (Photo by Josh Hedges/Zuffa LLC/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images)
David Branch responds to Luke Rockhold's white belt comments from on UFC Tonight.
Former UFC middleweight champion Luke Rockhold returns to the cage after a roughly 15-month layoff and is greeted by former World Series of Fighting middleweight and light heavyweight champion David Branch. Both fighters are hoping to stake their claim to the next middleweight title shot in an increasingly murky and unclear division.
During an interview on UFC Tonight with Daniel Cormier and Kenny Florian, Rockhold was confident about his skills compared to his opponent's, to say the least.
“He thinks he can box, but he can't box with me,” Rockhold told the UFC Tonight crew. “He thinks he can grapple, but I'll make him look like a white belt. He thinks he can wrestle. He has no idea what wrestling is.”
Rockhold is a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, so the confidence isn't unfounded. On the other side, Branch is also a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and comes from the Gracie lineage under Renzo Gracie, so it's not exactly like the two aren't on even ground.
“He can say whatever he wants to say, he's got to believe what he wants to believe,” Branch said. “He can believe in Santa Claus, I don't. He can believe in the Easter Bunny, I don't. It doesn't matter.
“It doesn't matter if he says I'm a pink belt or my black belt is fake. It doesn't matter, it doesn't encourage me to do anything besides what I'm programmed to do and that's seek and destroy and destruct. That's all that's on my mind, destruction and destroy.”
Cormier, Rockhold's teammate at the American Kickboxing Academy, suggested Rockhold has to fight at range to avoid getting close to Branch, arguably his mistake against Michael Bisping at UFC 199.
“He's going to try to do what he is going to try to do, and I'm going to do what I'm going to do,” Branch said. “I think that would be a smart thing, to keep away from me, but that's going to be impossible to do.”
Regardless of Rockhold's comments or criticisms of Branch, which includes challenging the legitimacy of Branch's reign as a two-weight world champion in World Series of Fighting, it doesn't phase Branch who not only has an immense amount of experience in MMA but battling real life issues.
“My mind is a steel castle, no body can get inside of my mind. I think what the misconception is of people inside of this business and people who are seeing me now in the UFC, is they're still judging me by what I was when I first came in. I am a completely different person and I don't think people really understand that.”
Branch added: “I think I have one of the strongest minds in the business.”
Benedict Brogan's interview with Rowan Williams, outgoing Archbishop of Canterbury, in the Telegraph last Saturday threw up some interesting observations. Brogan writes, “His time has been marked by an often vitriolic debate about the march of militant secularism. He laughs at the recollection of his exchanges with the atheist academic Richard Dawkins, whom he describes as the “latest pub bore” in the tradition of “great public atheists.”
The outgoing Chief Rabbi, Jonathan Sacks, whose latest book, The Great Partnership: God, Science and the Search for Meaning, I have already referred to in a recent blog, is rather less dismissive of Dawkins in his book. Indeed, I don't remember reading about Williams' public exchanges on atheism during his time in office: his Socialist-inclined political views – yes; his ideas about Sharia law – yes; controversy over same-sex oriented clergy – yes; his rather muted attitude about defending marriage (unlike his predecessor, Lord Carey) – yes; and lots of general remarks when it was quite hard to know what he was talking about (well, he is an intellectual).
It seems that Williams, seizing the opportunity now that freedom beckons, has published a collection of past lectures, entitled Faith in the Public Square. According to a report in CFNews, he is critical of Lord Carey and of the former Bishop of Rochester, the Rt Rev. Michael Nazir-Ali, for stating that Christians in Britain are facing persecution. Williams' view is that “Argument is essential to a functioning democratic state, and religion should be involved in this, not constantly demanding the right not to be offended”.
Surely this is unfair to his colleagues in the Anglican hierarchy? Carey and Nazir-Ali have never indicated they are hostile to argument – when it means a fair and open debate; what they and others have been pointing out for some time (though Williams seems to have missed it) is that in a number of cases that have been well-publicised, Christians' beliefs have been marginalised and dismissed by a highly secularist interpretation of the law. Given the life-threatening persecution of Christians in some Muslim countries, “persecution” in this context is perhaps too strong a word; but words like “harassment”, “denigration” and “heavy-handed” do come to mind. What Christians want in this country is the right to practise their faith and to follow their conscience; it has nothing to do with a so-called “right not to be offended.”
In his new book, Rowan Williams apparently distinguishes between “programmatic” secularism which becomes problematic when it excludes religious practise and symbols from public life in order to emphasise loyalty to the state; and “procedural” secularism under which the state allows people to publicly practise their faith but does not give preferential treatment to any single religious group. Michael Nazir-Ali rejects this distinction, stating that any form of secularism represents an assault on the Church and on Christian values.
I agree with him. Williams' is a typically intellectual approach, examining the question in an abstract way without reference to how people actually live their lives. If people were happy to live and let live in the tolerant way he would like, the history of the world would be different. But certain laws enacted by our secularist government directly impinge on people's Christian beliefs – for instance, laws on adoption and the (anticipated) change to the definition of marriage itself. Furthermore, Williams is (still) the Christian primate of the Established Christian Church in this country; the Queen is still “Defender of the Faith”. What does not giving “preferential treatment to any single religious group” mean in this context?
Brogan comments, “Where others would want to hear clarion clarity about a crisis [on marriage] that goes to the very heart of the Church, [Williams] shies away and hedges. To his critics, this is the reason why the Church appears weak, because he does not communicate certainty…”
To return to Lord Sacks: his book, according to Andrew Marr – not an oracle, admittedly, but still a good barometer of liberal taste – is “the most persuasive argument for religious belief I have ever read.” Sacks argues, not that Dawkins is the “latest pub bore” but that questions of religion and science concern different hemispheres of the brain: science (the left hemisphere) “takes things apart to see how they work”; religion (the right hemisphere) “puts things together to see what they mean”; both activities are vital.
Come to think of it, it is a great pity that the Chief Rabbi can't, for obvious reasons, apply for the job of being the next Archbishop of Canterbury: he is an intellectual – but with a gift for clear exposition; he believes in God, marriage, the family; he is conciliatory rather than divisive; and from his own religious and historical perspective he sees the marginalisation of faith for what it is.
In Case You Forgot (You Did)
Gentlmen! For those of you who are dangerously out of touch with the calendar as it reads, it may come as a surprise that this past Monday was the day we market-savvy Americans prefer to express our love for our lovers with extravagant displays of commerce. That's right, Monday was Valentine's Day—and you forgot to get her a gift! Fear not; the Japanese have devised for you a safety net.
In Japan, it's customary only for women to give gifts—usually chocolates—on February14th. The men don't have to respond until March 14, so-called “White Day,” rolls around (let's not get into the fact that white is the color associated with death in the East). I pulled this trick once, I admit, and it worked out perfectly.
Unfortunately, it's also not unheard of that the reciprocal gift be considerably more expensive than the original Valentine's offering. Pro tip: when explaining the Eastern Valentine's traditions as a way of weaseling out of your forgetfulness, be sure to forget that part you just read.
As a final word of warning for the love-struck singles out there with a penchant for East Asian beauties, should such a co-worker or formal acquaintance give you chocolates this V-day, try not to read too much into it. The wily and convoluted communal sensibilities of the East (at least as we perceive them in the West) don't just dole out Valentines to the ones they love (honmei-choko), but also often out of obligation (giri-choko). Remember the awkwardness that ensued after Lisa took pity of Ralphy Wiggum and gave him a V-day card? Now multiply that by Confucianism and the nightmare begins to clarify.
So happy Valentine's boys! We've bought you a month; make it count.
~
Daniel Imperiale only endorses lying to our loved ones when no one really gets hurt. He also endorses following them (him!) on Twitter: @ DPIWins .
Several years ago, Make: contributor Matt Griffin and I were hanging out and he started enthusiastically telling me about a technique for friction welding plastic that he'd just discovered. He had learned about it in a video from the awesome Fran Blanche (she of Frantone guitar pedals fame). I still haven't tried the technique myself with my Dremel tool, but it couldn't be easier. You simple chuck some plastic rod into a rotary tool and the friction from the spinning plastic eventually melts it in contact with other plastic parts to form a decent welded bond. Fran's original video shows you how it works.
And to see it in a real-world situation, here's a guy repairing a 3D printed Makey the Robot using the technique.
Matt eventually wrote about friction welding in a great piece he did for Make: magazine on various 3D finishing and post-processing techniques. You can read that article here.
[Thanks to Dave Hrynkiw of Solarbotics for reminding me of this ingenious idea.]
In the next five weeks, you'll read countless Super Bowl predictions. They'll be based entirely on what people expect to happen in the upcoming NFL season. But since no one can see the future, why not look to the past for our prediction? For The Win examined the DNA of past Super Bowl winners and came up with eight specific rules that winnowed the field of 32 down to the single team that will hoist the Lombardi Trophy on the first Sunday in February.
1. Have to finish previous season with a .500 record or better.
Each of the past 12 Super Bowl winners finished the previous season with a record of .500 or better. The last team to win the Super Bowl after a losing season was the 2001 New England Patriots, who went 5-11 in 2000, Bill Belichick's first season as head coach. This gets rid of 13 teams that failed to finish .500 or better in 2013.
Eliminates: Atlanta (1), Buffalo (2), Cleveland (3), Detroit (4), Houston (5), Jacksonville (6), Minnesota (7), New York Giants (8), Oakland (9), St. Louis (10), Tampa Bay (11), Tennessee (12), Washington (13)
2. Should make the playoffs the previous season.
In eight of the past 10 years, the eventual Super Bowl winner was coming off a playoff appearance the year before. The two exceptions: The 2010 New York Giants went 10-6 but missed the playoffs prior to their surprise 2011 title. And the New Orleans Saints were a disappointing 8-8 in the campaign prior to their 2009 Super Bowl win. It's not a “must,” but it's a “should.”
Eliminates: Arizona (14), Baltimore (15), Chicago (16), Dallas (17), Miami (18), New York Jets (19), Pittsburgh (20)
3. Can't have won two or more games in last year's playoffs.
While making the playoffs has been a jumping-off point for a majority of recent Super Bowl winners, deep runs in those postseason appearances haven't been. Interestingly, the past nine Super Bowl winners cumulatively went 3-7 in the playoffs one year before their Super Bowl runs. And of the three teams to win a pre-Super Bowl-year playoff game, none won multiple games in that postseason. This stat eliminates both participants in Super Bowl XLVIII, and the San Francisco 49ers, a team that won two road games before falling to Seattle in the NFC championship.
Eliminates: Denver (21), San Francisco (22), Seattle (23)
4. The coach will be a first-time winner.
Every Super Bowl winning coach of the past nine years was a first-time winner, with the exception of Tom Coughlin, who won his first during that stretch, but then won another too. This is a relatively new trend. In the 22 seasons from 1973-1994, the Super Bowl was won by a repeat coach 13 times. In the 19 seasons since, it's only happened four times.
Eliminates: New England (24), New Orleans (25), Green Bay (26)
5. No AFC West teams will win.
The only division that hasn't had a Super Bowl winner this century is the AFC West. The last winner from that division was John Elway's Denver Broncos teams in 1997 and 1998.
Eliminates: Kansas City (27), San Diego (28)
6. No franchise on a two-decade playoff drought has won a Super Bowl.
The longest pre-Super Bowl playoff drought in the past three decades belongs to the 1999 St. Louis Rams, who hadn't won a playoff game in 10 years before embarking on its run to the Lombardi Trophy. Three straight postseason berths for the Bengals is nice, but the lack of playoff W since 1990 takes the Bengals out of the running.
Eliminates: Cincinnati (29)
7. No coach has ever left a college job and won the Super Bowl two years later.
Two years ago, Chip Kelly was big man on Oregon's campus. He quickly made his name in the NFL, but history says he'll have to pay some more dues before contending for the Super Bowl. The fastest college-to-NFL leap by a Super Bowl winning coach was made by Bill Walsh, who won a Super Bowl with the San Francisco 49ers three years after leaving Stanford.
Eliminates: Philadelphia (30)
8. No quarterback has led teams to a national championship and Super Bowl in over 30 years.
The last QB to win a title in college and the pros was Joe Montana, who led Notre Dame to the 1977 national championship before winning multiple Super Bowls with the San Francisco 49ers. (Tom Brady won a ring at Michigan, but he was backing up Brian Griese at the time.) As if that wasn't bad enough news for Auburn's Cam Newton, the only other quarterback to pull the feat was Joe Namath, who won his college title at Alabama.
Eliminates: Carolina (31), which means that, by the process of elimination …
9. The Indianapolis Colts will be your Super Bowl XLVIII champion.
There you have it. Andrew Luck will lead the Colts to a Super Bowl title, thus becoming the first quarterback to go No. 1 and win a Super Bowl in under three years. Shoot. Maybe this prediction isn't so easy after all.
People accused of serious crimes, including murder, should no longer be set free automatically when a judge finds their right to a timely trial has been violated, a Senate committee has recommended in a wide-ranging plan to fight delay in the criminal-justice system.
After a year and a half of cross-country hearings, the senators issued a report that also calls for measures that range from ending preliminary inquiries to taking most drunk-driving cases out of criminal courts and setting court dates via video and other technology rather than bringing all the parties together.
Members of the Senate's legal and constitutional affairs committee said the release of those accused of murder or child abuse threatens public confidence in the justice system. Since the Supreme Court of Canada established strict new timelines for criminal trials last summer in a case called R v Jordan, judges have dismissed murder charges in five cases in Alberta, Ontario and Quebec, plus an unknown number of child-abuse, drunk-driving and other charges.
Story continues below advertisement
Read more: Courts shaken by search for solutions to delays
Related: Trial limits leave dead man's parents on long road to justice
"The court should have taken some time before it stepped off a cliff," committee chair Bob Runciman told a news conference on Wednesday, referring to the Jordan ruling.
The proposals turn up the heat on federal Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould, who the committee members accused of having a complacent attitude toward delay. Many of the 50 recommendations are aimed at her and her government.
One would require that judges who leave the federally appointed bench be replaced the day they retire. These courts currently have 48 vacancies."The federal minister must demonstrate that Canada is serious about justice reform," the report said.
Conservative Senator Pierre-Hugues Boisvenu said Ms. Wilson-Raybould is saying she is still pondering what to do about fixing the problem of court delays.
"Our justice system has become an injustice system for too many, especially for victims," he said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The committee set out 13 priorities that include: Use British Columbia's model of not criminalizing minor drunk-driving offences, but impose fines and other penalties, which has proved a deterrent; improve judges' training in case management so they can impose deadlines and challenge unnecessary adjournments; make a more concerted effort to keep Indigenous offenders and the mentally ill out of the justice system; develop alternative ways to deal with administration of justice offences, such as violation of bail conditions, which make up 23 per cent of charges in criminal courts; let court officers who are not judges deal with pretrial procedural motions; and expand legal aid services, because unrepresented defendants clog up the system.
Ms. Wilson-Raybould told reporters on Wednesday she was open to considering alternatives to a stay for violations of the right to a timely trial. She did not comment specifically on other recommendations, but said she and her provincial counterparts are "heeding the call of the Supreme Court of Canada to ensure that we have a culture shift. There's no easy fixes, there's no one-size solution that fits everything."
Several provinces have urged Ottawa to end or limit preliminary inquiries, the hearings that determine if there is enough evidence to go on to a trial. Criminal lawyers have widely panned that idea. The Senate report was largely applauded, however, both by defence lawyers and prosecutors.
"This is really a reinvention of criminal justice," William Trudell, chair of the Canadian Council of Criminal Defence Lawyers, said in an interview. He said the Senate plan should be discussed in public forums across Canada, not just among the legal community and politicians.
Rick Woodburn, president of the Canadian Association of Crown Counsel, said he liked the comprehensiveness and the recommendation to seek alternatives to stays. But he expressed concern that people might be allowed to violate their bail conditions without serious consequences.
"We're not arresting people stumbling around downtown" who violated a requirement not to drink, he said in an interview. "People are being arrested because while they're drinking they're beating their spouse or sexually assaulting children."
Story continues below advertisement
The Senate committee met with police officers, Crown attorneys, victims' advocates, defence lawyers, 37 sitting judges and the Justice Minister, beginning its research six months before the Jordan ruling. It says the Supreme Court established in a 1987 case that the stay (dismissal of charges) was the only possible response for the violation of the right to a timely trial. But in an interview, Mr. Runciman said the committee spoke to law professors who called that ruling a terrible mistake. Alternatives could include a reduction in sentence (not possible for first-degree murder, which carries a mandatory penalty of life, with first full parole eligibility at 25 years); legal costs paid to the accused; or a financial award to the accused for damages, the committee said.
And the committee wants the government to draft legislation and refer it to the Supreme Court for an advisory opinion on whether it passes constitutional muster.
But Vancouver lawyer Eric Gottardi, who represented Barrett Jordan in the Jordan case, said that allowing alternatives to the dismissal of a charge would undermine efforts to end complacency toward delay.
The Senate plan "would take away the big hammer hanging over everyone's head," he said in an interview. "Who's going to care? What kind of motivation is there going to be for the players in the system to make real change?"
Lisa Silver, who teaches criminal law at the University of Calgary law school, said alternatives might be legally possible. She noted that in a 1992 case, R v Morin, on delay, the federal attorney-general called for just that, but the court sidestepped it. In Jordan, the court offered a footnote that indicated it may still be open to the possibility: "We were not invited to revisit the question of remedy. Accordingly, we refrain from doing so."
Stephen Coughlan, a criminal-law specialist at Dalhousie University's Schulich law school, said in an e-mail that, whether it is legally possible or not, it is the wrong thing to do: "Getting rid of a stay as the remedy would be like reading so much about the dangers of smoking that you give up reading. If we don't like the remedy for a violation of a Charter right, the proper response is to stop violating that Charter right."
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer tried to blame President Obama for Trump hiring Mike Flynn because Trump never did another background check of Flynn but used the same one that Obama administration did years before.
Video:
In Spicer's twisted view, the incoming Trump White House didn't have to do a new background check on Mike Flynn because the Obama administration had already done one. Spicer left out two facts that should have made a security review of Flynn mandatory. The Obama administration fired Flynn, and there had been stories for months during the campaign about Flynn's close ties to Russia.
What Sean Spicer did indirectly admit is that the White House was incredibly lazy and the work on the transition was unprofessional and shoddy.
Republicans are acting like blaming Obama is still their get out of jail free card. The problem is that Barack Obama is no longer the president. Trump owns the decision to hire Mike Flynn, just as he owns the Russia scandal that is slowly consuming his administration. Blaming Obama isn't going to save Trump on Russia. Mike Flynn was a key player and a frequent face in the Trump campaign, so is laughable that they would try to blame the former president for their own scandal.
The blame Obama excuse expired on January 20, 2017. Trump is the sole owner and proprietor of the Russia scandal that could bring him down.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
A recent collapse of sections of the Cabot Trail in Nova Scotia is among infrastructure issue facing Parks Canada. AP Photo/Glenn Adams
Years of chronic “under-investment” have resulted in an “exponential increase in the backlog of maintenance and recapitalization requirements” for Parks Canada's assets across the country, according to department documents.
The agency has been struggling for years with the question of how to keep up some 12,000 “built asset infrastructure” — historic buildings, visitor centres, bridges and roads in national parks. The current replacement value for Parks Canada infrastructure is estimated at more than $15 billion, up from estimates between $7 billion and $11 billion in 2009.
“Our priority is to address the deteriorating condition of our cultural resources and visitor experience assets, which if not rectified soon, will pose a real and significant risk to the achievement of our mandate — which is preserve and protect these special places for present and future generations,” reads a request for proposals released Monday.
“It has become imperative that Parks Canada begin to implement key strategies in the near future to support the achievement of a sustainable asset management portfolio and program.”
It's not just decaying historic buildings at stake. The document lists highways, waterways and bridges under the agency's jurisdiction as “high risk” assets. The cost to replace those assets is $8.06 billion alone.
According to the department's 2013-2014 plans and priorities report, approximately one third of cultural assets are in poor condition, while more than half of the agency's dams, highways and bridges are in the same state. And the rate of deterioration is increasing.
“The number and magnitude of critical interventions undertaken to address highway and dam high-risk situations are increasing. Actual asset failures are becoming more frequent, as illustrated by the recent collapse of sections of the Cabot Trail (in Nova Scotia),” the document reads.
The agency is looking for an outside contractor to evaluate its 2012 National Asset Review, which attempted to catalogue the agency's infrastructure. That document is not yet public.
The contractor would be responsible for a number of site visits to independently verify the agency's classifications, including the Rideau Canal in Ottawa, the historic fortifications in Québec City, and the Halifax Citadel.
NDP environment critic Megan Leslie said she was not surprised to hear about the funding difficulties, but she had not previously considered the impact on infrastructure under the agency's jurisdiction.
“This document puts it in plain black and white that there are very serious repercussions on the infrastructure, to the point where I think people's safety is at risk,” said Leslie on Monday.
“The Conservatives actually announced that there's going to be a new park in Canada's north, we just created the Sable Island National Park. These are really good moves, but how meaningful will these moves actually be when there isn't the money to actually back up what Parks Canada needs to do to fulfill their mandate in these spaces?”
In an emailed response, Parks Canada downplayed safety concerns, pointing to targeted investments in infrastructure spending over the last 14 years.
“Since 1999, the agency has invested an average of $100 million per year on the recapitalization of its infrastructure,” the statement read. “This level of investment does not include the addition of incremental capital resources received in recent years, the most recent of which is $19 million announced in Budget 2013 to address critical improvements to highways and bridges.”
“In addition, Parks Canada continues to make targeted investments in infrastructure to ensure Canada's system of treasured protected areas remain safe and reliable for visitors.”
Parks Canada's 2011-2012 budget came in at $777.4 million, down from $937.5 million in 2010-2011. According to public accounts, the agency spent $158.7 million on heritage conservation in 2011-2012, and $104.3 million on throughway and town site infrastructure.
The agency's asset portfolio includes 44 national parks, four national marine conservation areas, 167 national historic sites and nine historic canals, in addition to highways, bridges, dams, campgrounds and visitor centres.
40k Battle Report: Slaughter at the Omicron Barricades
We got in our first proper game of Warhammer 40,000 last weekend, and it was a doozy — both in terms of the game itself, and the ramifications for the Caluphel storyline.
The Story So Far…
The game took place immediately after the events in the Archeotech Catacombs. The Tau had withdrawn from the tunnels, having paid a horrific price for whatever ancient secrets they retrieved, and had linked up with the Imperial defenders who were at that very moment fortifying Outpost Omicron against further attack.
Thus a cautious alliance was struck between the Tau and the Imperials (a platoon of Guardsmen along with a few squads of Salamanders Space Marines). And not a moment too soon, as both factions knew that doom was about to come boiling up out of the silent tunnels.
The Tyranids, long dormant in the archeotech catacombs, had been unleashed on Outpost Omicron. A desperate last stand by the defenders might slow them down and allow scouts to alert the rest of the disparate Imperial factions on the planet's surface…
Game Setup
In game terms, we were playing a meatgrinder scenario with roughly 50 Power Level per side. That didn't leave the Imperial Guard with enough points to take a lot of tanks, but that's OK as this was primarily a learning game so we could put 8th edition through its paces.
The Tau, however, brought some heavy support in the form of Paul's newly painted Riptide. As you can see from the photos, this thing is enormous! It was hard to get it in the frame and maintain the battlefield illusion (no one wants to see my curtains or bookshelf when imagining the grim darkness of the far future).
In any case, Paul had worked hard for many weeks on this beauty, and dammit, we were going to get it onto the battlefield one way or another!
Let's Play!
And with that, we were off. Our goal here was to play a “proper” game of 40k. We had rulebooks, indices, tape measures and dice … lots and lots of dice. Here's a look at the swarm…
The meatgrinder scenario included one very important rule: attacking Tyranid squads that were destroyed had the ability to “respawn” back in the Tyranid deployment area, thus approximating an “endless wave” assault by the foul xenos.
Paul and I (playing the Tyranids) enjoyed this rule immensely, as it allowed us to shrug off the massive losses that our bugs suffered as they raced across the battlefield. “Don't worry, they'll be back,” was a common refrain as we removed handfuls of gaunts and genestealers.
Anyway, the Tyranids took the first turn, with most squads advancing forward. We found very little in the 40k rulebook that addressed terrain and movement penalties. In a way, that's OK — after all, the movement rates for various units can be easily understood as being a “tactical” move distance that accounts for cautious movement through terrain and such. But we sort of expected various detailed terrain penalties, given that they are quite common in other wargames.
The bugs got off a few shots, as well as a psychic power or two (leaving the Imperials to bemoan their lack of psychic support). Then the Imperials and Tau answered with their own fusillade of firepower. Tyranids were cut down in their dozens, but I just gleefully quipped “They'll be back” as I scooped them up from the tabletop.
I didn't get many turn-by-turn photos, so here's how it all went down. The right flank of the Tyranids crashed into a section of the defensive line held by the Salamanders, and quickly swarmed the few green-armored defenders.
Even as the Space Marines went down, the Imperial Guardsmen behind sandbagged defensive lines peppered the attackers with lasgun and heavy weapon fire. But the Tyranids were too many in number, and the right flank folded and then collapsed.
This skirmish in particular looked rather one-sided, as a Carnifex scaled a watchtower and dealt with the scout squad on top.
Across the table, the Tau shored up the left flank with hyper-accurate gunfire from their Fire Warriors and a veritable firestorm of death from the Riptide. The Tyranid players quickly adjusted and sent both Carnifexes to deal with the Riptide, but both were killed before they could reach the lumbering battlesuit. But … they'll be back.
The Second Wave
By that point, most of the Tyranids' left flank had been eviscerated by the Tau. In a series of spectacular dice rolls, virtually all of the attackers respawned in the Tyranid deployment zone and began the grim march forward once again. The second wave was approaching…
At this point we realized why the meatgrinder scenario allowed the defender to win by having even one unit left alive at the end of the game. The sense of inevitability surrounding the respawn rules meant that the defenders were doomed, one way or another.
With the second wave now reaching the beleaguered Tau and mopping up the last desperate Imperials, it seemed that the Tyranids had all the momentum. Long-ranged firepower from the Carnifexes severely damaged the Riptide battle suit. Fast-moving genestealers crashed into the Fire Warriors, slaughtering them indiscriminately.
Ultimately the game ended after turn 5, and the Tau/Imperial alliance managed to hold out for a minor victory. They still had a couple cohesive units on the battlefield, even though the Tyranids were by that point rampaging through their defensive lines. Another turn or two would have probably sealed their doom.
A Pyrrhic Victory
In any event, the game narrative painted a grim picture: the Imperial garrison at Outpost Omicron had been slaughtered almost to a man. The Tau, already mauled after their encounter in the catacombs, had barely escaped the battlefield. Control of Outpost Omicron is seriously in doubt, as the retreating units sent back frantic, fragmentary reports of ramparts and barracks overrun by swarming bugs.
We'll see what the future holds for this important strategic location on Caluphel…stay tuned!
Advertisements
As former Astros pitcher and television analyst Jim Deshaies prepares to leave Houston for his new job with the Chicago Cubs, he departs with nostalgia, gratitude, excitement and the gnawing certainty that, at some point, he's going to have to stand up before thousands of fans at Wrigley Field and sing “Take Me Out to the Ball Game.”
“I hope it comes later than sooner,” Deshaies said Monday. “I don't want to make people listen to me sing any sooner than I have to, but eventually it will happen. I may go Milli Vanilli on them and lip-sync.”
It is that combination of dry wit and baseball acumen that Astros fans will miss with Monday's disclosure that Deshaies is leaving Houston, where he has worked on Astros broadcasts since 1997, to work with Len Kasper on Cubs games on WGN and Comcast SportsNet Chicago.
“It was a tough decision to make,” Deshaies said. “Working with Brownie (Bill Brown, his on-air partner) was about as good as it can be, and the relationship with the fans was outstanding, I think.
“But this is a great opportunity with the size of the market, Wrigley Field, the Cubs, the exposure and everything that goes with it. It was hard to say no.”
Time to go
Deshaies, whose contract with the Astros expires in February, said he received a four-year deal in Chicago. He said the Astros, who traditionally have employed announcers on one-year contracts, made a multi-year offer for him to remain in Houston, where he pitched from 1985 through 1991 as part of a 12-year major league playing career.
“We value Jim highly and did everything in our power to retain him,” Astros president George Postolos said in an email. “While we are sorry to see him go, we respect his decision. We appreciate his many years as an Astros player and broadcaster and wish him well.
“Both the Astros and Comcast SportsNet Houston have already been approached by several top names in the business regarding the vacancy and look forward to finding a great analyst for next season's Astros broadcasts.”
Deshaies' departure comes at a time of unprecedented upheaval for Astros broadcasting. The club's television games will move next year to CSN Houston after being on Fox Sports Houston and its predecessor networks since 1983, and both radio positions are vacant with Milo Hamilton's retirement from full-time announcing and the decision not to retain announcers Brett Dolan and Dave Raymond.
Deshaies, however, said his decision had nothing to do with the widespread changes that have taken place under new owner Jim Crane.
“This isn't a disgruntled guy leaving because of all the changes,” he said. “This is an opportunity that came along. The Astros made me an offer that I would consider fair in this market, but it's a different market. They made a strong commitment in terms of years.”
Deshaies' youngest of three daughters is in her senior year of high school, and he said the fact one of his children attends law school at the University of Illinois contributed to his decision.
“The Astros guy had a hard time saying yes, but the baseball guy and the family guy … I've been doing this for a number of years, and sometimes change is good,” he said.
Deshaies will fill the position vacated when former Diamondbacks manager and broadcaster Bob Brenly left the Cubs to return to Arizona. He joins former Texas Longhorns player and announcer Keith Moreland, the Cubs' radio analyst, as a Cubs broadcaster.
“I like to have fun in the booth, and I know that Bob had a lot of fun (with the Cubs),” he said. “I think it will be a good fit, similar to the situation that Brownie and I had here.”
Hard to replace
Brown, whose contract with the Astros also expires at the end of February, said he was happy for Deshaies but that his departure “on a personal level is like a punch in the gut from a sumo wrestler.”
“He works hard and brings … humor and knowledge of the game to the booth every single night,” Brown said. “He's one of the best broadcasters in the country and a fan favorite. People always comment to me just how much they enjoy his work.”
Brown, who has called Astros games since 1983, added, “I'm hopeful of working next year. I have had the chance to have some discussions, and I do believe the Astros will try to do the right thing with their broadcasters. I feel good about things going forward.”
Deshaies said he considers the move to Chicago “like high school graduation. I will miss a lot of things and remember them fondly, but I'm excited about what the future holds.”
In the meantime, he's practicing his singing skills in preparation for his vocal debut during a seventh-inning stretch to come.
“I'll be in the backyard,” he said, “baying at the moon.”
david.barron@chron.com
Chronicle staff writer Brian T. Smith contributed to this report.
Every postdoctoral fellow has probably heard a “permadoc” joke or two, making light of the increasingly long stints recent Ph.D.s spend in such positions. But has the postdoc become the default for graduates -- even for those for whom it doesn't necessarily make sense? Has it become a holding pattern rather than a bridge to more permanent work?
A new study in Science by two business professors suggests that's the case and calls for increased attention to career planning among students, mentors, graduate schools and those funding postdocs. That's not just during graduate school, but before one even applies.
“We find that challenging labor markets encourage rather than discourage students to invest in postdoctoral training,” the study says. “While this seems logical if students are strongly committed to a particular career, it provides an individual-level explanation for why the supply of postdocs does not decrease despite low demand for full-time researchers, potentially contributing to persistent labor market imbalances.”
“Why Pursue the Postdoc Path?” was written by Henry Sauermann, an associate professor of strategic management at Georgia Institute of Technology and a research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research, and Michael Roach, the J. Thomas and Nancy W. Clark Assistant Professor of Entrepreneurship at Cornell University. For their study, they surveyed nearly 6,000 Ph.D. students, mostly in the natural sciences, at 39 research-intensive U.S. universities in 2010 and again in 2013, after many had graduated. They focused their questions on career goals, information about labor market demand and proxies for ability or talent to see what was -- or wasn't -- informing their plans to seek out postdocs.
About 37 percent of the sample were enrolled in the biological or life sciences, 27 percent in engineering, 14 percent in physics, 11 percent in chemistry, and 10 percent in computer science.
In 2010, nearly 80 percent of students in the biological or life sciences planned a postdoc, compared to about half in the other fields. The researchers asked students to ignore job availability and rate the attractiveness of different academic and nonacademic career paths. Students planning a postdoc were more likely to have academic career goals, but were not necessarily looking for research-oriented faculty jobs. And that's surprising, since postdocs aren't widely considered stepping-stones to non-research-oriented faculty careers.
It seems some misinformation is to blame; 78 percent of respondents in the life sciences and 42 percent in other fields believed that at least one year of postdoc training was required for a Ph.D.-level research and development position in their field. Yet there's little empirical evidence to suggest that's true, according to the study.
While limited job availability may discourage Ph.D.s from taking on relatively low-paid postdoc training, poor job markets may also encourage students to pursue a postdoc to boost their chances at finding work. Whatever the case, the study found no systematic relationship between perceived academic job availability and postdoc plans. But students' beliefs about how many years as a postdoc are required for a full-time position did strongly predict their postdoc plans.
Concerning the influence of ability or talent on postdoc plans, Sauermann and Roach guessed that those with greater talent and therefore a higher likelihood of securing an eventual full-time position faced a lower risk of “wasting” time as a postdoc and would be more likely to plan one. Evidence suggests that might be true. Using three proxies for talent -- respondents' peer-reviewed publications, fellowships from a federal agency and their Ph.D. program's National Research Council ranking -- the researchers determined that life scientists with higher scores were more likely than their peers with lower ones to plan a postdoc. The dynamic was consistent in other fields.
Central to Sauermann and Roach's argument, 62 percent of life sciences students and 56 percent of their peers in other fields reported having thought about their careers to a great extent, and those who had thought more about their careers were less likely to plan a postdoc -- especially in the life sciences. Foreign students who were unsure about whether or not they wanted to stay in the U.S. also were more likely to plan a postdoc.
“This may reflect that many students see a postdoc as the default until they explicitly consider their long-term career paths,” the study says. Interestingly, students' self-perceptions about their own “persistence” also positively correlated with postdoc plans.
Career Outcomes
Of students who graduated by 2013, 74 percent took a postdoc in the life sciences, compared to 46 percent of those in other disciplines. The most frequent reason for doing so was “A postdoc increases the chance to get my desired job.” Those who hadn't planned on doing a postdoc in 2010 but took one by 2013 most frequently reported having done so because they experienced difficulty finding another job.
“These patterns suggest that low demand for full-time researchers leads many students to plan postdoc training well before graduation, but also forces some into unplanned postdoc holding patterns afterwards,” the paper says. “The observed transitions into postdocs were likely facilitated by plentiful positions, and demand for postdoc trainees may have been particularly strong due to funding from the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.”
Some 60 percent of life sciences postdocs said they took the position to obtain a tenure-track faculty job, compared to 51 percent of those in other fields. But just about 40 percent of respondents across disciplines said their single most desired career was a faculty job with a focus on research; the majority preferred other work. Postdocs in the life sciences also were statistically overconfident about their chances of securing tenure-track jobs.
Over all, however, just 4 percent of life sciences postdocs felt a severe lack of information about careers in academic research. They reported having much less knowledge about other kinds of work, though: 21 percent said they severely lacked information about government research jobs, compared to 34 percent for work in established firms, 42 percent for start-ups, and 44 percent for nonresearch careers.
Corresponding figures in other fields are not much lower, “suggesting that a significant share of junior scientists proceeded to the postdoc stage without sufficient information to evaluate nonacademic career options,” the study says.
Some of Sauermann and Roach's findings parallel those in a major 2014 report from the National Academies arguing for more mentoring and better pay for postdocs. But the new study goes one step farther in its conclusion, saying that students shouldn't just start thinking about their careers early in their academic programs but rather before they enter a Ph.D. program in the first place.
“Doing so may avoid escalating commitment to a research career and prevent individuals from entering a postdoc holding pattern,” the paper says. “Graduate schools may encourage career planning by requiring that applicants analyze different career options and justify why a Ph.D. is the most promising path forward. Funding agencies could implement similar requirements, especially in conjunction with moving a larger share of funding from research grants to training grants and individual fellowships.”
The study also calls for mentors, postdoc offices, professional associations and internships to give students more diverse and overall better information about potential careers.
“Just as importantly, students need to actively access and process the available information and seriously consider the implications for their own careers,” Sauermann and Roach reiterate.
Sauermann said via email that the study wasn't an argument against Ph.D. education or accepting a postdoc in a challenging academic job market, and that many other structural factors beyond individual career planning -- research funding and lab structures, to name a few -- are at play. But there's value in understanding Ph.D.s' and postdocs' perspectives, he said, since “individuals are still the ones making certain kinds of decisions that lead them down certain paths.”
“I think that everybody who considers doing a Ph.D. should think about the subsequent steps as well, i.e., the potential need for a postdoc and the possibility of not getting a particular desired job (even with a postdoc),” he added. “Rather than thinking short term and going step by step (‘Let me do the Ph.D. first and then I'll think about the next step'), long-term career planning is likely to result in better outcomes.”
For example, Sauermann said, a master's degree may lead someone to work that is just as satisfying as what that person would find with a Ph.D.
Jessica Polka, a postdoctoral research fellow in systems biology at Harvard University, said the analysis rang true with her own experiences at a postdoc.
“I didn't seriously consider nontraditional careers until after I began my postdoc,” she said. “The decision to do a postdoc in the first place was motivated mostly by an ongoing infatuation with research.” Yet Polka said she agreed fully with the study “that more information presented earlier in training could help junior scientists make strategic career choices.”
Detectives examine dead people, including dead children, so you do too. Soon, you're investigating a series of similarly gruesome murders in the wake of the Black Dahlia killing (which was never solved in the real world), and you eventually uncover a city-spanning conspiracy.
As you progress from the traffic department to homicide, vice and arson, you tackle 21 cases that should each take 60 to 90 minutes to complete your first time through. The gameplay is actually quite simple. You walk around crime scenes, waiting for your controller to buzz in your hands to tell you to pick up a clue. Then you interrogate witnesses and suspects, listening closely, watching their facial expressions and piecing together the clues to decide if they're telling the truth (and, more important, whether you have enough evidence to prove they're lying).
If you miss a clue or react incorrectly to an answer, that doesn't mean that you fail; it just means that the case may unfold differently. There are some action sequences, like chases and shootouts, but if you fail one of those a few times, the game just lets you skip past it, so those of slow reflex and clumsy thumb need to have no fear.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Instead of action, the focus in L.A. Noire is squarely on basic storytelling elements like narrative, character, setting and plot: 322 actors delivered voice performances for the game, and their efforts are generally superb. The Rockstar hallmark — gritty, believable, wry dialogue — is on full display.
Yet none of Rockstar's previous games have been so emotionally powerful.
That's because the big theme here is the difficulty soldiers have in readjusting to civilian life and the profound social trauma that can result when that goes awry. As one of Phelps's partners remarks on the way to another murder scene, Los Angeles in 1947 is awash in young men who got used to killing every day in the war, then returned and were expected to take orders from their wives. Not all of them could.
As L.A. Noire unfolds, through flashbacks the game also tells the story of Phelps's own war history and his fraught relationship with the men under his command. Without giving away the plot, the stories of past and present end up colliding in spectacular, heartrending fashion. Like so many of his suspects, our hero has demons of his own, and like so many of his suspects, he does not handle them easily.
The accounts and effects of post-traumatic stress among World War II veterans upon their return are not often brought up, probably because the war itself was a huge victory for the United States, and because the country soon embarked on a huge economic boom. In that sense these stories have been obscured. L.A. Noire treats this very human reality with a deft, mature hand that lends all the police-procedural gameplay an emotional heft rarely felt in video games.
Thankfully, there are a few straight-up villains to take out. But ambiguity is the order of the day, and L.A. Noire serves it up with flair. As in Red Dead and Grand Theft Auto, you have a vast virtual landscape to explore outside of the main story — in this case a broad swath of Los Angeles — but there is far less actually to do out there than in either the Liberty City of Grand Theft or the Old West of Red Dead. (One technical note: L.A. Noire is among the growing number of games that highlight the inadequacy of the Xbox 360's current optical disc format. While the game comes on a single Blu-ray disc for the PlayStation 3, for which it was originally designed, it takes up three discs for the Xbox 360. This game is best played on the PS3.)
Along with Red Dead Redemption, my other favorite of last year was Heavy Rain, also a grim serial-killer story. L.A. Noire draws heavily from both games. The one thing they all have in common is that they are set in, and reflect, visions of the real world.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Perhaps the final frontier isn't that far away after all.
If one have ever pondered of or are currently selling your house via the for sale by owner (FSBO) method, you have to read this article. This article will first cover the countless hassles of listing your house through this self-managed method. You will learn all of the pitfalls and drawbacks to selling your home yourself. After you learn about all of the negative attributes of selling your home via a for sale by owner (FSBO) listing, you will learn all about the positive benefits of being flexible on the terms of sales to entice more potential buyers to your home.
When one sells their home via a for sale by owner (FSBO) avenue, there are countless hassles that one incurs. The first time-consuming and potentially expensive task to perform would be to advertise your house to potential buyers online, in the newspaper, magazines, and flyers. Another hassle is to first find and then make sure a potential buyer is pre-approved by a lender to secure a loan to purchase your home. Running a for sale by owner (FBSO) listing entails answering all phone calls, responding to e-mails, answering all questions about the house including taxes and restrictions, etc., along with having open houses during days, nights, and weekends. This is very time consuming and requires a lot of knowledge and patience. When your house does sell, there is high-level legal paperwork that must be executed properly and efficiently in order to make your sale effective and legal. More hassles include a longer time for your house to sell, if ever. This extended time-frame creates another hassle because you will be paying property taxes, mortgage payments, maintenance fees longer than you expected. It would be even doubly worse if you already have another home that you are living in (which is what happens in most cases).
No matter how you sell your house, being flexible with the terms of the sale will more often than not attract more home purchasers, increasing one's chances of selling one's home. As the seller, the more you are willing to work with a potential home buyer that is interested in your home regarding payment for your home, the more likely you are able to sell your home. Homeowners are more apt to sell their house if they accept flexible financing which is where the homeowner works with the potential buyer to determine what is acceptable to all parties regarding the loan amount for the home purchase. Homeowners also have the option to let a potential homeowner exercise a rent to own or lease to own option. These two terms that mean the same thing which enables the interested purchaser to have the ability to make monthly payments, after settling on a specified down payment, to eventually purchase the home. This occurs all while the new purchaser is living in the home while.
Mere hours before the Senate prepared to vote on a “skinny repeal” health care bill that would get rid of Obamacare's individual mandate, among other provisions, Senate Republicans finally released the bill they plan to vote on.
The Health Care Freedom Act would repeal the individual mandate, which requires people to buy insurance or pay a fine; the law's employer mandate, which requires employers to provide coverage to their employees; and its medical device tax (temporarily). States would also have the ability to waive some Obamacare requirements for health plans.
True to its name, the “skinny repeal” bill is a mere eight pages long.
Releasing a bill hours before a vote — with no time for the Congressional Budget Office to analyze the legislation and its possible effects — is already far from normal. But that's just the beginning. Many Senate Republicans openly say they don't want the bill to become law, and would vote to pass it only to reopen negotiations with the House of Representatives about a more sweeping health care bill to be passed later.
So the state of play is this: The Senate is about to vote on, and could pass, a bill it just released tonight and that its members openly hope will not become law. You can read the bill here or below.
London, UK - Prominent British Muslims who have spoken out against Islamic extremism say they will not be cowed despite being targeted by al-Shabab in a broadcast calling for do-it-yourself attacks by self-styled jihadists in the UK.
The video, which appeared on the internet last week and bore the watermark of the Somali armed group's al-Kataib media wing, is presented by a black-masked narrator with a southern English accent who urges aspiring jihadists to arm themselves with knives from B&Q, a popular DIY or "do it yourself" store famous for the slogan "Don't just do it, B&Q it".
It celebrates the murder of British soldier Lee Rigby in Woolwich, south London, in May, and accuses Muslim community leaders who condemned the attack of being on the British government's payroll and of "mutilating the teachings of Islam".
It didn't make me scared. It just made me angry and more determined -Ajmal Masroor, imam
Ajmal Masroor, a London-based imam and broadcaster, said police officers had visited his home late last Wednesday to warn him of a credible threat against his life made in an online video.
"It is a terrible piece of work and the content is vile and disgusting and horrific in many ways. It is a group of people who are glorifying violence and death. It didn't make me scared. It just made me angry and more determined," Masroor told Al Jazeera.
Mohammed Shafiq, chief executive of the Ramadan Foundation, which works to enhance understanding between Muslims and non-Muslims, said he had also received a visit from police in the early hours.
Shafiq told Al Jazeera he was concerned for the safety of his family, and said police had offered him protection at his Manchester home.
"It's shocked us all but it just makes you even more determined to make a stand against terrorism," he said. "Not because of what the government says, but because it is our Islamic duty to stand up against this. We must confront it wherever we find it."
Other figures targeted in the video included Mohammed Ansar, a filmmaker and broadcaster who regularly challenges both Islamic and far-right extremism, and Usama Hasan, senior researcher at the Quilliam Foundation, a counter-extremism think-tank.
Ansar said police were patrolling his neighbourhood and had installed alarm systems and reinforced locks and doors at his home. Summing up his response to the ordeal on Twitter he wrote: "Typical British responses if ever we saw them. Defiance and cups of tea."
The video also lists fighters from several British cities killed on the battlefields of Somalia and features footage of an al-Shabab member identified as Talha from Tower Hamlets, a London borough, calling on "all the Muslim men in Britain to come to jihad... and cut the necks of the disbelievers."
Domestic 'terrorism'
But it also urges would-be jihadists in the West to consider taking action closer to home, citing the examples of Woolwich, the Boston marathon bombings in April, last year's Toulouse killings in France and the Fort Hood shootings in Texas in 2009.
For them now to openly suggest to Muslims living in other parts of the world to take up weapons and knives from B&Q... it's too vague. Somebody is going to do the wrong thing and that is not going to be of benefit to the jihad or to Muslims. -Al-Shabab activst
"Just follow the examples of your brothers in Woolwich, Toulouse, Texas and Boston," the narrator says, brandishing an automatic weapon. "Do not waste your time trying to reinvent the wheel. If you can't afford to get hold of one of these then certainly a simple knife from your local B&Q will do the job."
A British-based activist sympathetic to al-Shabab's cause in Somalia said the group, which is a banned terrorist organisation in the UK, had long been a popular destination for British fighters.
"Al-Shabab have shown they are a professional force and they don't mind foreign fighters, so it has become an open ticket for foreign Muslims to go and fight there. What they are doing in Somalia is legitimate according to Sharia and they have every right to protect their territory."
But the activist, who did not want to be named, said al-Shabab was making a mistake in trying to incite attacks on British soil.
"For them now to openly suggest to Muslims living in other parts of the world to take up weapons and knives from B&Q... it's too vague. Somebody is going to do the wrong thing and that is not going to be of benefit to the jihad or to Muslims. This is something they need to revisit and look at from a different perspective."
Analysts said the video appeared to confirm a shift in al-Shabab's strategy signalled by last month's Westgate shopping mall attack in Nairobi away from the group's traditional goal of establishing Sharia law in Somalia towards carrying out and inspiring al-Qaeda-style global operations.
'A call to arms'
Ahmed Soliman, a Somalia expert at the Chatham House think-tank, said Ahmed Abdi Godane, the current al-Shabab leader who pledged allegiance to al-Qaeda last year, seemed to have won out over factions wary of broadening the struggle beyond Somalia's borders.
"Internally there seems to have been quite a bit of upheaval but what we are seeing now is confirmation that it is this global jihadist arm that is taking over and dominating. This is a call to arms, a rallying cry, almost a promotional video," Soliman told Al Jazeera.
Soliman said the UK was an obvious target for the group because of the presence of a sizeable Somali population and because the government had hosted two high-profile conferences on Somalia which had helped the current transitional government to establish its international credibility.
Valentina Soria, an analyst at IHS Jane's Terrorism and Insurgency Centre, said the video, following so soon after the high-profile Westgate attack, appeared part of a concerted campaign to recruit fresh fighters from western countries at a time when al-Shabab was losing ground domestically and Somalia's appeal as a destination for "jihad tourism" had been dented by the lure of the war in Syria.
"This has boosted their profile in jihadist circles and that is quite important because the likes of al-Shabab have suffered from the Syrian conflict and the fact that every jihadist wanted to go to Syria to fight," she told Al Jazeera.
Soria said the Westgate attack and regular bombings inside Somalia highlighted the threat that al-Shabab continued to pose in East Africa even as they have suffered strategic defeats on the ground against combinations of Somali government, African Union, Kenyan and Ethiopian forces.
But she said the video also hinted at the group's more limited abilities to take the fight to Western countries. "If anything, it is evidence of an inability to carry out more sophisticated attacks on their own, so they have to rely on the likes of single extremists."
For now though, British Muslims targeted by the group are taking the threat very seriously.
Ajmal Masroor said he had received unanimous support after addressing the threat in his Friday sermon at a central London mosque.
"People were saying, 'How dare they?', and even volunteering to be my bodyguard. So there is a spirit in the community to fight back. I think it is about time we did more fighting back."
Or, as Mohammed Ansar put it on Twitter: "A little odd when an act of defiance is popping down to the Cafe Nero [sic] with Mrs A for a coffee and a toasted panini."
Follow Simon Hooper on Twitter: @simonbhooper
Ahh, Art bollocks. Where would we be without these inane ramblings, sorry, uninformed idiocies, sorry in depth analyses? Most art-worlders can make a good stab at it…
“Without doubt the best work in the exhibition – the artist has allowed himself time and freedom to sensualise a compelling dialectical opposition whilst never merely re-presenting images usually regarded as iterations of the matrix. Don't you think?”
…but if you can't there are even web-apps to help you out: Art-bollocks generator. Even the most well-meaning cove slip into it every now and again, some say it's the effect on the brain of four stark white walls. Others believe it's a natural human defence mechanism when presented with
To celebrate this vital part of the art world we have launched the FLANEUR MONTHLY ART BOLLOCKS COMPETITION!
How does it work I hear no one ask. Exactly as you might expect. Every month we upload a work of art. And every month we send out a plea for the best art bollocks to describe it.
Please add your art bollocks to the comments. The winner will receive a certificate signed by the editor attesting to their art world skill. The certificate itself will be a work of art, so you can write some more art bollocks about that when you get it. The whole thing works on so many levels I can barely cope.
ONWARD!
Leave your artbollocks in the comments for the following painting. I won't give any details about it yet for fear of stifling your creativity:
Just to start you off, don't you feel that this is a redefinition or rather, let's be more honest, a transformation of an intuiting minority – a pre-construction if you will of the very political poetry that it inculcates? The clouds no longer encapsulating the traditional, but giving a patina of glamour to an otherwise unengaged electorate? The focus of the painting, it's very raison d'être is of course the goat.
Add your art bollocks below!
This competition is advertised on: OfferOasis.co.uk – Competitions and Freebies in the UK
By PSW Staff • March 6, 2015
Martin Audio has released images of its Glastonbury Festival LEGO model featuring MLA that will be on display at the upcoming Prolight+Sound 2015 in Frankfurt, stand F60 in Hall 8.0.
The model, built by Bright Bricks, a professional LEGO building company, took more than 120 man-hours and 12,500 bricks to complete and sits on a stand measuring 3.9 feet x 3.9 feet. Featuring the iconic Pyramid Stage, the model has full replica MLA hangs and MLX subwoofers in place while a flag-waving crowd listen on.
“We wanted to celebrate our involvement in arguably the most prestigious festival in the world and the record breaking success of MLA last year,” says James King, Martin Audio director of marketing, who commissioned the model. “We thought as a bit of theatre for this year's Prolight+Sound it would garner lots of attention.”
Courtesy of RG Jones Sound Engineering, Martin Audio has been the main PA at the Pyramid stage since 2007.
“We've had many people asking whether we will mass produce these, but this will definitely be a one-off,” King adds. “We have, however, produced 500 Limited Edition LEGO Certified Professional MLA Mini models that will sure to be seen on many of our partner's desks in the coming weeks.”
Standing at nearly 4.7 inches tall, the MLA Mini model is gift boxed with instructions on how to build it, and comes with decorating stickers. “It doesn't make any sound, but it's sure to create quite a stir,” King concludes.
Martin Audio
In hindsight, Chris Hope's wager in 2011 was a sure bet.
The Cambridge University climate change economist bet two prominent skeptics £1,000 ($1,400) each that 2015 would not be cooler than 2008.
True to Hope's expectations, 2015 was warmer. So warm, in fact, that it was the hottest year in the past 137 years of record keeping. It vaulted past 2014, the previous record holder, by 0.13 degree Celsius (ClimateWire, Jan. 21). Alan Rudge, a British businessman and climate skeptic, has paid up. Ian Plimer, an Australian businessman, has not been reachable, Hope said.
Neither of the businessmen responded to ClimateWire's request for comment by deadline.
Hope said his climate bet was not meant to ridicule the businessmen or make them feel guilty about their views. Rather, his was an intellectual exercise, similar to wagers that litter the history of science. Stephen Hawking in 1975 bet that black holes do not exist. In 1684, British mathematician Christopher Wren promised a book worth 40 shillings (40 cents) to the first person who could explain the elliptical orbits of planets.
"If there is some difference in opinion, we can use it productively and explore it and use it to help us solve problems," Hope said.
With this open attitude, Hope attended a climate conference in 2011 at Cambridge organized by climate doubters. After a session where a presenter said that global temperatures had likely peaked in 2008, Hope took the microphone.
"I said, 'If you really believe it has gone through a peak in 2008, and would be willing to place a wager on that, talk to me during the break,'" he recalled recently.
Rudge and Plimer approached him later, and the men agreed on the terms of the wager. The businessmen bet £1,000 that global temperatures in 2015 would be at least 0.1 C below 2008 values. Two people witnessed the bet.
Hope would like to find tools to help people manage climate risk. Someone who is running a small business and is anxious about the effects of climate-related weather volatility could place a wager with someone who disbelieves in climate effects, Hope said. This would help offset losses and minimize their risk, he said. Such wagers would be "mutually beneficial," he said.
"What I'm trying to think about is, is there some way we can use this disagreement that people have in a positive way to be able to try and manage the risk we are facing?" Hope said.
Darwin's revenge
Similar tools exist in the business world. For instance, people who invest in foreign markets face the risk of exchange rates moving unfavorably. To hedge, they transfer the risk to another business, which profits if the exchange rate moves favorably and pays out the rate that's unfavorable.
But financial experts have not yet figured out a market mechanism or options for betting on climate volatility. Part of the problem is that the payouts would be delayed, potentially by decades. Barry Ritholtz, chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management, called for a setup that would allow trades on global weather volatility in an op-ed in Bloomberg View.
"As I am fond of pointing out, someone has to be on the money-losing side of the trade, and it might as well be the anti-science crowd. Call it Darwin's revenge: Ignorance as an evolutionary adaptive failure," he wrote in the article.
One group of climate doubters is starting a hedge fund to invest against global warming. James Delingpole, a prominent U.K.-based climate change doubter and columnist, wrote recently in The Spectator that he has donated $75 to the startup.
Hope said that Delingpole was present at the Cambridge conference in 2011 but declined the wager. Delingpole did not respond to ClimateWire's request for comment by deadline.
Cash will settle this
Like any good investor, Hope hedged his risk. James Annan, an independent climate researcher at Blue Skies Research, has spent a decade challenging climate doubters to put their money where their mouth is.
Advertisement
"[It is] a way of trying to test whether they really believe what they say," Annan said, "because it's easy to say things like the world is not going to get any warmer, but it is a lot harder to bet that it is not going to get warmer if they don't believe it."
In 2005, he invited Richard Lindzen, a professor of meteorology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, to place a wager. Lindzen had earlier said that he would bet that temperatures in 20 years would be lower than they were in 2005. Lindzen said he would accept only with odds of 50-to-1. In betting parlance, this means Lindzen believed there was only a 2 percent chance that 2025 would be cooler than 2005.
"I contacted him first and tried to chase him up, and he basically refused," Annan said.
Two Russian solar scientists contacted Annan later and bet $10,000 that average temperatures between 2012 and 2017 would be cooler than the average temperature between 1998 and 2003 on average. Spreading out temperatures over six years allows the scientists to avoid biases due to natural variability.
"The temperature goes up and down from year to year because of things like El Niño," Annan said. "You are not going to get every year hotter than the year before."
This bet will mature in 2017. So far, it appears that Annan is winning.
In 2011, Annan offered Hope 5-to-1 odds that 2015 temperatures would be warmer than 2008 -- the opposite of the bet Hope had placed with the skeptics. Hope, looking for a way to hedge risk, agreed.
If 2015 turned out hot, Annan would get £666 ($933). And if 2015 turned out cold, perhaps due to an ill-timed La Niña, Annan would pay Hope £3,333 ($4,671).
"We both bet against these two guys effectively," Annan said.
Since 2015 was the hottest year on record, Hope's net earnings were £334 ($468) and Annan's were £666.
Neither of them is sure how he'll spend the money.
Odds business
Some bookies are more than happy to accommodate people's climate bets. Paddy Power, an Irish bookmaker, crunched some odds for ClimateWire. These are theoretical bets because the payouts would be very much in the future.
They offer odds of 14-to-1 that temperatures would be 1.5 C warmer than preindustrial levels by 2030. In other words, they believe there is a 6 percent chance the event will happen.
They offer odds of 1-to-20 (95 percent probability) that temperatures would be that warm by 2100.
And as for Annan's bet with the Russian solar scientists, they offer 1-to-4 odds (80 percent probability). Annan is likely to win.
As for the historical bets, Stephen Hawking lost his black hole bet to California Institute of Technology physicist Kip Thorne and bought him a year's subscription to Penthouse. And in 1684, Isaac Newton rose to Wren's challenge and explained the elliptical orbits of planets.
James Martin/CNET
Apple CEO Tim Cook hasn't even been in his job for a year, but already he's the working world's highest-rated chief executive, according to a new report.
Careers site Glassdoor announced today that Cook received a 97 percent approval rating from employees over the past 12 months that ended March 15, beating out Ernst & Young CEO Jim Turley and Qualcomm CEO Paul Jacobs, who each scored a 95 percent approval rating. American Express CEO Ken Chenault and Google CEO Larry Page rounded out the top five with 94 percent approval ratings.
Surprisingly, Cook was able to beat out his predecessor and Apple co-founder Steve Jobs in approval ratings. During the 12 months that ended March 15, 2011, Jobs mustered a 95 percent approval rating among employees. However, Glassdoor also said today that when Jobs stepped down as CEO last year, he had the same 97 percent approval rating Cook now has.
To be clear, Glassdoor's ratings aren't taken from a survey per se. The figures come from employees who actively come to Glassdoor's site to rate their companies and bosses. However, Glassdoor says that its report only includes CEOs who received at least 100 employee ratings over the past year and that, overall, more than 280,000 employees rated their CEO on Glassdoor over the past 12 months.
Ratings are based on a five-point scale ranging from "strongly disapprove" to "strongly approve."
Aside from Cook's high approval ratings, it's worth noting that Hewlett-Packard's new CEO, Meg Whitman, appears to be turning things around. Last year, her predecessor Leo Apotheker scored a 67 percent approval rating. In Glassdoor's latest study, Whitman landed at 80 percent
(Via All Things Digital)
A bloody 10-year dispute in the Ugandan jungle ended in mid-2009 with the victors seizing territory held by the vanquished. The episode represents the first solid evidence that chimpanzees kill their rivals to acquire land, and could help explain the evolutionary origins of some aspects of belligerent as well as cooperative behaviour in humans.
John Mitani, a primatologist at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, and his team have observed the Ngogo chimpanzee troop in Uganda's Kibale National Park for over a decade. Between 1999 and 2009, they witnessed 18 lethal attacks led by Ngogo males on another, smaller group of chimps. They also found indirect evidence of another three lethal attacks, making the Ngogo troop one of the most violent groups of chimpanzees so far studied.
With more than 150 individuals, the troop is two or three times as large as other well-studied groups. Superiority in numbers allows it to patrol its territory's hinterlands, where members are likely to encounter smaller, neighbouring troops. “Attacks are made when there's more of us than them,” says Mitani.
In mid-2009, his team noticed that the Ngogo chimps had finally seized part of the home range of their rivals, so increasing the size of their territory by 6.4 square kilometres, or 22 per cent. Where only adult males on patrol had previously visited this area, now the team saw them “going in there with females and children and acting and shouting like they would if they were in the middle of their territory”, Mitani says. The Ngogo chimps were probably drawn by food: black mulberry trees had begun fruiting in the area around the time of the takeover.
Advertisement
The territorial gain is likely to bring about other advantages. Chimps belonging to troops with large home ranges tend to weigh more than those with less land and their females tend to have more offspring. What's more, territorial gains could draw in females from neighbouring troops, offering more mating opportunities to the males.
Similar changes have been seen in human hunter-gatherer communities, but Mitani cautions against drawing too many parallels between our own battles and those of chimps. Humans go to war for a variety of reasons ranging from disputes over resources to religion, and such conflicts can often be settled by negotiation. “We might be comparing apples and oranges,” he says.
In fact, rather than explaining the evolutionary origins of war, chimpanzee disputes could help explain the evolution of human cooperation. Samuel Bowles at the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico has used evolutionary models and archaeological evidence to argue that altruism emerged in humans as a result of violent conflicts between groups of people who were willing to die for their comrades and more selfish, individualistic populations – with the altruistic warriors winning out.
Likewise, says Mitani, the Ngogo chimps worked as tightly knit coalitions to kill their opponents, with benefits for the victorious troop.
“There's definitely an interesting relationship between cooperation and competition in both chimpanzees and in humans,” says Michael Wilson, a primatologist at the University of Minnesota in St Paul, who was not involved in the study.
Journal reference: Current Biology, DOI: 10.1016/j.cub.2010.04.021
Nigel Farage has proclaimed that he will 'smash apart' Labour's 'one-party state' in the North at the election.
The Ukip leader said that his party is now the 'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats.
He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'.‎
Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour in its target seats.
Scroll down for video
Up for it: The Ukip leader said that his party is now the 'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats
He said that traditional Labour voters also want to send a message to Ed Miliband, 'you don't represent us anymore'.
In an article for MailOnline, he wrote: 'The truth is, Labour are running scared, and it's not the Conservative Party making great inroads into their vote. It's us. It's UKIP.
'You only have to look at last year's Heywood and Middleton by-election for proof of it.
'We came within 620 votes of taking a "safe" Labour seat, and actually, Mr Miliband would have had to resign as leader of his party if we had done it. The problem in that case was that the Conservative Party split the vote.'
Mr Farage accused Labour of 'sneering' at people who raised issues about immigration and claimed Ukip has now 'emerged as the party of the working man'.
He added: 'Across the North of England, UKIP are now the serious challengers to Labour.'
Mr Farage accused Labour's shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna of making 'tired and old claims' after he said at the weekend that Ukip is infected with the 'virus of racism'.
He wrote: 'While most people pay no heed when they hear these claims nowadays, it is interesting to think about why Labour chiefs are attacking UKIP, when they really should be focusing on Mr Cameron's Conservatives by this point in the campaign.'
Mr Farage will on Tuesday campaign in Hartlepool, where he thinks the party has its best chance of winning in the North East at the election.
The seat has been put on Ukip's list of top ten targets. Other seats outside of the south of England on the list are Great Grimsby, Boston & Skegness, Dudley North and Heywood & Middleton.
Proud: Ukip's strategists believe the party could come second in at least 100 seats in the North
However, the party suffered a blow on Monday when a poll by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft showed the party was 17 points behind Labour in Great Grimsby.
Ukip's strategists believe the party could come second in at least 100 seats in the North.
In 2010 the party failed to achieve even a single second place.
The Hartlepool constituency has been held by Labour since it was formed in 1974.
In 2010, Ukip took just seven per cent of the vote and Labour's Iain Wright retained the seat with a 5,509 majority.
He replaced Peter Mandelson as the MP in a by-election in 2004 after the Labour grandee stood down to become a European Commissioner.
Mr Farage's hopes for electoral victory in Hartlepool come after the town elected a man dressed as a monkey as its mayor in 2002.
Stuart Drummond stood as 'H'Angus the Monkey', Hartlepool United FC's mascot, as a publicity stunt with the slogan, 'free bananas for schoolchildren'.
He was re-elected in 2005 and 2009 before voters in the town backed a referendum to scrap the paid post in 2012.
Hartlepool's residents are famously said to have hanged a monkey during the Napoleonic wars because they thought it was a French spy.
Nigel Farage: ‎'Labour are running scared of Ukip'
‎Have you noticed how in the past few days Labour has started to attack me and Ukip, just as the polls suggest that more and more Labour voters are going to be voting for us on May 7th?
Polls have shown a sharply rising proportion of Ukip supporters drawn from people who voted Labour in 2010. On April 17th it was seven per cent. This weekend it jumped to 19 percent.
Labour's Chuka Umunna has again repeated a tired old claim about Ukip and race.
Worried: Mr Farage said Labour are 'running scared' of his United Kingdom Independence Party
While most people pay no heed when they hear these claims nowadays, it is interesting to think about why Labour chiefs are attacking Ukip, when they really should be focusing on Mr Cameron's Conservatives by this point in the campaign.
The truth is, Labour are running scared, and it's not the Conservative Party making great inroads into their vote. It's us. It's Ukip.
You only have to look at last year's Heywood and Middleton by-election for proof of it.
We came within 620 votes of taking a 'safe' Labour seat, and actually, Mr Miliband would have had to resign as leader of his party if we had done it.
The problem in that case was that the Conservative Party split the vote, and we hadn't yet proclaimed our Australian-style points system plan for immigration, or our plans to take those on the minimum wage out of income tax completely.
Sneering: Mr Farage said Chuka Umunna continued to 'sneer' at his party on immigration and attacked a 'whopping majority of Britons'
And far from the party of old, gin-soaked half colonels that some would like Ukip to be, we have emerged as the party of the working man and woman of this country, with a health policy welcomed by the Alzheimer's Society, a housing policy endorsed by the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors, and an immigration policy that 77 per cent of the British public agree with.
But Mr Umunna and the London Labourites continue to sneer at people over the issues they want answers on.
When they attack me, they're really attacking a whopping majority of Britons who know that on defence, our NHS, jobs, and the economy, Labour has proved itself to be grossly negligent.
On immigration, Labour was wilfully deceitful, as several senior party sources now admit. They wanted to change our communities for political gain.
They simply do not understand the impact that mass migration has had on people's lives.
In doing what they did, they betrayed their core voters – keeping wages down, making it harder to get a GP appointment, and creating a shortage of school places.
People rely on government to help them with some of their most basic needs, and Labour has not just failed to provide them, it has actually reduced their availability.
Look at the mess Ed Miliband's party is in as a result of all this.
Across the North of England, Ukip are now the serious challengers to Labour. In Scotland, Labour's heading for a wipeout.
People are mustering up the courage to depart from their 'traditional' way of voting.
They want to send Labour a message: 'You don't represent us anymore'. That's because in areas like Rotherham, Hartlepool, and Stockton, Labour has ceased trying to represent the values, beliefs and opinions of ordinary folk.
They're more concerned with the chattering classes of Westminster and Islington. And let's face it, until a few years ago there wasn't much choice in the North.
The Conservative Party's entire campaign is based on the idea that he economy is enriching people's lives, but very few people in the North of England are feeling that.
And their claims expose the fact that they don't know how much people are still struggling. But now there's a challenger in the North. It's Ukip.
So expect, over the next few days, a panicked campaign by Ed Miliband and chums during which they'll call us names, hurl abuse, and try and scare voters away from us. Don't believe them.
I am the father of a non-religious soldier. I take it personally when a cretinous wackjob priest declares that my son is a coward lacking in commitment, damned, evil, and weak. Fuck you, Bryan Griem.
There's an adage I expect will be repeated by other ministers responding to this question. It goes, “there are no atheists in foxholes.” Meaning, when bombs burst, everyone hedges their bets and prays, “God, save me!” There's a joke about one combat vet who prayed “Lord, if you're there, I'll serve you and attend church every Sunday; just get me through.” The Air Force immediately comes and blasts everything, answering the man's prayer. He then looks up to heaven and says “never mind….”
I know that religious people have security that atheists don't. If you believe in life after life, you fight harder, risk more, and serve better than a guy who thinks, “this is it!” If you believe you're nothing but worm-food at death, you aren't going to jump on a grenade to save the platoon, or charge a machine-gun nest expecting to meet Jesus. You're going to be reserved, second-guessing, and probably be a big fat chicken.
Look, you just read the stats: “Researchers have found that spiritual people have decreased odds of attempting suicide, and that spiritual fitness has a positive impact on quality of life, on coping and on mental health.” Atheists be damned. They will be. So I really don't care what they think regarding these tests. I'm tired of having their constant nagging, their constant opposition against God — their evil. They contribute nothing positive in the long run. Their very name, “a” theist, means they are “against,” with a big “no” regarding America's “creator” and “Nature's God” (the one mentioned in our Declaration of Independence). I'm frankly sick of them. Why they are here on the In Theory cast is beyond me. It's like saying, “I have no spiritual input because I don't believe in the spirit. So here's my ignorance….”
I wonder what the military puts on gravestones of atheists, a thumbs-down? Listen, all religions are protected by our laws, but atheists don't countenance America's documents that mention God. They don't actually deserve rights that even bizarre religionists have. If it could be shown that people who deny God create military weakness, however small, what should commanders do when choosing a winning military? I agree with you.
The Pakistan army is questioning four more officers about suspected links with a banned extremist group that has called for the military to oust the country's government, the army spokesman said Wednesday.
A day earlier, the army said it detained a senior officer working at army headquarters, Brig Ali Khan, for suspected links with the group, Hizb-ut-Tahrir. The four army majors who are being questioned have not been detained, said army spokesman Maj Gen Athar Abbas.
Khan's lawyer, retired Col Inam Rahim, claimed his client was arrested for demanding that someone within the military be held accountable for the covert US Navy SEAL raid that killed Osama bin Laden last month in the army town of Abbottabad not far from Islamabad.
The raid humiliated the Pakistani military, which didn't know about it beforehand, and raised questions about how Osama could have lived in Abbottabad for five years without authorities knowing.
The Pakistan military has repeatedly denied that it supports extremist groups, and investigations into suspected militant sympathisers are usually conducted in secret. The army's decision to acknowledge it is investigating officers over links to Hizb-ut-Tahrir could be an attempt to counter Western suspicions that it tolerates bad actors within its ranks.
The army did not reveal the names of the four majors who are being questioned.
Hizb-ut-Tahrir is an Islamist organisation that wants to re-establish the caliphate, the administrative structure that once governed a large section of the Muslim world. It insists it has rejected violence, although observers say the group promotes an intolerant mindset that can ultimately lead some followers to embrace militancy.
Although it is banned in some countries, including Pakistan and parts of Central Asia, the group is active in Western countries such as the US, where it finds protection under free speech laws.
... contd.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Vidic already signed with Inter?
By Football Italia staff
Speculation in Italy is that Manchester United captain Nemanja Vidic has already put pen to paper on a two-year contract with Inter.
The centre-back has been increasingly linked with a move out to Serie A at the expiry of his contract, which last week he confirmed he will not be renewing with the Red Devils.
Rai Sport today suggest that a deal with the Nerazzurri has already been reached and signed off on, with the 32-year-old apparently committing to an initial two-year deal at San Siro.
It is believed that Vidic's contract will also hold an option for a third year and will see the Serbian collect €3.5m a year in wages.
Napoli and Juventus have both otherwise been linked with interest in the United centre-back.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
At a strip mall clogged with Ferraris and fashion boutiques, Beretta Gallery salesman Chris Cope shows me a framed photo of one of his best clients, an oilman posing next to a bounty of elephant tusks. In addition to selling massive safari rifles, this high-end Italian weapons emporium in the Dallas suburb of Highland Park supplies $130,000 Imperiale Montecarlo shotguns as well as petite .22s and chic, lockable handbags to conceal them. All told, it sells more firearms than any other Beretta outlet in the world. Last year, the store presented George W. Bush with a $250,000 shotgun engraved with the presidential seal, a picture of his Scotty dog, and “43” on the lever. The gun, which required more than a year to assemble, was a thank-you from Mr. Beretta for a military order of a half-million pistol.
It's fair to call 75205, the zip code for most of Highland Park, the most enthusiastically Republican enclave in the country. Among the two-dozen zip codes that donated the most money to candidates and political parties last year, 75205 gave the highest share—77 percent—to Republicans, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. It also gave Republicans more hard cash, $2.4 million, than all but four other zips nationwide. Affluent, insular, and intensely sure of itself, Highland Park is the red-state counterpart of, say, Berkeley. It's a place where, one native son half-jokes, friends might ask one another, “Do you want to come over for barbecue after we go vote for Mitt Romney?” People in the surrounding city of Dallas, where I grew up, call it the Bubble.
“We don't need the government to do things for us—that's why the town is very, very independent,” says Ray Washburne, a co-owner of the Highland Park Village mall and a native “Parkie.” In 2004, Washburne and George Seay III (pronounced “see”), a grandson of Texas' first 20th-century Republican governor, cofounded Legacy, a group of 200 families that “have been successful in their careers and want to be involved in the political process.” The group hosts aspiring GOP presidential candidates at a yearly summer retreat in Colorado, where they “network with other people who have been trying to push along the conservative, free-enterprise cause.” Washburne befriended former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty at an event in 2008 and later joined his short-lived presidential campaign.
Other big Republican donors here include the Hunt oil family, the children of Ross Perot, and venture capital heiress Dianne Cash, who bought Dick Cheney's Highland Park residence in 2000. Billionaire Robert Rowling, the owner of the Gold's Gym and Omni Hotel chains, gave, along with his holding company, $5 million to Karl Rove's super-PAC last year. Real estate mogul Harlan Crow often hosts party fundraisers at his $24 million spread. He's presented numerous gifts to Clarence Thomas, including funding for a library project dedicated to the Supreme Court justice, a bust of Abe Lincoln, and, according to Politico, $500,000 in seed money for Thomas' wife, Virginia, to start a tea party group.
It's no secret why Highland Park attracts so many rich conservatives. It has a prime location near Dallas' financial center and one of the lowest property tax rates in a state with no income tax. Yet it has one of the nation's best school systems and an average emergency response time of 2.5 minutes. “Highland Park is safe,” says Mary Bosworth, a local GOP precinct chair. “You call the fire department and they'll be there in three minutes, versus ‘Are you dead yet?' in Dallas.”
Wilbur David Cook, the urban planner who designed Beverly Hills, drew up the plan for Highland Park a few years before it was incorporated in 1913. One of the community's first (if factually dubious) slogans, “It's 10 degrees cooler in Highland Park,” reflected its attractiveness to the elite, as did its restrictions prohibiting property sales to minorities. A friend who is a descendant of one of Highland Park's founding families was discussing this history over lunch at Washburne's Mi Cocina restaurant when a black acquaintance, a successful loan broker, stopped by our table. Answering before I could ask, my friend said, “He does not live in Highland Park.”
No African Americans owned homes there until 2003, when mortgage officer Karen Watson purchased a house on ritzy Beverly Drive. “Guess who's coming to dinner—and staying for awhile?” wrote the local paper, Park Cities People. According to the 2010 census, Highland Park is 94.4 percent white (PDF). In 2005, Highland Park High School students celebrating “thug day” and “fiesta day” came to class dressed in Afro wigs and traditional Mexican dresses stuffed with pillows. (The previous year, some had celebrated “trailer trash day” by dressing as their teachers.) Lambasted as recently as last year for not admitting African Americans, Highland Park's 117-year-old Dallas Country Club revealed, after repeated calls, that it does in fact have black members but wouldn't say how many or when they joined. A Parkie friend whose family belongs to the club told me he has never seen a black member.
Over the years, the Highland Park police has been repeatedly accused of racial profiling. A 2007 report by the Texas Criminal Justice Coalition (PDF) found that the town's officers searched black drivers four times more often than whites. The cops are also known for stopping people who, as a former officer testified in a civil rights suit against the town, “did not blend in.” Daniel Kanter, a local Unitarian minister, believes he was pulled over because he drives a battered Toyota Corolla. “Beyond racial,” he says, “it's profiling by the make and model of your car.”
Defenders of the Bubble say it's unfair to brand it as exclusionary, self-absorbed, or materialistic. A friend cites the story of Charles E. Seay, a.k.a. “Big Charlie,” a self-made insurance millionaire and George Seay III's great-uncle. On a 1989 trip to Acapulco, Seay's van tumbled off a cliff but was caught by a lone madrona tree. Seay concluded that God had put him on earth for a purpose. By the time he died in 2009, he'd given away tens of millions of dollars to local hospitals, museums, and the YMCA. “Because he did, other people did too,” my friend said. Today, many big Highland Park social events are charity balls.
Of course, the Parkies would much rather comfort the afflicted than afflict the comfortable. In 2006, Garrison Keillor, host of the public radio program A Prairie Home Companion, visited the Highland Park United Methodist Church. “Within 10 minutes [I] was told by three people that this was the Bushes' church and that it would be better if I didn't talk about politics,” Keillor later wrote in an indignant op-ed. “I was there on a book tour for Homegrown Democrat, but they thought it better if I didn't mention it.”
As a senior at Highland Park High in the mid-'90s, Butler Looney hung out with the only black girl in class and grew his curly hair slightly longer than average. He thinks that's why his class voted him “Most Liberal.” (He later designed the seal for the George W. Bush Presidential Library.) “People in Berkeley are kind of the same,” says Looney, who, like me, eventually moved from Texas to the San Francisco Bay Area. “It's like, ‘I can't believe that you would associate with those other kinds.'” Yet he's not offended by liberal friends who diss his hometown or Parkies who can't comprehend why he left. “It's not out of malice. They just have no concept of the other side.”
James MacGibbon
THE time is July 1943 and the greatest tank battle in history, the Battle of Kursk, is under way in Russia.
It was to be the make or break battle between Germany and Russia. If successful, Germany would be well-positioned to make another attack on Moscow. But if Russia won, it would be the end of German ambitions in Russia.
The Russian defenders had a major advantage over the German military. The Soviet command had advance knowledge of the German battle plan.
This knowledge came from the military Enigma ciphers in the historic “Ultra” operation giving details of the German tank dispositions.
But the Enigma details were not provided by Churchill's government. It believed that Stalin's government might reveal the existence of the Ultra code-breaking operation.
In addition, there was a strong contingent of “White Russians” in Churchill's government hopeful that the Bolsheviks would be defeated by the Germans.
No, the key Enigma ciphers that proved so useful to the Russians in the Battle of Kursk came from one James MacGibbon operating as a freelance spy for the Soviets in the War Office in London.
His work as a Russian spy has prompted his son Hamish MacGibbon to write father's life story in Maverick Spy: Stalin's Super-Agent in World War II.
It's a gripping story, full of the skullduggery of the world of spies, quite up to the standard of a John le Carré tale.
It provides a detailed picture of MacGibbon's operations as a spy, both in London and later in Washington, and an exquisite portrait of how the British counter-espionage operated at the time.
The biography provides a picture of James MacGibbon's life in the round from early childhood and marriage to Jean Howard to his time as a spy and his long career as a publisher. They had an exceptionally wide circle of friends, authors, poets and artists, among them at one time Julian Trevelyan, Jessica Mitford, Hammond Innes, Colin MacInnes, Robert Shaw, Al Alvarez and Stevie Smith.
He's most remembered, of course, for launching the MacGibbon & Kee imprint that launched a variety of fiction and non-fiction books; he worked fruitfully for a variety of publishing companies after his firm was sold.
In the late 1960s, living in Gospel Oak and later in Kentish Town, he became a Labour alderman on Camden Borough Council.
Hamish MacGibbon, who has written the life story of his father, James MacGibbon
As chairman of the library committee, he presided over the opening of the central borough library and the Shaw Theatre, both constructed and owned by the council.
Throughout his long life – he died at the age of 86 – he was a keen yachtsman, sailing the oceans whenever the opportunity arose.
James MacGibbon was the most unlikely person to become a spy, the product of a prosperous, conventional Presbyterian family in Scotland.
He was a man of immense charm, full of vigorous humour, an excellent ballroom dancer, quite up to Strictly standards, as my wife can attest.
Not going to university, his interest in politics was pretty minimal until the 1933 burning of the Reichstag and the rise of Nazism.
More importantly, his political understanding was much enhanced through his marriage to Jean Howard, a clever woman who became a successful author of children's books.
Onset of the Spanish Civil War was the catalyst for political action. Like so many intellectuals determined to do something about that dreadful war, they joined the Communist Party.
Imminent war with Germany saw James joining up with the Royal Fusiliers, eventually moving to the War Office, joining its Military Operations section and learning of the refusal of the government to help Russia.
“James was outraged that we were not doing everything we could to help our only ally, the only country at that time waging all-out war against the Germans at the cost of massive losses day by day,” writes Hamish MacGibbon.
With daily access to information about German military dispositions, it was but a short step to becoming a spy, eventually a spy of major importance to Russia.
Hamish MacGibbon has unearthed that importance through study of the Moscow archives of the GRU, the Red Army's military intelligence unit.
Operating under the code name “Dolly”, James provided copious top secret information of huge military and diplomatic value.
The material probably included the German battle plans for the Battle of Kursk and the plans for D-Day, received by Stalin seven months before the Normandy invasion.
After the war ended, James became a priority suspect and was kept under surveillance by MI5 through mail and telephone interceptions for some years.
A bug was inserted in the family home so that MI5 officers could eavesdrop on James, his family and friends, recording their everyday lives and the trials and tribulations of James's fledgling publishing business.
Also, the MI5 officers overheard the MacGibbons worrying that his espionage activities might be revealed.
MI5's top interrogator William “Jim” Skardon, responsible for getting the atom spy Fuchs to confess, tried to get James to do the same.
But James did not crack as Fuchs did; he emerged from the interviews unscathed, thereby escaping arrest and prosecution, much to his satisfaction.
• Maverick Spy: Stalin's Super-Agent in World War II. By Hamish MacGibbon, LB Tauris, £20
Our political environment is now one where fact becomes fiction and fiction becomes fact. The election of Donald Trump has inaugurated a new age of anxiety for many within diverse communities in the United States, and also globally.
Hand-in-hand with these changes has been the rise of so-called 'alt-right' movements with strong online presences who have repeatedly and openly denigrated Muslims and refugee communities as part of their antagonism towards diversity within our societies.
Read more: Analaysis // With Trump and Bannon, the racist al-right moves into the White House | White supremacist Richard Spencer hails Trump's 'de-Judaification' of Holocaust | The European far right's charm offensive in Israel
At the center of this far-right thinking is the trope of Muslims as sexual predators: the contention that Muslims constitute a horde of marauding rapists who seek to wage war on Europe and take it over. These websites actively promote terms such as ‘rape jihad' to perpetuate the notion that Muslim men as a whole cannot be trusted and that they are fueled by a desire to spread Islam through rape and insemination. Subverting women's bodies, for political gain or personal gratification, is attributed solely to Muslims, rather than recognizing the sad truth that such abuse is clearly not the domain of one set of communities, let alone one faith group.
For those who consume toxic material like this, such extreme thinking about Muslims has further been ‘confirmed' through recent scandals in the United Kingdom, where males of Pakistani heritage were found to have been ‘grooming' young girls for sexual exploitation. Rather than seeing this detestable behavior through the lens of criminal gangs of men preying on vulnerable young girls, the focus of the extremist far right narrative has been on the idea that Islam itself indoctrinated young men to rape white women.
The spread of similar ideas, that Muslim men ‘cannot control their sexual urges for white women,' has been a key tool for 'alt-right' sites to radicalize young, vulnerable white men who find it hard to adapt to a changing global environment and are being left behind socially and educationally.
However, these corrosive, extremist narratives have also spread further online past the darkest corners of the web, to be adopted by more ‘mainstream' hard right social media activists and journalists. When White House news site favorite Breitbart and other more ‘respectable' 'alt-right' sites push this same ‘rape Jihad' narrative they not only exponentially grow the audience for these accusations (not least because of those sites' popularity with the 16-40 white male demographic) but spawn an ever-wider web of individual blog posts and cross-posted articles on them.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
But the 'alt-right' has gone one step further in its search to legitimize anti-Muslim bigotry. That step is the adoption of what they see as an ‘ethno-state' of kindred interests: Israel. Far right extremists (including alt-rightists and ultra-nationalists), have appropriated Israel as a country and identity that they vocally defend, as a means of agitating against Muslims and with the intention of defusing, even co-opting, support from Jews in Israel or abroad.
Yet, these same sites downplay or deny key elements of Jewish history, most glaringly the Holocaust, and simply use Israel as a symbolic firewall to cover their inherent hatred of diversity and pluralism within society.
Sadly, a handful of Jewish community members support such sites, narratives and groups, buying into the narrative that hostility to Muslims proves commitment to Israel's security: a version of my ‘enemy's enemy'. Such alliances are poisonous not only in themselves but because of their consequences for Jewish: Muslim relations.
The involvement of a handful of Jewish individuals in hateful anti-Muslim tropes play to small groups within Muslim communities who are already partial to anti-Semitic positions, from subtle to extreme views, and who exploit these alliances to prop up an idea of eternal enmity between Jews and Muslims with the Holy Land as proof text. This ‘tit for tat', or cumulative extremism, feeds itself.
I have had recent personal experience with this. For the past three years, I have been a trustee of the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust. The charity works diligently throughout the year in raising awareness across the U.K. about the Holocaust, and educates about other genocides, culminating in the Holocaust Memorial Day held on 27th January, the day that Auschwitz was liberated. This year, the Trust produced a video showcasing a survivor of the Holocaust; the script reflected on the need for all of us to stand up against the hatred, intolerance and prejudice targeting many communities in the U.K., including Muslim communities. A Muslim woman wearing hijab was pictured; she wore a yellow flower that some took to be in the shape of a star.
You can guess the rest, really. Responses from anti-Muslim bloggers and alt-right sites was swift, blaming two Muslim trustees, myself included, of ‘manipulating' the video to equate the Holocaust with anti-Muslim hate crimes, a charge so bizarre as to be laughable. However, this accusation was far from being an isolated incident; thanks to social media, this prejudice and bigotry, not to mention the aspersions cast on me, circulated wider and wider with no regard for the truth.
What at first seemed a claim too marginal to challenge, had become a libel that had gained far more traction. This has pushed me to set out the facts, once and for all. Firstly, I was not personally involved with producing or scripting the video, but I stand squarely with its intention to reach out to other communities, by demonstrating an empathy with them. I believe this is a welcome approach - to widen the circle of minority communities exposed to understanding the genocide of Jews in the Holocaust.
Secondly, I have never and would never equate the Holocaust with other genocides, let alone hate crimes, given the unique, mechanized and meticulously planned horrors of the Holocaust.
Thirdly, we should recognize how anti-Muslim conspiracist thinking is on a constant alert for any news or media hook, and it has a well-oiled mechanism for provoking antagonism specifically between the Muslim and Jewish communities. That conspiracist view even co-opts some of the tactics and accusations used by the far-right against Jews for centuries.
In this case, and in many others, alt-right extremist sites saw an opportunity to create a ‘them vs us' narrative out of a simple visual, to play to anti-Muslim tropes that manipulative Muslims are secretly promoting their own agenda. The transposed language of ‘manipulative Muslims' versus the ‘well-wishing but nave Jews' narrative is indeed familiar to all of us with even a passing understanding of the language of anti-Semitic conspiracy thinking. The core of the far-right's bigotry targets both Jewish and Muslim communities.
Let us be in no doubt that far-right and alt-right groups, especially online, will continue to try and drive a wedge between the Muslim and Jewish communities here in the U.K. and around the world. Spurious stories and articles based on pure conjecture and bigotry will continue to erupt from these websites, co-opting the fear of terrorism to collectively anathematize all Muslims. On the other side, Islamist extremist websites play up the card of religious war and a victimization narrative that they have co-opted deeply into the worldview of some.
It would indeed be a tragedy, if not a disaster, for coverage of the Middle East and of our minority communities at home to be appropriated by the alt-right with their message that Jews and Muslims are incapable of coexistence. That, not least in my experience as an activist for the Muslim community with years of experience of working with U.K. Jewish communities, is simply not true and frankly, the most dangerous form of fake news.
Fiyaz Mughal is the Director of Faith Matters www.faith-matters.org and the Founder of Tell MAMA. www.tellmamauk.org. He is also a trustee of the National Holocaust Memorial Day Trust.
W Ability Champion Rewind Shroud of Darkness Volley Smoke Screen Aria of Preseverance Hyper / Wallop Sentinel Vicious Strikes Defensive Ball Curl Bulwark Prismatic Barrier Safeguard / Iron Will Blood Thirst / Blood Price Paragon of Demacia Arise! Burnout Mega Adhesive Turtle Stance Living Shadow Pale Cascade Soul Furnace Distortion Ring of Frost Jack in The Box Wind Wall Move Quick Terror Capacitor Feint Zap! Void Rift Wither Aegis of Zeonia Burrow / Unburrow Crystallize Impure Shots Rune Prison Pick a Card Titan's Wrath Mocking Shout Remove Scurvy Rake
W Ability Champion Decoy Stand Behind Me Heightened Senses Brutal Strikes Dark Passage Frozen Domain Battle Cry Twilight Shroud Focused Resolve Pillar of Flame Despair Satchel Charge Nether Blade Meditate Tormented Soil Silver Bolts Shatter Nevermove Divine Blessing Ardent Blaze Blood Boil Flail of the Northern Winds Crippling Strike Dark Frenzy Zephyr Fox-Fire Ruthless Predator Hextech Micro-Rockets Drain Drunken Rage Rocket Jump Riposte Ricochet Unstable Matter Overdrive Courage Feral Scream Creeping Death Battle Roar Rampant Growth Spirit of Dread
Dave's Killer Bread comes to Los Angeles
The addictive bread (I know, I've gone through three loaves by myself since being introduced to it) stands out thanks to an exceptionally rich and chewy texture achieved through the use of whole, cracked and rolled grains, as well as extra fiber and lots of seeds.
Now, the bread, which comes in more than a dozen varieties, including the Good Seed, Blues Bread and Rockin' Rye, is available in Los Angeles at most Vons and Pavilions locations.
The hearty, organic bread was first launched at a Portland farmers market in 2005. The public response was swift and overwhelmingly positive. Since then the company has grown from 30 employees to 250 employees, with sales increasing from $3 million to $50 million.
"It's the Cadillac of breads," says its creator, Dave Dahl, sitting at Groundwork coffee during a recent trip to L.A. with his team. "I hope someone doesn't make the Corvette of breads."
Dahl is a big man, with long hair and large biceps. Bread is the family business, but Dahl came to it the hard way, having served a total of 15 years in prison for burglary, armed robbery and drug dealing.
Dahl's father, James, was a pioneer in the healthy bread business, having opened NatureBake bakery in 1969 (before that he ran a bakery called Midway). Dave's brother, Glenn, and Glenn's son Shobi were running the business when Dave got out of prison for the last time in 2004. Dave had finally decided that he wanted to change his life. He asked for help, got on medication and vowed to contribute to the world in a positive way.
For him this meant baking. He had no real life to speak of at the time so he threw himself into dough, experimenting with recipes and eventually perfecting them into what would become the first four varieties of Dave's Killer Bread.
"I became addicted to work," says Dave, who has a gentle voice and warm eyes. "Entrepreneurship is about getting passionate and doing whatever you need to do to work it out and to do it honestly."
He points to a loaf of bread on the table in front of him.
"This is Good Seed, it's my personal favorite," he says. "It's significant because of my life change. People ask me how long it took me to perfect the bread and I say I was 43 years old at the time, so it took me 43 years."
The slogan for Dave's Killer Bread is, "Just say no to bread on drugs," which people often think has to do with Dave's checkered past. But Dave says it really has to do with the fact that the bread is organic.
Despite his success, Dave hasn't forgotten the turmoil he went through to achieve it. That's why a third of his employees are ex-felons, a move that earned the company an Oregon Ethics in Business Award in 2011.
"I want to see other people turn their lives around," says Dave. "It's exponential, it improves the whole world. I hope I can help inspire people to do what I've done. Plus it's been a good move. These people are appreciative and they become great workers."
ALSO:
Taking BYOB to the next level
Dinner Tonight! Beer-baked mac 'n' cheese
Carl's Jr. launches new cod sandwich commercial with swimsuit model
The Jamaica Gleaner, Via Associated Press and Reuters
On Thursday evening, Christopher Coke, the leader of Jamaica's powerful Shower Posse gang, was paraded before the cameras in handcuffs by federal agents in New York, after his long-delayed extradition on gun and drug charges.
For Mr. Coke, who is known as Dudus, this photo-op was perhaps less humiliating than the mug shot of him released days earlier by Jamaican police, showing him in the woman's wig the authorities said he was wearing when he was captured at the end of a bloody manhunt that lasted more than a month and claimed dozens of lives.
As my colleagues Marc Lacey and Kareem Fahim explained:
A booking photograph of Mr. Coke, who is balding and usually wears a beard, showed him closely shaved and with a full Afro, albeit a fake one, stuffed inside a black baseball hat. The police told The Jamaica Observer newspaper that a pink wig had also been found in the car he was in, as well as women's glasses.
Given that government forces in other parts of the world like Iran and Pakistan have tried to discredit male rebels or dissidents by claiming that they hid in women's clothing, it is hard to say for sure if the wigs were indeed part of Mr. Coke's disguise. But The Jamaica Observer's Chat magazine reported that the authorities went to town with the allegation in this case:
“We could not believe that the big don had a pink wig in his car! Pink! We were in shock,” a police source told Chat! yesterday, between bouts of uncontrollable laughter. “We still in shock. Maybe that is why he was able to stay in hiding for so long, because people looking for a man but he was really a ‘woman!'”
Chat also reported that the country's police commissioner, Owen Ellington, said last month that some of the suspected gang members killed defending Mr. Coke near his stronghold in the capital “were dressed in female attire, indicating that members of the West Kingston militia which engaged the security forces in battle disguised themselves as women.”
On Thursday night, Annie Paul, a Jamaican critic and blogger observed, “In Jamaica farce, intrigue and tragedy remain inextricably intertwined.”
Of Mr. Coke's supposed disguise, she wrote:
We're told that he was being escorted by charismatic preacher Rev. Al Miller to the U.S. Embassy in an abortive attempt at surrendering to American authorities who were clamoring for his extradition. We're also informed that he was sporting a curly black woman's wig when the police stopped the car and that he thanked them for sparing his life. These are titillating details, but who knows if we'll ever know the whole truth? […] In a matter of weeks Coke has gone from being the most feared gang leader or strongman in Jamaica to a figure of scorn and ridicule after police released photos of him wearing a wig and looking like an earnest church-going matron. Many are convinced that the police deliberately placed the wig on his head before photographing him in order to humiliate him and raise doubts about the awesome powers he is supposed to possess.
Ms. Paul also pointed to a comment on Facebook by Kei Miller, a Jamaican poet and novelist, who wrote that the allegations of cross-dressing reminded him of a 1990s Reggae hit, “Bad Man Nuh Dress Like Girl.” Mr. Miller explained:
It's not always easy to fire family. But it's easier when that family is leaving insults on customers' receipts.
At the Stars Bar & Grill in Warwick, Rhode Island, customer Dillon Arnold was on the patio as he got his bill, when he noticed that the waiter had entered in his name as "Fatty" on the receipt.
Needless to say, he was not pleased, and posted the receipt on his Facebook account to express his frustration (he has since removed the post).
Owner Tony Ambrosio told local news station WJAR that upon learning the rude waiter in question was his son, he fired him on the spot. He added that his son is no longer allowed on restaurant property.
A screenshot of Arnold's Facebook post. Image: Facebook
"I'll never go to All Stars on Airport Road again. I usually don't care, but this bs got me offended," Arnold's post had read. "[The server] legit id me as 'fatty' then he wouldn't admit it. They lost mine and my friends [sic] business."
WJAR also reported that Ambrosio offered a full apology on their Facebook page, but it doesn't appear to be there anymore. The restaurant commented on a separate post to say the son also posted an apology for the incident, but deactivated his Facebook account after getting threats.
[H/T: Uproxx]
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Cricket: We'll go for win on final day, says Dhawan
Cricket: We'll go for win on final day, says Dhawan
India will push for victory on the final day of the rain-hit first Test against Sri Lanka, Shikhar Dhawan said Sunday after he combined with fellow opener Lokesh Rahul to help the hosts fight back on day four.
The pair hit fluent half-centuries during their 166-run stand as India ended the day on 171-1, leading by 49 after wiping out a 122-run first-innings deficit in Kolkata.
Dhawan was eventually caught behind off paceman Dasun Shanaka for 94. Cheteshwar Pujara, on two, was batting alongside Rahul, on 73, when bad light stopped play.
"Feeling good and bad both. Of course it's disappointing when you're so close to the century and miss out. But we've made a game of this, so I'm happy," said Dhawan.
"We're going to be positive tomorrow and try to make a match of it. We're going to go for it," the left-hander added.
Rangana Herath's 67 had helped steer the visitors to 294 in response to India's 172.
But Rahul and Dhawan made batting look easy on a sunny afternoon -- a welcome change from the rainy start on the first two days -- to keep the Sri Lankan attack at bay.
The in-form Rahul registered his ninth score of 50-plus in the last 11 innings. He got strong support from Dhawan, who recorded his fourth Test fifty.
The two batsmen smashed 19 boundaries between them, including two sixes from Dhawan, forcing Sri Lanka skipper Dinesh Chandimal to juggle his bowling options.
Shanaka, with little time left until stumps, denied Dhawan what would have been his seventh Test a hundred in his 27th match.
- 'Credit to fast bowlers' -
Earlier Sri Lanka, who started the day on 165-4, suffered a middle-order stutter before Herath starred in stubborn partnerships against a persistent pace attack.
The left-hander, Sri Lanka's premier spin bowler, showed great resolve during his knock which lasted 105 balls and included nine boundaries.
Herath, who registered his third Test fifty, finally fell to paceman Bhuvneshwar Kumar after mistiming and slicing to deep point.
"I wanted to play the shots and stay positive. The credit should go to fast bowlers of both teams. Compared to the first two days, today was much better to bat on and that's why we were able to go on and take a lead," Herath told reporters.
"Compared to the first two days of the match, this is a much better wicket to bat on. We have got one more day to go and will see what happens," the 39-year-old said.
Fast bowler Mohammed Shami dismissed both overnight batsmen, Niroshan Dickwella and Chandimal, to check Sri Lanka's progress in the morning.
Wicketkeeper-batsman Dickwella, who made 35, and Chandimal, 28, had scored briskly to extend their partnership to 62.
Kumar and Shami claimed four wickets each while third seamer Umesh Yadav chipped in with two.
The visitors are seeking their first Test win on Indian soil in the three-match series.
A pro-Israel demonstrators wave flags, toward the Capitol in Washington, March 3, 2015, as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed a joint meeting of Congress.
Most American Jews want Congress to approve the deal reached between world powers and Iran over its nuclear program, a poll released on Thursday showed.
According to the poll, sponsored by the L.A. Jewish Journal, 53 percent of those surveyed said Congress should approve the deal, while 35 percent said Congress should oppose it, compared to 41 percent and 38 percent, respectively, in the general population.
In answer to the direct question "Do you support or oppose the Iran deal," however, 49 percent answered in the affirmative to 31 percent against.
According to the L.A. Journal, the survey's results reflect a significant divide between the positions of most of the main Jewish groups, such as AIPAC and many Jewish Federations, and the majority of U.S. Jews.
According to officials in the pro-Israel camp, AIPAC will deploy about 300 lobbyists on Capitol Hill next week to try to convince lawmakers, especially undecided Democrats, to vote against the deal.
The Journal also pointed out that the survey's results reflect a divide between U.S. and Israeli Jews, most of which are opposed to the deal.
While support for the deal did not vary much across various age groups, the survey found a ten point margin between supporters of the deal who have been to Israel and those who haven't: Among the former, 48 percent were in favor of Congress approving the deal, with 58 percent among the latter.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Under a bill reluctantly signed into law by Obama in May, Congress has until Sept. 17 to decide whether to approve or reject the agreement between Iran and world powers to rein in Iran's nuclear program in return for sanctions relief.
Three little fish...
Disclaimer: Work on this in the Norwegian government has been going on for years. I worked on this for four months, producing a 45-page report. This blog posting oversimplifies most of the way through in the interests of brevity. The full report is here, and if you can read Norwegian you can post your feedback in the form on that page.
Ever since ODF and OOXML burst onto the scene in ISO SC34 I've tried to avoid getting pulled into the mess. I was quite successful at this for several years, until one day one our managers at Bouvet suggested we bid for a contract to write a report for the Norwegian government (strictly speaking, the Agency for Public Management and eGovernment (Difi)). The report was about whether to recommend/require ODF and/or OOXML in the Norwegian public sector. I couldn't come up with any valid excuses for not doing it, and so we sent in a bid, and in the end won the contract.
The context of the report is that in Norway the government issues a reference catalogue listing the standards that the public sector is required or recommended using within various usage areas. Earlier versions of the catalogue required use of ODF in two usage areas, and listed OOXML as being "under observation". So for publication of editable documents on public web sites ODF has been the required format in Norway for a while now. (Note the word "editable"; documents which are not meant to be edited by the recipient must be published in either HTML or PDF.)
My task was to take into account recent developments in the field and make recommendations for how the report should be updated with regards to four specific areas of usage. Basically, this meant following up the "under observation" part. Should the catalogue also make OOXML required or recommended for some of these areas? Or something else entirely?
Method
Approaching a task like this was not easy. What recommendations would make sense? And how to justify them? What does the Norwegian public sector actually need? That last question gave me a place to start. If I could put together some use cases that should show me what functionality users would need. I could then check the description of that functionality in the standards, and also do some testing to see if interchange of documents using this functionality would work in practice.
So this is what I did. I came up with a small set of use cases for each of the usage areas. Very briefly, it goes like this:
Web publishing #1: Forms (fill out, send in electronically) #2: Templates (proposed templates for various kinds of documents) #3: Contracts (proposed standard contracts, to be edited)
Attachments to emails from public sector to private #4: Forms (receive via email, this time) #5: Contract writing (with a private-sector supplier, for example)
Attachments to emails within public sector #6: Collaborative authoring #7: Interchange of budget data
The list was produced through interviews with colleagues and various representatives from the public sector. I realize the list is very short, but remember that most documents are not meant to be edited by the recipient, and for these documents the public sector is required to use HTML or PDF. Note also that, as you'll see, adding more use cases is very unlikely to change the final conclusion.
From these scenarios I then drew up a short list of the necessary functionality:
Basic formatting (paragraphs, lists, tables, etc; all use cases)
Change tracking (#5 and #6)
Comments (#5 and #6)
Spreadsheets with formulas (#7)
Spreadsheets with macros (#7)
Forms (protected against editing with a password; #1, #2, and #4)
Sunset on Canary Wharf
The specs themselves
Now, I was asked to consider two specifications only: ECMA-376:2006, which is the very first OOXML standard (not the one later published by ISO), and ODF 1.1. Together these two documents run to 6783 pages, which was a bit much for me to digest and consider in the limited number of hours I had at my disposal. I therefore decided to focus on the specification of the specific functionalities in the list above (except the first one), and to look for general reports of problems in the two specifications to get a feel for the quality of each.
For ODF 1.1 the results were basically as follows:
General quality Lots of errors, and quite a few holes where things basically are not specified at all. The mistakes I found were mostly minor (that is, very limited in scope). Change tracking The handling of change tracking in running text is quite fair, but doesn't seem to be complete. Change tracking in tables, lists, formulas, etc is missing. Comment Looks perfectly fine to me. I'm not sure about the parts that describe how comments are placed, but then no-one seems to implement that, anyway, and positioning of comments is not that important. Spreadsheets with formulas This was my first surprise. The specification of formulas just isn't there. Section 8.1.3 of the spec discusses formulas, but is very vague. There's no formal grammar, no list of functions, no list of datatypes, and no evaluation model. Basically, it says formulas should start with "a namespace prefix", then "=", and has some informal prose on how to refer to cells and ranges. That's all. Spreadsheets with macros This didn't really come as a surprise: no macro language or API for macros is defined. There's a defined place to put the macros, an attribute for saying what language you used, and various bits of documents have places where you can put event handlers, but that's all. Forms There's a fairly big and detailed section on forms with various types of controls and so on. To my surprise, there are even mechanisms for connecting this to databases (not relevant for our purposes, but interesting, anyway). There's also a mechanism for making a section of a document read-only, and to do it you put a hash of the password into an attribute. Unfortunately, nothing is said about how to produce the hash, which rather reduces the value of the mechanism.
For OOXML the results were like this:
General quality As everyone knows there are lots of errors and mistakes in the ECMA-376:2006 specification. Even the RELAX-NG schemas that come with it turned out to have syntax errors in them. Change tracking OOXML spends 120 pages on this, a lot of them duplicated. The functionality is very detailed, going into table changes, formatting changes, list numbering changes, etc etc. I couldn't digest it all, but as far as I could tell it was solid. Comments Perfectly fine. Spreadsheets with formulas People have made much of the date problem (no pre-1900 dates, 1900 is incorrectly specified as a leap year), but this part of the spec is mostly quite solid, and the date problem does not appear to be very relevant for the public sector. There is a formal grammar, datatypes, function definitions, etc etc. Yes, there are errors and so on, but at least it's specified in full detail. Spreadsheets with macros Essentially the same as for ODF: not specified. Forms This is described in extensive detail in the spec. The XML modelling of forms looks like it's a direct translation from the original binary format (which it probably is), so it's not exactly beautiful, but as far as I can tell everything you need is there and fully specified. The read-only protection mechanism is fairly complicated (because it's connected with the encryption mechanism), but again looks fully specified.
In short: ODF 1.1 has a huge gaping hole in it as far as spreadsheets are concerned and is full of errors and omissions. ECMA-376 appears to have all the necessary functionality, but is also full of errors. I made no attempt to judge which of the two has the greater density of errors.
Both specifications also have stability issues, although this is worse in the case of OOXML than for ODF.
The implementations
Wikipedia lists a good number of implementations for both formats, so I picked the ones that, as far as I know, have a reasonable set of functionality. Then, for OOXML I considered those which could write OOXML, and for ODF those which could write ODF. Interestingly, there was a reasonable number of each, and for both formats there was a choice of more than 2 implementations on each of the Linux, Mac, and Windows platforms.
In theory it therefore looked like both formats could be used. If, that is, the tools really supported the formats well enough. The only way to verify that was by testing. I made very simple test documents for each of the functionalities listed above in the reference implementation (MS Office for OOXML, OpenOffice for ODF), then opened these in the other tools. If successful, I would make some changes, save to a new file, and open in the reference tool again.
The results were downright depressing. For OOXML, in most cases none of the tools came up with usable results. For change tracking NeoOffice actually worked. And for spreadsheets NeoOffice and Gnumeric both worked fine. (IBM Lotus Symphony and Google Docs also read the spreadsheets correctly, but they can't write OOXML.)
For ODF, in most cases only IBM Lotus Symphony (which is really a fork of OpenOffice) was successful. For comments Microsoft Office (!) and AbiWord also got it right. For spreadsheets the latest Gnumeric for Windows also got it right.
In short, if you want to use ODF or OOXML today, then apparently for OOXML you must use Microsoft Office and for ODF you must use OpenOffice or IBM Lotus Symphony. Or, alternatively, you can use another tool and do lots of manual cleaning up.
I realize that the testing I describe here is very superficial, and I would not on the basis of this testing have made the claim that interchange between tools works. But most of these very, very simple tests failed. My conclusion is that if not even the simplest cases work then real documents are definitely not going to work.
Field, Flåm, Norway
Conclusion
By now I guess the conclusion should be obvious. I couldn't recommend either format. Both specs are of very low quality, and for neither format do you have much of a choice of tools. For the public sector this would essentially mean having to agree not on a format, but on a single tool to be used sector-wide. The purpose of creating standards should be to achieve interoperability, but in this case that just hasn't happened yet.
Having said that, ODF 1.2 looks like it will satisfy nearly all the shortcomings with ODF 1.1 that my report identifies. Similarly, it looks like the next OOXML version (ISO/IEC 29500:2008 amendment 1) will solve most of the OOXML issues. If the implementors follow up and improve their converters things will look much brighter. Unfortunately, this is going to take a couple of years.
So my conclusion in the report is that both standards should be listed as "under observation" for all usage areas.
(Note that this describes version 0.9 of the report. Version 1.0 is due within a month. Feedback over the next week or so is very much welcome.)
Now what?
If previous experience with the OOXML/ODF war is any guide, now follows the part where lots of people get very upset. That's life, I guess.
I went to this job with a genuinely open mind, curious about what I would find, and was really disappointed with the outcome. I knew the specs had problems, but I really thought they were better than this. That the tools were as poor as they are come as an even bigger surprise. In the end, given the results I got I really had no choice about the conclusion.
Calculus
In general, "a" calculus is an abstract theory developed in a purely formal way.
"The" calculus, more properly called analysis (or real analysis or, in older literature, infinitesimal analysis), is the branch of mathematics studying the rate of change of quantities (which can be interpreted as slopes of curves) and the length, area, and volume of objects. The calculus is sometimes divided into differential and integral calculus, concerned with derivatives
and integrals
respectively.
While ideas related to calculus had been known for some time (Archimedes' method of exhaustion was a form of calculus), it was not until the independent work of Newton and Leibniz that the modern elegant tools and ideas of calculus were developed. Even so, many years elapsed until the subject was put on a mathematically rigorous footing by mathematicians such as Weierstrass.
A South Florida man who threw a water balloon at a nurse in a hospital hallway is facing a battery charge, authorities said. Kevin Bain, 34, was arrested Thursday following the incident at Pembroke Memorial Clinic in Hollywood. (Published Friday, Feb. 27, 2015)
A South Florida man who threw a water balloon at a nurse in a hospital hallway is facing a battery charge, authorities said.
Kevin Bain, 34, was arrested Thursday following the incident at Pembroke Memorial Clinic in Hollywood. He appeared in court Friday before Broward Judge John Hurley where he was ordered held on $1,000 bond.
"An unusual set of circumstances," Hurley said of the case.
It was unknown whether the nurse was injured but Bain's attorney said the alleged crime was "on the low end" of the battery spectrum.
"If one knew that the only thing in that balloon was water, and you were at a picnic or out at a park, I would say yes, but being a nurse walking down the hallway of an active hospital, having a 34-year-old man throw something at her that got her wet, I would say that could be concerning because you don't know what's in that liquid, you don't know what was in that balloon," Hurley said.
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel , Vodafone, Reliance Jio Infocomm and five other telecom firms will battle it out at the spectrum auction tomorrow, from which the government expects to garner at least Rs 11,300 crore.The department of telecom has put on the block around 385 MHz of radiowaves in the 1800 MHz band, and 46 MHz in the 900 MHz band.DoT has reduced the quantum of spectrum to be sold in 1800 MHz band in 10 circles, including Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai, from about a total of 403 MHz planned earlier.The final list of bidders also includes Idea Cellular , Telewings (Uninor), Reliance Communications (RCom), Tata Teleservices and Aircel.Three companies, meanwhile, have been found to be ineligible for bidding in certain service areas. Vodafone India will not be able to bid in seven circles, RCom in eight and Tata Teleservices in Delhi.The government has to conduct this third round of spectrum auction following a Supreme Court order in 2G case directing that all the radiowaves freed from the cancellation of 122 licences in February 2012 should be auctioned.Besides, 900 Mhz has to be auctioned as some of the radiowaves in this band are held under old telecom licences which will start expiring from November 2014.In November 2012, bids worth Rs 9,407 crore were received for spectrum worth Rs 28,000 that was offered.In March 2013, no GSM operators bid at the auction and only CDMA operator Sistema Shyam bought spectrum of about Rs 3,600 crore in eight of the 21 service areas.It must for Vodafone to get spectrum in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata; for Airtel in Delhi and Mumbai, and Loop Mobile in Mumbai for continuing operations because their licences are expiring in November.Government has fixed the base price for sale of spectrum in the 1800 Mhz band for pan-India at Rs 1,765 crore per MHz, about 26 per cent lower than in the March sale.For 900 MHz band, the base price is 53 per cent lower than the previous auction price. It is Rs 360 crore per MHz for Delhi, Rs 328 crore for Mumbai and Rs 125 crore for Kolkata.The government is hopeful that all the spectrum put on auction table would be sold out."We are very confident that these auctions are going to be successful and we are very confident all the spectrum that is to be auctioned will be sold," Telecom Secretary MF Farooqui had said.
South Korean cosmetics are becoming
sought-out wedding gifts in the North as the popular Hallyu (South Korean pop
culture) culture seeps into the fabric of North Korean society, Daily NK has
learned.
“Unlike the era when I got married,
nowadays people think you need to have products from the South in wedding gifts (that are offered to each other's families) in order for people to think
that you're getting married to a well-off household, so South Korean goods are
very popular,” a source from Yanggang Province recently told Daily NK in a
telephone conversation.
This trend was confirmed by an additional
source in South Hamgyong Province.
Added the source, “A lot of people go around looking for
South Korean goods through people they know or at the market. People say that if none of the gifts are from the South, the
families exchanging the goods are disappointed.”
In the case of the bride, friends commonly
rank the household the woman is marrying into based on where the cosmetics
gifted by the groom come from. Preferences for South Korean products overwhelmingly top the list, while Chinese and domestic cosmetics vie for second place depending on the specific product in question.
Illicitly sold cosmetics such as lotion and
skin toners from the popular South Korean brand Unifiance (pictured at top) fetch around 180,000 KPW (21 USD) each;
Products from Eunhasu (Milky Way), a North Korean brand, come in full sets but only cost
130,000 KPW (15 USD) for the whole lot, just like the domestic Eunhwasu equivalent.
As in many parts of the world, fall is wedding season in North Korea, meaning that those able to afford them are on the hunt for South Korean beauty products north of the border.
“Brides' families that receive gift boxes
with South Korean goods during the engagement ceremony try to make sure they
can be on equal footing by buying electronics from the South (to give to the
groom),” the source explained.
This trend has become more prominent with
the rise of Hallyu within the North and the notion that South Korean products
symbolize affluence. Goods from the South are subject to crackdowns from
authorities, so they cannot be bought openly in the marketplace, but through
personal connections with traders, people are still able to purchase them, said
the source.
The popularity of goods from the South make
brides and grooms that have family members across the border more attractive as
partners, she said, noting, “People really envy those who have family in the
South because they can receive hanbok (traditional Korean attire) and most
other wedding gifts from South Korea.”
Facing a looming federal default, the House GOP leadership will meet with President Barack Obama at the White House on Thursday in a bid to resolve the budget deadlock that has shut down much of government for more than nine days.
Word of the meeting came after House Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor and met with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and her fellow Democrat Steny Hoyer of Maryland.
"Reps. Pelosi and Hoyer asked for the meeting, and as we've stated publicly, we're willing to meet with any Democratic leader who is willing to talk," said Michael Steele, a spokesman for Boehner, R-Ohio.
Earlier, administration officials said President Barack Obama is making plans to talk with Republican lawmakers at the White House in the coming days as pressure builds on both sides to resolve their deadlock over the federal debt limit and the partial government shutdown.
With the shutdown in its ninth day Wednesday and a potential economy-shaking federal default edging ever closer, neither side was revealing clear signs of bending.
By Melissa Dykes
I know, I know, this really hinders your Kuwait travel plans.
In the first law of its kind anywhere in the world, Kuwait has decided it will not only “DNA tag” everyone presently in the country as part of a new “integrated security database,” but all tourists will be required to submit a DNA test before they can even enter the country.
Facilities for blood and saliva collection will be set up at the Kuwait International Airport, and there will be “consequences of rejecting” these procedures which the Kuwaiti government says it is putting in place in order to track everyone just in case someone commits a crime.
While it sounds like an Orwellian nightmare, the reality is this is slowly creeping up on us everywhere. Central banks are going to start requiring biometrics for identification, for your security they say. Japan has already announced that all tourists will be required to use their fingerprints as currency while in the country. India has forced biometric IDs on its entire population. In fact, the United Nations is pushing for universal biometric ID cards for every single man, woman, and child on the planet by 2030.
Can you imagine the TSA DNA tagging you before you get on a plane in America? Can't you see it being justified “for your safety”?
Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa also co-founded Nutritional Anarchy with Daisy Luther of The Organic Prepper, a site focused on resistance through food self-sufficiency. Wake the flock up!
HONG KONG — Han Dong was operating a crane in China's rust belt last August when he heard about a chance to make it big in America.
Local recruiters told him he could make as much as $2,900 a month, or nearly four times the average wage in China — and could even eventually apply for an American green card.
Instead, Mr. Han said, he ended up working on the construction site of a casino on Saipan, part of an American commonwealth in the Pacific Ocean, where federal officials are investigating working conditions at a project managed by Chinese construction firms. An American green card, which would allow him to be employed legally there or anywhere in the United States, no longer appears very likely.
“They tricked us to come here,” Mr. Han said of the agents that transported him to Saipan, where he put up scaffolding for 12 hours a day in the tropical heat. Before the fees he paid out to middlemen to get hired, he made only half what he was promised, he said.
The Central Intelligence Agency has asked for authority to destroy email messages sent by non-senior officials of the Agency. The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) has tentatively approved the proposal.
In an August 18 appraisal of the CIA request, Meredith Scheiber of NARA wrote that any permanently valuable material in the emails would almost certainly be captured in other permanent CIA records.
“It is unlikely that permanent records will be found in these email accounts that is not filed in other appropriate files appraised as permanent,” the appraisal said.
“There are multiple records systems to capture the actions and decisions of employees and multiple internal controls in place in the event an employee was engaged in malicious activities.”
Any “remaining email not captured in other recordkeeping systems is routine or administrative in nature; transitory; or personal in nature.”
The NARA appraisal of the CIA proposal noted in passing that “The Agency's current email policy is to print and file” rather than to save permanently valuable email in softcopy format.
“The average career of an Agency employee is 22 years,” the NARA appraisal also observed.
The CIA proposal for email disposal authority and the accompanying NARA appraisal were announced for public comment in the Federal Register on September 17.
Before this year's summer season premiered ANN readers and Japanese anime fans alike agreed that Durarara!!×2 Ten was the show to watch. The season is now a month in and Japanese fans have lost some of their excitement and instead are tuning to the zombie anime School-Live! The change is impressive; School-Live! didn't rank at all before the series began.
In second place is the over-the-top sex comedy Prison School, jumping from seventh place. Both shows placed in ANN's poll although much lower at 12 (Prison School) and 19 (School-Live!). Durarara!!×2 Ten takes up third place although it is still the most popular show among women. Other noticeable changes: Dragon Ball Super and the latest Hetalia series are completely absent from the results,
The Summer 2015 Anime Series Viewers Are Still Looking Forward to Each Week
School-Live! 1222 votes Prison School 1216 votes Durarara!!×2 Ten 1133 votes Charlotte 1102 votes WORKING!!! 932 votes Snow White with the Red Hair 912 votes Non Non Biyori Repeat 826 votes The [email protected] Cinderella Girls 816 votes Rampo Kitan: Game of Laplace 699 votes Himōto! Umaru-chan 676 votes Gate 628 votes SHIMONETA: A Boring World Where the Concept of Dirty Jokes Doesn't Exist 622 votes Aoharu x Machinegun 617 votes Junjō Romantica 3 550 votes GANGSTA. 536 votes Castle Town Dandelion 508 votes To Love Ru: Darkness 409 votes Ushio & Tora 374 votes Overlord 367 votes Rokka: Braves of the Six Flowers 354 votes
The Summer 2015 Anime Series Viewers Are Still Looking Forward to Each Week (Women)
Durarara!!×2 Ten 807 Snow White with the Red Hair 714 votes WORKING !!! 543 votes Aoharu x Machinegun 539 votes Junjō Romantica 3 538 votes Prison School 515 votes School-Live! 456 votes Rampo Kitan: Game of Laplace 429 votes GANGSTA. 383 votes Charlotte 314 votes
The Summer 2015 Anime Series Viewers Are Still Looking Forward to Each Week (Men)
Charlotte 788 votes School-Live! 766 votes Non Non Biyori Repeat 746 votes Prison School 701 votes The [email protected] Cinderella Girls 580 votes Gate 559 votes Himōto! Umaru-chan 478 votes SHIMONETA: A Boring World Where the Concept of Dirty Jokes Doesn't Exist 444 votes Castle Town Dandelion 441 votes WORKING !!! 389 votes
How are ANN readers holding out? Is Durarara!!×2 Ten still your top pick or has another series taken its place? Let us know in the poll!
SHARE Click image to enlarge.
By of the
Madison - The state would turn down a full expansion of the BadgerCare program under the federal health care law, but 224,600 more state residents would still gain coverage as the law takes effect, under a proposal unveiled Wednesday by Gov. Scott Walker.
Speaking to an audience of hundreds at a meeting here of business lobby Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce, Walker said his plan would cover somewhat fewer people than a full expansion of Medicaid as provided under the federal health care law, which he said would cover 252,700 people, or 28,100 more than his own approach. But the Republican governor said that his proposal, which shrinks state health programs by a few thousand patients, would reduce the role of government in people's lives and make them more independent.
"Some people will portray this as not caring about people. I think it's just the opposite. I care too much about the people of this state not to empower them to control their own destiny," Walker told the audience.
The governor's plan involves allowing extremely poor adults without dependent children to enroll in BadgerCare while shifting those adults in the program with somewhat higher incomes into a federal marketplace scheduled to debut in 2014. His plan would not add to Medicaid spending, but would also forgo the short-term savings in the program that the state would realize if it did a full expansion, the governor said.
Walker said that the state would not force people out of Medicaid if the exchange fails to start on time in January.
Democrats and advocates for the uninsured said Walker should have chosen to expand Medicaid by taking the full federal funding that is being offered for three years under the federal health care law.
U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, a La Crosse Democrat who sits on the House Ways and Means Committee, said that the federal money was in place and Walker was "putting politics before people in Wisconsin."
"I do not foresee a better deal being offered to Wisconsin or any other state in our lifetime," Kind said.
Walker's health secretary, Dennis Smith, said in a conference call with reporters that the changes would not be applied to the elderly and disabled who are served by Medicaid but would be put in place for those who qualify for the program based on income.
The changes would mean an estimated 87,000 people would be dropped from Medicaid and have to get insurance from the exchanges. At the same time, projections show 82,000 who currently don't qualify for Medicaid would become eligible for the program.
The net result is that the state would provide Medicaid to 5,000 fewer people, according to the estimates. But over the next two years, state taxpayers would have to put an additional $650 million into Medicaid because of rising costs, Smith said.
He said the changes would ensure that the state was providing services for the most needy while allowing others to access insurance through the exchanges. The proposal needs to be approved by lawmakers and signed into law by Walker, and then approved by federal authorities. Smith said he was confident the federal government would sign off on it, given its past guidance.
Sen. Alberta Darling (R-River Hills), co-chair of the Joint Finance Committee, said Walker was taking the right approach. She said she worries federal money now available for a Medicaid expansion could be withdrawn in future years.
"There's no certainty with the federal government," she said.
Jon Peacock, research director of the Wisconsin Council on Children and Families, said Walker was taking credit for the federal government's expansion of coverage.
He said the governor's proposal would push tens of thousands of Medicaid recipients into the private insurance marketplaces being set up under the federal health care law. Peacock said he feared some of those adults wouldn't have enough income to buy coverage through the federal system and would lose their health care.
A single person with income at the poverty level set by the federal government - $11,490 a year - would pay a maximum premium of $228 - or $19 a month - for the coverage through the exchanges. A family of four with income just above the poverty level - $23,550 - would pay a premium of up to $468.
Walker said last year that the state would not seek to partner with the federal government in setting up those marketplaces, known as exchanges, in Wisconsin. The governor said Wednesday that the proponents of those same exchanges shouldn't complain if he turns to them now.
"Nineteen dollars a month isn't an unreasonable amount," Walker said. "Any reasonable conclusion shows that it's extremely affordable."
Assembly Speaker Robin Vos (R-Rochester) said he shared Walker's skepticism of a Medicaid expansion and how much money the federal government might provide for it.
"I have always been very leery about taking a promise from the federal government at face value," Vos said.
So far, six Republican governors, including those in Ohio and Michigan, have agreed to the Medicaid expansion, while 14 have turned it down. Nationally, 19 states plus the District of Columbia appear to be on track to expand their Medicaid programs, although some governors are encountering opposition from their state legislators.
Groups representing Wisconsin hospitals and community health centers support the expansion, as do advocates for the uninsured. But conservatives such as Walker and other GOP leaders have been wary.
Last week's memo from the Legislative Fiscal Bureau made a preliminary estimate that the state would save $66 million in the first three years, but then end up over the next four years paying back those savings and up to $67 million more because of increasing costs to the state. However, those state numbers are dwarfed by the federal money available - a projected $4.38 billion, or 66 times the state's investment - to provide health care through 2020.
The costs of Medicaid are shared by the state and federal government, with federal taxpayers picking up just under 60% in Wisconsin.
But from January 2014 through the end of 2016, the federal health care law covers the full cost of expanding Medicaid coverage for adults with incomes of up to 133% of the federal poverty level. Starting in 2017, the coverage for those new enrollees drops gradually, reaching 90% of its initial coverage by 2020.
President Barack Obama's administration has advised states that the 100% federal funding would not be available for Medicaid expansions that stop short of those called for under the federal health care law. But federal officials have said they would consider approving requests such as Walker's with the usual 60% matching funds.
Robert Laszewski, a consultant with Health Policy and Strategy Associates LLC, said that a Medicaid expansion would provide offsetting savings to states like Wisconsin by reducing the indirect cost shifting to health insurers and employers for uncompensated care of the needy in emergency rooms.
Laszewski, a former insurance executive who is critical of the Affordable Care Act, also said the governor's contention that the federal government could lower its contribution in future years holds for all federal money.
"Then don't take highway money. Don't take education money," he said. "Don't take any federal money. Of course they (federal government) can renege."
***
87,000
Estimated number of people dropped from Medicaid who would need to get insurance from exchanges
82,000
Estimated number of people who currently don't qualify for Medicaid but would become eligible for the program
$650 million
Additional money state taxpayers would have to put into Medicaid because of rising costs over the next two years
Journal Sentinel reporters Guy Boulton and Patrick Marley and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Long before he became a prominent national figure, decades before he rose to his current position as director of the NAACP's Washington bureau and senior vice president for advocacy and policy, Hilary Shelton spent a portion of the 1980s as a young college graduate struggling to pay off student loans and make ends meet. Consumed by mounting debt, the Howard University alum was further challenged by the relentless fees his banks charged him for inadvertently exceeding his checking account balance.
“Everything was a lot tighter,” recalls Shelton, noting he wasn't making much money at the time and was on a tight budget. “One little mistake can have a domino effect that ends up costing you more and more money.” Shelton remembers how a check he wrote was presented at a significantly later date, and the timing of the transaction caused overdraft fees to begin kicking in. “The overdraft fees ended up being larger than the amount of money I was trying to pay the person in the check.”
Although those challenging years are well behind him, Shelton is still concerned for those individuals currently wrestling with such fees as they try to achieve a semblance of the stability he now enjoys. A new report from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau shows his concern is well justified. Among its troubling findings, the study reveals an average overdraft fee of $35 per transaction collectively accounts for almost $14 billion annually in additional charges for American consumers. The consumers hit hardest and most commonly affected, the report finds, are those who can least afford such fees. At the banks surveyed, frequent overdrafters accounted for a mere nine percent of all accounts yet shelled out 79 percent of all overdraft and insufficient fund fees.
“African-Americans are more likely not to be banked and to be underbanked,” says Shelton, referencing how “overdraft fees have actually driven people out of banking altogether” and how Black consumers near the poverty line can seldom benefit from the full menu of services banks can provide. A 2016 Pew Charitable Trusts survey revealed that African-Americans, while reportedly making up 12 percent of the US population, accounted for 19 percent of the “heavy overdrafters” that year.
“People who are basically the working poor, who live paycheck to paycheck and have little to no cushion in their bank accounts are the key overdraft targets,” acknowledges Charlene Crowell, communications deputy director for the Center for Responsible Lending (CRL). Crowell explains these are people “who don't have a lot of cash to fall back on, and if someone is going to their ATM to use their debit card and they are not keeping track of their receipts, it is very easy to find out once they get their bank statement just how many overdraft fees have been assessed.”
Here's what commonly happens. You're struggling to cover your monthly bills, and you make a debit card transaction, unaware your account lacks sufficient funds. However, rather than simply declining the charge, your bank chooses to cover the transaction and, as a result, applies an overdraft fee of $35 per transaction to your account, an amount significantly higher than that by which you exceeded your balance. A significant period goes by before you are even aware of the slight transgression and the associated fees, and now your account has incurred additional bank charges or “sustained” overdraft fees. Given you are on a fixed and limited income, by the time you make your next deposit, these fees have made a significant dent in your account. Consequently, you are caught in a vicious cycle where you consistently incur more of these charges while attempting to cover your basic necessities. At a certain point, when you are no longer willing or able to cover the negative balances and mounting fees in your account, you end up leaving the banking system altogether and begin relying upon predatory or high-interest lenders and check-cashing services for your dire financial needs.
After presenting how these practices can “become another debt trap very similar to, say, a payday or car title loan,” Crowell notes that “the revenue derived from overdraft fees is an important stream of cash for the banks and credit unions that use them.” The financial institutions themselves can determine whether to apply such fees depending on the type of transaction — debit card, ATM purchase, electronic bill payment, paper check — the institutional policy, and the scope of federal regulations. Many choose to do so. In 2015, Bloomberg Intelligence estimated that overdraft fees made up 8 percent of banks' net income, or $11.2 billion.
It wasn't always this way. “At one point, 20 or 25 years ago, overdraft fees were a convenience banks provided to their customers,” says Peter Smith, a senior researcher at CRL with a focus on overdraft practices. “If there was an accidental overage in an account, they could contact their members who would then put money back into their accounts as quickly as possible. This was sort of an informal relationship that rested upon the banks knowing their customers.” About the same time, says Smith, “things started to change a bit as banks realized they could allow these transactions and charge a fee.”
Just after the turn of the 21st century, banks began applying overdraft fees to debit card transactions without any real justification. Unlike paper checks, debit card transactions could be declined at the point of sale with no cost to the financial institution if a customer's account lacked sufficient funds. Nonetheless, this trend would gather steam and, over time, these fees increased in both number and amount. “What we've seen, especially as people's debit card usage has increased,” reports Smith, “so has the volume of overdraft fees and, increasingly, it seems banks are using overdraft fees as a revenue mechanism. So, it seems less like a service they provide their customers and more of a service the banks provides themselves.”
In 2009, the Federal Reserve began requiring financial institutions to first secure a customer's consent or “opt-in” before applying overdraft fees on future debit card point of sale or ATM purchases. While the regulatory measure helped some consumers avoid these fees, it did little more given the opt-in option was commonly presented to unwitting consumers as a protective benefit for inadvertently exceeding their limit. Consistently, this tepid measure did not impact the number or size of the fees banks could charge.
In 2012, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau — the agency introduced during the Obama administration in response to the financial crisis of 2007–08 and the subsequent recession — took a closer look at the way financial institutions were manipulating the order of daily transactions by consumers to increase the applicability of overdraft fees. Despite the order they occur, numerous banks lump together a consumer's debit card transactions, bill payments, checks and ATM withdrawals each day before processing the largest transactions first, a step that maximizes the chances for the assessment of multiple fees.
In May 2016, as a result of these inequitable practices, CRL released an independently-researched report entitled, Broken Banking: How Overdraft Fees Harm Consumers and Discourage Responsible Bank Products, to draw attention to the issue and raise awareness among those consumers saddled by excessive fees. Among its recommendations, it urged the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to “require that overdrafts fees be reasonable and proportional to the cost to the institution of covering the shortfall; to limit overdraft fees to one per month and six per year; and to subject overdraft programs to credit protections, including permitting repayment in affordable installments.”
The recent release of the bureau's report has further galvanized numerous groups advocating for the working poor, African-Americans and Latinos. CRL is currently working with the NAACP — which already offers resources and programs on financial planning aimed at the Black community — the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, and UnidosUS to promote regulations that provide consumer protections from overdraft abuse.
For Shelton, such excessive fees serve as both an ongoing injustice for African-Americans and a constant reminder of his time as a young man struggling to keep the lights on decades ago. “I think we have to be very strict about overdraft rules to make sure the financial services institutions aren't exploiting this opportunity,” he said. Once a transaction exceeds a consumer's account limit, says the NAACP leader, there should be a “fair and standardized process by which the person who is banked can be notified, can make arrangements with the bank, and can prevent those overdraft fees from multiplying.”
Crowell stresses there is an important step consumers can take as well. “If consumers are uncertain as to whether or not they have overdraft on their checking account, they should just call their bank and find out,” she insists, noting when “many people opened their bank accounts, it was never made clear that overdraft was a part of what came with it.”
So for anyone who wants to remove this risk, continues Crowell, “you have the right as a consumer to opt out.”
Every now and then, we will attempt to write the worst sports column on earth. Today: Let's talk about LeBron James and the NBA Finals and history.
Rudy Tomjanovich was sweaty. His voice was hoarse, and his bones were tired. It had been a long, tough series. But the world was listening, and when Coach grabbed the microphone, his words rang through loud and clear.
“I have one thing to say to those non-believers,” Rudy told the world. “Don't ever underestimate the heart of a champion.”
Those eight words are etched into NBA Finals lore forever.
We will never, ever underestimate the heart of a champion.
But what about the other guys? What about the guys who just don't want it badly enough? What about the guys who would rather be famous than great?
You know, the guys who want all the credit but can't cash the checks.
The NBA Finals are upon us, and the Spurs are putting together another June masterpiece. But as I look at all these champions, I can't help but wonder.
What about LeBron James?
These Finals have been a study in contrast. On one side, the Heat won a championship last year that history will ultimately remember with an asterisk. This year, as they try to win their first honest title, they have speed, power, size, and skill. It's heart that's the question mark.
On the other side you have the San Antonio Spurs. They're smaller, they're not as fast, and nobody thought they could get this far. For 10 years fans have been counting them out, underestimating Tim Duncan's championship heart, sometimes forgetting they even exist. But San Antonio won't go away.
They won't stop reminding us what makes them different, what's always made them great.
There's no I in class. Just a bunch of Spurs teammates who understand what it's all about. And then there's King James. With the right there in the middle.
America's got Finals fever this week, but the man on the throne is ice-cold, and the media's already coughing up excuses for him. Well, don't let them pull the wool over your eyes.
We're watching a sheep in wolf's clothing. His bark may be convincing, but reality bites.
It's not to say that sports is one big morality play where true virtue is rewarded and weakness is exposed. Sometimes champions falter. Like Phil Mickelson at the U.S. Open this week. He's one of the most remarkable athletes of this generation, but Sunday on the back nine, he couldn't quite get the job done.
It happens.
LeBron is another story, though. Watching his story unfold the past few days, I'm reminded of an article in The Atlantic a few weeks back, celebrating the 125-year anniversary of “Casey at the Bat.” As the Atlantic wrote: “Casey's downfall illustrates the enduring sports dictum that arrogance, both on and off the playing field, should never go unpunished. That truism is why many NBA fans turned against LeBron James when he took his talents to South Beach, and then felt vindicated when his Miami Heat were trounced in the Finals the next season by the Dallas Mavericks.”
Indeed, first there was Casey's strikeout in Mudville back in 1888, then there was LeBron in 2011, now it's 2013. Here is history repeating itself again.
“Fraud!” cried the maddened thousands, and echo answered fraud;
But one scornful look from Casey and the audience was awed.
They saw his face grow stern and cold, they saw his muscles strain,
And they knew that Casey wouldn't let that ball go by again.
That was LeBron all year long. This is LeBron now:
The band is playing somewhere, and somewhere hearts are light,
And somewhere men are laughing, and somewhere children shout;
But there is no joy in Mudville — mighty Casey has struck out.
Miami knows how Mudville feels.
And sure, OK.
I hear you, Heat fans.
The series isn't over. Maybe it won't end that way for LeBron. Anything can happen. Twenty years after Ernest Thayer turned a sports column into poetry, it just so happens that another titan of the typewriter penned a sequel. Casey hits a home a run at the end of Grantland Rice's version, and everyone goes home happy.
It's too early to say which ending gets written for LeBron James. But while you wait, I can't help but wonder. If Grantland Rice were still typing takes today, would he be defending the King, or marveling at San Antonio's Four Horsemen?
All I know is what Rudy T taught us. The heart of a champion shows up on the biggest stage possible. The equation's pretty simple, folks. Champions don't lose championships.
And if you're keeping score in the stands, these Spurs have never lost in the NBA Finals. LeBron, though? We've been watching the NBA's Casey Stengel for a few years now.
In 2007, a Spurs sweep. Strike one.
In 2011, a Mavericks upset. Strike two.
In 2013 … strike three?
We'll see.
Swing hard, LeBron.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Taoiseach plans to stop “very cheap alcohol being sold in supermarkets and off licences” in the new Public Health Bill.
Leo Varadkar also claimed we all need to drink a lot less booze, as it is a “mind-bending drug”.
The new alcohol bill will hit people who like a drink at home in the pocket due to minimum unit pricing on gargle.
Mr Varadkar told the Irish Daily Mail: “Where we are going is somewhere different in the Public Health (Alcohol) Bill, which will be enacted before the end of the year.
“That will do a number of things: it is trying to make alcohol less visible, because it almost treated now like a normal grocery product, when we all know it isn't - it's a mind-bending drug that makes us all do things we shouldn't do and say things we wouldn't otherwise say, and we all need to drink a lot less of it, or at least those of us who do drink - and also there is going to have to be some restrictions on advertising and sponsorship.
(Image: Conor McCabe Photography)
“Crucially, it will also introduce minimum unit pricing and what that is designed to do is not to increase the price of wine and spirits and beer across the board, but to get rid of the very cheap beers and spirits which facilitate people drinking to excess.
“It is not about making the bottle of wine you drink with your pizza more expensive, or the glass of wine you have in the pub.
“But it is about getting rid of people who buy huge amounts of alcohol in very low prices and getting extremely drunk.
“Minimum unit pricing shouldn't affect the price of alcohol in the restaurant, the cafe, the pub or the hotel. But it will eliminate very cheap alcohol from supermarkets and off-licencees.”
A proposal to limit interest rates on all troops' loans to 3 percent would offer unprecedented sweeping new benefits to service members if it became law.
​
Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., introduced the SCRA Enhancement and Improvement Act of 2016 on Thursday, proposing stronger and more far-reaching financial legal protections under an amended Servicemembers' Civil Relief Act. ​
Under the SCRA, service members are supposed to receive a 6 percent interest rate cap on ​debts incurred before they enter active duty. That applies to loans service members took out either before they joined the military on active duty, or before they are called to active duty as a Guard or ​Reserve member.
The legislation proposed Thursday would require all loans to service members be capped at a 3 percent interest rate, regardless of when the debt is incurred. For service members who are eligible for hostile fire pay or imminent danger pay, the interest rate would be zero.
If this legislation becomes law, it could mean that service members could not be charged more than 3 percent for any loan, including mortgages and credit cards.
The proposed legislation would have to move through a number of steps before becoming law and some observers say it is a long shot,
"I'm sure this is well-intended, but the rate seems awfully low," ​said one representative of an organization that advocates for the military community. While the organization is supportive of benefits for service members, requiring a 3 percent ceiling on interest rates could lead to military members being unable to obtain loans or credit cards, he said.
But that wouldn't be a problem under Murray's bill, contends Murray spokeswoman Kerry Arndt. She said the bill would prohibit lenders from denying credit because of eligibility for SCRA protections, so service members wouldn't see any reduction in access to credit and they would be protected from predatory and unfair practices.
​
​
​
Murray, the top Democrat on the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee and a senior member of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, said that businesses haven't always honored ​Servicemembers' Civil Relief Act protections, and the law needs to be strengthened ​. The most recent example is student loan servicers who overcharged military borrowers ​after they were called to active duty. Some servicers did not reduce the rates to 6 percent.
"In recent years, we've seen our service members subjected to predatory practices and unfair treatment on several fronts, from overcharges on their student loans, to foreclosures on their homes when they're deployed. That is simply unacceptable," Murray said in a statement announcing the proposed changes.
The legislation would require student loan servicers of federally guaranteed student loans to automatically apply the interest rate cap, and provide timely responses to inquiries. The servicers would also be required to have a designated service representative or point of contact for service members and ensure that this staff are properly trained.
If a service member dies in the line of duty, federal and private student loan debt would be forgiven.
The proposed legislation includes some other expanded protections — including prohibiting prepayment penalties if a mortgage is paid off early for reasons related to a permanent change-of-station move.
It would also allow service members to cancel contracts on cable TV and Internet services in the event of permanent change-of-station moves. Currently, similar protections are offered for residential and auto leases and cellphone contracts.
​
​
Karen Jowers covers military families, quality of life and consumer issues for Military Times. She can be reached at kjowers@militarytimes.com.
Tokomak Energy aims to build mini-nuclear reactors and announces target of producing electricity by 2025 and feeding power into the grid by 2030
Nuclear fusion needs a “Wright brothers” moment, to convince the world of its promise of unlimited clean and safe energy and so unlock significant private investment, according to a physicist whose says his company is closing in on that goal.
David Kingham, the chief executive of Tokamak Energy, has announced his company's target of producing its first electricity by 2025 and feeding power into the grid by 2030, as well as investment from the UK's Institution of Mechanical Engineers.
Harnessing the nuclear energy which powers the sun has long been touted as the ultimate solution to the challenge of powering the world while halting climate change. But, as fusion sceptics often say, the reality has stubbornly remained a decade or two away for many years.
“If we make exciting progress relatively quickly, with relatively modest funding then we'll get to a Wright brothers' moment in fusion and suddenly people will realise it is going to be possible,” said Kingham, whose company is a spin off from the UK's national fusion lab at Culham near Oxford.
“That will unlock lots of investment around the world to solve some of the big challenges, like the lifetime of materials, that you don't need to worry about at the moment but you do need to worry about if you are going into mass production.”
The company is up against North America-based companies backed by Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Paul Allen, Microsoft's co-founder, in the race to make a breakthrough.
Tokamak Energy's aim is to develop a nuclear fusion device just a few metres wide which uses high-temperature superconductors to create the magnetic field to contain the fusion plasma, with small reactors mass produced later. In November, the UK government announced £250m in funding for small modular reactors, most of which currently focus on conventional nuclear fission.
Plasmas are well understood, meaning that containing the ultra-hot gas is the major obstacle. “It is essentially an engineering and technical challenge now,” said Kingham. Copper magnets and regular superconductors, which operate at near absolute zero, require too much energy. So Tokamak Energy is using high-temperature superconductors, though these still operate at -200C.
The plasma needed for fusion energy reaches an extraordinary temperature: 100mC, hotter than the core of the sun. But Tokamak Energy's third prototype, currently under construction, aims to reach 15mC in the next 12 months and 100mC by the end of 2017.
The company is the world's only private venture developing tokamaks, a Russian acronym for “toroidal chamber magnetic field”. Being private keeps the focus on the engineering, Kingham said, whereas the £1bn-a-year public programmes often focus on the science.
The biggest fusion project in the world is ITER, a collaboration of 35 nations aiming to build a huge fusion reactor in southern France, with magnets weighing about the same as a Boeing 747. It should complete construction in 15-20 years, and deliver 500MW of power, about the same as today's large fission reactors. But it has been hampered by delays.
Tokamak Energy is far from alone in backing small fusion reactors, with rivals including Lockheed Martin's famous Skunk Works team, who in 2014 said they would produce a truck-sized fusion plant in a decade but attracted criticism for providing few details.
Others in the field include Tri Alpha Energy, which harnesses particle accelerator technology and is backed by Allen, General Fusion, which uses a vortex of molten lead and lithium to contain the plasma and is backed by Bezos, as well as Helion Energy, First Light Fusion and the University of Washington's Dynomak.
“To a certain extent, we can learn from them and they can learn from us,” said Kingham. But he argues that the spheroidal magnetic tokamak his company is developing, based on work at the Culham lab, is closer to the scientific mainstream. “We are dealing with known unknowns, but perhaps others are dealing with unknown unknowns,” he said.
Tokamak Energy has convinced a range of bodies to back them with £15m of funding, including Oxford Instruments, the company that pioneered MRI scanning, and the state-backed Innovate UK. The company was also named a technology pioneer by the World Economic Forum in 2015, allowing them to forge links with major energy companies, while a paper by the company in Fusion Energy on small fusion reactors is the journal's most downloaded paper.
The latest investor is the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Dr Jenifer Baxter, head of energy and environment at the institution, said: “The institution's Stephenson Fund was inspired by the original statement of purpose of the Institution, set out by founder George Stephenson in 1847, to ‘give an impulse to invention likely to be useful to the world'.”
“Small-scale nuclear fusion could revolutionise our future and is exactly the sort of technology Stephenson was referring to,” said Baxter. “If successful, the work of Tokamak Energy, could be the cornerstone technology to enabling sustainable economic growth in a world facing the twin challenges of climate change and growing world population.”
Not so much time ago, I met a girl, and she designs ceramic lamps.
viondesign.com
I mean, the lamps are really, really gorgeous, and they are illuminated by a 12V LED module.
As soon as I saw one of these lamps, I decided to make some experiments with them, because they are so beautiful that the classic ON/OFF switch did not do justice to them.
Recently, I studied the Arduino capsense library for other purposes, and I thought that a capacitive sensor would have been a very nice way to turn the lamp on and off without the use of a regular switch.
The basic idea was to paint the inside of the lamp with some conductive paint and use the lamp itself as a switch.
So, here's what I did.
First of all, the prototyping. The best thing about AtTinys is that you can use Arduino for prototyping, and then, with very small code adjustments, burn the code into the AtTiny, make the circuit supersmall, and go to production.
I started from the basic Capacitive Sensor library example.
It worked nice, but the reading was not very stable, and since I linked the LED intensity directly to the sensor reading, the LED was flickering a lot (as you can see in this video)
So I followed the instructions, and put a very small capacitor (20pF) between the sensor (an aluminium foil for prototyping) and ground. That helped a lot, but it wasn't enough.
Then I decided to add some smoothing code to my sketch.. Open source code is soooo cool 🙂 You always find someone that can really help you 🙂
The original code takes the average reading between 100 readings, but since the AtTiny is much slower than the Arduino (1Mhz vs 16 Mhz) I decided to make an average reading between 10 values, and it worked great for me.
Ok, now the LED turns on and off when my hand is close to the sensor. But I wanted it to stay on or off, like a regular switch does. So I put this code, that works in this way: if the sensor reaches the maximum value (when I touch it), then I switch the lamp on/off and I stop the reading for a second.
So this is the final code for Arduino.
#include <CapacitiveSensor.h> int cap_pin_out = 4; int cap_pin_in = 2; int lowcap = 300; // just above reading when noting is near int highcap = 1800; // cap reading when almost touching CapacitiveSensor capsense = CapacitiveSensor(cap_pin_out, cap_pin_in); // 10M resistor between pins 1 & 2, pin 2 is sensor pin, add a wire and or foil if desired int ledPin = 13; int dur = 10; //duration is 10 loops int brightness; bool isOn = 0; /* smoothing */ const int numReadings = 10; int readings[numReadings]; // the readings from the analog input int index = 0; // the index of the current reading long total = 0; // the running total int average = 0; // the average void setup() { pinMode(ledPin, OUTPUT); // output pin pinMode(cap_pin_in, INPUT); // output pin pinMode(cap_pin_out, OUTPUT); // output pin // initialize all the readings to 0: for (int thisReading = 0; thisReading = numReadings) // ...wrap around to the beginning: index = 0; // calculate the average: average = total / numReadings; // send it to the computer as ASCII digits long start = millis(); brightness = map(average, lowcap, highcap, 0, 255); brightness = constrain(brightness, 0, 255); if (isOn == true && brightness == 255) { isOn = false; delay(500); } else if (isOn == false && brightness == 255) { isOn = true; delay(500); } if (isOn == true) { analogWrite(ledPin, 255); } else { analogWrite(ledPin, brightness); } delay(10); }
At this point I had a couple of things left to do: first of all, to control an hi-power 12V led, instead of a 5V one, and, second, try to power the circuit with the 12V LED power supply.
To control an 12V LED, I used a TIP102, that is a really heavy duty affordable NPN darlington transistor. It's perfect to control LED strips, hi power LEDs and LED modules. The connection is really easy, it just needs an 1K resistor and this simple scheme
Since the ATTiny can be powered at 5V, and I did not want to use two power supplies, I decided to use this 12v to 5v voltage converter. It's very simple to use: just connect the IN Pins to the 12V and you get 5V from the output pins (yes, I know, I should have used a capacitor for stability, but the AtTiny is very forgiving and works perfectly even without it)
Ok now that everything was perfect, I burned the code to the AtTiny. If you need some instructions on how to do that, here's a step-by-step tutorial I wrote some time ago.
I had to make some minor adjustments to the code: I changed the sensor pins form 4,2 to 1,2 and the LED pin from 13 to 0… and boom! we're ready to change platform! 🙂
So here are the schematics for the AtTiny85
The circuit is pretty simple and can be easily assembled on a protoboard.
I painted the inside of the lamp with this paint, so now the inside of the skull is conductive and can be used as a capacitive sensor.
To connect the sensor wire to this paint, I used some BareConductive electric paint
The assembled circuit was so tiny that fitted perfectly inside the skull
A little hint: when using capacitive sensor, is very important to ground the circuit, so be sure to have a ground connection between the circuit, the power supply, and the mains ground.
Here is the final result… isn't it nice? 🙂
Ciao!
Jeko
Another important thing with capacitive sensors is grounding.
© Clifford Atiyeh It's Official: Dodge Viper Is Bowing Out, Special Editions Ease the Pain Fiat-Chrysler isn't mincing words: The 2017 Dodge Viper, as rumored for the past eight months and kept hush by management, is indeed the "final year of Viper production." To mark such a sad occasion, the Viper plant will roll out five special edition cars—some of which may look familiar.
While any Viper can be painted and configured in a claimed 50 million ways within the 1 of 1 customization program, most these cars share their cold blood with previous special-edition Vipers. All the models come with plaques, special badges, and color-matched car covers printed with the owner's name above the driver's door. Production is limited to between 25 and 217, depending on the model—but may be less depending on demand. Viper sales through May totaled 241 in the U.S. Last year, 676 were sold.
The green and black-striped car is the Snakeskin Edition GTC, derived from the 2010 Snakeskin ACR, and is equipped with the Advanced Aerodynamics package (carbon fiber rear spoiler and front splitter) and a black interior. No more than 25 will be made.
All the rest are ACR models suited up for extreme track duty with the Extreme Aero package (enormous rear wing, rear diffuser, dive planes, and a removable front splitter, all in carbon fiber, along with removable hood and fender vents) plus carbon-ceramic brakes. The Dealer Edition ACR isn't pictured, and you'll only know about it if you live near one of the two Dodge dealers—in Tomball, Texas or Roanoke, Illinois—that happen to be the two hottest-selling locales for new Vipers. That car is white with a Competition Blue center stripe, an Adrenaline Red driver's-side stripe, and red accent stitching. Up to 33 will be made.
© Provided by Car and Driver Dodge is celebrating the 25th anniversary and final year of Vipe
The white Viper pictured above is undoubtedly a favorite, and much like the car we configured when the 1 of 1 program went live. It echoes the 100 blue-striped white GTS-R models Dodge built after the Viper's 1997 FIA GT2 championship win, and as before, production will be capped at 100. The GTS-R Commemorative Edition ACR (just call it GTS-R) throws some shade on the Pearl White body with the Exterior Carbon package and matte black ACR wheels. As on the original, American flag decals dress up the B-pillars. Red seat belts are the only major change inside.
Now, for the two black ACRs, there's a choice between the VoooDoo II Edition (sic on the extra "o" versus the 2010 VooDoo) with a thin gray stripe on the driver's side outlined in red, and the 1:28 Edition, which despite the faraway shot is not a 1:28 scale model. The number references 1:28.65, the production-car lap record at Laguna Seca set by Randy Pobst in October. As you can guess, it's faster than the 1:33 edition from 2010. Up to 31 VoooDoo II and 28 1:28 Vipers will be produced.
Could this really be the last of the Vipers, after 30,000 built over the past 25 years? The hand-built supercar took a two-year sabbatical between 2010 and 2012, and FCA CEO Sergio Marchionne has hinted the Viper could return on a modified Alfa Romeo platform. We won't give up hope, and we suppose, neither will the Detroit plant workers at Conner Avenue.
Over the past few years, a rise of a new industry vertical has taken countries around the world by storm: Collaborative Consumption.
Wait, what?
Collaborative Consumption, or Sharing Economy, describes social and economic systems driven by network technologies that enable the sharing and exchange of all kinds of assets from spaces to skills to cars in ways and on a scale never possible before. Anyone can rent and share their processions and belonging to other people in the network.
Collaborative Consumption has been made popular by AirBnB, a platform that allows anyone to rent out their property to other guests. We have covered AirBnb and its Asia counterparts extensively on Vulcan Post too.
The market for collaborative consumption in Asia Pacific region is still in a relatively early stage of adoption. Nonetheless, without doubt, these companies hold the potential to disrupt the way existing businesses work in the Asia Pacific region.
The growth of the collaborative consumption industry is very fast-paced in this region- fueled by VC investments and geographical expansions from notable companies. This includes AirBnB which set up a regional office in Singapore, as well as the acquisition of Singapore based Travelmob by HomeAway.
The collaborative consumption industry can be segmented into different categories, and here's a list of these companies arranged in alphabetical order:
Accommodation:
(Singapore) Airbnb
(Singapore) Room-o-Rama (Short Term Rentals, Nightly and Weekly Apartments, Homes and Rooms)
(Singapore) TravelMob (Vacation rentals, short term rentals, villas and apartments – travelmob)
Dining experiences:
(Singapore) BonAppetour (Dine with a local)
(Japan) Kitchhike (Discover the world through Kitchens! – KitchHike)
(India) MealTango (mealtango.com)
Crowd-sourced tours:
(Singapore) Indiescapes (Unique tours and things to do with locals in Asia)
(Japan) Meetrip (Travel guide and tour by local people)
(Korea) MyRealTrip
(Japan) Shiroube (Find Local Guides – Shiroube.com)
(Vietnam) Triip .me (Triip – Best private tours crafted by handpicked local tour guides in South East Asia)
(Indonesia) TripTrus (TripTrus Home)
Transportation:
(Singapore) Drive .sg (Rent a car from Singapore's biggest car rental marketplace)
(Singapore) iCarsClub
(Australia) Jayride (Jayride – Travel A to B!)
(Australia) Divvy (Divvy lets you make money renting your parking space, for longer.)
(India) Olivetrips (Travel Together. It Makes Sense!!!)
(China) Pickride (Pickride)
(Singapore) Smove (All electric vehicle sharing)
(Phillipines) Tripid (Tripid)
These are the companies that are founded or based in Asia-Pacific region. The emergence of these vertical of companies give rise to the collaborative consumption economy in Asia Pacific, and we are sure that the number of companies in this space to increase in 2014.
Are there any companies we missed out?
Read also: BonAppetour makes sure you never have another boring meal again
Article written with contribution from Inez Wihardjo, COO and Cofounder of BonAppetour
Google is taking a Bloomberg inspired step toward “curbing gun violence”. Once again demonstrating the level of ignorance that is prevalent in liberal corporate settings, the software company has decided to expand their ban on firearm-related content. Breitbart reported:
According to Google Support's "Dangerous Products or Services" page, the company "[wants] to keep people safe both online and offline, so [they] won't allow the promotion of some products or services that cause damage, harm, or injury."
Right. Google (ya know, the company that tracks your every move online) is trying to keep us safe. God bless those left coast liberals who are suddenly embracing the manipulative power of big business. Of course Google seems woefully ignorant of the fact that such “dangerous” items, actually keep many people safe every day. . I understand it could be chalked up to a difference in corporate culture, but I would encourage Google to promote safety and concealed carry classes if they are serious about keeping people safe offline.
The tech giant also decided that such a ban would be ineffective if utilized exclusively against firearms… Which is why they have embraced the idea of expanding their policy to include accessories, ammunition, magazines, clips, scopes, attachments, slings, et al.
Also included is a ban on ads for "any part or component that's necessary to the function of a gun or intended for attachment to a gun." This covers "gun scopes, ammunition, ammunition clips or belts."
Whew… I know I feel safer, don't you? I mean, clearly the lack of advertising on firearm-related accessories will cut down on all those Chicago drive bys. Right? Apparently, this is the culture of California Leftists and liberal corporatism… Guns are bad. The only use for a firearm is to promote inexplicable violence and oppression. Those who own, handle, or carry firearms are merely psychopaths waiting for an excuse to unleash a wave of bloody violence at unsuspecting victims…
Well, unless we're talking about cops, or Bloomberg's body guards. Those guys are obviously special. The rest of you commoners, however, aren't responsible enough to be exposed to an advertisement for a hunting scope from Cabela's while surfing the interwebs.
So, what's the solution? Boycott Google?
I'm generally not a fan of boycotts. Besides, Google is a pretty intuitive and helpful product. I mean, sure, I find it kinda creepy when my phone alerts me to head out for work because there are some traffic issues (I never told it where I work, or what route I like to take… It just picked up on those details while it spied on me through my android phone). But, overall, the company has opened the web to limitless possibilities. The dissemination of information is in a renaissance never before seen in human history; and companies like Google are largely responsible for the facilitation of such an environment.
And yet, Google manages to be that neighbor who has every tool you ever need – while still being the most obnoxious human being in the cul-de-sac. He might have that reverse-thread bolt, specialty vice grips, or that silly tool used to remove oil filters… but you just can't quite get past his Obama bumper sticker and inappropriate political jokes about John Boehner (actually, some of those are kinda funny). So the question is, how much do you really need what Google has to offer?
Google has declared a war on gun owners, the firearm industry, and related self-defense products. Because, obviously, a defenseless population will be much safer, right? Bing, on the other hand, has no such restrictions. So, go ahead… Bing away. But don't expect to cut Google out of your life completely.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go add the text of the Second Amendment to my automated signature in Gmail.
Howie Gordon directed my grade school plays. As a third grader, I vaguely understood that he was qualified for this gig because he had acting experience. I had no idea that much of it was in pornography.
It was only a year ago that I figured it out. I was watching "After Porn Ends," a documentary about what happens when adult performers return to "civilian" life, when I recognized Howie, the father of my classmate, the guy who enthusiastically taught us how to perform on stage and edited videos of our adolescent attempts at acting. It turned out Howie had an X-rated alter ego in the '70s and '80s: Richard Pacheco. My drama teacher, the porn star. Not only that but he's a prolific, award-winning performer and Playgirl Man of the Year who worked with legends like John Holmes and Marilyn Chambers. He was even inducted into the Adult Video News Hall of Fame.
Advertisement:
As of very recently, he's also the author of a memoir about his days in porn, "Hindsight: True Love & Mischief in the Golden Age of Porn." It's a tale of an overweight boy from Pittsburgh who sheds 50 pounds, starts lifting weights and finds himself doing adult movies. Before long, he's posing for Playgirl and performing with porn's greats. The book is appropriately filled with salacious details about his flings, on-screen and off, but it's also a thoughtful and philosophical read. For him, doing porn was political: "I foolishly expected the heirs to the Sixties sexual revolution to be there en masse," he writes. "They weren't. And it remained sadly unconscionable that the sexual media for the entire culture of that time was largely relegated to an underclass of amateurs and criminals who mostly created a pornographic world of sexual looting and moral midgetry."
He expected more of the medium. It's no surprise then that he is both a defender of the industry and a critic. "Sometimes the domination of male rage in the industry just gets to me," he writes. "It comes off as so nasty and mean-spirited that it's like sex without humanity." He goes on to explain, "There is more to sex than conquest and vengeance. I want to see that portrayed, too." Still, he loved his work and stayed in the industry, all the while battling over the idea of monogamy with his none-too-thrilled wife, until the threat of AIDS drove him out of the business.
I spoke to him by phone about the difficulty of getting erections on-demand, what he thinks of porn today and how he told his kids about his past.
Let's start with how you got into porn.
I was a senior in college and I had a girlfriend who was quite a stunner and one of the freshmen there wanted to make a sex film and invited the two of us to be the stars. I had grown up as the fat kid in life. I was relatively obese from the age of 7 to 17. I had the largest breasts in the seventh grade. I lost 50 pounds in the spring junior year of high school. I went from Quasimodo to Robert Redford and women who had never looked at me were now looking at me. When I was invited to be in a movie because of my looks, well, that was like winning the World Series and taking the ticker tape parade down Broadway. The fact that it was sex was just a bonus.
I never dreamed it would become a professional career. Cut to five years later, we get a phone call. My wife Carly and I were on casting lists from some acting classes we had taken and they were looking for some women and they asked for her. They said it was a "romp through a hospital" and she asked quite directly, "Is that a porn film?" And normally they didn't tell you over the phone because they had much more success getting people to be in the movies if they came down for an audition. The guy said, "Yes, it is." And she said, "Well, I'm not interested, but maybe my husband will be" and handed me the phone.
Advertisement:
I was interested -- from a personal sense, my fantasy was to meet an X-rated woman. I thought such a person existed. I wanted a "fuck me, fuck me" woman; I'd never been with a prostitute, I'd never been with a bad girl. All my relationships with sex had been about love. I wanted lust and I hadn't ever been able to make the object of my love the object of my lust. Those were the kind of women I wanted to meet and I thought I'd meet them in the X-rated movies and then come home wiser to my wife. In those days we had a relationship we used to call "yours, mine and ours." We had free love. We were trying to do Romeo and Juliet and free love at the same time. As I said in the book, we beat that horse for 30 years until it died.
You talk very candidly about performance issues on-set -- this was before Viagra. What was it like having to rely for work on a body part that is, as a general rule, bad at performing under pressure?
It was extraordinarily humiliating. You didn't find guys like me in porn generally -- and every actor is gonna say that because that's the first thing that all of us say when we're fighting the monster of sexual guilt when dealing with the mainstream -- but how I was different was, well, for one, I had an average-size penis, or slightly below average I'd even say. Most of the guys in that business are hung like horses. So it was humiliating even to get naked in that crowd. What I brought to the table beyond the size of my erection was two things. One, my body was superb. I was living in the gym at that time. I weighed 143-and-a-half pounds. I had the body fat of a red ant. I had abs like a Greek god. So I was good to look at, and my penis was in proportion to my body. Beyond that, I could act. I just happened to come along at a time when they were trying to improve the quality of the acting. There was the notion that we could develop a market to trump Hollywood by making real movies that had real sex in them, as opposed to sex movies.
So what happened on that first shoot?
Advertisement:
You can do the push-ups, you can do the sit-ups, you can make your body gorgeous, but you can't promise that at 10 o'clock on Thursday morning you're gonna get a hard-on. I get to the set and they'd scheduled a half day. All they gotta do is one scene: me getting a blow job in a closet. Foreplay consists of the director saying to the girl, "You get on your knees" and to me, "You pull down your pants, let's go." I'm hard, it feels good. They run out of film, she stops sucking me, and I lose the erection. It's time to start again, it's back to step one, and everything works again. To make a long story short, this happens maybe six, seven, eight times. Finally my penis said to me, "Hey, what's going on here? Are we doing this or are we not doing this?" Then the director says to me, "OK, we have all the footage we need of the blow job. Now come." At that point the woman starts sucking me like she's trying to make me come and I don't know how to slow her down because she just wants to get home.
She's sucking, nothing is happening. It's 1:30. It's 2 o'clock. They're waiting me out. It's 3 o'clock. The girl has her head on my thigh and she's asleep. I'm so far beyond any humiliation I've ever felt. And all of a sudden I start thinking about the first girl I ever made out with. It's the eighth grade, summer. I start to get aroused. The director sees it and he starts waking everybody up. She reached over and touched me and as soon as she touched me it went away. Her touch scared me at this point. The director said, "Don't touch him. You masturbate till you come. And when that first squirt comes out, grab it like you did it." And lo and behold that came to pass.
What's the worst porn line that you ever delivered?
Advertisement:
[Takes on exaggerated hillbilly accent] It's from a movie called "Pizza Girls," and some pretty girl would come over on roller skates with your pizza and then she'd come in your house and you'd have a sexual act together. When she knocked at the door, I had to say this line: "I've got a stove pipe in my pants just a' waitin' for you."
Let's pivot to John Holmes. You say at one point in the book, “I would suspect that in reality his great cock was at once a gift and a nightmare for the man who had to live with it.” Why a nightmare?
Well, because there were women who he tried to enter who no doubt just couldn't handle it. Some women would see that cock and swoon in religious ecstasy. On the other side, there were women who would just start screaming. On the set, either reaction would be whatever it was, to be used in the context of the movie, but in your private life, what if the woman screaming is the woman you love?
The electricity of seeing him in action was because we all lived with the superstition, the folk wisdom, that bigger was better. This is the moment that she found out. There would be no more mystery because it wasn't going to get any bigger. His was like 14 fucking inches. I saw that thing in action and it was real, it's not fake. It was like a donkey's. It never really got hard like an average dick got hard, it got hardish, because if all the blood would go to his dick he'd pass out. There's not enough blood in your body to run that thing. But it was quite something to watch.
Advertisement:
You write about the suicide of Shauna Grant, real name Colleen Marie Applegate, that it was "not the first suicide in the porn community," that there was "almost one a year." Why was that, do you think?
Well, these are misleading conversations if you only focus on that and talk about that without context. The occupation with the highest suicide rate in the U.S. is dentistry. [Ed. note: It might actually be physicians.] But it's a lot less scandalous when a dentist kills himself than someone in the porn world.
That having been said, pornography as it was constituted then and as it exists now attracts the desperate, who need to opt out for their own personal reasons. You have a lot of desperate people in porn and where desperate people exist, suicide exists. A lot of people [in the industry] say, "I want to be a movie star. I'm going to have pretty clothes, people are going to worship me." Instead people look at you with contempt, like you're scum.
You said of porn, "It was the rage that used to get to me, the meanness and the rage." What do you think about porn these days?
I'm less informed. Mostly what I see are the commentaries about it more than I watch it. I'll watch the old stuff to death. I'm told that our era is referred to as the "golden age of porn." Today's stuff is cheaper, it's down and dirty and there's no attempt at the story aspect. It's just wall-to-wall sex. Most of it, again, is catered to an audience of men and it's men with unlimited dreams of power who get to use women as toys. One of the benevolent aspects of sex [films] today is that because the means of production have gotten cheaper many more people can make their own and garner access to a market. They can find their market whether that's lesbian porn, SM porn, shoe fetish porn. Whatever your craziness is, you can find someone making movies about it. In my day, you couldn't necessarily, there were maybe 30 to 40 movies made a year. Now there's 12,000 to 15,000 a year.
Advertisement:
What do you think about the current debate over condoms in porn?
I applaud people who are trying to save their lives. I think it's ridiculous to risk your life for a buck. The people who are making the money out of this aren't risking their lives, it's the actors who are put at risk. I'm a big fan of choice. I think the performer should have a choice. The sad truth of the economics of it is that people who are making sex scenes with condoms are making less money than people who are making sex scenes without them. We're talking about a business here, we're not talking about a social movement or a religion. It's a dollar-driven industry. Once the businessmen see that condom sex isn't making the same amount of money, fuck condom sex. And that's why I'm not in the business. That's the initial reason I got out. People would say, "No condoms" and "Forget about AIDS." I was resented for even talking about it on sets I was on. The first headline of the heterosexual transmission of AIDS in San Francisco was November 10th, 1984. I was newly married with babies; it was not a time to play russian roulette with my dick.
Would you say AIDS is why you retired, then?
Yeah. There was pressure coming from my wife to get out as well, but that was a conventional kind of pressure that dealt with the fact that we had children and her ability to be gracious about me having other lovers was disappearing. She had stopped doing that stuff in her life.
This is admittedly a tired question for porn performers, but: How did you tell your kids?
Advertisement:
There was a very famous sex therapist named Mary Calderone, who argued initially that sex education doesn't mean teaching 10-year-olds the positions of the "Kama Sutra." She argued that you need to be age-appropriate with what you're teaching. So, it first came up with the phone, because the phone would ring for Richard Pacheco and I had to teach Juliana, and then Polly, and later Bobby, "When the phone rings for Richard Pacheco, don't hang up. That's a name that Daddy uses when he's making movies." They would ask, "Daddy makes movies? Can we see 'em, can we see 'em?" "No, they're grown-up movies."
Round two was one day, Polly was 10 and just out of nowhere turns to me and says, "What makes them grown-up movies? Do you mean like 'Silence of the Lambs'?" And I said, "No, no, no, not like that." And she said, "Well, what makes them grown-up? Sex?" It was just so perfectly right on that there was nothing to say but, "Yeah." So Polly starts jumping up and down: "Daddy makes sexy movies, Daddy makes sexy movies!"
I have to ask: When directing our school plays, did you ever worry that you would be outed as a porn star? That the other parents would try to burn you at the stake?
If it had come I'd have dealt with it. It happened in Little League. When Bobby was 11, I walked onto the field one day and the coach called me over and said, "There's gonna be trouble today. One of the mothers on the other team knows who you are." He said, "I of course knew who you were the second you came on the field, and I want to tell you personally that anybody that's been inside Nina Hartley's booty is okay with me." And nothing further came of it.
A newly amended bill from a California lawmaker would require college students to stop in the heat of passion and establish verbal or written consent before having sex anywhere on campus, reports L.A. Weekly.
SB 967, amended last week by state Sen. Kevin de Leon (D-Los Angeles), would mandate that college students obtain “an affirmative, unambiguous, and conscious decision by each participant to engage in mutually agreed-upon sexual activity.”
Last month, the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights released a list of 55 schools that face federal probes into their handling of sexual assault cases. De Leon said his bill is meant to confront sexual assault problems head-on.
“Obviously, there is a problem,” he said in the report. “SB 967 will change the equation so the system is not stacked against survivors by establishing an affirmative consent policy to make it clear that only ‘yes' means ‘yes.'”
According to the language of the bill, “consent must be ongoing throughout a sexual encounter, and can be revoked at any time. The existence of a dating relationship between the persons involved, or the fact of past sexual relations between them, should never by itself be assumed to be an indicator of consent.”
Despite the bill's noble intentions, not everyone is sold on the proposed legislation.
In an article for LegalInsurrection.com, attorney Hans Bader argues the language of the proposed law could make ordinary people out to be sexual criminals.
“Since most people have engaged in sex without verbal consent, supporters of the bill are effectively redefining most people, and most happily-married couples, as rapists,” he said.
Bader goes even further, saying the law could violate individual privacy rights:
Requiring people to have verbal discussion before sex violates their privacy rights, under the logic of Supreme Court decisions such as Lawrence v. Texas (2003), which struck down Texas' sodomy law, and federal appeals court decisions like Wilson v. Taylor (1984), which ruled that dating relationships are protected against unwarranted meddling by the Constitutional freedom of intimate association.
The proposed law would require all college campuses to adopt a uniform policy “concerning sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking.” Schools that fail to adhere to the policy would not be eligible to receive state funds for student financial assistance.
The bill passed the state Senate on May 29 by a vote of 27-9. It heads to the Assembly next for further consideration.
The Asoke protest site isn't expanding per se, but its security measures sure are. With grenade attacks against protesters the weekend before last, one protester taking a bullet in the head 2 days ago and another being shot last night, barriers at the four gates that have to be passed to reach the Asoke protest site have been strengthened and the number of security guards increased. The Asoke protest site does not feel like a fortress in the same way the red shirt occupied parts of downtown Bangkok did in 2010, but neither do the barricades nor the heavy-handed guards make for a warm welcome.
Approaching the Asoke intersection from the south, I come to the first gate. It is manned by just two guards and they seem disinterested in people on foot, more concerned with vehicles and motorbikes. Like about half of the guards on duty, these two are wearing military camouflage jackets. One has tattoos over both arms with the word "bum" written in English on his wrist, clearly visible.
Another 50 or so metres up the road I get to a second set of makeshift barriers. They'd probably stop a motorbike, but that's about all they'd stop. A man could easily jump them and a car would push them aside. Their main purpose, however, is to funnel people through channels so the guards can inspect bags or packages passersby may be carrying.
I walk around the occupied Asoke intersection before turning east. I'm heading along Sukhumvit Road, walking away from Asoke and in the direction of Emporium.
Not far beyond the intersection, just before soi 18 is a barricade. Nearby a jeep is parked up and draped in Thai flags.
Looking east, in the direction of Emporium. The soi off to the right is Sukhumvit soi 18.
The guards at this particular checkpoint are very sensitive about photos, either of them or even the barricade. I have noticed an increase in this sensitivity to cameras over the course of my visits. With each visit reactions to the camera get stronger and stronger – and not in a good way. In the photo here I am looking west, back towards the Asoke intersection.
I go up on the overheard walkway and look back down at the guards who are talking to a couple of motorbikes trying to pass the checkpoint. I have no idea what they have to do to get through, or is there a magic handshake?
This security guard is at the middle barrier. From the outer barrier to the occupied area at Asoke there are three barriers. In the distance, in the direction of Emporium, is what I term the outer barrier.
This is the outer barrier, set up at the mouth of Sukhumvit soi 20. Any traffic coming along Sukhumvit Road cannot get to soi 18, soi 16 or the Asoke intersection.
Yes, this is Sukhumvit Road, the main artery that at times I think should be renamed Farang Road, for it's where you'll find more Caucasians in Bangkok than anywhere else. And look how quiet it is. This is downtown Bangkok and after the roadblock there is nothing. If you look closely at the top of the photo you can see streams of traffic backed up…
At most barriers there are two channels, an entrance and an exit which makes it easy for guards to check people coming in. There are signs in Thai, sometimes in English, pointing which way you're supposed to go and just like when passing through an airport, you'll be barked at if you go the wrong way. But unlike at an airport, security here does not wear uniforms, they may not speak English and you most certainly don't have any rights!
Looking back towards the middle barrier, a motorbike has been allowed to pass as he is exiting the protest are.
Closer to the outer barrier at the eastern end, vehicles heading west along Sukhumvit i.e. from Emporium towards Asoke, are forced to either turn left in to Sukhumvit soi 20 or do a u-turn and go back the way they came.
No, this is not trick photography or some special Photoshop trick. What you see is exactly what I saw. Cars are moving in one direction and motorbikes are riding in the other! The traffic in some parts of the city has been so messed up that the rules of the road seem not to exist.
* Not of relevance to the protests at all, but that's a racing Lamborghini decked out in advertising decals on the back of a trailer in the middle lane.
Here I am heading back towards the Asoke intersection i.e. heading west. This photo was taken from the pedestrian overpass and this checkpoint is at the start of Sukhumvit soi 23 (the soi in which Soi Cowboy is located).
This is the northern gate, about 500 metres up Rachadapisek Road from Asoke. I had to take this photo and the next at a distance as the guards wouldn't let me take photos any closer. Actually, I don't think they were too happy about me taking any photos, period.
Another angle of the same checkpoint / barrier. There is another barrier a couple of hundred metres closer to Asoke. The barriers are fortified with tyres and sandbags and appear to have been erected to slow down an attacking force.
This is the barrier at the western end of the Asoke intersection, near Terminal 21, at the mouth of Sukhumvit soi 19.
A closer look at the outer gate under the Asoke BTS station.
Now you might think I am being unreasonably harsh on the guards. Just today I see in the news that a Thai lady has filed a complaint with Patumwan police that a guard at the Patumwan / MBK protest site stole 50,000 baht from her bag. I also note comments on Thai social media about these guys that are less than positive.
There are 6 guards clearly in shot and plenty just out of shot. At night there will be many more.
To my eyes, the number of guards has increased 3 or 4-fold since the shutdown began. And where the checkpoints were once makeshift, now they are more official-looking and feature multiple layers. At some checkpoints, at certain times of the day, there can be a dozen guards or more. Often they are just milling around seemingly in their own little world, but you just know if there was a problem, or something kicked off, they would be in boots and all. And that is a real worry. There were photos in the mainstream press this past weekend of what happened to someone at a polling station who merely wished to vote and was set upon with graphic photos of the incident. Their stern looks and serious demeanour won't win any charm contest. And neither do they instill confidence. Point a camera in their direction and they pull a face like Mike Tyson. Thugs patrolling, or is that controlling, major intersections in the capital doesn't feel right. And if the worst happens and you have a problem, what are you going to do? Don't expect the boys in brown to come running to help you. This is one reason why 46 embassies currently have warnings about travel to Bangkok at this time, and why many expressly warn their citizens to avoid protest sites.
As to the million baht question about whether one should visit at this time, I refer to my closing comments in the last weekly column which are as relevant now as when I wrote them:
As to whether one should visit Bangkok at this time, that's a question I'm not prepared to answer because we all have different tolerance levels. But what I will say is this. I have not heard from anyone who has visited Bangkok in the past 2 weeks who feel they made the wrong decision to visit at this time. I have not heard from anyone who feels the inconvenience suffered was such that they regretted visiting.
By Maria Saporta and Dave Williams
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed is seeking state approval to create a dedicated funding source for arts and culture.
Reed said Tuesday the city of Atlanta will ask the General Assembly to authorize a referendum to raise the sales tax by one-tenth of a penny to provide a permanent source of arts funding.
In an exclusive editorial board meeting with Atlanta Business Chronicle, Reed said Atlanta's arts organizations – particularly the smaller nonprofits – perennially struggle to stay afloat because they don't have a steady source of funding. He described some of them as being on “life support” and in need of public funding.
“What Atlanta needs to become the city we want to become is a source of funding for the arts that comes every year no matter what,” the mayor said. “Everybody has been talking about arts funding for at least 15 years.”
Virginia Hepner, president and CEO of the Woodruff Arts Center, has been working with the city of Atlanta on the arts funding plan.
“I am thrilled with this possibility and delighted that the mayor is focused on support for the arts,” Hepner said through a spokesman on Tuesday afternoon. “It's exciting because by using just a sliver of public funding, we can leverage the massive private investment that's already been made to build arts and culture organizations over the years. It will help sustain many deserving arts and culture organizations across our whole community.
Atlanta has the leeway to increase the sales tax because the transportation sales tax referendum city voters approved overwhelmingly last November will increase sales taxes four-tenths of a cent. If voters agree to another one-tenth of a penny, Atlanta's sales tax would increase to 9 percent.
“Let's put it up for a vote on the November ballot,” Reed said. “Everything we have done in this space, we have gone to the voters for voter approval.”
Reed said the legislation will be modeled after an arts tax in Denver that is bringing more than $50 million a year into arts organizations in the Colorado capital's metro region. The Denver arts and cultural tax first passed in 1988, and it was renewed in 2016 by voters in the seven-county region to last until 2030.
“While this won't be metro wide, it will be that beginning,” Reed said. “We are satisfying a problem that we have not had the means to solve.”
If approved, the Atlanta arts funding proposal would raise an estimated $10 million to $15 million annually, he said.
The tax would help bolster the arts and cultural economy in Atlanta, which the mayor said is a growing part of the city's workforce. He said the number of people working in creative fields in the Atlanta region will total about 100,000.
Meanwhile, the mayor said his administration has already been supportive of the arts. “We have doubled our arts funding in the city of Atlanta,” he said, adding that the city also has made a $1 million contribution to the Woodruff Arts Center for its recent $110 million campaign.
The proposed legislation to ask for the referendum to go before voters in November would coincide with Atlanta's mayoral and city council elections.
“I really want to see the politicians who are against funding for the arts,” Reed said.
Dave Williams covers state and local government for the Atlanta Business Chronicle
Did you know that in some states informally sharing seeds with your fellow gardeners is illegal? Hard to believe, but it's true.
To ensure that seeds sold to farmers and gardeners are of good quality, every state has laws that require people who sell seeds to buy a permit and label their seeds with the variety name, germination percentage, presence of weed seeds, name and address of supplier, and more. Sounds OK, right? You've seen all of that information on the seed packets you buy. But in some states, seed-labeling laws define “sell” to include give away, transport, and even “possess with intent to … give away, or transport.” That's right — you need a permit from the state to legally give away seeds.
Minnesota's seed law, for example, is so broad that it basically prohibits gardeners from sharing or giving away seeds unless they buy an annual permit, have the germination of each seed lot tested, and attach a detailed label to each seed packet. This law is enforced by the Minnesota Department of Agriculture, which has recently told seed libraries that they can't distribute free seeds to gardeners unless they buy a permit and provide detailed labeling, even though the libraries aren't selling the seeds. (The penalty for violating this law, by the way, is a fine of up to $7,500 per day!)
The creation of seed libraries to facilitate seed sharing and preserve seed diversity has been spreading, with an estimated 300 libraries now operating nationally. Officials in several other states are now saying that the libraries can't give away or exchange seeds unless they first obtain a permit and comply with the numerous requirements of the seed-labeling law. Needless to say, these actions have upset many gardeners who know the value of saving and sharing seeds that are highly adapted to their local conditions. Regulating seeds that are sold commercially is one thing, but applying such laws to seeds that are swapped or given away defies logic, history and common sense.
-Advertisement-
Neil Thapar, staff attorney at the Sustainable Economies Law Center (SELC), has reviewed the laws in more than 30 states so far, and he reports that about 30 percent of them specify that sharing seeds without a permit is illegal. Almost all the laws contain vague language that needs to be clarified to explicitly exempt noncommercial seed-sharing activities, he says.
A national group, the Association of American Seed Control Officials (AASCO), has produced what's called the Recommended Uniform State Seed Law. Even this model legislation appears to require permits for any seeds “transported” within a state, however.
Andy Rubin, best known for his work on Android at Google, is leaving the company. According to The Wall Street Journal, Rubin will build an incubator for what it describes as companies working with “technology-hardware” products.
Google confirmed the departure to us with a prepared statement from Google CEO Larry Page: “I want to wish Andy all the best with what's next. With Android he created something truly remarkable—with a billion plus happy users. Thank you.”
It's not clear whether Google will be involved in any way with this new incubator, either financially or operationally, or what it is called. The company declined to comment on this.
James Kuffner, who worked under Rubin in the robotics division, will be stepping up to take over Rubin's role running it.
Rubin's fortunes at Google rose with the rapid growth of Android, Google's mobile operating system, which is now the most widely used smartphone platform in the world. But while Android has only gone from big to bigger, Rubin seemed to fall out of favor as the person to run it. In 2013, Android fell under the purview of Sundar Picahi, who had formerly managed the company's work with Google's Chrome web browser and operating system.
Less than a week ago, Pichai picked up a host of new managerial responsibilities, solidifying his position within Google leadership.
After Rubin left his work on Android, he retreated into Google's more experimental arm, helping run the company's robotics efforts — a focus that lines up with his new direction with hardware startups.
Rubin's background originally was in hardware. Before Google, Rubin worked at Apple, and then co-founded the device maker Danger, but he left a half decade before it was acquired by Microsoft. He then went on to co-found Android with Rich Miner in 2003. Google acquired Android in 2005.
Rubin is not the first high-profile departure from one of Google's more cutting-edge projects. Sebastian Thrun formally left his role at Google as a VP and Fellow heading up moonshot projects at Google X earlier this year in order to focus more on his education startup Udacity.
"I try my best to always be facetious, but not malicious" ... self-confessed troll Jaime Cochran. "First and foremost, to me, trolling is an art," Cochran begins to explain. "It's a way of evoking a reaction." Young, employed and articulate, in many ways Cochran debunks popular stereotypes about trolls. She is no teenage boy, fuelled by foul energy drinks and hormones pushing bile into the cyberspace from the darkness of his bedroom. But she is gleeful when her trolling incites rage. She feels good when being bad. "[Trolling] might be something as banal as insisting men who drink their coffee black aren't real men, because they can't handle the cream and sugar," she says. "I waged a massive rhetorical campaign against Chicago's 'jamband' scene, lampooning its tepidity and lack of originality.
"The blow-back got around to my friends almost instantly, since they are Chicago musicians. I started getting text messages about how mad everyone was getting. I even had a guy who I went on one date with texting me saying he works with a member of one of the bands I was bashing and that he was pissed. "I laugh just thinking about it now. Some people need to learn how to take criticism, especially on the internet. "[It's] stupid, but hilarious." But who's laughing really? The many who believe trolling is a threat to civilisation are not. Those who trolls have chewed up and spat out aren't either. Charlotte Dawson wasn't laughing when she landed in hospital. The father, grieving for his dead 15-year-old girl, was not laughing when he confronted Cochran and other trolls face-to-face last week with the story of how his daughter's online tribute page was defaced by an anonymous troll-gang.
Steven Deguara said there was nothing funny about trolling as he addressed Cochran during a live recording for an Insight trolls special. Though not responsible for his child's posthumous humiliation, Cochran was one of three self-proclaimed trolls who watched Deguara fight back tears while sharing his story. "It was heartbreaking, absolutely heart-breaking," Deguara said afterwards. "These people – trolls – need to know that this isn't funny. Something has to be done. It's not jokes, this is people's lives." Yet the Insight trolls were quick to disassociate themselves from the mourning father's experience. Such behaviour – vicious jokes about deceased teenagers, or targeted campaigns of hate against the weak – doesn't really count as 'trolling', they claimed.
Cochran says what the Deguaras and many others term trolling was little more than "vitriolic bullying" – a form of online abuse distinct and distracting from trolling's "good name". At the very least, Cochran concedes "evil trolling" exists, but that the label does not apply to her. "I try my best to always be facetious, but not malicious," Cochran says. "Most of what I do, I do with great jest and playfulness. I'm not trying to hurt anyone's feelings, I just want to make people think and laugh along the way. "I also look at [trolling] as a form of culture jamming, in the sense that it can disrupt the status quo to hopefully stop and make people think for a moment. I'm an activist as well and absolutely have no problem trolling people that are activists too, even if we're on the same side.
"I troll Anonymous, I troll Occupy, I troll WikiLeaks. I do it because I'd like them to see the hypocrisies of their and our ways and as a reminder that the emperor wears no clothing." From this point of view, Cochran sees the idea trolls are undoing the world as laughable. Thinking trolling damages society is "absolutely ridiculous" she says, rubbishing the so-called "war on trolling" and urging people to focus on other, greater issues. Issues like big banks, home foreclosures, and Justin Bieber, she says, only half-serious. However, even Cochran admits to having concerns about what the world has come to understand as trolling. She believes media attention has seen the troll population swell over the past five years. Not all the new recruits share her "artistic" trolling philosophy. And trolling has made her "slightly more misanthropic", she says. Indeed, the young troll admits to being the victim of cyber-abuse herself. She's familiar with "downright mean and cruel" attacks. Through Cochran maintains such behaviour should be seen as bullying, not trolling. She says she can handle it because she's thick-skinned.
"[Trolling] has become more of a sport than an art and that bums me out," she says. "I enjoy it more when people get the humour, but it's pretty entertaining when people out themselves as crazed cretins online. I've actually trolled people so hard to where they brutally attack my character so viciously that I end up pointing out why they reacted as such, which is often followed by an apology from my target. "Quite the epic troll victory when you can get your 'victim' to apologise to you, the troll." And it's that sense of winning – of triumphing over the bigots, misogynists or cretins – that Cochran says has kept her trolling long after her early, initial adolescent dabbling. Then, she says, she trolled as a pest. Now, Cochran regards herself as dark prankster with a purpose. "I relate a bit to some trolls, mostly the ones who, like myself, put some thought into what they're doing," she says.
"I have a great distaste for tactless trolling and believe it cheapens it as an art form. I steer clear of bullying and malevolent trolling. "If you're not from the internet, you probably won't get it or at least have a skewed perception when you hear the term 'troll', which is unfortunate. Although, that means you're probably great troll fodder for people like me. "Hopefully I've just made people laugh and maybe think about things differently. If I've offended people, then they should take a long hard look at themselves, because what I do is harmless fun. "If I've really offended people, it's probably because they deserved it and that's their own fault."
Chinese state-run media revealed for the first time this week that Beijing's nuclear submarines can attack American cities as a means to counterbalance U.S. nuclear deterrence in the Pacific.
On Monday, leading media outlets including China Central TV, the People's Daily, the Global Times, the PLA Daily, the China Youth Daily and the Guangmin Daily ran identical, top-headlined reports about the “awesomeness” of the People's Liberation Army navy's strategic submarine force.
“This is the first time in 42 years since the establishment of our navy's strategic submarine force that we reveal on such a large scale the secrets of our first-generation underwater nuclear force,” the Global Times said in a lengthy article titled “China for the First Time Possesses Effective Underwater Nuclear Deterrence against the United States.”
The article features 30 photos and graphics detailing, among other things, damage projections for Seattle and Los Angeles after being hit by Chinese nuclear warheads and the deadly radiation that would spread all the way to Chicago.
China's sub fleet is reportedly the world's second-largest, with about 70 vessels. About 10 are nuclear-powered, and four or more of those are nuclear ballistic submarines capable of launching missiles.
Heavily influenced by Soviet naval models that stressed underwater forces, China's nuclear submarine development began with the reverse-engineering of a Soviet Golf-class conventional-powered sub in the 1950s.
PHOTOS: See the Navy's biggest, baddest, destroyer
In the 1980s, China developed its first ballistic missile sub, the Type 092 Xia-class, which has 12 launch tubes for the Julang (Giant Wave)-1 missiles. The JL-1 had a limited range and failed multiple test launches.
In 2010, a new class of missile sub, the Type 094 Jin class, entered the service. It is capable of launching 12 to 16 JL-2 missiles with a range of about 8,700 miles, covering much of the continental U.S. with single or multiple, independently targetable re-entry vehicle warheads.
Chinese calculations for nuclear attacks on the U.S. are chillingly macabre.
“Because the Midwest states of the U.S. are sparsely populated, in order to increase the lethality, [our] nuclear attacks should mainly target the key cities on the West Coast of the United States, such as Seattle, Los Angeles, San Francisco and San Diego,” the Global Times said.
“The 12 JL-2 nuclear warheads carried by one single Type 094 SSBN can kill and wound 5 million to 12 million Americans,” the Global Times reported.
China also has developed land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles — notably the DF-31A, which has a range of 7,000 to 7,500 miles.
“If we launch our DF 31A ICBMs over the North Pole, we can easily destroy a whole list of metropolises on the East Coast and the New England region of the U.S., including Annapolis, Philadelphia, New York, Boston, Portland, Baltimore and Norfolk, whose population accounts for about one-eighth of America's total residents,” the Global Times said.
All the state-run press reports stressed the point that the PLA's missile submarines are now on routine strategic patrol, “which means that China for the first time has acquired the strategic deterrence and second strike capability against the United States.”
“Our JL-2 SLBMs have become the fourth type of Chinese nuclear missiles that threaten the continental United States, after our DF-31A, DF-5A and DF-5B ICBMs,” said the Global Times.
• Miles Yu's column appears Fridays. He can be reached at [email protected] and @Yu_miles.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Provocative billboards urging motorists to “Halt ze German advance” by voting to leave the EU have been spotted next to a motorway.
Pictures of the bizarre posters were shared on social media by angry drivers who labelled them “xenophobic” and “miserable populism”.
The boards, which appear to have been snapped on the M40 in Oxfordshire, play on the stereotypical mispronunciation by German speakers of the word “the” while using the language's word for “stop”.
In full they read: “HALT ze German advance” Vote Leave!”
The posters use the same logo as other promotional material put out by Vote Leave, the official campaign for Brexit.
But on Twitter, Vote Leave denied they were responsible for boards.
In a reply to one user, @vote_leave wrote: “These weren't put up by @Vote_Leave – we don't know who's done them, but hope they'll take them down.”
The group's campaign director Dominic Cummings, who uses the Twitter handle @odysseanproject, blamed wayward Brexit supporters instead of pro-EU campaigners, tweeting: “They are NOT Vote Leave billboards, we don't know who put them up but think it's dummying on our side not [Britain Stronger in Europe].”
Background
I'm in Phoenix this weekend for two reasons. The first is to stay at some ridiculously cheap hotels in Phoenix, given that in summer they more or less pay you to stay here. For example, last night I stayed at the Biltmore and booked a $99 rate through American Express Fine Hotels & Resorts. For booking through Fine Hotels & Resorts I got a $40 breakfast credit, $100 food & beverage credit, upgrade to a named suite, and guaranteed 4PM check-out. And that's in addition to the Hilton HHonors points I earned.
The other reason is to eat at Amy's Baking Company. For those of you that don't know what that is, watch this episode of Gordon Ramsey's “Kitchen Nightmares:”
The short summary of it is that in over 100 shows this is the first restaurant Gordon Ramsey walked away from since they just wouldn't listen. The owner considered anyone that wrote a negative review of the restaurant online to be an “internet bully,” if someone complained about the food they'd kick them out, they paid their servers hourly and took their tips, and in the time they've been open they admit to having gone through hundreds of employees. Oh, and on top of all that their food is (supposedly) more or less store bought. But the best part wasn't even the show, but what they started posting on Facebook after the show when people started giving them a piece of their mind.
My Experience
I decided to go to Amy's Baking Company last night with three friends. I should actually be more accurate and say that I had to drag them there. They weren't willing to go but eventually we compromised by agreeing to first have dinner at a place we knew was good, and then going to Amy's Baking Company to order a few things and nibble on them, so we wouldn't be actively mean/grouchy.
It was a Friday night and around 8PM, so we figured it would be full (not of people dining there for the food, but of people dining there for the “experience”).
As we walked up to the restaurant my heart was literally racing. I was giddy. I felt like I was about to meet a celebrity that I loved to hate.
The most surprising part is that the restaurant was completely empty. Like, there wasn't a single person in it, just Samy standing near the door.
As we entered Samy was extremely nice — “yes… hello… welcome… please sit anywhere… maybe a booth… maybe a table… you want some water… how about some lemon water.” And I use the ellipses because that was all kind of just one run on thought/sentence on his part.
We sat down and were presented with menus, and I did what I could to control my inherent desire to just giggle myself to death. It's worth noting that the restaurant really is beautiful. It's immaculately clean and nicely decorated, and even had Phantom of the Opera music playing.
We looked over the menu and as is discussed in the show they have tons of options, far too many for such a small restaurant.
When it came time to order, we ordered a small pizza margherita, a caprese salad, and then we asked which gnocchi was best.
Samy's response, not surprisingly, was that “they're all delicious and homemade, really all of them are good. But I like the bolognese one.” So we ordered that.
He followed that up with “I don't know if you saw the show, but what you saw on the show was just TV and nothing more. All of our food is amazing and you will see shortly.” We just nodded our heads, and he followed that up with “yeah, and in two to three weeks we will have our own reality show, and you will see the real Amy's Baking Company.” I said “oh, that's exciting, what network will it be on?” He said “oh, we haven't gotten that far yet.” I just responded with “I hope it works out.”
At that point he said “you know we went against the whole internet and we won. The whole world knows about me now and we get the last laugh, we are still around and doing well.” I tried to avoid laughing, given that we were sitting in a completely empty restaurant at 8PM on a Friday night. Did they really win?
But as we waited for our food I actually felt bad. Samy was a really, really nice and attentive guy. He would constantly be over to see if we wanted anything (there weren't any other waitstaff) and was just really pleasant. Is he completely delusional? Well, of course. But he's still nice.
To start we had the caprese salad. It was pretty abysmal. The tomatoes weren't ripe yet and the mozzarella was really “hard,” which just made for a bad, crunchy combo.
Next was the pizza margherita. Perhaps it was meant to be that way, but I wish the cheese would have been melted a bit more, because it fell right off. The crust was abysmal. While it wasn't raw, but it tasted like a microwaved frozen pie crust.
Then we shared an order of the baked gnocchi bolognese. Again, I don't know if they're just morally opposed to (probably re)heating stuff properly, but the cheese wasn't melted all the way.
We sat there for a while enjoying the wonderful ambiance, and two other diners came in and shared a pizza. I couldn't tell if they just randomly stumbled on the place or were there for the “experience,” but they seemed oddly calm and non-giggly.
Eventually a young couple came in and just ordered a piece of cake to go. They were laughing as they walked in and asked for a picture with Samy, and he kindly obliged. Then they asked for a picture with Amy. Samy initially said she was busy in the kitchen, but after he realized they were friendly she agreed to a picture as well.
The couple said they'd have to come back some time for dinner, and Samy said “yes yes, you must,” and he looked over to the table that was eating the pizza and said “you tell them how delicious the food is.” They said — and I can't tell if they were being sarcastic or not — “it's great, the crust is amazing!”
Anyway, then we had dessert, which was beautifully displayed.
We ordered a piece of chocolate mousse cake and a tart that said “MEOW” on it, I assume named after Amy's three children (trapped in cat bodies).
Conclusion
Going to Amy's Baking Company was a dream come true. I know I might sound totally crazy or sarcastic for saying that, but this is just one of those weird things I wanted to experience.
Yes, the food is as bad as Gordon says. Yes, the owners are delusional and convinced that their food is worthy of multiple Michelin stars.
But I actually… how do I say this… felt a little bit bad for them. Samy was such a nice guy and seemed to have a decent head on his shoulders. Amy is a different story, so I'm not sure what to make of all of it. The one last thing I should mention is that I didn't fill one of my dining companions in on the story, so she actually didn't know the story behind the place until after we left. On our way out she briefly talked to Amy and said “something doesn't seem right with that woman.”
But seriously, this was probably the highlight of my year. Yeah, I'm that cool.
PS: If anyone's looking for a job…
In exchange first reported by the Washington Post, House majority leader suggested to members that Trump was on Putin's payroll – but claims it was a joke
In a 2016 conversation with fellow members of House leadership, the majority leader, Kevin McCarthy, suggested that Donald Trump was on Vladimir Putin's payroll.
In an exchange first reported by the Washington Post, McCarthy said: “There's …there's two people, I think, Putin pays: [California Representative Dana] Rohrabacher and Trump … [laughter] … swear to God.”
Former FBI head Robert Mueller to oversee Trump-Russia investigation Read more
According to the transcript, speaker Paul Ryan immediately responded: “This is an off-the-record … [laughter] … NO LEAKS … [laughter] … alright?!”
On Wednesday night, Ryan's spokesman, Brendan Buck, said in a statement to the Guardian: “This entire year-old exchange was clearly an attempt at humor. No one believed the majority leader was seriously asserting that Donald Trump or any of our members were being paid by the Russians.”
He added: “What's more, the speaker and leadership team have repeatedly spoken out against Russia's interference in our election, and the House continues to investigate that activity.”
Both Buck and a spokesman for McCarthy initially denied the remarks; the Washington Post listened to and verified an audio recording of the conversation. McCarthy's spokesman did not respond to the Guardian's request for comment. However, he tweeted: “This was an attempt at humor gone wrong. No surprise @WashingtonPost tried to contort this into breaking news.”
Kevin McCarthy (@GOPLeader) This was an attempt at humor gone wrong. No surprise @WashingtonPost tried to contort this into breaking news.
Trump's ties to Russia have been the subject of bipartisan concern and, on Wednesday, the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, appointed a special counsel to investigate the matter as well as Russian attempts to influence the 2016 election.
The McCarthy conversation came shortly after both McCarthy and Ryan had been briefed by the Ukrainian prime minister, Volodymyr Groysman, about Russian attempts to undermine democratic institutions in eastern Europe, and a day after it was reported that Russia had successfully hacked the DNC.
At the time, Ryan had still not endorsed Trump but McCarthy had already signed up to become a Trump delegate to the RNC and formally endorsed the real estate developer's campaign.
At least some Democrats raised concerns about the statement. The California congressman Eric Swalwell, a member of the House intelligence committee, said the remark raised questions about whether the majority leader had additional information on the “relationship the president had with President Putin”.
Comey, Russia and a 'smoking gun': a roundup of Trump's current woes Read more
“If it was said they had their own concerns and so far they have done nothing to address concerns about the president's ties to Russia,” Swalwell told reporters. “So I just want to know, were these concerns based on separate information that the majority leader had or had been told?”
Rohrabacher, who has a history of expressing support for the Putin regime and has been described as “Putin's favorite congressman”, told the Guardian on Wednesday night that McCarthy had reassured him it was a joke.
He said that the majority leader approached him on the floor during votes on Wednesday evening to ensure that he knew that the remark was intended as a joke.
“Kevin didn't mean any harm, I'm sure,” said Rohrabacher told reporters.
“You have to be very careful when you're using humor,” he said, recalling a joke he made during a hearing.
“I remember I was trying to make fun of the scientist who claimed that cow farts make global warming,” Rohrabacher said. “And so at a hearing I said, ‘Oh, do you think maybe the dinosaurs disappeared because of dinosaur flatulence?'”
To this day, he said environmentalists still fault him for believing “that dinosaur flatulence killed the dinosaurs”.
Array ( [actionDate] => 2015-11-19 [displayText] => Passed/agreed to in House: On passage Passed by recorded vote: 241 - 185 (Roll no. 641). [externalActionCode] => 8000 [description] => Passed House )
Here are the steps for Status of Legislation:
There are 2 summaries for H.R.3189. Passed House amended (11/19/2015) Introduced in House (07/23/2015) Bill summaries are authored by CRS
Shown Here:
Passed House amended (11/19/2015)
Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015 or the FORM Act of 2015
(Sec. 1) This bill amends the Federal Reserve Act to require the Chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), within 48 hours after the end of a FOMC meeting, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the Government Accountability Office (GAO) a Directive Policy Rule, meeting specified criteria, accompanied by a statement identifying the FOMC members voting in its favor.
A Directive Policy Rule shall describe the FOMC strategy or rule for the systematic quantitative adjustment of a Policy Instrument Target to:
respond to a change in specified Intermediate Policy Inputs, and
provide the basis for an Open Market Operations Directive to achieve a specified Policy Instrument Target presented by the FOMC to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to guide open-market operations.
The GAO shall determine if a Directive Policy Rule has materially changed from the rule most recently submitted, and the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board) must testify within seven legislative days before certain congressional committees as to why any noncompliance exists.
The GAO must also, upon congressional request, audit the conduct of monetary policy by the Board and the FOMC.
(Sec. 2) A blackout period shall take place starting one week before an FOMC meeting and ending midnight of the day of its completion. During the black-out period only specified public communications are permissible by members and FOMC staff with respect to either macroeconomic or financial developments or about current or prospective monetary policy issues.
(Sec. 4) FMOC membership shall increase from five to six representatives of the Federal Reserve Banks. The selection process for representatives is revised, in part to divide elections from different Banks into odd-numbered and even-numbered calendar years.
(Sec. 5) The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended to require the Board, before adopting sets of conditions for stress tests of nonbank financial companies it supervises and bank holding companies, to: (1) first issue regulations for them, subject to public notice and comment, which shall include methodologies and models used to estimate losses on certain assets; and (2) before publishing them submit copies of such regulations to the GAO and the Panel of Economic Advisors of the Congressional Budget Office.
Stress test requirements used by the Board shall apply to all stress tests performed under the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review exercise.
The Board shall also publish:
the aggregate number of supervisory letters sent since the enactment of this Act to bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, and keep this number updated; as well as
the aggregate numbers designated "Matters Requiring Attention" and "Matters Requiring Immediate Attention."
(Sec. 6) The Federal Reserve Act is further amended to increase from semiannual to quarterly the Board Chairman's appearances before Congress.
(Sec. 7) The Board's Vice Chairman for Supervision, as part of Board testimony before specified congressional committees, shall report on the status of proposed and anticipated rulemakings. If the Vice Chairman for Supervision position is vacant, the Board's Vice Chairman shall fulfill the statutory requirement for semi-annual testimony.
(Sec. 8) Before issuing any regulation the Board must consider specified economic impacts.
When deciding whether to regulate, the Board must:
assess the costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives, and
consider a regulation's impact upon certain areas of economic activity.
In its final rule the Board must: (1) explain the nature of comments that it received together with a response to them; and (2) make a postadoption impact assessment of the costs, benefits, and intended and unintended consequences of any "major rule" adopted or amended.
(Sec. 9) Board members and employees shall be subject to the same ethics standards, prohibitions, and restrictions as apply to employees of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with respect to financial interests, transactions, outside employment and activities, and Office of Personnel Management employee responsibilities and conduct regulations.
The Board shall make publicly available on its website a searchable database of all Board members, officers, and employees who receive an annual salary above the annual rate of basic pay for GS-15 of the General Schedule, including yearly salary information and any nonsalary compensation such staff receive.
Each Board member may employ at least two individuals.
(Sec. 10) Both the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act are revised to require the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Board, respectively, in the process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, to solicit public comment and issue public reports, including a notice of agreement.
The Department of the Treasury, the Comptroller of the Currency, and the SEC shall likewise be subject to these same requirements for their participation in similar processes.
(Sec. 11) The authority of the Federal Reserve Board to discount notes, drafts, and bills of exchange secured to a Federal Reserve Bank's satisfaction in unusual and exigent circumstances shall be limited to only those circumstances posing a threat to U.S. financial stability. The affirmative vote of at least nine presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks shall be necessary for a discount decision, in addition to (as under current law) the affirmative vote of five Board members.
Federal Reserve Banks may not accept as collateral for an emergency loan any equity securities issued by the recipient of the loan or of other financial assistance.
No applicant shall be eligible to borrow from any emergency lending program or facility unless the Board and all applicable federal banking regulators certify that the applicant is not insolvent.
The Board, within six months of the enactment of this Act, shall adopt a rule:
establishing a method for determining the sufficiency of collateral pledged to secure lending,
acceptable classes of collateral,
the amount of any discount of the lendable value of collateral for a loan that the Federal Reserve Banks will apply to calculate the sufficiency of the collateral, and
a method for obtaining independent appraisals of the collateral the Federal Reserve Banks receive.
The Board, also within six months of the enactment of this Act, shall by rule establish a minimum interest rate on the principal amount of any emergency loan or financial assistance to a recipient. The applicable minimum interest rate shall be the sum of:
the most recent 90-day average of the secondary discount rate of all Federal Reserve Banks; plus
the most recent 90-day average of the difference between a distressed corporate bond yield index and a bond yield index of debt issued by the United States.
The bill limits discounts under the lending program to participants that are financial institutions, excluding federal, state, and local government agencies.
(Sec. 12) The FOMC shall determine the interest rates on balances maintained at a Federal Reserve Bank by or on behalf of a depository institution.
(Sec. 13) The GAO shall audit annually both the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Banks within 12 months after enactment of this Act.
(Sec. 14) The Board, shall, as part of its monthly "Industrial Production or Capacity Utilization" statistical release (or any successor release), analyze:
the impact on the index described in the statistical release because of the operation of the Export-Import Bank; and
the amount of foreign industrial production supported by foreign export credit agencies, using the same method used to measure industrial production in the statistical release and scaled to be comparable to the industrial production measurement for the United States.
(Sec. 15) The Federal Reserve Act is amended to require that, with respect to the election or designation of Class B and C directors of Federal Reserve District Banks, due consideration be given to the interests of traditionally underserved communities and populations.
(Sec. 16) Centennial Monetary Commission Act of 2015
The bill establishes a Centennial Monetary Commission to examine how U.S. monetary policy since the creation of the Board in 1913 has affected the performance of the U.S. economy in terms of output, employment, prices, and financial stability over time.
(Sec. 17) The Federal Reserve Act is amended to state that the portion of net earnings of each Federal Reserve Bank which remains after dividend claims have been fully met shall no longer be deposited in the Bank's surplus fund but shall be transferred to the Board for transfer to the Treasury general fund. The Federal Reserve Banks shall also transfer all their current surplus funds to the Board for transfer to the Treasury general fund.
(Sec. 18) The FOMC shall record and make available to the public the full transcript of all of its meetings.
For almost a decade, I have been involved in online fat-positive community spaces. For the last eight years, I have been writing and working as a fat activist, moving more offline over the past few years as I head into academia. So I expected to get some pushback on the Tumblr from people who are upset the idea of fat people loving their bodies. But the sheer amount of hatred took me by surprise. On my first day moderating the blog, I logged on to find my inbox filled with messages from a single person who wrote the word "FAT" hundreds of times in ten messages that filled my screen.
Frankly, I found someone wasting their time copying-and-pasting a word we use to define our own bodies amusing. It was then that I decided to document the trolling we got for an entire year and turn it into an art project. I started taking screenshots of the messages. Some days I would only get a few and other days I would get a hundred. My intent in the beginning of this was to create a visual representation of the hatred that feminists and activists online have to deal with. Over the time I archived the attacks of anti-fat trolls, I began to see that while there were a few individuals who were continually sending vitriolic messages, trolling wasn't the work of just a few bad apples. Instead, there were many, many people who sent us mean messages saying that they simply thought the blog shouldn't exist. This is similar to the way fat people experience the world offline—there are a handful of folks who will make nasty overt comments, but many, many ways we are subtly told that we shouldn't exist.
In April, Lindsey Averill and Veridiana Lieberman launched a Kickstarter campaign for their documentary Fattitude, a feature-length film that will seek to "expose how popular culture fosters fat prejudice" and offer an alternative approach to thinking about fatness. When the campaign began, Averill and Veridiana were instantly attacked online. People wrote vitriolic messages to them on Twitter and on the project's social media sites, saying that the film shouldn't exist. The online abuse spread into their home lives—people called Averill to harass her, so she changed her number. Then someone anonymously ordered her a pizza. In an interview with a local TV station, Averill says she knows that this isn't just about trying to make a fat woman feel bad by sending her a pizza. "They are telling me they know where I live," she says.
The motivations behind this kind of behavior are bigger than just wanting to be anonymously nasty to someone. Feminists who seek to deconstruct dominant narratives about race, gender, class, body size and other forms of marginalization online are often subjected to calculated and destructive trolling campaigns that go far beyond individual attacks and instead seek to damage their work and lives.
[Content Note: Fat hatred; racism; threats; eliminationism; harassment; stalking; abuse.]Fierce fat activist (and my friend) Amanda Levitt has written a stellar piece forabout trolling, with a central focus on the trolling of fat activists.One of the important ideas Amanda is documenting here is something about which I've written before —that the internet is notculture, but aculture. The pretense that the anonymity of the internet creates the urges that underlie bullying is a way of distancing oneself from the real-life harm many marginalized people face, ignores that many people engaging in trolling come at us under their real names and even work emails, and elides that whatever anonymity and/or impunity the internet provides merely empowers bullies to be uglier, meaner, bolder than some of them would be face-to-face. It doesn't make them engage in behaviors that don't exist in the offline world.As I've said many times before, it's not like any random dude ever called me a fat cunt before I started a blog.Amanda also effectively knocks down that this is just the product of a " small but vocal group "—another rhetorical mechanism people use to try to distance themselves and diminish the harm done via trolling to people from marginalized populations.The opening salvo to a conversation about the trollery directed at fat women is to document what it looks like and who's doing it and why, in a way that transcends the usual dismissals. Amanda has accomplished that here, and her piece urges people to care about what's happening to fat activists.Especially all those people who purport to be so very concerned about ourahem. Because this isn't remotely a healthy environment for fat activists, or for the people for whom we advocate.If you care about our health, maybe start there.Two famously unmoderated Shakesville threads— Rape is Hilarious (trigger warning) and Fat Princess Update —give a glimpse behind the curtain of the sort of violent fat hatred that is directed at me. And, as perfectly documented in Amanda's piece, when trolls are cut off at one source, they take it to another. That is, if they're moderated here, they come to my inbox.And when our inboxes don't satisfy, the aggression escalates. Amanda again:It isn't just a "small but vocal group" who are using the anonymity of the internet to annoy fat advocates and others. To continue to believe this lie is to facilitate the indifference in the shadow of which this chilling abuse is perpetrated.Please read the whole thing
Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal gestures during a joint news conference with his French counterpart Laurent Fabius in Riyadh April 12, 2015. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser
RIYADH (Reuters) - Former Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal died on Thursday, Saudi Arabian sources and media close to the kingdom's ruling family reported, two months after he was replaced following 40 years in the job.
Prince Saud, who was 75, was the world's longest serving foreign minister when replaced on April 29 by Adel al-Jubeir, the then-ambassador to Washington. The Al-Arabiya channel, which is close to King Salman's branch of the ruling family, confirmed the news.
Prince Saud retained an influential position in Saudi foreign policy circles even after his replacement, serving as an official adviser to King Salman, who took power in January, and was sometimes present when foreign leaders met the monarch.
Related Coverage Saudi former veteran foreign minister Prince Saud al-Faisal dies
Even before the 2011 Arab Spring, when Saudi Arabia faced unprecedented regional tumult, Prince Saud was a significant player in Middle East diplomacy, a landscape that had changed radically since October 1975 when he was appointed.
Egypt and Israel had not yet made peace, Yasser Arafat led the Palestine Liberation Organisation from shell-pocked refugee camps in Lebanon, Iran's shah ruled from his Peacock Throne and, in Iraq, a young Saddam Hussein was plotting his path to power.
Prince Saud's tenure covered Israeli invasions of Lebanon in 1978, 1982 and 2006, the Palestinian intifadas that erupted in 1987 and 2000, Iraq's invasion of Iran in 1980 and Kuwait in 1990, and a U.S.-led coalition's occupation of Iraq in 2003.
Follow CNN's Matthew Chance on Twitter for the latest updates from Tripoli.
Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- The Moammar Gadhafi loyalists who had been holding journalists in Tripoli's Rixos Hotel for five days "essentially just capitulated" upon realizing that most of the rest of the city had fallen to rebels, CNN's Matthew Chance said after his release Wednesday.
Their release ended what some were beginning to fear was a hostage situation for the three dozen journalists who had been kept inside the blacked-out hotel as fighters loyal to the National Transitional Council fought their way into the Libyan capital. Chance, a senior international correspondent for CNN, said "the reality slowly dawned" on their guards that Gadhafi's government was collapsing.
"They really believed that Gadhafi was coming back, that he was beating the rebels," Chance said after his release. "That's what the government line has been on this all along."
But as the rebels advanced through the city and overran Gadhafi's Bab al-Aziziya compound on Tuesday, "It became more and more obvious that there was nothing really outside of the hotel that was in Gadhafi's control."
Wednesday, the guards handed over their weapons and told the journalists, "We're going to let you go," Chance said. The release was coordinated through the International Committee of the Red Cross, which, along with the BBC, provided cars to drive them out.
CNN producer Jomana Karadsheh said the men who held them "really did not know what the scenes on the streets of Tripoli were like." Shortly before the guards gave up, she said, one guard asked a companion, "You were out there -- tell me, what's really going on? Is it what they are telling us?"
Chance called the experience a "nightmare," saying the journalists wept with relief after their release. The "die-hard Gadhafi loyalists" who held them thought they were NATO spies, he said. On Tuesday, one shouted "I suppose you're happy now that they're killing Libyans," he said.
The reporters had been bandying about "all kinds of paranoid scenarios" about what would be done to them, like being used as human shields or executed "by some lunatic hard-liner," Chance said. But in the end, all were released unharmed.
"Everybody's been hugging each other," Chance said. "People who have been living cheek-to-jowl for the past five days, sleeping in the corridors, wondering whether we were going to make it -- it's all very emotional," he said.
iReport: Are you in Libya? Share photos
Chance had described on Twitter the process of going free, piling into a car with other journalists, and driving away from the hotel that had become a virtual prison.
"I can see the NTC rebels. We are nearly there!" he wrote, followed a moment later by: "Rixos crisis ends. All journalists are out!"
Why Mike Trout is the AL MVP
At the end of the MLB regular season, I wrote a long, rambling diatribe explaining why Mike Trout should be the American League MVP. It was laced with charts, stats, and condescension. The problem was that every time I tried to finish or edit this monstrosity, I felt like I was looking at Carrie Mathison's 65-page college missive deconstructing music theory. It wasn't that I was wrong. I was, and remain, absolutely correct. You just had to wade knee-deep through convoluted evidence piled on top of itself to get to the point I was trying to make. Short version: I wrote something that sucked. Here's take two. As Ringo Starr would say, forgive the lateness of my reply.
On November 15, Miguel Cabrera will be named 2012 AL MVP. He will not deserve it. He won't be the worst choice in history; not by a longshot. The case for Cabrera is relatively straightforward: He had an awesome offensive season. He won the Triple Crown. His team made the playoffs. He's a future Hall of Famer in his prime who has never won the award despite several MVP-caliber seasons. That's all well and good, but Trout had a better year (apologies to the Justin Verlanders and Robinson Canos of the world, but this is a two-man race).
To the first point, Cabrera did indeed have a wonderful season at the plate. The problem is that it was only slightly better than Trout's. They finished first and second in pretty much every advanced offensive category (it was about 50/50 who was first and who was second). That Trout missed the first month of the season makes his year all the more impressive. He doesn't get credit for it, but it's pretty remarkable that Trout could provide roughly the same offensive value in 5/6 the time. I'll be honest when I say that I don't understand the intricacies of most advanced statistics, but I believe them to be accurate—the offensive ones, at least. There are some more basic stats that tell the tale. Cabrera led MLB with 377 total bases, while Trout had 315. Factor in walks, HBP, stolen bases and caught stealing, and then Cabrera leads 449-432. That still doesn't factor in the full weight of speed on offense, ignoring Trout's ability to go from first to third or score from second on a single or from third on a short sac fly; not to mention Cabrera's staggering 28 GIDP. A simple but useful metric, Baseball Reference's WAR, has Trout ahead of Cabrera 8.6-7.4. Defensively, these two men are near polar opposites. Trout plays an outstanding centerfield, while Cabrera was, charitably, sub-mediocre at third base (I've heard the term “butcher” thrown around). With defense factored in, BBRef has Trout's WAR at 10.7, with Cabrera's at 6.9. Did Cabrera have a superb offensive season? Absolutely. Was Trout's roughly equal, only with the added bonus of top-notch defense? Without question.
The Triple Crown seems to be the driving force behind Cabrera's campaign, which is rather silly. If Josh Hamilton or Curtis Granderson had hit two more home runs this season, would that have made Cabrera any less valuable? Never mind that RBI is a stat that indicates little other than opportunity and basic competence. Even accounting for the lack of meaning in the Triple Crown, we can look at history and see how past MVP voters valued the statistical anomaly. There have been 11 Triple Crown winners during an era with either the MVP or its equivalent, including Miguel Cabrera. Of the other 10, only six won the award: Rogers Hornsby (NL 1925), Jimmie Foxx (AL 1933), “Ducky” Joe Medwick (NL 1937), Mickey Mantle (AL 1956), Frank Robinson (AL 1966), Carl Yastrzemski (AL 1967). Of these six men, all but Frank Robinson led their league in WAR and led their team to the playoffs. Robinson finished behind WAR leader Earl Wilson by 0.2, but Wilson pitched that season for both the third place Tigers and ninth place Red Sox and finished 18-11 with a 3.04 ERA and 200 Ks. He finished a distant 14th in MVP voting, but would have been a singularly strange choice to win.
What of the other 4 men?
In 1933, Chuck Klein won the Triple Crown but finished second in the NL MVP voting. His Phillies finished seventh out of eight teams, 31.0 games behind the NY Giants. Those Giants featured ace Carl Hubbell, who beat out Klein for the MVP award. Hubbell also led the league with an 8.6 WAR, while Klein had the third best at 7.3
In 1934, Lou Gehrig somehow won the Triple Crown but only managed a fifth place finish in the MVP voting. The Yankees finished second in the league with 94 wins, 7.0 games back of the Detroit Tigers. Detroit catcher Mickey Cochrane won the award, despite finishing the season with a 3.7 WAR. Tigers teammates Charlie Gehringer (8.1) and Schoolboy Rowe (6.6) also finished ahead of Gehrig, as did Yankees pitcher Lefty Gomez (7.4). Gehrig led the league with 10.1 wins above replacement.
Ted Williams managed to win two Triple Crowns, but finished second in the MVP award both years to Yankees. In 1942, Williams lost out to Joe Gordon, whose Yankees won the American League by 9.0 games over second place Boston. Williams led the AL in WAR with 10.2, while Gordon finished second with 7.8. After a stint in the military, Williams again won the Triple Crown in 1947, this time finishing second in MVP voting behind Joe Dimaggio. That year, the Yankees won the AL, leading third place Boston by 16.0 games. Again, Williams led the AL with a 9.6 WAR. Lou Boudreau was second with 7.2, while Dimaggio was ninth in the AL with 4.5 wins above replacement.
What do these exceptions tell us? In the first few decades of MVP voting, baseball writers had a very simple formula: look at the team with the best record and pick their best player. Of course, they couldn't even get that right, as shown in 1934, but that was the idea. This method managed to get it right in '33 by snubbing the Triple Crown winner, but made baffling decisions in '34, '42, and '47. The point is this: saying a Triple Crown winner should automatically win the MVP is patently absurd when they have lost 40% of the time.
But that voting methodology persists to this day. Writers and talking heads are constantly declaring that “It's not the best, but the most valuable.” In a sport like baseball, however, the best is the most valuable. In basketball, football, hockey, and nearly every other team sport, team dynamics matter. Baseball is often described as an individual sport disguised as a team sport, but that allows us to clearly delineate who made what contribution to a team's season-long record. Trout made his team 10 wins better, while Cabrera made his team seven wins better. That the Angels missed the playoffs while Detroit made it has more to do with supporting casts and divisional strength. Arguing that the Tigers making the playoffs somehow means Cabrera was more valuable is ludicrous. For one, the Angels won more games than the Tigers. In fact, Detroit finished with the seventh best record in the American League in 2012. If we can agree that modern baseball has a system in place that can allow such a team into the playoffs, we should also be able to agree that voting based on what shows up in your newspaper's box score is outdated and ineffective.
The last argument is both absurd and hard to refute. In truly tied situations, I'm not averse to using how the voting will look to future generations as a tiebreaker. Of course, future generations will be increasingly statistically savvy, but there is also the possibility that Trout will have been a fluke. 20 years from now, there's a chance that Zombified Murray Chass will say, “I can't believe Cabrera never won an MVP! Especially that one year when he won the Triple Crown but we gave it to that rookie who never came close to his first full season.” Trout has the talent to have exemplary seasons for the next 10-15 years, but I don't know that he will. It's reasonably likely that he'll never have this good of a season again: not many have, especially in recent history. Cabrera, on the other hand, will keep doing what he does. In fact, he may very well have better seasons: he did in both 2010 and 2011. So yes, if it were tied, you could argue this point and give it to Cabrera and I wouldn't complain. But it's not tied – hell, it's not even that close.
Mike Trout will almost certainly not win this year's MVP award. He'll have to settle for some exasperated nerds pleading his case on the Internet, and the hope that his case may force writers and fans to become better informed. That, and his millions of dollars, his solid-gold house, and his rocket car.
Who should win the AL MVP?
CLICK THE LINKS BELOW TO CHECK OUT:
Why Miguel Cabrera is the AL MVP
One-on-One with Israel Idonije of the Chicago Bears: Part One
One-on-One with Israel Idonije of the Chicago Bears: Part Two
Lance Armstrong & the Harvey Dent Conundrum
10/19 UPDATE: Dominique White's family says they're still waiting for answers in officer-involved shooting Click here for more
The man shot by Topeka police officers Thursday morning has died.
The Lawrence Police Dept. identified the man as 30-year-old Dominique Tyrell White, of Topeka.
New details from the Topeka Police Dept. indicates officers responded around 9:30 a.m. to reports of shots fired near SE 3rd Street and SE Lawrence Street, near Ripley Park. After arriving, officers encountered White near 2nd and Lime and there was an altercation.
The police's news release indicated that after officers saw he had a handgun when they tried to secure the gun,and the man struggled with officers and tried to run off.
The news release says "While fleeing from officers, the individual reached for the pocket contacting the firearm, causing the officers to fire their weapons. The individual was taken to the hospital with life threatening injuries."
Capt. Mike Cross told 13 NEWS two TPD officers administered first-aid until emergency responders arrived. He was rushed to a local hospital where he died.
Police have not released the name of the man killed nor the officers involved in the shooting. Both officers were placed on leave as per standard protocol, police confirmed.
Investigators with the Topeka Police Dept., Shawnee Co. Sheriff's Office, and Kansas Highway Patrol all responded to the scene and a large crowd had gathered in the area.
Police say they've recovered the gun from the scene. Investigators believe they have identified everyone involved and there is no danger to the public.
Cross described the crowd as 'agitated,' but also noted that people tend to gather like this when something is happening in their neighborhood.
The Lawrence Police Dept. has taken over the investigation into the shooting, TPD said. Johnson Co. Crime Lab will be conducting the forensic investigation of the scene.
LPD is asking anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or the events surrounding the incident, is asked to contact the Douglas County Emergency Communications Center at (785)832-7509
When most non-comic fans reflect upon the quintessential superhero, i'm quite sure most don't think of the Flash. Don't get me wrong, he's pretty well-known, but as a secondary template of hero. To illustrate, most parodies or satirical works on superheroes cast either a Superman analogue (Captain Hero in Drawn Together, Metro-Man in Megamind) or a Batman analogue (The Cape) or even a Spider-Man analogue ( Danny Phantom ). The only time we see characters modeled on the Flash,it's as a background character. Do you remember the super-fast “E-Male” from The PowerPuff Girls? Exactly. As far as most people are concerned, the Flash is the Hufflepuff of DC Comics, just there to even out the group portrait. I would say, however,that the reason he's often regarded as “just another superhero” is because he codifies the genre more than any other character.
Flash: Rebirth #5 January 2010
The comic character known as “The Flash” has been a fixture of DC Comics for several decades, with the title passing between several characters. The first was Jay Garrick, a man who accidentally inhaled “hard water fumes”, which is literally just water with high mineral content. It was the 40's, they didn't know better.
Flash Comics #1 March 1940
Flash Vol 1 #123 September 1961
Following him was the most recognizable Flash for comic fans, Barry Allen. Barry's origin was somewhat less silly: while working at his job as a forensic scientist, a lightning bolt hits a bunch of chemicals in his lab, which douse him and bestow super speed.
Later on this is retroactively changed into a quasi-mystical energy called the “Speed Force” which chose him as a champion.Personally, I prefer the lightning bolt; the idea of speed being a “force” is kind of stupid. After Barry, a kid named Wally West later had the exact same accident befall him, which allowed him to become Barry's inventively named sidekick Kid Flash.
When Barry “died” ( long story ) Wally replaced him. Wally is the same Flash in the animated series Justice League; he was used due to his more lighthearted nature in comparison to the other, more dour, Leaguers. As stated, Flash has always been the good ole standby for the Justice League,being a member of the very first incarnation and even being part of the predecessor to the league: the Justice Society of America.
One thing that's important to remember about the superhero genre is that it's a) relatively new b) highly derivative. The first appearance of Superman, the first character to be considered a superhero, was in the 1932, which was after pulp heroes such as The Shadow and Zorro. Both characters have been retroactively deemed superheroes in pop culture due to having features such as secret identities, outlandish costumes,and superior abilities. That kind of challenges the whole “first superhero” title Superman holds. The genre as a whole draws mostly from classical narratives like Gilgamesh, which told tales of men with extraordinary abilities. Superman was based on the mythical strongmen Samson and Hercules.
His suit was made to look like a “space-man's” according to his creators Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, something akin to the outfits from the Flash Gordon pulp series. They even threw in some circus performer aspects, specifically the outside undies and the cape. It's often claimed that when it comes to writing, there are no original ideas, which is definitely true of Superman. Not to say he's not a unique character, it's just easy to trace his inspirations, like most major superheroes. Batman had clear inspiration from the shadowy, morally ambiguous pulp heroes who preceded the genre, not to mention some Gothic horror influence in his early stories ( particularly the early design for his costume ). The modern Green Lantern mythos wouldn't be out of place in Star Wars or any other space fantasy story. Pretty much any character could be thrown into a different genre with only a few changes, especially since many characters are only superheroes due to association with others (John Constantine, for instance).
The genre links several disparate themes into a hodgepodge whole due to loose narrative conventions (motivation, costumes, etc). While most have many of these themes in common, superheroes are still defined primarily by presupposition. What's so unique about the Flash and his world is that it hits every convention nail on its head with as little variation as possible. His initial origin is as comic booky as they come: a freak lab accident bestows powers. It has the sci-fi aspects present in most superhero stories, which always make sure to incorporate as little science as possible. Its the most expedient of superhero origins, with little in the way of allegory.There isn't even a motivation given for his heroism; his job as a forensic scientist makes it a given. Barry Allen's quickness to heroism ( pun unintended ) is lauded by Batman who once said “he is the man i hope i would have been if my parents didn't die”. His simple transition into heroism only makes sense in a genre where becoming a hero is the only real option.
In addition, the Flashes just look superheroic, with their bright primary colored suits with identity concealing masks. Even super speed itself is such a uniquely supeheroic power: while there are super fast characters in myth, their speed is often but one facet of their power. The Flashes are all about being fast, to the point where speed is their whole motif. Flash is one of the first superheroes to be fully formed from the genre itself. Unlike most other superheroes, the Flashes are characters that only makes sense as superheroes. Could you imagine a hard-boiled noir with a bucket-headed speedster? What about a space opera with a super fast forensic scientist? Of course not; that's just silly. The Flash could only be a superhero.
Final Crisis: Rogues Revenge ( 2008 )
Flash's rogues gallery follows suit by being mostly comprised of guys who literally could have done ANYTHING more productive than being villains, yet became villains anyway ( they're even called “The Rogues” ). For example, one of his most persistent ( if not quite effectual ) villains is Leonard Snart aka Captain Cold, the eskimo of pain! This guy stole a cyclotron gun that slows molecules in objects, making them freeze.
Showcase #8 June 1957
Imagine all of the practical uses of such a thing; it would probably revolutionize the refrigerator industry. So of course he decides to dress up like a fucking eskimo, try to rob banks and occasionally try to shoot the fastest thing in the world with a gun. That won't even kill him, mind you. Not that he would even dream it, he only wants to fight the Flash, not kill him.
Cold treats being a super-villain like a role in a play; the goal is to keep the conflict going, not end it. At one point, he's questioned by a Central City police officer who lampshades the impracticality of his line of work, to which he succinctly responds “You smoke cigarettes. We all do things that are impractical“. He's joined by fellow Rogues Trickster, Captain Boomerang, Heat Wave and others, all of whom wield advanced technology with the sole purpose of dicking around Central City. Captain Cold acts as the team's director, teaching all of them how to play their parts appropriately. When a villain called Inertia tricks the Rogues into killing the Flash ( long story ),the Rogues are immediately remorseful and when Flash comes back to life, as per his contractual immortality, he not only apprehends Inertia, he delivers him to the Flash in order to make amends. It would be hard to imagine, say, the Green Goblin performing such an act for Spider-Man. There's even an issue where the Flash goes to a party the Rogues throw just for the hell of it.
Flash #19 January 1988
The relationship the Flashes have with their Rogues can be summed up in this clip from the Justice League Unlimited episode Flash and Substance ( February 11 2006)
Whereas most comic franchises have been trying to distinguish their specific brands from usual superhero fare, the Flash franchise chooses to actually emphasize its entrenchment in the genre. This is especially important in the Geoff Johns guided DC world of the 2000's. Geoff engineered an overall return to the Silver Age of comics, with all of the old heroes returning (Green Lantern Hal Jordan, Ray Palmer aka The Atom, etc) which began with the resurrection of Barry Allen.
For those who don't know, the Silver Age of Comics refers to a time period between 1956-1970, during which the genre was at its most whimsical.
One could compare it to the Age of Romanticism in Western art, which focused on grandiose narratives and larger than life characters. The Flash mythos has been used to great effect to reconstruct the conventions of the Silver Age. For example, Captain Cold was revealed to have been physically abused as a child, inspiring his chilly demeanor (pun intended). Rather than turn this into a deconstruction of the usual super-villain motivation, it instead adds depth to the character and casts his decision to be a super-villain as a method of escapism. Captain Cold is still the goofy looking guy from the 60's, he just happens to have a less happy childhood than imagined. Just as being Captain Cold allows Leonard Snart to enjoy a fantasy unattainable in regular life, reading superhero comics allows a reader to enjoy a world outside of their own.
While deconstructive series such as The Watchmen (1986) qualify the structural issues of the genre, reconstructive series like The Flash remake them even better than before. The Flash mythos coheres modern superhero conventions with the old, while still remaining escapist. Flash fights crime because he's a superhero, and his villains commit crimes because they are villains. Nothing too confusing. As Shakespeare once said “All of the world is a stage and we're all players”
For more posts on comic book superheroes:
The Lois Lane Effect
Ben Affleck as Batman: Why So Serious?
Bat In The Belfry: Batman as a Heroic Psychopath
Superstitious and Cowardly Cops: Police Corruption in Gotham City
Superman as Defined by Lex Luthor
From Comic To TV: Green Arrow as Adapted into CW's “Arrow”
Journey of Peter Parker from Amazing Fantasy to Amazing Spider-Man
The Best Spider-Man Issue Ever/Why Spider-Man Is A Classic Anti-Hero
Iron Man: Real American Hero
Iron Man 3 Review
Thor: The Dark World Review
For more info on Flash:
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheFlash http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Flash
Recommended Reading
The Flash live action series (for a look at the cons of adapting this character in other mediums)
Advertisements
President Donald Trump listens to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speak during a Cabinet meeting at the White House on June 12. Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
President Trump is (reportedly) very angry that his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (reportedly) called him a “fucking moron.” Now Trump is reportedly weighing whether to replace Tillerson—mere days after undercutting him via pointlessly aggressive tweets about North Korea. Has the relationship between a president and his chief diplomat ever fallen so far, let alone so fast?
To discuss Tillerson's bizarre tenure, and much else, I spoke by phone recently with Aaron David Miller, the Middle East program director at the Wilson Center who served in the State Department for 25 years and advised secretaries of state of both parties. During the course of our conversation, which has been edited and condensed for clarity, we discussed Tillerson's mistakes at the State Department, why it's so disturbing when a president and secretary of state don't get along, and why Trump will never allow an effective person to run the department.
Isaac Chotiner: Have you ever seen an equivalent to the Trump-Tillerson relationship among presidents and their secretaries of state?
Aaron David Miller: No. I worked for half a dozen—Shultz to Powell—and for one of my books I interviewed every living secretary of state, including Alexander Haig. There is no precedent either for this kind of public tension, and no precedent for a secretary feeling compelled to respond to press reports the way Secretary Tillerson did the other day. And there is no precedent for open talk of resignation by a secretary of state, at least in the modern period. That also sets this whole episode apart.
Only three secretaries of state in the whole history of the republic have resigned over principle. And only two in the modern period served less than a year and a half. Ed Muskie, when Cyrus Vance resigned in March of 1980 in opposition to Carter's military mission to rescue the hostages in Iran, served out the rest of his term. Haig served about a year and a half and then left because of tensions within the [Reagan] Cabinet.
What effect will this have on America's diplomatic posture, even if things are admittedly not going well anyway.
This is the first president in the modern period who failed to have gone even through the motions of empowering the secretary of state as the repository of his policy and as his public voice. When you don't do that, it is virtually impossible for allies or adversaries to understand what the policy is and who is speaking authoritatively about it. There is no go-to address. You can't go to the president. You have to go through the secretary of state, which is the reason why presidents create some rule of order on this particular question.
Plus when you have the amount of flowers blooming in the Trump administration—with Nikki Haley talking about all kinds of foreign policy issues, and Jared Kushner managing the Arab-Israeli issue, and Gary Cohn leading the policy on climate change at the U.N., and the president tweeting and making policy unilaterally—it creates the perception abroad that there is a competency issue, and that's part of the problem now with both the formation and implementation of foreign policy.
But in Trumpland, it is not going to matter who the secretary of state is. Everyone wants Tillerson to resign, but they don't understand that a secretary of state's effectiveness is tied to two things. No. 1 is whether the president has his or her back at home, in the shark-infested waters of the Washington bureaucracy, and abroad, because it takes allies and adversaries five minutes to understand whether there is daylight. And if there is, you might as well hang the “Closed for the Season” sign on the effectiveness of the State Department. And No. 2 is whether there are problems in the world that are ripe for resolution. And I would argue to you that the world right now is filled with mission impossibles for the United States. Anyone in Tillerson's position is going to find himself or herself severely disadvantaged.
OK but even if that is all true, and Trump is Trump, it seems like maybe Tillerson should still resign because, at the very least, maybe you get someone in who has more of a rapport, and that would be helpful for diplomacy, even if nothing very big or great is remotely possible.
Mattis has a good rapport with Trump, and maybe McMaster does as well. It doesn't stop the dysfunction.
Of course, but still—
If the reports are true, and it's hard for me to believe, but no other secretary of state would be empowered in another administration and go to Asia, and make comments about three open channels to North Korea. I am told the president was not aware of this. That's extraordinary! That's not on Tillerson—that's on the system. So, would it help, if you had a secretary of state who agreed with everything the president said, and agreed to reflect everything the president wanted whether it was good or bad? No, it would not be good. We don't need an echo chamber; you need someone who will carry out the president's policies but will offer an independent judgement.
Isn't that what Mattis is?
There's no question about it. What you need, frankly, is a diplomatic equivalent of Jim Mattis. The problem is that the reason Mattis has influence is that, for one, Trump prides himself on being tough and pro-military, and that toughness resonates with the base. And even Trump understands what he doesn't know about issues relating to national security and projecting military force abroad. Mattis holds a position that is not even first among equals. It's almost unprecedented that a Cabinet-level official has this kind of influence. It would be great if you had a diplomatic equivalent of that, but you are not going to be able to duplicate it.
Don't forget Jared. Anyway, how do you understand Tillerson? Sometimes it seems like he is trying to gut the State Department, and then sometimes it seems like he is one of the adults in the room who is sane.
Isaac, it's both. Look, you have a guy, Tillerson, who, unlike his predecessors in the modern period, has no government experience at all. Shultz was also from the private sector and was at Bechtel for eight years, but he also had three or four significant positions in the government. Tillerson knows the world, and I would argue has good instincts on Qatar, on Iran, on North Korea, on Russia. They are better than the president's, in my judgment. But he also doesn't know the ways of Washington, is unfamiliar with the “building.” The State Department is in bad need of reform, but to make that the first priority … when in fact the first priority was creating a credible image, and basically doing everything he could to ensure that his voice—with the president's approval—was more authoritative than any other person in the administration, he obviously didn't help himself.
And I think the decision to create no profile in the media was impossible since so much of what his job is for is public diplomacy. But remember, was he Trump's first choice? No. Second choice? No. Third choice? Among the four candidates, there was Mitt Romney, Rudy Giuliani, John Bolton, and Jon Huntsman, and maybe more. Tillerson wasn't included.
David Petraeus, yeah.
And Petraeus, sorry. Exactly. So my question is, would anyone have been a good fit? Would anyone have been able to deal with the reality of Trumpland?
It seems like what would have been best was Petraeus because of Trump's respect for the military, but again, the problem is obviously, again, having another military guy run the State Department. It's no win.
To borrow from the Star Trek series, the prime directive of a secretary of state is not just to have the “confidence” of the president, but to actually be able to work with the president to shape foreign policy. Mattis has done it, but I just don't know given Trump's lack of interest in diplomacy, and conviction that there are no good agreements unless they were negotiated by him, and a disregard for State, whether he would allow it with anyone.
In 2007, a Dutch school teacher called Hanny van Arkel discovered an extraordinary object while combing though images for the Galaxy Zoo project to classify galaxies. The object appears as a bright green blob close to a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Leo Minor and soon became known as Hanny's Voorwerp (meaning Hanny's object in Dutch).
Hanny's Voorwerp is astounding because astronomers have never seen anything like it. Although galactic in scale, it is clearly not a galaxy because it does not contain any stars. Detailed spectrographic observations since its discovery suggest that it is a giant cloud of gas that is glowing an unusual green colour.
That raises an obvious question: what is causing the gas to glow?
Today, Hayden Rampadarath at the Joint Institute for VLBI in Europe, based in the the Netherlands and a multitude of friends, provide an answer. Their data comes from a new study of the nearby spiral galaxy IC 2497 using a couple of very long baseline interferometers to study the region at various wavelengths.
Their conclusion is that, like many galaxies, IC 2497 contains a massive black hole at its centre. The infall of matter into the black hole generates a cone of radiation emitted in a specific direction. The great cloud of gas that is Hanny's Voorwerp just happens to be in the firing line. The black hole radiation is ionising the gas, causing it to glow green.
What has confused the issue is that another cloud of dust and gas sits between us on Earth and IC 2497 and this prevents us from directly seeing the black hole (or the active galactic nucleus as astronomers call it).
That seems a sensible interpretation. And certainly more likely than another idea put forward last year. This proposed that some 10,000 years ago, IC 2497 suddenly underwent a dramatic outburst of quasar-like radiation and then became quiet. What we see today from this cloud of gas some 10,000 light years from IC 2497, is simply a reflection of this outburst. In other words, Hanny's Voorwerp is a quasar light echo.
That was unsatisfactory because it resolved one mystery merely by posing another: what could cause an entire galaxy to flare up briefly and suddenly?
The evidence that IC 2497 is still active today puts to rest this idea. It also explains why Voorwerps are so rare: the radiation cones from active galactic nuclei are highly directional so only occasionally do unlucky gas clouds get caught in the cross fire.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1006.4096: Hanny's Voorwerp: Evidence Of AGN Activity And A Nuclear Starburst In The Central Regions Of IC 2497
TL;DR – Your life, your choice.
Want to know what is it like to be a Singaporean?
Here's a quick and easy guide found on Facebook the other day.
I don't usually entertain such Facebook posts but this one…
1. You serve NS and are put under a 10 years reservist and IPPT cycle that can stretch into your 40s while you have to juggle family and work commitments at the same time.
But I ain't too sure how are you going to live till your 40s without national defence. Let alone talk about family or work.
2. After NS you come out to work and fall in love,married and start up a family.
At least you have a job and congrats on finding love.
3. A wedding cost a lot so most Singaporeans married in their late 20s,mid 30s or even later.
The last I remembered (fine, I checked their website lol) it only costs a couple $15 to register their marriage which works out to be $7.50 each. #Godutch #Genderequality right?
(Though I have to say the ROM website needs some upgrading. Who still uses Internet Explorer these days?!)
Throwing a fancy wedding dinner at a fancy 5-star hotel is a choice – your choice really.
4. Now we come to the house.
Upon successfully balloting for the house one need to wait at least 3 years for it or you can buy from open market or private developers where price will be even much higher.
It's starting to sound annoying but it's true – nobody said it's compulsory to get a house of your own.
There are people who live with their parents or in-laws.
5. Once you get your keys your entire CPF OA will be depleted totally and the rest of the mortgage balance will be paid by your monthly CPF every month for a maximum of up to over a decade or 25 years max.
Then imagine, what if all these happened without CPF? Are you gonna pay with cold hard cash?
6. During this time every month of your CPF will not be able to save and accumulate CPF interests because you need to use it to settle house loan.
Technically not true. If you earn more than what you are paying, you will have savings. The rule here is not to bite off more than what you can chew. And yes, you still earn interest on the balance.
7. So 25 years finally finish and your house is fully paid up but by then you will be 55 or into your 60s already.
Congrats! You are still alive. Count your blessings.
8. You want to rest and retire but you can't because your CPF OA account is empty and CPF minimum sum of 161k is set in place to prevent you from cashing out your CPF in full to use to finance your retirement.
It's your retirement, and your savings shouldn't just be your CPF. If you didn't buy those branded goods, travelled to different countries, or drank this alcohol. Sorry, I assumed. Facts? You have enough money to have an internet connection, which means you have enough to have a phone, or a computer. You have a fully-paid for home to live in and it's not like you are sleeping under a flyover.
9. So in your 50s or 60s you still need to work until you die or at least for another 10 to 20 years in order to build up your CPF OA account.
If you don't work until you die, it just means that you will be sitting at home, surfing Facebook and complaining until you die. Matter of preference, I guess.
10. By the time you can really rest you will be in your 70s or 80s already.
Most will have met their maker by that age already. Lol How to look forward to retirement bliss?
70 – 80? Do you know the life expectancy of people in Nigeria is 52 years? That probably explains the popular Nigerian prince scam.
11. Also the health could be failing or no one is willing to employ the elderly Singaporeans and what are they going to survive on?
It was announced in our Budget 2017 that employers will get wage subsidies if they voluntarily rehire older workers above the re-employment age of 67, as well as those workers who would have already turned 65 before the re-employment age is raised in July this year. So yup, you do have a choice at staying employed even when you're old, if you want to.
12.In the end their CPF Medisave accounts got wipe out and they either rent their flats out to sustain themselves or sell back their flats and lease to downgrade in order to survive in their dying years.
Downgrading for cash doesn't sound that bad if you ask me. Especially if you don't need all that space anymore – smaller area to clean too.
13.If anyone can still say Singaporeans are living a blessed life then I clap for you.
Thank you for your claps.
My final thoughts?
Life ain't THAT difficult. It ultimately boils down to the choices you make and your own expectations of what entails a “good life”. For some, they are content with a job and a roof above their heads. For others, they desire monthly business-class trips to Europe and beyond.
Here's a quote I live by, and maybe it'll be useful for you too?
(Cover image modified via)
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. -- New York Mets right-hander Noah Syndergaard said Wednesday that the Kansas City Royals should not have any grievance against him.
Aiming to send a message to the Royals about not being too comfortable in the batter's box, Syndergaard had thrown the first pitch of Game 3 of the World Series to the backstop. After that game, Syndergaard told reporters that he was standing 60 feet, six inches from the plate if any Royals batter had a problem with him.
Citing multiple industry sources, Newsday reported Tuesday that Kansas City intends to "seek retribution" for Syndergaard buzzing Alcides Escobar with the up-and-in fastball.
Noah Syndergaard on the Royals reportedly seeking payback for this World Series brushback pitch to Alcides Escobar: "I don't think they're too fond of me, but as far as retaliation goes, I really don't know what they're going to retaliate against." Photo by Elsa/Getty Images
The teams open the season on ESPN Sunday Night Baseball, with Matt Harvey opposing Edinson Volquez. Syndergaard then faces the Royals on Tuesday opposite Ian Kennedy.
"I don't think they're too fond of me, but as far as retaliation goes, I really don't know what they're going to retaliate against," Syndergaard said after his final Grapefruit League appearance for spring training. "All I did was establish the inner part of the plate. So I don't know what this whole retaliation talk is all about. But it's going to be an interesting time. ... I simply threw a pitch on the inside corner. Elevated. A purpose pitches. I don't really see how any retaliation could be made."
Royals manager Ned Yost refuted the report about forthcoming retribution, telling the Kansas City Star, "Our retribution was winning the World Series."
Syndergaard said he heard plenty about the opening pitch of Game 3 of the World Series from Mets fans during the winter.
"All the time," he said. "I spent a little time in the offseason in New York, just kind of roaming the streets. People saw me on the streets there and they really applauded that pitch."
Although Syndergaard knows he will not be warmly received in Kansas City, he does not expect to be intimidated when he takes the mound for the second game of the season.
"I do a pretty good job at canceling excess noises out and just going out there and focusing on me and the catcher," Syndergaard said.
Syndergaard said he will enjoy the atmosphere of a World Series rematch to open the season. The Mets-Royals matchup to kick off the year originally was scheduled last summer, before the teams even reached the postseason.
"I'm really looking forward to it, and all the guys are looking forward to it," Syndergaard said. "It's going to be an extremely high-energy game as soon as we get to Kansas City. It's pedal to the metal from there."
Reminders for Messages for iOS is a Josh Tucker concept that's been made into a manually installable tweak.
Describing the original concept, Tucker writes, "We've all encountered a situation where we forget to respond to a text message from someone. Myself included. Here's a potential solution (concept)."
In a conversation in Messages, hold down on a specific message to reveal the "Remind" option. Tapping it gives you the option to set a reminder for the following times:
- 1 minute
- 5 minutes
- 15 minutes
- 1 hour
- (and of course there's a Cancel button at the bottom)
Once you've chosen a time, a notification bulletin is added into Notification Center which will re-alert you after the selected time.
Unfortunately, the tweak is not yet available via Cydia; however, there is an implementation by Jonathan Bailey that can installed via GitHub.
Instructions:
1) Open Safari on your device and enter this URL: https://github.com/Jon889/smsremind
2) Tap on the folder link called "build"
3) Tap on the file link "com.jbp.smsremind_0.0.1-1_iphoneos-arm.deb
4) Tap the link "View Raw"
5) Tap "Open in iFile"
6) Tap "Installer"
7) Tap "Done"
8) Respring your device
9) Voila
Give it a try!
[via RedmondPie]
A Pesantren Waria (Islamic boarding school for transgenders) in Yogyakarta has once again opened its doors, and brought the subject of freedom of religion for all ' regardless of sexual orientation ' back into the public arena.
After the death of its founder Maryani last month, the school moved to a house belonging to Shinta Ratri, a lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and transsexual (LGBT) activist, in a heritage area in Jagalan, Kotagede.
'Everyone has the right to observe their religion in their own way,' said Faithful People Brotherhood Forum Yogyakarta Abdul Muhaimin advisory board member in his speech at the launch of Pesantren Waria Al Fatah in Kotagede, Yogyakarta, on Friday evening.
Muhaimin said humans were not allowed to undermine others, including transgender people, since everyone was made by God.
'According to the Koran, we are not allowed to classify people based on economic, social, political, gender or theological values,' said Muhaimin, who also leads Nurul Umahat Islamic boarding school for girls in Kotagede.
He said although transgenderism was not specifically mentioned in the Koran, it had been discussed in fiqh (Islamic legal philosophy).
'I hope the students here are strong as they must face stigma in society. We have to care for them [transgender people],' he added.
Muhaimin lauded the reopening of the Pesantren Waria, which was originally located in Notoyudan.
Waria is a portmanteau of the words for woman (wanita) and man (pria) and is often used to describe transgender women.
Maryani had received local and international media attention since 2008 when she transformed her home into a place for transgenders to study Islam.
She made headlines last year due to her failed pilgrimage to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, last year after her efforts to go to the holy land failed due to documentation problems. Maryani's dream to make the pilgrimage eventually came true. She flew to Mecca on April 26 and returned May 5, and performed all the pillars of the umrah (minor haj), covered from head to toe as a woman.
Dozens of transgenders, NGO activists, students as well as domestic and foreign researchers attended the reopening of the school.
Wearing mukena (female prayer dress) and sarongs, the transgender women conducted evening prayer together side by side.
After praying, Muhaimin cut a nasi tumpeng (rice cone) in celebration of the opening of the school.
Shinta Ratri said her Joglo-Javanese traditional style house, which was built in the 1800s had belonged to her grandmother before it passed down to her mother.
Shinta said the school, which was supported by the Nahdlatul Ulama University of Jepara, Central Java, offered students various subjects, such as transgender and Islam, Koran reading and shalat praying lessons.
'There are currently 35 students at the school,' she added.
Besides learning Islamic studies, Shinta said the school planned to facilitate ways for its students to make money.
At the old location, the women had a beauty salon and also rented traditional wedding dresses.
'I hope the school can give students self confidence. Being transgender is not a sin. It is allowed in Islam as far as it's genuine, not fake,' she added.
Meanwhile, Wulan Agustina, a student at the school, said she could now read the Koran and conduct shalat praying after enrolling at the school.
'I also took religious studies, which can strengthen our will to face the hardships of life,' Wulan said.
Benjamin Basso, Amit Sever, and Pedro Vieira have released an interesting preprint:
Note that if you download it in other formats by clicking at "Download Source" which you may open in WinRAR etc., you will acquire an additional TXT file with some bonus formulae.A typical schematic expression for a Wilson loop vev, in terms of ratios of expressions denoted by squares and pentagons.They propose a way to calculate the scattering amplitudes in the maximally supersymmetric, \(\NNN=4\) gauge theory in \(d=4\) , without any approximations, using funny pictures with lots of pentagons! Note that the gauge theory in \(d=4\) may be viewed as an ordinary quantum field theory with a perturbative expansion given by the Feynman diagrams.Already in the 1970s, Gerardus 't Hooft ingeniously realized that in the limit of many colors, \(N_c\to\infty\), the Feynman diagrams begin to fill spider nets – two-dimensional areas which look like and actually are string world sheets. Their topology matters (less complicated topologies are dominant) and may be reinterpreted as the topology of a string diagram which could have indeed been identified with the stringy expansion of type IIB string theory on an AdS space (with a previously unexpected extra dimensions) in the wake of Maldacena's 1997 AdS/CFT breakthrough.The stringy interactions add "handles" to the world sheet – their contributions are suppressed by \(g_s\sim g_{YM}^2\sim 1/N_c\ll 1\) if the 't Hooft coupling \(\lambda=g_sN_c\) is kept fixed. But already at the leading, handle-free level, the so-called "planar limit" (tree-level string theory), the theory is interesting. The theory living on the planar stringy world sheet is interacting (not free) and non-trivial. On the other hand, it has so many symmetries – such as the dual superconformal symmetry and the Yangian symmetry that it generates together with the ordinary superconformal symmetry – that the theory is basically solvable (we say "integrable").To write down explicit solutions to the questions about the gauge theory in its planar limit is a hard enough but not hopeless task and the discovery of the full formulae has been a holy grail of many brilliant physicists.In the recent 10 years, various methods to solve it have been improved. In most cases, one converted the gauge theory to a perturbative expansion at the strong coupling – the string theory in the AdS space – or a perturbative expansion of the field theory at the weak coupling which could have been organized in new ways (e.g. by the methods of the twistor minirevolution).This new paper is a step in a completely new journey – started 3 years ago or so by some of the authors and by Alday, Gaiotto, and Maldacena – to approach these questions.The task they claim to have solved is to calculate the scattering amplitudes of \(n\) gluons or other "elementary excitations" in the planar limit. Note that this limit means that we neglect the subleading \(1/N_c\sim g_s\) corrections but we are interested in the dependence of the result on \(\lambda\sim g_s N_c\), the 't Hooft coupling. This task is equivalent to the computation of the expectation value of a Wilson loop but the Wilson loop must have the simple shape of a polygon with \(n\) vertices corresponding to the gluons.Their recipe is to divide the polygon to a tree of \(n-4\) mutually overlapping pentagons so that adjacent pentagons have \(n-5\) tetragons (squares) as their intersections. To a large extent, the squares are "trivial" and resemble two-point functions in ordinary string theory. The pentagons are the elementary interactions and resemble the three-point functions in textbook string theory. Hexagons are still somewhat special and heptagons (with 7 vertices) are the first generic polygons.They associate some mathematical objects with these pentagons, especially "pentagon transitions" which is a special name for pentagons with two marked points (similar to vertex operator insertions in ordinary textbook string theory). They associate some mathematical objects to these pentagons and impose some axioms.After some work, they're capable of computing the scattering amplitude "exactly" (in principle) by solving some equations. Their strategy may be viewed as an example of the bootstrap paradigm. Regular TRF readers know that I have often mentioned the bootstrap approach as a black horse of string theory that was standing by string theory's cradle, got largely abandoned, but that may allow us – sometime in the future – to define and calculate string theory at generic points of the "landscape", in the middle, without approximations. If that's the case, such a bootstrap approach may become fundamental again.These three physicists' paper is a particular realization of my vision, albeit in the limited context of planar gauge theory which means type IIB string theory in an AdS background with stringy loops neglected. Such a calculation at a finite \(\lambda\) is possible because the dynamics of the Gubser-Klebanov-Polyakov flux tube (linked to the tetragons i.e. squares in the geometric picture of this paper) is fully integrable.Many of their tricks and axioms are similar to those that are employed by Nima Arkani-Hamed and collaborators but they look technically inequivalent. It remains to be seen whether some deeper unification of these approaches exists and how far these approaches may be generalized in our efforts to fully define and perhaps solve quantum field theory and string theory "everywhere".
When we think about global deforestation, certain hotspots spring to mind. The Amazon. The Congo. Borneo and Sumatra. And… eastern Australia?
Yes, eastern Australia is one of 11 regions highlighted in a new chapter of the WWF Living Forests report, “Saving forests at risk”, which identifies the world's greatest deforestation fronts – where forests are most at risk – between now and 2030.
The report uses projections of recent rates of forest loss to estimate how much we are on track to lose over the next 15 years. The estimates for eastern Australia range from 3 million to 6 million hectares. In particular, it points the finger of blame at recent and foreshadowed changes to environmental legislation. These changes have already removed protections for well over a million hectares of Queensland's native vegetation.
The WWF scenario is, of course, just a projection. This future need not come to pass. We can decide whether or not it happens. And it turns out that Australia has already formulated an alternative vision of the future. This vision contrasts starkly with the gloomy projections in WWF's report.
Rhetoric in the right direction
Australia's Native Vegetation Framework, endorsed by the Council of Australian Governments in 2012, has five goals. Goal 1 is to “Increase the national extent and connectivity of native vegetation” – and according to the framework, we'll do it by 2020. This turns out to be exactly what WWF is proposing: a goal of “Zero Net Deforestation and Forest Degradation” by 2020.
This seems perfectly aligned with Australia's vision. So why is WWF putting Australia in the naughty corner?
Well, we are not yet practising what we preach. Australia's rate of vegetation clearing still dwarfs our efforts to replant and restore bushland by much more than 100,000 hectares every year. This is mostly driven by vegetation loss in Queensland. And although these rates of loss were, until recently, slowing, recent reports suggest they have rebounded sharply.
In a recent article on The Conversation, we wrote of the alarming figures suggesting large increases in land clearing, which coincided with the changes to vegetation protections under the former Newman Government in Queensland. The state's new Labor government is currently considering whether or not to revoke these changes. There have been suggestions that they may not reinstate the previous protections for native vegetation.
So to comply with our own national strategy, we have less than five years to turn around significant net deforestation, and actually start restoring more native vegetation than we clear - but the trend is in the wrong direction.
Land clearing the greatest threat
Australia's Native Vegetation Framework recognises unambiguously the importance of native vegetation. It represents a clear, government-endorsed statement that halting the loss of native bushland cover is pivotal to sound environmental management.
Land clearing is the greatest current threat to Australia's biodiversity, and is also a major contributor to greenhouse gas emissions, degradation and reduced water quality in waterways and estuaries, and dryland salinity.
For wildlife, land clearing means smaller and more fragmented populations, and such populations are more vulnerable to extinction. This is basic ecology. As habitat is lost, animals don't simply move elsewhere or fly away. This solution was suggested in response to the impending loss of endangered black-throated finch habitat in Bimblebox Nature Refuge in Queensland as it is converted to a mine.
But where would the finches fly to? If there is other habitat left that is suitable, then chances are it's already got its fill of finches. Simply put, less finch habitat equals fewer finches.
Even regrowth forest is critically important for many species. The iconic Brigalow woodlands of southeast Queensland can only be removed from the endangered list by protecting younger, regrowing stands.
But if allowed to mature for more than 30 years, these stands support bird species similar to those of remnant brigalow that has never been cleared. The abundance of native reptiles is also boosted by allowing brigalow regrowth to mature. In the most overcleared landscapes, regrowth vegetation contributes to the critical functions of maintaining soil integrity and even buffering against drought.
Time to choose our future
Most of the nations highlighted in the WWF report, such as Papua New Guinea and the Democratic Republic of Congo, are in a starkly different economic situation to Australia. At least some deforestation will be an inevitable part of their economic and social development.
Arguably, it is the responsibility of wealthier countries to help such nations to follow more-sustainable development pathways—though we will face many challenges in doing so. But should Australia, as a wealthy, developed economy, continue to rely on deforestation for our own development, we can hardly ask differently of others.
It is time to think about the end-game of land clearing in Australia, and what we are willing lose along the way. If we genuinely want to achieve a reversal of deforestation by 2020, then we need to see significant policy changes. And they need to happen now—sooner rather than later.
So which future for us? Will we choose the path endorsed by Australia's Native Vegetation Strategy, with the tradeoffs it requires, but also the lasting rewards it will bring?
Or will we sacrifice environmental sustainability for short-term gains, as underscored in the alarming projections of the WWF report? These are vital decisions with starkly different futures, and we can only hope that our state and federal governments make the right choices.
It's just a 695-mile round trip to AFC Bournemouth this weekend for long suffering fans of Newcastle United.
The old argument goes that there are plenty of fans in the lower leagues that have suffered much more than the Geordie faithful in this regard, but the fact remains that there are some long old journeys in a season when you are based in the North-East and Bournemouth is one of them.
Just to make it a little bit more interesting, this game kicks off at 12.45 p.m. meaning Newcastle fans travelling by coach will be leaving Tyneside at 1 a.m. Even in spite of the early wake-up call, the away section at Dean Court is still completely sold out and 1,365 fans will be there to make plenty of noise on the south coast.
Considering Newcastle have won just one away game in 2015 from a possible 15 in all competitions, that's pretty impressive support.
The last away win came back in January at Hull City as John Carver led the team to a 3-0 win at the KC Stadium. It proved to be a real collector's item, and not just because Remy Cabella played well and scored a goal.
As ever, there are fans who see the glass as half full even while still in the relegation zone. Perhaps you have to be positive when supporting any football team, but there have been some notable signs of improvement.
The players are certainly starting to see that too and Newcastle captain Fabricio Coloccini indicated this week that there is progress at St James' Park, not least from the summer recruits who the club spent £53 million to bring in.
There has been talk of turning the corner a few times already this season, but if Newcastle can finally win an away game and net three points for the first time in 10 months, then they should make the significant climb out of the relegation places this weekend. They would then have the international break to take stock.
For now, Newcastle must focus on the Cherries and see this as an opportunity to continue what can only be described as slow progress.
Just to add to the drama this week, there's been another goalkeeping crisis. Rob Elliot was carrying a knock going into the game with Stoke City last weekend and ended up playing through the pain barrier where he kept a clean sheet but hobbled off the field.
After a week of assessments it looks like Elliot could end up between the posts again after Newcastle nursed him through the last few days, but injury always seems just around the corner in recent times and it's the last thing the club need with Tim Krul out for the season.
The fact that the emergency loan window failed to offer any realistic targets for United means that the Magpies must persevere this weekend. But don't be surprised if you see Fred Woodman at some stage at Dean Court though. The 18-year-old keeper is on standby and with Elliot just a pull away from hurting his thigh again, the England youth keeper could be needed at some point.
If Newcastle can get through this game somehow and snatch three big points that suffering for supporters could ease considerably. After 10 long months without seeing an away day victory, three points is the least this lot deserves and it's up to the players to go out and deliver it.
That would certainly make the long journey back to Tyneside all the sweeter for all connected with Newcastle United.
Lee Ryder is the chief sports writer for the Newcastle Chronicle, and follows Newcastle from academy to first team. Follow him on Twitter: @lee_ryder.
Lalibela was THE BEST of Ethiopia!
More touristic than any other spot we visited in this country, Lalibela is a Christian pilgrimage center best known for its 11 rock-hewn churches that are UNESCO World Heritage site. They call it “the Petra of Africa”.
The landscape in Lalibela is amazing: you are isolated (about 1 hr flight from Gondar, but almost 2 days trip if you decide to travel by bus from Addis Ababa), surrounded by magnificent mountains. In this town without even an ATM, you feel like you've traveled back in time.
Our arrival to Lalibela was rocky though… upon arrival to the airport, we checked with the hotel reps for a good hotel with internet (most basic requirement for us, apart from a decent bathroom). We finally agreed to go to Tukul Village which is a hotel with individual houses, built with durable materials but similar to the traditional tukul houses, round huts.
When we got to the hotel they didn't have internet as promised, and Ashray flipped out. People will tell you anything you want to hear to get your business! We roamed around town and checked out a few other places but, not only they didn't have internet connection, they were also surprisingly expensive! That is the downside of being in a touristic, also beautiful place. Back we went to Tukul Village where they agreed to give us the USB internet dongle they use at reception. So no emails for the hotel during the 2 days we stayed, I suppose!
Want to feel like Indiana Jones for a day?
Come to Lalibela!
We roamed around the 11 churches spread across 3 different sites in the village, with an adventure spirit!
Ashray at St. George Church
The highlight was the visit to a 2 square meter house inside the rocks, home to an old monk. He lives in this cubicle and all he had was a plastic bottle with water, a thin mattress with torn blankets (where he probably needs to sleep in super squeezed fetal position), some saints' paintings, a mobile phone (that he uses as torch to point at the saints while he tries to explain what they represent), and a lamb's fur in the floor. I had the privilege of sitting on top of this filthy fur, so no wonder my fleas kept on multiplying…
Monk in this cave-house
Unfortunately, I didn't take any video in there once it was totally dark and, to be honest, I was taken away by the moment. It's important not to obsess over taking videos of everything and, that way, not absorbing everything the moment has to offer.
But, I must say, long live my new Sony camera and the super amazing GoPro, because thanks to it I managed to shoot stuff in places I wouldn't have been able to otherwise or would have to pay for that.
Kids in Lalibela were lovely!
They are used to having tourists around and they try to make something out of it, but not necessarily something material. You have tons of kids that come and invite you for coffee at their houses – we didn't go but I guess they appreciate if you give them some money afterwards. But this is so much better than plain begging!
Many other kids just want to get to know someone from a different place or practice their English (which they learn in the local school). Amongst the great characters we met was a kid who wanted to be like Neil Amstrong “an astrologist” and travel to space. He was hoping he can study to be an astronaut in Addis Ababa itself, “there isn't a school for that there yet, but maybe by the time I grow up there will be!”
There was also an English teacher (with a bit of a broken English) that recently had a baby and explained how important it is to get a beautiful husband/wife and, therefore, beautiful babies, otherwise people in the village WILL talk! Very deep theory, yes indeed!
And sometimes, you meet others that try to buy you into something not so nice.
Watch this video and you'll see:
Lalibela was also synonym of love for Bollywood!
Who would have known?
Ashray was adored by the kids that found him similar to Shahrukh Khan. Ha! These kids knew almost as many actors and movies as any Indian person would!
And, of course, they fantasize with visiting India one day and idolize the actors and actresses… so much that, one of the kids said I was too lucky for being with Ashray because he is very beautiful, more than me!
December 15, 2017
Haley Fails To Make Case About Yemeni Missiles - Ignores Saudi War Crimes
Yesterday the U.S. ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley went to the Defense Intelligence Agency for a little show. She claimed to expose Iran as an illegal source of weapons used by Yemeni forces in their fight against Saudi aggressors.
It reminded of the times when Vice President Dick Cheney visited the CIA to tell its analysts what they were supposed to write about "Saddam's weapons of mass destruction".
Haley covered the advice she was giving to the DIA as a press conference. Her props were alleged missile parts recovered somewhere at some unknown time. She claimed that these were provided by the Saudis and the UAE and showed debris of missiles fired from Yemen. Haley further claimed that Iran had delivered such missiles to Yemen in breach of UN resolution 2231 that restricts such transfers.
There are several possible explanations of where the Houthi and their then allied Yemeni army might have acquired such missiles. But even if one accepts that Iran delivered these, it is unknown when such deliveries might have taken place. It could have happened years before the UN resolution restricted such deliveries. Haley's show proved nothing with regards to any breach.
Haley claimed that the UN had found that the missile debris on display was from an Iranian Qiam missile. But the UN has made no such findings. It only said that the debris and Qiam missiles "had similar structural and manufacturing features". The Iranian Qiam missile ..
.. is a short-range ballistic missile designed and built by Iran. It was developed from the Iranian Shahab-2, a licensed copy of the North Korean Hwasong-6, all of which are versions of the Soviet Scud-C missile.
There are many variants of the Soviet Scud family (A, B, C) produced in various countries and they naturally all have "similar structural and manufacturing features".
The Yemeni military bought Soviet Scuds (pdf) and Scuds were used in earlier conflicts between north and south Yemen. The Yemeni military also bought North Korean Hwasong 5 and likely also Hwasong 6 missiles directly from North Korea. The Yemeni army has over 30 years of experience with such missiles and qualified personal to modify these if needed.
Haley simply lied about the UN findings. They do not say what she claims. Indeed the UN panel acknowledged that the similarities found do not prove the origin:
[T]he panel said it “as yet has no evidence as to the identity of the broker or supplier” of the missiles, ..
Haley pointed to one alleged part of the missile debris that bore a logo of an Iranian company. She neglected to point out that the UN panel also found U.S. made hardware as part of the missiles. Neither proves where the missile came from.
The Zionist lobby wants the U.S. to wage war on Iran and Nikki Haley is in their pocket. The extremely rich, ultraright Zionist Sheldon Adelson was the biggest sponsor of her political career.
Haley neglected to point out that Yemeni missiles have killed no one in Saudi Arabia while Saudi Arabia has killed then-thousands of Yemeni civilians with U.S. provide bombs and missiles. It is Saudi Arabia that is blockading Yemen and causing a very large famine. The Saudis recently claimed that they have lifted the blockade but even USAID says that there is no sign that the blockade has changed. Hundreds of people in Yemen are dying each day for lack of food and simple medicine.
In view of such a catastrophe one might even hope that Iran provides hundreds of missiles to Yemen to push the Saudis into ending their genocidal policies.
Haley's show did not go down well. She convinced the Saudis of course but neither U.S. media nor European governments accepted her show. As the NY Times correctly writes:
.. the evidence she showcased at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling — ... — fell short of proving her claims.
Reuters remarked:
The United States acknowledged it could not say precisely when the weapons were transferred to the Houthis, and, in some cases, could not say when they were used. There was no immediate way to independently verify where the weapons were made or employed.
The Trump administration is looking for reasons to push more sanctions on Iran. It especially wants the EU to take part in a renewed sanction regime. A "ballistic missile threat" might be a way to get there. France and Germany had offered the U.S. to follow its anti-Iranian course with regards to ballistic missiles if it keeps busting the nuclear agreement with Iran off the table.
Haley's stunt shows that this was an extremely stupid move. If one makes an offer to the U.S. that one will follow policy A when B is proven, the U.S. will simply lie and fabricate evidence to claim that B is there.
Posted by b on December 15, 2017 at 02:30 PM | Permalink
Comments
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Queen Elizabeth unveils the new Crossrail railway line, named in her honour.
Crossrail, the new railway which will run beneath London, is to be named the Elizabeth Line in honour of the Queen, Boris Johnson has announced.
London's mayor revealed the line's name and purple logo as he visited Bond Street station with the monarch.
Trains on the railway will travel under the centre of the city, linking parts of Berkshire and Buckinghamshire to Essex when it opens in December 2018.
Mr Johnson said it was "wonderful" the line had "such a significant name".
"The Elizabeth Line will provide a lasting tribute to our longest-serving monarch", the mayor said.
Image copyright Pool Image caption The Queen visited a station construction site 28m (92ft) below ground
Image copyright PA Image caption The Queen wore the colour of the new line for the visit
The Queen visited a station construction site 28m (92ft) below ground where she viewed part of the tunnel and met construction apprentices.
Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin, who was also at the event, said the name was "very fitting" given the Queen's long association with UK transport.
Image copyright Pool Image caption The Queen met construction workers
Image copyright PA Image caption She became the first reigning monarch to use the Tube when she opened the Victoria Line in 1969
Image copyright PA Image caption The Jubilee Line, which was opened by Prince Charles, was given its name to mark 25 years since the Queen's accession to the throne
About 24 trains an hour will travel both ways on the new Elizabeth Line when it opens.
Rajnath Singh was addressing the passing out parade of CISF probationers in Tamil Nadu
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday described India as one of the fastest emerging economies and said certain "anti-national forces" were not able to appreciate the visible economic progress.Addressing the passing out parade of CISF probationers at Arakkonam in Tamil Nadu, he also said that cyberterrorism was a major threat and urged the CISF to upgrade and technologically advance itself to counter this."India is one of the fastest emerging economies of the world but certain anti-India forces are not able to appreciate these visible economic trends," Mr Singh said in an apparent dig at those criticising the state of economy under the NDA regime.He said that Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) needed to maintain its core competence against terrorism so that the country's top strategic installations were not hit by any terror group."The CISF should conduct regular security audits of all important buildings and installations. A specialised wing in the CISF should be created to conduct regular cybersecurity audits and build capacities to deal with cyberterrorism," the minister said.
As the Affordable Care Act--otherwise known as ObamaCare--begins to be implemented, we are seeing its first big consequence: it is making care less affordable.
The New York Times reports that "Health insurance companies across the country are seeking and winning double-digit increases in premiums for some customers, even though one of the biggest objectives of the Obama administration's health care law was to stem the rapid rise in insurance costs for consumers."
"Even though"? In fact, Obamacare is simply doing what a lot of people predicted it would. Critics of ObamaCare warned that it would produce precisely the kind of premium increases we are now seeing, for precisely the reasons that new reports are now citing.
I was one of those critics, and I take no joy in pointing out that we told you so.
In 2009, as ObamaCare was being crammed through Congress, I gave three reasons for predicting disaster.
The first is "guaranteed issue," which requires insurance companies to cover you for a pre-existing condition. This forces insurance companies to take on extra costs, while reducing the incentive for healthy people to pay their insurance premiums. Why pay premiums for years, if you can just wait until you're already sick to buy coverage? So insurers are mandated to take on extra costs while losing revenues. As I wrote back in 2009, "Rather than increasing the number of insured by making health insurance more affordable, this bill makes health insurance more expensive and increases the incentive to simply drop your insurance until you need someone to pay for your medical bills."
And so we see today a report that as this takes effect and people who are already sick demand insurance, "paying for their care could add massive costs to the system."
"For one thing, they'll have no waiting period to get insurance. Someone who just got bad news from the heart doctor can walk into an insurance office and order a policy, Davis said. 'It's as if could you go home, see your house on fire, call Allstate and say, "Cover my home,"' Davis said.
"With medical bills easily reaching into the millions of dollars, a few of those cases could quickly add up, significantly boosting overall rates."
That leads to the second provision we warned about, the individual mandate. This is supposed to prevent free riders from waiting until they are sick by forcing them to buy insurance. But the penalty for refusing to buy insurance was set at $750, which is far lower than the cost of insurance. As I wrote back then, "we end up getting the worst of both worlds. This provision won't actually drive anyone to buy health insurance and prop up the risk pools for those who are insured. All it will accomplish is to create a brand-new form of tax."
Finally, there are the federally mandated health-insurance exchanges, in which the federal government dictates what insurers are required to pay for, banning less expensive bare-bones coverage and requiring insurance policies that cover more procedures and "preventative" tests. As I warned, "under the guise of making health insurance more affordable, this bill will restrict your menu of choices to include only the most expensive options."
Lo and behold, we see reports today that insurance premiums are going up partly because of "new federal rules that increase the services that health insurers are required to include in the health plans they sell."
There are also a couple of new reasons why rates are going up. We couldn't predict every negative effect of ObamaCare, because as Nancy Pelosi told us, Democrats had to pass the bill so we could find out what was in it. Thus, Peter Suderman points to a rule that requires insurance companies to refund part of their premiums if they don't spend enough on patient care in a particular year. Suderman explains the results.
"If claims are low in a given year, they end up rebating the difference to the customer because of the MLR rule. If claims are unexpectedly high, however, they end up eating the difference. Insurers thus have an incentive to protect themselves by charging high premiums at the outset, and then paying those premiums back in rebates should claim come in at low or expected levels."
And then there is the extra cost passed on from new taxes on health insurance. Imagine that: when you tax something it becomes more expensive.
We can look to the consequences of RomneyCare in Massachusetts--the model for ObamaCare--as a preview of the near future. Massachusetts now has the highest insurance premiums in the country. The figures are quite staggering. A new study finds that "the average Massachusetts family health plan had a premium of $16,953 in 2011." One small business owner reports that "health-care benefits account for a quarter of the cost of hiring a new person." Even more startling is that this is an increase of 72% from 2003--nearly a doubling of insurance premiums in ten years.
As one expert explains, "Massachusetts is a state with a lot of mandates for coverage which other states may not have," and the report concludes that "The discrepancy will decrease once the Affordable Care Act is implemented." The discrepancy will decrease, not because Massachusetts premiums will go down, but because premiums for everyone else will go up to match them.
The rising premiums are bad enough in themselves, but they raise the prospect of crashing the whole structure of the health insurance system created by ObamaCare. Philip Klein explains:
"Should premiums continue to rise, more and more uninsured Americans are going to choose to pay the penalty rather than purchase expensive insurance. And those who go without insurance are more likely to be the ones who can afford to do so--young and healthy Americans with limited medical expenses. Should this occur, insurers would have to raise premiums even more to subsidize the expenses of the sicker beneficiaries they must cover under the law. This, in turn, would cause additional people to forgo insurance and pay the fine. And so on. This is known in the health care policy community as the 'death spiral' and it's one of the biggest threats to the structure of Obamacare."
Another article which cites many of the same problems I have just described marvels that "The congressional Democrats who crafted the legislation ignored virtually every actuarial principle governing rational insurance pricing."
But I don't think that's any kind of mystery. The consequences of ObamaCare--particularly the built-in "death spiral"--are so predictable that I don't think the legislation's architects can profess innocence. From the beginning, I have had suspicions, so to speak, that a stable health insurance industry was not the goal of ObamaCare. Rather, I warned: "It is an attempt to turn health insurance into what the left really wants: another welfare program in which everyone is entitled to free benefits, mandated by the government."
"But this would wreck private health insurance, making the whole industry financially unsustainable....
"This bill so comprehensively wrecks private health insurance that pretty soon a 'public option' will seem like the only alternative, and they will already have put into place one of the new taxes needed to pay for it. If the left's goal is to impose socialized medicine in America, this bill does it in the most callous and destructive way possible. It smashes private health care--then leaves us stranded in the rubble, at which point we will be expected to come crawling back to the same people who caused the disaster and ask them to save us."
The first half of our predictions from 2009 are already coming true. I am afraid that we're going to have to come back in another few years, after the second half has come to fruition, and say once again: we told you so.
In 2012 Skepta found himself at an impasse. He was integral in grime's early hustle during the halcyon pirate radio days, but the music he was making, from 2008-2012 was soulless, kowtowing to a sanitized version of grime that went hand in hand with the slow-burning corporate ransacking of the genre that started with Dizzee Rascal's breakthrough almost a decade earlier. He recently compared this dissatisfaction with his role in the mainstream with Britney Spears' infamous shaved head incident. If there is a similar meltdown for Skepta it happened in April of 2012, in a 26-minute video posted to Youtube, titled “#UnderdogPsychosis no.1” with a caption that read: “Break the cycle.” In a monologue by turns manic, vulnerable, self-aware, and inarticulate, he castigated himself, the system, (in DJ Khaled's parlance the pervasive “they”), the industry, reflected on his forgotten and youthful musical past, and celebrated the life of the underdog. He promised to make music that had meaning. The video was later shown at the Tate Modern, a strange high watermark for the grime renaissance he helped ignite.
It's been five years since a proper studio album from the 33-year-old Londoner, and after many delays his long-awaited Konnichiwa has finally arrived. It is arguably the first appointment listen in a genre that has never been defined by albums, but by singles, loosies, hotly pressed riddims, and pirate radio broadcasts. This partly comes from an album roll out and rebranding that has lasted almost two years. Last April, he organized an impromptu rave in a Shoreditch car park attended by almost a thousand people via an Instagram post. He helped hijack the stage of the Brits with Kanye West a month before. And even earlier than that Drake had cribbed lines from Skepta's “That's Not Me” for “Used To” starting a cross-continental musical love affair, leading to Drake symbolically signing to Skepta's BBK label. He's helped unfurl a ocean-spanning red carpet that's led to wide ranging institutional support prompted magazine covers, documentaries, and a litany of think pieces asking, yet again, if was America ready for grime.
The sudden explosion of cultural cachet seems to have made no dents in his anarchic attitude. Konnichiwa is easily the most blatantly anti-authoritarian statement from rap this year, overflowing with sneering contempt for popular culture's industry of image, the press, the police, and the government at large. No matter the respect he's garnered recently, and the friends he's gained along the way, Konnichiwa proves that Skepta still bristles at the very idea of institutions. He is still flipping the bird, compelling you to help him burn it all down.
“That's Not Me” was the first song Skepta released off Konnichiwa, and it's a template for the album's tone: A combination of snarling bravado and earnest self directed criticism—an elegantly brutal volte-face from a previous life. He's thrown his designer clothes in the garbage, donned his famous black tracksuit, and disavowed the trappings of the last few years (“I put it all in the bin cause that's not me”). He's come back out of the thicket of a forced absence, full of self-aggrandizing swagger. (“It's the return of the mack/I'm still alive just like 2Pac”). A year later, at the height of his return to prominence, the music video for the best song on this album,“Shutdown,” was released. Dressed in all white, in the middle of London's bloated symbol of divisive gentrification the Barbican Centre, Skepta makes very clear that he fears no one: “Me and my Gs ain't scared of police/We don't listen to no politician/Everybody on the same mission/We don't care about your ‘isms and schisms," he rapped, lines that scan as both an indictment and a call-to-arms.
Skepta produced eight of the twelve tracks himself, and they have the same roughly hewn power of his early instrumentals, measured but fiery stews of dancehall, jungle, UK funky, and garage. When it works, it's bone-rattling stuff. Elsewhere, it's a mixed bag, sonically and qualitatively: He caricatures Noah “40” Shebib's rose-quartz soul on “Ladies Hit Squad;” “Crime Riddim,” produced by Blaikie and Skepta's brother Jason, has the wild flair of a Death Grips track; and “Numbers” (featuring and co-produced by Pharrell) fails to shoehorn Skepta into Pharrell's bubbly funk universe.
As for his lyrics, there is nothing coded about them, or their meaning: He raps exclusively about distrust and independence. He's very much aware that London, and the world, will continue to exploit him and erase his individuality. This awareness is why he refuses to appear in pictures with fans or answer press emails in “Man.” It's why he pulls way back, and samples Wiley's call for peace in the middle of a battle (“Lyrics for lyrics, calm”) in “Lyrics.” He finds peace, if he finds it at all, in his roots: by remaining loyal to family and friends, by being appreciative of the past, and by incubating a future for his genre. Konnichiwa is as nakedly vulnerable Skepta has ever been, and it represents a tantalizingly wide-open door for grime. It'll be our job as listeners to step through and discover what we've been missing.
On Monday, several activists — who were not affiliated with UC Berkeley or the Berkeley College Republicans — built a wall out of cardboard bricks on Sproul Plaza, inciting a protest led by undocumented students.
BCR has been protested in the past, but this year, the club has been targeted for displaying a cut-out of Donald Trump when tabling on Sproul Plaza. Tensions spilled over into Monday's protest, when activists built a mock wall and were immediately met with backlash.
About 11 a.m., approximately 17 students, led by members of Rising Immigrant Scholars through Education, chanted “Undocumented, unafraid!” and “Not one more!” Joining hands, protesters faced a crowd of approximately 45 that accumulated at Sather Gate, where the unaffiliated activists held up a cut-out of the Republican presidential nominee and chanted, “Build a wall!”
The two people building the cardboard wall were later revealed to be connected with Project Veritas and were not BCR members, according to BCR External Vice President Claire Chiara. Project Veritas was created by James O'Keefe, a conservative activist who was undercover as a UC Berkeley doctoral student supporting Trump during the protest.
UCPD officers present said the protest had been relatively peaceful, with no reports of physical injury.
Pieter Sittler, internal vice president of BCR, said individuals tried to rip the club's cut-out last Wednesday and successfully ripped it last Thursday. Both times, BCR members called UCPD, who responded and stood near the table for an hour or two. On Friday, one member was “sucker-punched,” according to Sittler.
“I think it's saddening that people don't want to accept our views or they feel the need to tear apart our property,” Sittler said. “I think if that's where civil discourse is going, it's a little frightening, but I'll do everything in my power to make sure everyone can speak freely.”
Several students have spoken out about the vandalism. Ismael Chamu, a campus third-year student, responded to BCR's argument that their freedom of speech was attacked.
“It's not an attack on freedom of speech, it's a retaliation to an attack on identity,” Chamu said. “Trump expels toxic rhetoric. BCR needs to acknowledge that there are limits to what kind of rhetoric you support.”
Chamu went on to express concern over the possibility of escalated violence in the future, citing “toxic rhetoric” as the primary factor in increasing violence. He encouraged a productive and constructive discussion between the two groups in order to address the grievances of both sides.
In a Facebook post, ASUC Senator Ian Bullitt stated that he did not support Trump, accusing the candidate of being sexist, racist and ableist. Bullitt also said in his post that alleged “harassment, yelling, destruction of property” and violence against Berkeley College Republicans was “completely unacceptable.”
Bullitt said he made the Facebook posts in a bid for transparency, and to improve what he sees as an increasingly polarized campus climate.
“On the one hand you have students who feel their voices have been silenced because of Donald Trump,” Bullitt said. “But at the same time, I fully support BCR's right to table peacefully on campus without harassment, without violence.”
Contact Revati Thatte and Anna Sturla at [email protected].
WASHINGTON—According to a study published this week in the American Journal Of Psychology, the average person's plan for their life is only capable of withstanding 25 seconds of honest, direct questioning before falling apart. “While most individuals' plans for the future hold together for the first few moments of explanation, we found that by the 20- or 30-second mark, people typically begin trailing off into ambiguity, equivocation, or flat-out silence,” said the study's lead author, Theresa Colmaryk of American University, adding that most research subjects hit an impassable roadblock after being asked “How are you going to pay for that?” “In about 38 percent of cases, it appeared participants' aspirations had been subject to so little critical inquiry that the simple exercise of explaining the first step of their plan aloud—be it to purchase a home, to travel extensively, or simply to learn a new skill, like cooking—caused the entire thing to unravel right before their eyes in a period of no more than six or eight seconds.” Colmaryk noted that even after talking themselves into a corner and finding themselves wholly unable to explain how they would achieve their plans, nearly 100 percent of the subjects still expressed confidence they would succeed.
Advertisement
Gregg Allman, whose hard-jamming, bluesy sextet the Allman Brothers Band was the pioneering unit in the Southern rock explosion of the ‘70s, died Saturday due to complications from liver cancer, his longtime manager, Michael Lehman, confirmed to Variety. He was 69.
As recently as April 24, reports surfaced claiming Allman was in hospice, although Lehman denied those reports, which Allman then substantiated in a Facebook post. However, he had suffered a number of ailments in recent years — including an irregular heartbeat, a respiratory infection, a hernia and a liver transplant — and cancelled many scheduled tour dates in recent months for health reasons. Lehman said that Allman's liver cancer recurred around five years ago, but the singer chose to keep the news private.
Allman completed a solo album, “Southern Blood,” that is set for release late this year. Lehman said they received some final mixes for the album on Friday, and Allman listened to them the night before his death. He added that Allman passed away with his family nearby, and was “at peace.”
For his work with the Allman Brothers, the legendary band he cofounded with his late brother Duane, and as a solo artist, Allman is one of the leading lights of Southern Rock. While the group's greatest work was done before and shortly after Duane's death in 1971, they stayed together, off and on, over 45 years and remain a singular influence on Southern rock and jam-band musicians. They were a top-drawing touring outfit until October 2014, when the group finally closed the book on their career with a series of dates at their longtime favorite venue, New York's Beacon Theatre.
Related Celebrities Who Died in 2017
Allman's solo career always played second to that of the band, but he enjoyed solo success with 1973's “Laid Back” and 1987's “I'm No Angel,” both of which were certified gold. In 2011 he released an unexpectedly strong album entitled “Low Country Blues” that was produced by T Bone Burnett (Alison Krauss/Robert Plant, Los Lobos, Elvis Costello, “O Brother Where Art Thou?”), who, along with instrumentalists like pianist Dr. John and guitarist Doyle Bramhall II, brought Allman back to his gutsy roots with stellar results.
With his older sibling, guitarist Duane Allman, the singer-keyboardist-guitarist-songwriter led one of the most popular concert attractions of the rock ballroom era; the group's 1971 set “At Fillmore East,” recorded at Bill Graham's New York hall, was a commercial breakthrough that showed off the band's prodigious songcraft and instrumental strengths.
After Duane Allman's death in a motorcycle accident weeks after the live album's release, his younger brother led the band through four more stormy decades of playing and recording. The Allman Brothers Band's latter-day history proved tumultuous, with other fatalities, disbandings, regroupings and very public battles with drugs and alcohol on the part of its surviving namesake.
Though Gregg Allman's highly publicized addictions, his tabloid-ready marriage to pop vocalist Cher, and his equally public disputes with co-founding guitarist Dickey Betts came under harsh and sometimes mocking scrutiny over the years, Allman prevailed as the linchpin of an act that maintained popularity over four decades and opened the commercial door for such other Southern acts as Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Marshall Tucker Band.
As a member of the Allman Brothers Band, Allman was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995 and was honored with a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012.
He was born Gregory LeNoir Allman on Dec. 8, 1947, in Nashville; brother Duane was born 13 months earlier in the same hospital. In 1949, his father was shot to death by a man he offered a ride to in a bar. As their mother was studying accounting to support the family, the brothers were sent to a Tennessee military school at an early age.
The Allmans became attracted to music after seeing a 1960 concert by R&B singer Jackie Wilson in Daytona Beach, FL, where the family had moved the year before. Using money from a paper route (augmented by his mother), Gregg bought a guitar, and taught Duane his first chords. Both played guitar in the bands they founded after returning to the military academy in their teens.
Their pro bands the Escorts and the Allman Joys, which favored R&B, blues and rock covers, found work on the Florida club circuit in the mid-‘60s; Gregg began playing keyboards in the latter unit. The Allman Joys were playing without success in St. Louis when Bill McEuen, manager of the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, met them and offered to set them up in Los Angeles.
Renamed Hour Glass, the L.A.-based group cut two unsuccessful pop-oriented albums for Liberty Records in 1967-68. Duane chafed at the direction being forced on the combo and fled for Alabama, where he became a prominent session guitarist at FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals, AL. Gregg remained in L.A. to fulfill obligations to Liberty, but was summoned to Jacksonville, FL, in 1969 by his brother, who envisioned a new blues-based band with two guitarists and two drummers, featuring members of another local combo, the 31st of February.
Calling themselves the Allman Brothers Band, the new unit – the Allmans, guitarist Betts, bassist Berry Oakley and drummers Butch Trucks and Jai Johanny “Jaimoe” Johanson – was signed by Otis Redding's former manager Phil Walden for management and as an act on his Macon, GA-based label Capricorn Records. The group moved to Macon, which became its base for the duration.
Neither of the ABB's first two albums was an enormous success: Its self-titled bow peaked at No. 188 in 1969, while sophomore set “Idlewild South” topped out at No. 38 in 1970. But they established Gregg Allman as a vocal, instrumental and songwriting power: His compositions included such future staples of the band's live set as “Not My Cross to Bear,” “Dreams,” “Whipping Post” and “Midnight Rider.”
Though problems with hard drug abuse were already surfacing in the band, the Allmans became a huge concert attraction in the South; the enthusiastic sponsorship of promoter Graham led to high-profile gigs at New York's Filllmore East (where the band attained a rabid following) and San Francisco's Fillmore.
The Allmans made their commercial mark with “At Fillmore East”: The expansive, Tom Dowd-produced two-record set, recorded during two nights at the venue, shot to No.13 ultimately sold more than 1 million copies and became one of the defining concert recordings of its day. However, Duane Allman's tragic death at 24 on a Macon street on Oct. 29, 1971, cast a shadow over its success.
The band completed a follow-up two-LP set, “Eat a Peach,” as a quintet, with live numbers featuring Duane filling out the contents. The 1972 package rose to No. 4 nationally and went platinum, but disaster again struck: In a mishap eerily similar to Duane Allman's fatal crash, hard-drinking bassist Oakley died after driving his bike into the side of a truck that November.
Shaken by the deaths of his brother and Oakley and increasingly incapacitated by heroin, cocaine and alcohol, Gregg Allman ceded much of the band's songwriting and frontman duties to Betts; as he noted in “My Cross to Bear,” his 2012 memoir, “Up until then, we'd never really had a frontman; Dickey took it upon himself to create that role.”
The ABB released its only No. 1 album, “Brothers and Sisters,” in 1973; the record was powered to the top by the Betts-penned No. 2 single “Ramblin' Man,” the group's only top-10 45.
Allman retreated from the group to cut his solo debut “Laid Back” in 1973; rising to No. 13, it would be his most popular work away from the band for nearly 40 years, and it spawned his only top-20 solo single, a down-tempo remake of “Midnight Rider.”
On the heels of the lugubrious but popular “Win, Lose or Draw” (No. 5, 1975), the group set out on its biggest, and costliest, tour to date. The ABB flew to its dates on a lavishly appointed private jet previously used by the Rolling Stones and Led Zeppelin; in his book, Allman recalls, “The first time we walked onto the plane, ‘Welcome Allman Brothers' was spelled out in cocaine on the bar.”
The ABB returned from the 41-date tour with a mere $100,000 in hand, owing to over-the-top spending. This financial catastrophe was compounded by the indictment of the group's security man (and Allman's drug bag man) Scooter Herring on cocaine distribution charges; Allman testified against Herring before a grand jury and at his trial, which netted a 75-year prison sentence.
Addicted to heroin and embroiled in inter-band conflict with Betts, Allman began spending more time in Los Angeles with Cher, whom he had wed in June 1975. The incongruous couple was followed avidly by gossip columnists. In the wake of an unsuccessful 1977 solo album, “Playin' Up a Storm” (No. 42), Allman and Cher released their only duo album, “Two the Hard Way”; embarrassingly credited to “Allman and Woman,” the set failed to chart, and its accompanying tour witnessed scuffles between hostile camps of fans in the audiences. Allman and Cher divorced in 1978.
Membership in the ABB rotated repeatedly for the remainder of the group's career, which saw ever-diminishing contributions from writer Allman. He authored just one song for the group's final Capricorn album, “Enlightened Rogues” (No. 27, 1979); the financially unstable imprint crashed within a year of its release. Allman was also a minor contributor to a pair of slick, poorly received albums for Arista Records in 1980-81.
During the band's protracted hiatus of the ‘80s, Allman issued a pair of solo sets; the more popular of the two, 1987's “I'm No Angel” (No. 30, 1987), spawned the titular radio hit.
Encouraged by airplay on the burgeoning “classic rock” radio format, the ABB reconvened for a 1989 tour. In 1990, the group recorded “Seven Turns” (No. 53) with “Fillmore East” producer Tom Dowd; the group also began multi-night residencies at New York's Beacon Theatre, which became an annual tradition. They issued four commercially unrewarding albums – two studio sets and two concert releases – between 1991 and 1995.
Following a drunken appearance at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony in New York in January 1995, onetime junkie Allman, after 11 stints in rehab, finally stopped drinking on his own, under the 24-hour watch of two nurses.
Following the exit of longtime guitarist Warren Haynes and bassist Allen Woody and the recruitment of Butch Trucks' young nephew Derek Trucks on guitar, the ABB cut the live “Peakin' at the Beacon” in 2000. Tension within the band had reached the breaking point, and, following a severely worded fax to Betts from the other members and subsequent legal arbitration, the Allman Brothers Band's other founding guitarist made his exit.
The front line of Allman, Haynes and Derek Trucks and the group's founding drummers were heard on the Allman Brothers Band's studio collection “Hittin' the Note” (No. 37, 2003) and the live “One Way Out” (No. 190, 2004). After 45 years in business, the band was formally dissolved after an October 2014 show at the Beacon.
Allman's old habits caught up with him in the ‘00s. Diagnosed with hepatitis C – a disease common to intravenous drug users – in 2007, he learned that he was suffering from liver cancer in 2008. He underwent successful liver transplant surgery at the Mayo Clinic in 2010.
Before his surgery, Allman entered the studio to record his first solo album in 13 years. “Low Country Blues,” a striking and powerful recital of old blues songs, augmented by one Allman-Haynes original and produced by T Bone Burnett (Alison Krauss/Robert Plant, Los Lobos, Elvis Costello, “O Brother Where Art Thou?”), garnered the best reviews of his career, collected a Grammy Award nomination and became his highest-charting solo release, reaching No. 5 in early 2011.
However, health problems and catastrophe continued to dog him. He cut short a 2011 European tour because of respiratory issues, which ultimately mandated lung surgery. He faced a drug relapse spurred by painkillers, and did a stint in rehab. In 2014, a film based on his 2012 memoir, “Midnight Rider,” ceased production after a camera assistant on director Randall Miller's feature was killed by a freight train on the first day of shooting.
Allman's last concert took place on October 29, 2016 in Atlanta, a headlining set at his own Laid Back Festival.
Married and divorced six times, Allman is survived by three sons and two daughters, all by different mothers. Four of the children are professional musicians.
LONDON: Two Indian-origin millionaire brothers were today caught in a controversy for allegedly exploiting a loophole in Britain's state-run National Health Service's pricing controls to overcharge for the sale of generic drugs, according to a media report.Bhikhu and Vijay Patel, the founders of pharmaceutical empire Waymade Plc, have been named in a special 'Times' investigation for charging "extortionate" prices for drugs by dropping an existing brand name of a medicine and instead selling it under its generic name.The investigation claims that Atnahs, a company the brothers set up in 2013, specialises in buying the rights to older medications that are still used by patients but are no longer of interest to major pharmaceutical companies to be able to overcharge for the same drug, ultimately paid by the UK taxpayer."Waymade is not commenting on today's news," a company spokesperson told PTI.The Kenya-born businessmen are well-known in the UK's British-Indian circuit for their rags-to-riches story, having arrived in the 1960s with not much in their pockets and going on to set up a profitable pharmaceuticals empire.Bhikhu, 68, and his brother 66-year-old brother Vijay have risen up the ranks of The Sunday Times 'Rich List' over the years, with their personal wealth pegged at 675 million pounds in 2016.The businessmen, based in Essex - a county north-east of England, also have a property portfolio and own a company offering chauffeur-driven cars.They also run the charitable Shanta Foundation, which funds educational and medical projects in Kenya and India.UK's Department of Health said the country's Competition and Markets Authority is investigating abuse of generic medicine pricing, but there is no indication that the Patels' firm is among them.A spokesperson said: "No pharmaceutical company should be exploiting the NHS. The Competition and Markets Authority is already investigating a potential abuse of generics pricing, and as part of a public consultation we have asked for views on government powers to limit the prices of generic medicines where there is no competitive market."According to the latest findings, the NHS is paying an extra 262 million pounds a year for more than 50 drugs for which prices have increased greatly since 2010.
RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Labor unions staged a nationwide strike on Friday to protest against legislative changes to Brazil's labor and pension laws that are central to the economic reform agenda of embattled center-right President Michel Temer.
Members of Brazil's Homeless Workers Movement (MTST) occupy the entrance of Congonhas Airport during a protest against President Michel Temer's proposal to reform Brazil's social security system, in the general strike in São Paulo, Brazil June 30, 2017. REUTERS/Leonardo Benassatto
Subway and bus services shut down in Brasilia, the nation's capital, while demonstrations blocked roads and snarled traffic in the megacities of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro as union activists took to the streets.
However, the protest appeared to have limited impact and triggered none of the violent clashes between police and protesters that marked a much larger strike in April.
It came after Brazil was riveted this week by a corruption charge filed against Temer by the country's top prosecutor.
The charge, the first ever leveled against a sitting president in Brazil, marked a milestone in a three-year probe by investigators that has revealed stunning levels of corruption in Latin America's largest country.
Temer, one-third of his cabinet, four past presidents and dozens of lawmakers are either on trial, facing charges or under investigation for corruption. Over 90 people have been found guilty so far.
Brazil's largest oil workers federation said in an emailed statement that Friday's work stoppage would continue for an indefinite period, and that all 10 refineries where it represents workers were affected.
Executives at state-controlled oil company Petróleo Brasileiro SA acknowledged that the job action had a limited impact at oil refineries. But they said exploration and production activity, along with logistics, carried on as normal.
Temer, who replaced impeached leftist President Dilma Rousseff last year, was charged with graft on Monday by Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot after executives of the world's biggest meatpacker, JBS SA, accused him of taking millions in bribes.
He has denied any wrongdoing and resisted repeated calls to resign. But the lower house of congress is preparing to vote on whether he should face a trial in the Supreme Court, which would prompt his removal from office for at least 180 days.
Other criminal charges against Temer are widely expected to be filed by Janot, and a ruling on Friday by Supreme Court Judge Edson Fachin appeared to come in anticipation of that.
Fachin said each and every charge against the president would have to be investigated separately, meaning that Temer could potentially face more than one trial before the court.
Unions fiercely oppose Temer's labor reform bill as it reduces their power over workplaces by cutting mandatory dues and allowing companies and employees to negotiate contract terms more freely. The bill has already been approved by the lower house of Congress and will likely pass the Senate within a few weeks.
Unions also criticize Temer's pension overhaul proposal as it would make Brazilians work more years before retiring.
Economists and investors see pension reform as the only way for Brazil to shore up its finances in the long run without resorting to tax hikes.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says Mitt Romney is wasting his money running ads using footage of her scolding her former rival Barack Obama during the 2008 campaign.
In an interview with CNN's Elise Labott, Clinton says she hasn't personally seen Romney ads but predicts they'll have little impact on voters ahead of November's election.
"I am out of politics, and I haven't seen any of the ads that you're talking about," Clinton told CNN. "But I have to say it's a waste of money. Everybody knows I ran against President Obama in 2008, that's hardly news. Everybody knows we ran a hard fought campaign and he won. And I have been honored to serve as his secretary of state."
Clinton has shown up in two separate Romney ads in recent weeks, both spots using footage of her admonishing Obama during the hotly contested 2008 Democratic presidential primary for distorting her record. Romney used Clinton to argue that Obama is employing similar falsehoods against his 2012 campaign.
WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY? (CW)
Returns in Summer 2019 (Exact Date TBA) BROADCAST HISTORY:
8/5/98 - ??? STATUS:
returning in 2019/2020 (date TBA) TIME SLOT:
not on the schedule CURRENT SEASON:
15 (??? episodes) ADDITIONAL NOTES:
renewed through the 2018-19 season (the show's 15th) on 10/9/18 DESCRIPTION:
(from The CW's press release, October 2018) Continuing to bulk up its slate of original summer programming, The CW Network has acquired the British action drama BULLETPROOF from Sky Vision and ordered second seasons of the legal drama BURDEN OF TRUTH, starring Kristin Kreuk, and the fantasy-adventure series THE OUTPOST; all are set to air in Summer 2019. The CW has also ordered new seasons of the hit magic series PENN & TELLER: FOOL US and MASTERS OF ILLUSION, and the classic improv comedy WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY? for Summer 2019. Premiere dates and times will be announced later. Hosted by comedian Aisha Tyler, WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY? features cast members Ryan Stiles, Wayne Brady and Colin Mochrie, who helped make the original U.S. version of this comedy improv series such a hit. Along with a special guest comedian in each episode, the cast members must put their comedic skills to the test through a series of spontaneous improv games. Prompted only by random ideas supplied by the studio audience and host Aisha Tyler, our four performers must use the little information they have and their wild imaginations to depict different characters and an array of scenes, as well as perform songs. After each round of improvisation, Aisha will dole out points to our four performers and declare a winner at the end of every episode. PRINCIPAL CAST INFORMATION:
· Aisha Tyler as Host (Season 9- )
RECURRING/PREVIOUS CAST INFORMATION:
· Drew Carey as Host (Season 1-8)
CREW INFORMATION:
· Colin Mochrie as EP
· Dan Patterson as CRTR/EP
· Jimmy Mulville as EP
· Mark Leveson as CRTR/EP
· Ryan Stiles as EP
· Wayne Brady as EP
GENRE(S):
· comedy (all)
· comedy (improv/sketch)
STUDIO INFORMATION:
· Angst Productions
· Hat Trick Productions
After ABC canceled Don't Trust the B— In Apt 23 midway through its second season, it made the eight unaired episodes available online only. Logo TV today unveiled a deal to air the entire series — and put the unaired shows on network TV for the first time. The cable channel will air a B Is Back marathon this Saturday from 1-10 PM ET/PT, with those final eight episodes rolling out each Saturday at 10 PM. Don't Trust The B– was one half of ABC's long-suffering Tuesday comedies (along with Happy Endings before it was yanked from the schedule in January 2013. It wasn't called a cancellation, but the low-rated sophomore comedy never came back even via the time-honored tradition of burning off final episodes during summer.
About
Hey! Thanks for stopping by this kickstarter campaign. I'm hoping to raise funds to create this set of Japanese ice cream based desserts. I was inspired from my trip to Japan late last year, and being the foodie that I am, I'm sure others would love to have some authentic desserts memorabilia that can only be found in that country.
Specs:
soft enamel
gold plating
rubber backs
either 1" wide or 1" tall
My trip last year had initially inspired me to start this enamel pin making journey. The first pin I made were the ramen pins:
And soon after I came out with sushi pins too.
So what is $400 CAD going towards?
The funding will go towards the production of the pins, printing costs for the backing cards, and Kickstarter fees.
If you have any questions or comments, free feel to message me :D
In a sign of the increasing tensions between WikiLeaks and the corporate world, Bank of America has said it will no longer help process payments for the organization, which released a huge cache of secret State Department cables in late November and has threatened to “take down” a major United States bank with another data dump.
“Bank of America joins in the actions previously announced by MasterCard, PayPal, Visa Europe and others and will not process transactions of any type that we have reason to believe are intended for WikiLeaks,” the bank said in a statement issued on Friday. “This decision is based upon our reasonable belief that WikiLeaks may be engaged in activities that are, among other things, inconsistent with our internal policies for processing payments.”
In a Twitter post put up soon after Bank of America's announcement, WikiLeaks called on supporters to boycott the bank, urging that “all people who love freedom close out their accounts at Bank of America.”
After MasterCard and PayPal, which is owned by eBay, announced they would no longer handle payments for WikiLeaks, the companies were attacked by online hackers who supported WikiLeaks.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Investors have worried that the founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, was referring to Bank of America when he said in an interview with Forbes last month that he possessed a large cache of potentially embarrassing documents from a large American bank. In an interview with Computerworld in 2009, Mr. Assange said WikiLeaks held five gigabytes worth of information from the hard drive of a Bank of America executive.
Mr. Assange is free on bail in Britain in connection with accusations of sexual offenses he faces in Sweden. Swedish authorities are now seeking to extradite Mr. Assange, a request Mr. Assange has vowed to fight.
Sometimes, I think people believe I'm exaggerating when I talk about what life is like to live with Greyhounds. In a lot of ways, Greyhounds are like other dogs. They still need to be fed, walked, petted and have basic needs taken care of. In other ways, Greyhounds are unique. They have a special physiology that means that as an owner, you need to be very picky about the veterinarian you choose. They can't tolerate certain anesthesias, for example, and you need to make sure the vet knows that. Their thyroid levels are different as well, and many are diagnosed as low thyroid by vets who don't understand that their levels are different. I can still remember driving home in tears following a routine vet visit with Treat after a very young and inexperienced vet at our practice told me there was something seriously wrong with her heart. Several expensive tests later, we learned that she was just stressed when she had to get on the elevator table by herself in the back room. It was the last time my dogs went back there alone.
There are other differences, too, that go beyond skin deep. There was a time when you had to be a royal or member of the nobility to own a Greyhound. Greyhounds have never forgotten it. They are sweet and docile, rarely jumping up on people or licking faces like other dogs. Most of the time, their manners are impeccable.
Of course, this elevated status comes with some drawbacks. If there's going to be a prince, princess, king or queen of the castle, then there also have to be servants. Those of you out there able to do math can see that this leaves only two people in our house to cater to three Greyhounds and one German Greyhound-In-Training. The Greyhounds have decided that in their caste system a German Shepherd is good to have around as a bodyguard and scapegoat, and therefore should be awarded certain privileges as well, provided she remembers that she's just beneath them and she fulfills her duties.
I can't remember the last time Mr. Taleteller and I sat on the couch together. Bunny has declared it her throne, and in Bunny's kingdom, Bunny and Mom share the couch. Dad is not allowed up there. She will worm her way behind him and force him off every time. She does allow him to sleep in the bed with us, but she insists on sleeping beside me. On a few occasions, he has told me that she tried to kick him out of bed during the night, but I've never seen this happen myself. In Princess Bunny's world, if Dad tells her to do something and she is laying in the spot she wants on the bed, then he doesn't exist. It's hard being married to a phantom sometimes.
Of course, Blueberry has her own dictates that we should follow. Basically, if it's food and Blueberry wants it, the fact that she is sitting in front of you means that she will receive the morsel she has her eye on. When it comes time for evening walks, Blueberry dictates that she is going, no matter how much we try to convince her that it's too hot or cold for her comfort. She will also set the pace of the walk to the way she wants it to go. Nobody is ever rushing Blueberry anywhere on a walk — ever.
Then there's Lilac. I don't even know where to start. When Lilac barks, you'd better get up and figure out what she wants. NOW! She might want a bed moved, a fan arranged, somebody kicked off a bed she wants, to go outside, for the wind to stop blowing outside, for storms to stop, or just a scratch behind the ears. Of course, Timmy could also possibly be in the well. The dictate is that if Lilac barks, all will listen until somebody figures out what she wants and takes care of it. Long live The Queen!
There are plenty of other things that go along with Greyhound ownership. You have to purchase soft beds and lots of them. Greyhounds don't do floors and you'll be glad you've got a soft place to lay when you lose the couch or bed. Greyhounds also come with accessories. Before you know it, your dog will be better dressed than you are. There are fancy collars, coats for snow and cold, raincoats and jammies for keeping the drafts away that they require. You'll learn about other things that you never knew your dog couldn't live without, too, but I don't want to spoil the surprise.
Of course, for all of these things that we have to endure, we get back something that is priceless. The joys of sharing your life with a Greyhound are incomparable. There are reasons that those of us who share our lives with Greyhounds do all the things for them that we do. It's because they give us something back that makes us feel like the richest people in the world. When a Greyhound looks at you with those soulful eyes, you realize that you have something most other people never will.
What are some of the things that you get back from your chosen breed, or your dog in particular, that make it worth the things you have to do?
We're participating in this Saturday's Pet Blog Hop, hosted by Life With Dogs, Two Little Cavaliers and Confessions of the Plume. If you'd like to participate, please follow the rules and follow your three hosts, add your blog to the Linky and copy and paste the html code into your html editor. Thanks again to our hosts for putting on the hop!
Kevin Williams Of KWP To Speak On Digital Out Of Home Entertainment PREVIOUS NEXT
KWP Limited.
Speaking engagements will see Kevin Williams of KWP presenting his views and outlook on the future of digital out-of-home entertainment (DOE) at leading film, television, media, virtual reality and augmented reality trade events and conventions across the world over the next few months.
The call for Kevin Williams to present his views on the Digital Out-of-Home Entertainment (DOE) “revolution” has gathered momentum, following last year's successful speaking tour and the publication of his book on the future of digital out-of-home entertainment (“The Out-of-Home Immersive Entertainment Frontier” – ISBN: 978-1-4724-2695-6), with the next four months marking a hectic calendar of engagements at some of the world's most auspicious technology and entertainment industry trade and industry conference events.
Starting this marathon of presentations, Kevin will first kick off as the moderator and lead speaker at the “Digital Hollywood” gathering in Los Angeles, presenting and chairing the “VR in the Out-of-Home Entertainment Sector” session. Next up will find Kevin speaking at the UK “Digital Shoreditch” conference, an event at the heart of the London technology showcase explosion, and then flying back to California for “Silicon Valley Virtual Reality Conference & Expo” (SVVR), with a presentation on the impact of new entertainment technologies from his perspective.
June and July will see KWP and Kevin present at “Augmented World Expo” (AWE), looking into the impact that Augmented Reality technology has on the development of new attractions in the DOE sector, and then a stop as one of the established presenters at the “Foundations Entertainment University” (FEU) event in Chicago, IL.
At the FEU event, Kevin will be speaking on how current and future technologies impact the development of successful Family Entertainment Centers (FEC's), and will be conducting exclusive, on-site visits with select FEU attendees to several new and ground-breaking FEC facilities in the greater Chicago area, including one of the first trade visits to the newly opened “Level 257” entertainment center.
Along with his busy schedule of global speaking engagements, Kevin has been devoting his time as Chairman to increase the exposure and reach of the quickly-growing DNA Association, establishing closer links with leading trade associations in the sector that the Digital Out-of-Home Entertainment (DOE) sector influences.
KWP / Kevin Williams, Scheduled Speaking Engagements: April – July 2015
1. Digital Hollywood
(Los Angeles, CA, USA)
http://www.dhsessions.com/Wednesday15Sp29.html
April 27 - 30, 2015
Debuted in 1994, this event has been among the leading trade conferences in its field, with over 15,000 top executives in the film, television, music, home video, cable, telecommunications and computer industries attending each year.
2. Digital Shoreditch
(London, UK)
http://digitalshoreditch.com/what-to-expect
May 11 – 15, 2015
Jam-packed UK event with keynotes, lightning talks, workshops, discussions, panels and debates geared towards a wide variety of amusements, technology, entertainment, creative and advertising industries players and professionals.
3. Silicon Valley Virtual Reality (SVVR) Expo
(San Francisco, CA, USA)
http://vrexpo.com/agenda
May 18-19, 2015
Leading West Coast event offers a launch pad for a fast-growing community of developers, entrepreneurs, hackers, and artists dedicated to advancing affordable and accessible virtual reality.
4. Augmented Word Expo (AWE)
(San Jose, CA, USA)
http://augmentedworldexpo.com/conference-program
June 8 – 10, 2015
The world's largest conference and expo for professionals focused on the future interactive world, featuring technologies such as Augmented Reality, Wearable Computing, Smart Glasses, Gesture/Sensors devices and upcoming
explosion of the “Internet of Things” (IoT).
5. Foundations Entertainment University 2.0
(Chicago, IL, USA)
https://www.whitehutchinson.com/foundationsuniversity
July 14 – 16, 2015
Based on recommendations from past attendees to this leading FEC event, it has now grown into a 3-day conference, adding breakout sessions covering a number of new topics building on past success.
About KWP Limited
A specialist in the 'Digital Out-of-Home Entertainment' (DOE) sector consultancy, and prolific commentator (through 'The Stinger Report') on the emergence of new entertainment products and markets. KWP is also the founder of the DNA Conference and newly formed DNA Association, a not-for-profit association that focuses on many aspects of the Digital Out-of Home Interactive Entertainment industry, and is co-founder of the annual BOSA Awards with BMIGaming.com. Kevin is also the co-author of the new book “The Out-of-Home Immersive Entertainment Frontier” which highlighting developments in the DOE sector. For more details on recipients and how to support the BOSA Awards, contact: kwp@thestingerreport.com
http://www.dna-association.com
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Williams_(author)
http://www.gowerpublishing.com/isbn/9781472426956
Kevin Williams of KWP Ltd. announced today that he is to be a featured speaker at several prominent global digital out of home entertainment and technology industry events in the second quarter of 2015.Speaking engagements will see Kevin Williams of KWP presenting his views and outlook on the future of digital out-of-home entertainment (DOE) at leading film, television, media, virtual reality and augmented reality trade events and conventions across the world over the next few months.The call for Kevin Williams to present his views on the Digital Out-of-Home Entertainment (DOE) “revolution” has gathered momentum, following last year's successful speaking tour and the publication of his book on the future of digital out-of-home entertainment (“The Out-of-Home Immersive Entertainment Frontier” – ISBN: 978-1-4724-2695-6), with the next four months marking a hectic calendar of engagements at some of the world's most auspicious technology and entertainment industry trade and industry conference events.Starting this marathon of presentations, Kevin will first kick off as the moderator and lead speaker at the “Digital Hollywood” gathering in Los Angeles, presenting and chairing the “VR in the Out-of-Home Entertainment Sector” session. Next up will find Kevin speaking at the UK “Digital Shoreditch” conference, an event at the heart of the London technology showcase explosion, and then flying back to California for “Silicon Valley Virtual Reality Conference & Expo” (SVVR), with a presentation on the impact of new entertainment technologies from his perspective.June and July will see KWP and Kevin present at “Augmented World Expo” (AWE), looking into the impact that Augmented Reality technology has on the development of new attractions in the DOE sector, and then a stop as one of the established presenters at the “Foundations Entertainment University” (FEU) event in Chicago, IL.At the FEU event, Kevin will be speaking on how current and future technologies impact the development of successful Family Entertainment Centers (FEC's), and will be conducting exclusive, on-site visits with select FEU attendees to several new and ground-breaking FEC facilities in the greater Chicago area, including one of the first trade visits to the newly opened “Level 257” entertainment center.Along with his busy schedule of global speaking engagements, Kevin has been devoting his time as Chairman to increase the exposure and reach of the quickly-growing DNA Association, establishing closer links with leading trade associations in the sector that the Digital Out-of-Home Entertainment (DOE) sector influences.KWP / Kevin Williams, Scheduled Speaking Engagements: April – July 2015(Los Angeles, CA, USA)http://www.dhsessions.com/Wednesday15Sp29.htmlApril 27 - 30, 2015Debuted in 1994, this event has been among the leading trade conferences in its field, with over 15,000 top executives in the film, television, music, home video, cable, telecommunications and computer industries attending each year.(London, UK)http://digitalshoreditch.com/what-to-expectMay 11 – 15, 2015Jam-packed UK event with keynotes, lightning talks, workshops, discussions, panels and debates geared towards a wide variety of amusements, technology, entertainment, creative and advertising industries players and professionals.(San Francisco, CA, USA)http://vrexpo.com/agendaMay 18-19, 2015Leading West Coast event offers a launch pad for a fast-growing community of developers, entrepreneurs, hackers, and artists dedicated to advancing affordable and accessible virtual reality.(San Jose, CA, USA)http://augmentedworldexpo.com/conference-programJune 8 – 10, 2015The world's largest conference and expo for professionals focused on the future interactive world, featuring technologies such as Augmented Reality, Wearable Computing, Smart Glasses, Gesture/Sensors devices and upcomingexplosion of the “Internet of Things” (IoT).(Chicago, IL, USA)https://www.whitehutchinson.com/foundationsuniversityJuly 14 – 16, 2015Based on recommendations from past attendees to this leading FEC event, it has now grown into a 3-day conference, adding breakout sessions covering a number of new topics building on past success.A specialist in the 'Digital Out-of-Home Entertainment' (DOE) sector consultancy, and prolific commentator (through 'The Stinger Report') on the emergence of new entertainment products and markets. KWP is also the founder of the DNA Conference and newly formed DNA Association, a not-for-profit association that focuses on many aspects of the Digital Out-of Home Interactive Entertainment industry, and is co-founder of the annual BOSA Awards with BMIGaming.com. Kevin is also the co-author of the new book “The Out-of-Home Immersive Entertainment Frontier” which highlighting developments in the DOE sector. For more details on recipients and how to support the BOSA Awards, contact: kwp@thestingerreport.com 751
1. Overview
In this article, we are discussing the Spring org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException – this is a very common exception thrown when the BeanFactory creates beans of the bean definitions and encounteres a problem. The article will discuss the most common causes of this exception along with the solution.
2. Cause: org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException
By far the most common cause of the BeanCreationException is Spring trying to inject a bean that doesn't exist in the context.
For example, BeanA is trying to inject BeanB:
@Component public class BeanA { @Autowired private BeanB dependency; ... }
If a BeanB is not found in the context, then the following exception will be thrown (Error Creating Bean):
Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Injection of autowired dependencies failed; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException: Could not autowire field: private org.baeldung.web.BeanB org.baeldung.web.BeanA.dependency; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException: No qualifying bean of type [org.baeldung.web.BeanB] found for dependency: expected at least 1 bean which qualifies as autowire candidate for this dependency. Dependency annotations: {@org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired(required=true)}
To diagnose this type of issue – first, make sure the bean is declared:
either in an XML configuration file using the <bean /> element
or in a Java @Configuration class via the @Bean annotation
or is annotated with: @Component, @Repository, @Service, @Controller and classpath scanning is active for that package
Also check that the configuration files or classes are actually picked up by Spring and loaded into the main context.
3. Cause: org.springframework.beans.factory.NoUniqueBeanDefinitionException
Another similar cause for the bean creation exception is Spring trying to inject a bean by type – namely by its interface – and finding two or more beans implementing that interface in the context.
For example, BeanB1 and BeanB2 both implement the same interface:
@Component public class BeanB1 implements IBeanB { ... } @Component public class BeanB2 implements IBeanB { ... } @Component public class BeanA { @Autowired private IBeanB dependency; ... }
This will lead to the following exception being thrown by the Spring bean factory:
Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Injection of autowired dependencies failed; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException: Could not autowire field: private org.baeldung.web.IBeanB org.baeldung.web.BeanA.b; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.NoUniqueBeanDefinitionException: No qualifying bean of type [org.baeldung.web.IBeanB] is defined: expected single matching bean but found 2: beanB1,beanB2
4. Cause: org.springframework.beans.BeanInstantiationException
4.1. Custom Exception
Next in line is a bean that throws an exception during its creation process; a simplified sample to easily exemplify and understand the problem is throwing an exception in the constructor of the bean:
@Component public class BeanA { public BeanA() { super(); throw new NullPointerException(); } ... }
As expected, this will lead to Spring failing fast with the following exception:
Error creating bean with name 'beanA' defined in file [...BeanA.class]: Instantiation of bean failed; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.BeanInstantiationException: Could not instantiate bean class [org.baeldung.web.BeanA]: Constructor threw exception; nested exception is java.lang.NullPointerException
4.2. java.lang.InstantiationException
Another possible occurence of the BeanInstantiationException is defining an abstract class as a bean in XML; this has to be in XML, because there is no way to do this in a Java @Configuration file and classpath scanning will ignore the abstract class:
@Component public abstract class BeanA implements IBeanA { ... }
And the XML definition of the bean:
<bean id="beanA" class="org.baeldung.web.BeanA" />
This setup will result in a similar exception:
org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException: Error creating bean with name 'beanA' defined in class path resource [beansInXml.xml]: Instantiation of bean failed; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.BeanInstantiationException: Could not instantiate bean class [org.baeldung.web.BeanA]: Is it an abstract class?; nested exception is java.lang.InstantiationException
4.3. java.lang.NoSuchMethodException
If a bean has no default constructor and Spring tries to instantiate it by looking for that constructor, this will result in a runtime exception; for example:
@Component public class BeanA implements IBeanA { public BeanA(final String name) { super(); System.out.println(name); } }
When this bean is picked up by the classpath scanning mechanism, the failure will be:
Error creating bean with name 'beanA' defined in file [...BeanA.class]: Instantiation of bean failed; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.BeanInstantiationException: Could not instantiate bean class [org.baeldung.web.BeanA]: No default constructor found; nested exception is java.lang.NoSuchMethodException: org.baeldung.web.BeanA.<init>()
A similar exception, but harder to diagnose, may occur when the Spring dependencies on the classpath do not have the same version; this kind of version incompatibility may result in a NoSuchMethodException because of API changes. The solution to such a problem is to make sure all Spring libraries have the exact same version in the project.
5. Cause: org.springframework.beans.NotWritablePropertyException
Yet another possiblity is defining a bean – BeanA – with a reference to another bean – BeanB – without having the corresponding setter method in BeanA:
@Component public class BeanA { private IBeanB dependency; ... } @Component public class BeanB implements IBeanB { ... }
And the Spring XML Configuration:
<bean id="beanA" class="org.baeldung.web.BeanA"> <property name="beanB" ref="beanB" /> </bean>
Again, this can only occur in XML Configuration, because when using Java @Configuration, the compiler will make this issue impossible to reproduce.
Of course, in order to solve this issue, the setter needs to be added for IBeanB:
@Component public class BeanA { private IBeanB dependency; public void setDependency(final IBeanB dependency) { this.dependency = dependency; } }
6. Cause: org.springframework.beans.factory.CannotLoadBeanClassException
This exception is thrown when Spring cannot load the class of the defined bean – this may occur if the Spring XML Configuration contains a bean that simply doesn't have a corresponding class. For example, if class BeanZ doesn't exist, the following definition will result in an exception:
<bean id="beanZ" class="org.baeldung.web.BeanZ" />
The root cause if the ClassNotFoundException and the full exception in this case is:
nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException: ... nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.CannotLoadBeanClassException: Cannot find class [org.baeldung.web.BeanZ] for bean with name 'beanZ' defined in class path resource [beansInXml.xml]; nested exception is java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: org.baeldung.web.BeanZ
7. Children of BeanCreationException
7.1. The org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCurrentlyInCreationException
One of the subclasses of BeanCreationException is the BeanCurrentlyInCreationException; this usually occurs when using constructor injection – for example, in a case of circular dependencies:
@Component public class BeanA implements IBeanA { private IBeanB beanB; @Autowired public BeanA(final IBeanB beanB) { super(); this.beanB = beanB; } } @Component public class BeanB implements IBeanB { final IBeanA beanA; @Autowired public BeanB(final IBeanA beanA) { super(); this.beanA = beanA; } }
Spring will not be able to resolve this kind of wiring scenario and the end result will be:
org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCurrentlyInCreationException: Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Requested bean is currently in creation: Is there an unresolvable circular reference?
The full exception is very verbose:
org.springframework.beans.factory.UnsatisfiedDependencyException: Error creating bean with name 'beanA' defined in file [...BeanA.class]: Unsatisfied dependency expressed through constructor argument with index 0 of type [org.baeldung.web.IBeanB]: : Error creating bean with name 'beanB' defined in file [...BeanB.class]: Unsatisfied dependency expressed through constructor argument with index 0 of type [org.baeldung.web.IBeanA]: : Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Requested bean is currently in creation: Is there an unresolvable circular reference?; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCurrentlyInCreationException: Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Requested bean is currently in creation: Is there an unresolvable circular reference?; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.UnsatisfiedDependencyException: Error creating bean with name 'beanB' defined in file [...BeanB.class]: Unsatisfied dependency expressed through constructor argument with index 0 of type [org.baeldung.web.IBeanA]: : Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Requested bean is currently in creation: Is there an unresolvable circular reference?; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCurrentlyInCreationException: Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Requested bean is currently in creation: Is there an unresolvable circular reference?
7.2. The org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanIsAbstractException
This instantiation exception may occur when the Bean Factory attempts to retrieve and instantiate a bean which was declared as abstract; for example:
public abstract class BeanA implements IBeanA { ... }
Declared in the XML Configuration as:
<bean id="beanA" abstract="true" class="org.baeldung.web.BeanA" />
Now, if we try to retrieve BeanA from the Spring Context by name – for example when instantiating another bean:
@Configuration public class Config { @Autowired BeanFactory beanFactory; @Bean public BeanB beanB() { beanFactory.getBean("beanA"); return new BeanB(); } }
This will result in the following exception:
org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanIsAbstractException: Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Bean definition is abstract
And the full exception stacktrace:
org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException: Error creating bean with name 'beanB' defined in class path resource [org/baeldung/spring/config/WebConfig.class]: Instantiation of bean failed; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanDefinitionStoreException: Factory method [public org.baeldung.web.BeanB org.baeldung.spring.config.WebConfig.beanB()] threw exception; nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanIsAbstractException: Error creating bean with name 'beanA': Bean definition is abstract
8. Conclusion
At the end of this article, we should have a clear map to navigate the variety of causes and problems that may lead to a BeanCreationException in Spring, as well as a good grasp on how to fix all of these problems.
The implementation of all exceptions examples can be found in the github project – this is an Eclipse based project, so it should be easy to import and run as it is.
Advertisement Giant cabbage nets 9-year-old $1,000 scholarship Boy wants to be engineered when he grows up Share Shares Copy Link Copy
A New Mexico elementary school student is growing the account for his future college expenses thanks to the nearly 12-pound head of cabbage he grew last season.Ben Roesler, 9, was honored at a ceremony last week with the presentation of a $1,000 scholarship from Bonnie Plants, a national producer of vegetable, herb and flower plants. Mark Alvarado of the Bonnie Plants greenhouse in McIntosh, New Mexico, presented the award during a student assembly at San Antonito Elementary School, where Ben is a fourth-grader this year.Also on hand for the presentation was Anthony Parra, deputy director of the New Mexico Department of Agriculture.Ben first became familiar with the program several years ago when his older neighbor participated and won. As a third-grader last year, Ben grew his cabbage outside, setting up a small fence around it to ward off hungry critters.But upon returning from a family trip, he discovered that his cabbage had been overtaken by caterpillars. His advice to other young growers is to try and protect the plants.Still, one composted 11.7-pound head of cabbage later, Ben is undaunted; he and his family plan to plant a garden again in a couple of weeks.Ben said he'd like to be an engineer when he gets older.Ben's name was drawn from among several finalists in New Mexico who each successfully grew a large cabbage last year while in third grade. Those students – and others like them across the country – each started out with a 2-inch transplant provided at no cost by Bonnie Plants. The company awards a $1,000 scholarship to one cabbage-growing student in each state, each year.
Ahead of its 4G services rollout, state-owned BSNL is seeking 5MHz spectrum in the 2100 MHz band, which it wants to partly fund by offering additional equity to the government.
The acquisition of additional spectrum in the 2100 MHz band is critical for Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) for all- India rollout of 4G services through the Long Term Evolution route (a standard for high-speed mobile communication).
The Detailed Project Report (DPR) cleared by the BSNL's Board of Directors on December 21 entails all aspects of the project, including capital expenditure and other expenses, but, more importantly, the spectrum required for an all-India 4G footprint.
BSNL currently has 5MHz spectrum in the 2100 MHz band that would be sufficient to get its 4G project rolling initially.
But the telecom corporation — which currently offers 2G and 3G mobile services — will need additional 5MHz spectrum in the same band to expand the 4G services across the country.
When contacted, BSNL Chairman and Managing Director Anupam Shrivastava told PTI that the board has approved the DPR and the same will be submitted to the government shortly.
Explaining the proposal, he said that the corporation is seeking spectrum in the 2100 MHz band for all circles, except Rajasthan, where the company is looking for spectrum in the 800 MHz band.
The total tab, BSNL reckons, would be about Rs 9,600 crore. BSNL expects to pay half of this amount through equity route (by issuing additional shares to the government) if allowed, and the rest through revenue generated from business, he added.
“The only financial support that we are seeking from the government is for spectrum,” Shrivastava said referring to the 4G project.
BSNL, which has 10 crore mobile customers, hopes that the soon-to-be-launched LTE-based 4G services will bolster its offerings to customers by allowing them to enjoy faster data speeds and improve user experience overall.
At the same time, the company has outlined an aggressive Wi-Fi blueprint and has already rolled out 16,000 hotspot sites.
This is published unedited from the PTI feed.
A new report from UN independent investigators warns that despite Western protestations that Syrian rebels are “angels,” there is only a very small minority of secular rebels still hoping to create a democratic nation with rights for religious minorities.
Instead, the report says, the rebellion is increasingly dominated by radicals, and it is becoming harder and harder to make a “distinction between the bad and the good rebels.”
The report, whose final findings will be released next week, will also warn that as rebel radicalization grows, their fighters are committing more and worsening atrocities, and that human rights violations are escalating on both sides of the conflict.
Though none of this is really a surprise to anyone paying attention to the war, a UN report confirming it will complicate the efforts by Western officials to justify arming the rebels, and claims that installing the rebels will mean any sort of improvement in the lives of most Syrians.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
So far I received a stocking full of candy!!! Awww yeahhhh! On the envelope she wrote "Gift 1 out of _____ ? " and she said she is sending more things! I'm excited to see what's to come. Will update with pics and more! Thanks Jamie!
Edit: I got the 2nd gift and it was AMAZING!! More than I had ever expected from anyone. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!! She must have done her research, knowing i need a pipe. When the 2nd box came, each gift came wrapped separately, labeled 1, 2, and Last. My brother and I opened up the first gift and laughed hysterically!!! Ring Pots, lmaooo. Same when I opened the 2nd gift. Those dice will defiantly get some use. When I unwrapped the pipe I couldn't believe it. This is too much. Thank you so much Jamie. It all came in one piece =] Check pics ---
Editor no more. Photo by Brad Barket/Getty Images for WIRED
The news of New York Times editor Jill Abramson's abrupt dismissal caught the Internet off guard on Wednesday afternoon, with no indication—even from the Times itself—as to why Abramson had been let go. Now reports are trickling in that the sudden firing was prompted by Abramson's complaints over what she saw as unequal pay compared with her male predecessor Bill Keller. From The New Yorker:
Several weeks ago, I'm told, Abramson discovered that her pay and her pension benefits as both executive editor and, before that, as managing editor, were considerably less than the pay and pension benefits of Bill Keller, the male editor whom she replaced in both jobs. “She confronted the top brass,” one close associate said, and this may have fed into the management's narrative that she was “pushy,” a characterization that, for many, has an inescapably gendered aspect. … [T]o women at an institution that was once sued by its female employees for discriminatory practices, the question brings up ugly memories. Whether Abramson was right or wrong, both sides were left unhappy.
David Folkenflik, NPR's media correspondent, also stated on Twitter that he has “independently confirmed that Abramson did indeed challenge corporate brass over what she saw as unequal pay.”* And two female Times employees—national editor Alison Mitchell and assistant managing editor Susan Chira—warned that Abramson's dismissal would be particularly galling for the many women at the Times who viewed her as a role model.
Reports of conflict between Abramson, publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr., and chief executive officer Mark Thompson were common during Abramson's brief tenure. But until the news of Abramson's dismissal broke, no one outside the Times inner circle had an inkling of just how deep the trouble ran.
Abramson will be replaced by Dean Baquet, previously the Times' managing editor, who will be the newspaper's first ever black executive editor.
*Correction, May 14, 2014: This post originally misspelled David Folkenflik's last name.
The Nationals finished the year with the best record in baseball, but their season came a stunning and abrupt end last night thanks to the Cardinals' ninth inning comeback. Following the game, one of the club's impending free agents told Dan Kolko of MASNSports.com that he would like to return to the team in 2013.
"It's definitely a group of guys that I gel with, and I definitely wouldn't mind coming back," said right-hander Edwin Jackson. "If we work something out and I have a chance to come back and do it all over with these guys again, I'd definitely be happy about it. But as far as right now, deal with it when that time comes … Like I always say going into free agency, you're not really sure (of the team's) plans."
Jackson, 29, left Scott Boras for the Legacy Agency back in July and said he's looking for a multiyear contract this offseason. He joined the Nationals on a one-year, $11MM deal late last winter, then pitched to a 4.03 ERA in 189 2/3 innings across 31 starts. It seems likely that Washington will make him a quality offer so they can receive draft pick compensation if he signs elsewhere. Here is my recent look at Jackson's free agent stock.
Adam LaRoche also reiterated to Kolko that he would like to remain with the team going forward, and that contract talks have not really progressed yet. GM Mike Rizzo acknowledged the preliminary talks and said he likes the way the first baseman fits in the clubhouse. LaRoche will surely decline his half of his $10MM mutual option after hitting .271/.343/.510 with 33 homers this year.
The White House reportedly attempted to block former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who was fired early on in the Trump administration, from testifying about ties between Trump campaign officials and Russia, the Washington Post reports.
Recently obtained letters reveal that the Department of Justice told Yates earlier this month that the administration was invoking its "presidential communication privilege" to prevent her from testifying before the House Intelligence Committee. The move came after Yates' attorney sent a letter stating that she was willing to testify, and would avoid discussing classified information that could compromise investigations. The letter was shared with the Intel Committee. The next day committee chairman Devin Nunes canceled the hearing altogether.
Earlier this year, reports surfaced that Yates had warned the White House that former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn could be subject to Russian blackmail due to his false accounts of his contact with the Russian ambassador.
Sean Spicer has called the report "entirely false": "The White House has taken no action to prevent Sally Yates from testifying and the Department of Justice specifically told her that it would not stop her and to suggest otherwise is completely irresponsible."
If you haven't heard yet, Gilmore Girls will reportedly be coming back as a limited series for Netflix consisting of four 90-minute episodes. You know, just a small piece of news that made me hyperventilate, spill my coffee, and run around my apartment as if I had bleach on my hair.
The TV overlords have blessed us with so many great revivals lately (Veronica Mars, 24, Arrested Development, X-Files) that I almost lost hope of seeing Lorelai and Rory dazzle us with pop culture references again. And yet, turns out it's a ‘s wonderful, ‘s marvelous time to be alive.
While some of you might be reluctant to give into the hype since we don't know anything definite about who's coming back, I can't help but daydream about the moment we'll see the Gilmore Girls together again. And I have some mighty high hopes for the revival – including these ten things I would like to see when the new episodes hit Netflix.
A farewell to Richard Gilmore
While the revival is great news, it's still kind of a bittersweet announcement, since the late Edward Herrmann won't be there reprise his role as Richard Gilmore. I'd love to see a proper send-off, worthy of such a beloved character. And even though Emily didn't “go first” as she demanded, I'm also hoping to witness her thrive on her own, with the help of her daughter and granddaughter.
The 411 on all our favorite characters
I understand that there might be actors that won't be coming back for the revival because of scheduling issues – Liza Weil is now on How to Get Away with Murder, Jared Padalecki might be busy with Supernatural, Melissa McCarthy is ruling the comedy biz – but I still want to know where their characters ended up. Did Paris marry Doyle? Are Kirk and Lulu still together? Did Dean finally get out of Stars Hollow? What's Logan up to? I'm dying to know!
Some Rory-Lane bonding
Rory and Lane's friendship has always been special, and I would love to see how their relationship evolved with time. Last time we saw them, Lane had her twins and Rory was jump-starting her career. How did they keep in touch over the years? There's nothing more awesome than seeing two well-rounded female characters support each other over thick and thin. And now that the issues the two might be dealing with are probably more complex than eight years ago, it will be great to see them exchange valuable advice and dwelling over adult problems.
A Hep Alien Reunion
Since we're on the subject of Lane, who wouldn't want to see Hep Alien rock again? Front row tickets for me, please!
The Gilmore Girls fighting over what to watch on Netflix
Welcome to the streaming era, ladies. No more DVD rentals for you. No Gilmore Girls revival would be complete without a movie night, so seeing them struggle to decide what to watch on Netflix would be a treat.
The Dragonfly Inn
Is Lorelai still managing the Dragonfly Inn? I hope so! That place was whimsical, homey, and very Lorelai. Plus, I've totally missed Michel's sarcastic banter.
A magical Stars Hollow festival
Remember the dance marathon? The Festival of Living Art? The charity picnic basket auction? Too bad Stars Hollow is fictional, or I would move there in a jiffy. The town's festivals are as quirky as they get, so please put together something similar for the revival, OK?
A Lorelai-Luke wedding
These two were meant to be together. Everyone knows it. While seeing them rekindle their relationship in the series finale was sweet (yet incredibly brief), I would love to see Lorelai walk down the aisle toward the man of her dreams. She deserves lots and lots of happiness.
Rory thriving professionally
It was sad to see Logan go, but I couldn't help but applaud Rory's decision to focus on her career after graduation; a career she was preparing for basically since she was in diapers. Is she working for The New York Times yet? Is she short-listed for a Pulitzer? One thing is for sure: wherever she ended up working, she's kicking some major journalistic butt.
Rory + Jess Forever
If you're #TeamJess, you know there would be nothing more satisfying than seeing Rory reconnect with her old leather-wearing flame. While Jess was in no way a perfect boyfriend, he surely grew over the years, becoming a writer and finally fulfilling his potential. Did someone say power-couple?
Whew, just jotting down this list made me nostalgic and beyond eager to see some fresh material. Will any of this happen? Who knows. I'm binge-watching the series again in the meantime.
Alexandra Plesa is a skeptical content crafter by day, and a binge-watcher extraordinaire by night. You can find her on Twitter.
[Image via Warner Bros.]
CHAPEL HILL—Justin Jackson, a rising junior and two-year starter on the University of North Carolina men's basketball team, is withdrawing from the 2016 NBA Draft and will return to school to play for the Tar Heels in 2016-17.
The Tomball, Texas, native has scored 895 points in his first two seasons. He's started 75 of 78 games, averaging 11.5 points per contest with 50 games in double figures. Last year as a sophomore, Jackson averaged 12.2 points as Carolina won the ACC regular-season and Tournament titles and the NCAA East Regional and advanced to the national championship game. Jackson scored in double figures 28 times, registered four games with at least 20 points, and had 113 assists. He was the Most Valuable Player of the CBE Hall of Fame Classic in Kansas City.
“I'm glad I had the chance to enter the Draft and attend the Combine where I was able to meet with a number of NBA executives and test my game against some of the top players in the country, but after discussing it with my parents and coaches and praying over this decision, the best choice for my basketball future is to return to school and play for the Tar Heels next season,” says Jackson. “My dream certainly is to play in the NBA and going through the draft process this year was another step toward reaching that goal, but I've loved my first two years at Carolina and am excited about the upcoming season. It's going to be a fun year, I will be another year closer to earning my degree and can continue to develop as a person and a player.”
“Justin certainly did the right thing in entering the Draft because it helped him and his family make the decision with the most complete information possible,” says UNC head coach Roy Williams. “Justin is a terrific player and an even finer young man and he's going to be a big part of our basketball team next year.”
A plan to increase the overall height of the fence surrounding the White House by approximately 6 feet, about doubling its current height, won preliminary approval from a Washington arts commission Thursday.
The move follows high-profile security breaches at the executive mansion over the past two years. The U.S. Commission of Fine Arts gave its concept approval Thursday to the new design, which also includes thicker and stronger metal fence pickets. The new design still must be reviewed by a second commission, the National Capital Planning Commission. The final design also must win approval from both commissions.
Secret Service and National Park Service officials said in a statement that they hope to begin constructing the new fence by 2018.
The plans follow several fence breaches. In September 2014, a Texas man, Omar Gonzalez, managed to scale the fence, enter the executive mansion and run deep into the building. Gonzalez, who was found to be carrying a folding knife, was ultimately sentenced to 17 months in prison. The security breach prompted officials to put up a second, shorter barrier several feet in front of the fence and to restrict people from entering the space in between the two barriers. Signs tell visitors: "Restricted area" and "Do not enter." The Secret Service polices the area.
A month after Gonzalez was arrested, another man also got over the fence. In 2015 a second layer of steel spikes was added atop the fence, but a college student draped in an American flag got over the fence later in the year.
The new design raises the steel fence's height from 6 feet to 11 feet 7 inches. The fence will be even taller still because it currently sits on a stone base that is 1 to 2 feet depending on the slope of the ground. The base of the new proposed fence would be 6 inches higher.
Officials have compared the height of the White House fence to other fences at buildings in the United States and abroad. A fence around the parliament building in Brussels totals approximately 13 feet while the fence around London's Buckingham Palace is about 11 ½. The height of a fence at Mississippi's governor's mansion totals 12 ½ feet and the height of a fence at Drumthwacket, the official residence of New Jersey's governor, is 7 feet tall.
The White House fence proposal is expected to go before the National Capital Planning Commission this summer. Officials will then refine plans and return to both the arts and planning commissions for final approval in the winter, said National Park Service spokeswoman Jenny Anzelmo-Sarles. Officials have not said what the fence is expected to cost.
Thomas Luebke, secretary of the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts, says commission members are interested in seeing a mock-up of the fence before giving final approval. They want to make sure that the proportion, scale, details and color of the fence work, he said.
"It's a big change. There's no question about it," Luebke said.
Pay close attention to your Uber receipt the next time you catch a ride. A Los Angeles area tech exec got the bill of a lifetime Wednesday after taking a 49-minute Uber ride while visiting New York City.
ConsumerTrack, Inc. President Jeff Bartlett was in the Big Apple on a business trip when he called an UberBLACK SUV to take him and a colleague from the Meatpacking District in Manhattan to Edgewood Cliffs, N.J., for a meeting.
Upon exiting the Uber and checking the ride sharing app, Bartlett had a charge for a jaw-dropping $62,421.99.
©Uber
Quite the cost for just a 14-mile trip, especially considering that Uber's fare estimator predicts a ride from New York City to Hollywood, Calif. — about 2,780 miles — to cost between $6,400 and $8,650.
You can fly first class around the world for less than the cost of Bartlett's Uber. A round-trip ticket from Dallas to Ghana on Emirates Airline runs about $25,000, depending on the time of year. In fact, you can take that global flight 2.5 times for the cost Uber billed Bartlett to go from Manhattan to Jersey.
“I shared the screenshot of the charge to people at the meeting, and everyone was like, ‘Holy Moly,'” Bartlett said. He later joked, “This is how Uber is going to be profitable.”
Not many would have been so light-hearted. Fortunately for Bartlett, the fare — which should have only cost approximately $111 — was later corrected by the company, according to his Uber receipt.
©Uber
Though small, this blunder can be added to the list of reasons Uber is currently facing a lot of public scrutiny. The company has recently come under fire for scandals like implementing surge fare prices on the night of the London terror attack last month and during the JFK taxi strike in January. CEO Travis Kalanick took heat in February after a video surfaced of him arguing with an Uber driver over falling fare prices. The company is also currently facing a sexual harassment scandal, over which they've fired 20 employees and counting.
Find Out: Can These Companies Really Be the Next Uber?
About 20 people, openly carrying rifles and handguns, marched along Mound Road in Detroit to show support for a man who says he was unlawfully arrested because city police officers are against open-carry laws.
Buy Photo Protesters gather in support of Elijah Woody of Detroit, left, who says he was arrested because police don't approve of open-carry laws. Some marchers came packing sidearms or carrying semiautomatic rifles. Michigan law allows guns to be carried in public without a permit. (Photo: Photos by Mandi Wright/Detroit Free Press )Buy Photo Story Highlights About 20 marched to support Elijah Woody, who says he was unlawfully arrested for carrying a handgun
Michigan is one of several states where guns can be carried in public places without a permit
Woody says open carry can often be a deterrent for potential violence
About 20 people, openly armed with rifles and handguns, marched along Mound Road in Detroit Sunday to show support for a man who says he was unlawfully arrested because city police officers are against open-carry laws.
Detroiter Elijah Woody, 24, said he was open carrying a pistol while walking on Hague near Beaubien on Sept. 13 when he stopped to talk with friends around 7 p.m. Police pulled up a short time later.
Woody said he was arrested and charged with carrying a concealed weapon, a felony, and detained five days. He said his gun, a .40-caliber Glock 40, was in plain sight in a holster on his right hip when he was taken into custody.
A hearing is scheduled for Sept. 29.
"I was understandably disturbed about the arrest," said James Baker, 22, of the gun-rights group Hell's Saints, and the organizer of the march. "We support Elijah in fighting his unlawful arrest, and hope to bring awareness to the fact that it occurred."
The group of marchers — some packing sidearms, others carrying semi-automatic rifles — was made up of members of the Hell's Saints, of which Woody is a member, as well as some who described themselves as supporters of constitutional rights.
Baker said the Hell's Saints march the streets with their weapons visible, "hoping to incite conversation" about open carry, a rule of which many are unaware.
Michigan is one of several states where guns are allowed to be carried in public places without a permit.
Woody, who was on-hand for the march, said a visible weapon is, among other things, a deterrent for potential violence.
"I support open carry because if my gun isn't hidden, a person who might want to mess with you wouldn't if they've seen it," he said, standing with his attorney in the parking lot of the Family Dollar store at Mound and Outer Drive. "That's the choice they're going to make: 'Do I want to mess with you (after seeing a weapon)?'"
Attorney Jim Makowski, who is representing Woody in the case, said Sunday that he's still gathering information on the situation. One thing is clear, he said: Woody's arrest is further proof that city officers do not like the open-carry rule.
"They don't like open carry and they are going to abuse people who do," he said.
He said the department has a history of not respecting residents who choose to openly carry firearms. Efforts to reach Detroit Police Department officials for comment were unsuccessful Sunday.
"Bottom line is they're not doing anything illegal," Makowski said.
Contact Marlon A. Walker: 313-223-4531 or mwalker@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter: @marlonawalker.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1utYSlD
National Declassification Center Not Yet “Releasing All It Can”
A version of this article originally appeared in The Federalist.
The National Declassification Center (NDC), governed by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), has the potential to become President Obama's largest, longest-lasting, and most important transparency initiative. The NDC has made important strides over the past six years, but important steps remain to ensure that the Center actually fulfills its mission to “release all we can, and protect what we must.”
According to the most recently available public figures, the NDC has “successfully” reviewed 352 million pages of classified records since 2010. Of these, 222 million pages have completed the NDC's declassification review but have not completed NARA's boxing and processing procedures—and possibly another Department of Energy review. Of the remaining 130 million pages that the NDC has reviewed, only 77 million pages (just 59 percent) were actually declassified. The remaining 53 million pages were returned to their sensitive compartmented information facilities, where they will await re-review at some future point.
This 59-percent release rate is troublingly low. A comparison with government-wide Mandatory Declassification Review (MDR) request figures reveals that documents requested under MDR are released to the public in whole or in part over 94 percent of the time. The MDR release rate would be even higher if the processing included only documents 25 years old or older, as the NDC does.
The primary reason for the NDC's unacceptable rate of censorship is its use of a page-level “pass/fail” declassification review process. As the Public Interest Declassification Board (PIDB), the government declassification watchdog, recently explained, “a single word in a record determined to require continued classification beyond 25 years will cause the entire record to ‘fail.' This process, originally designed by agencies to conserve limited resources, actually does the opposite.” Instead of promoting declassification, this “page by page” shortcut shoves these historic documents back into the vaults (still classified) until a requester requests another “wasteful, expensive” re-review. It also appears to directly contradict the NDC's mission to “release all we can.”
At an April 2015 public forum on the NDC's prioritization process hosted by the National Archives, members of the public strongly reiterated that any other reforms are secondary to the need to end page-level “pass/fail review,” which will lift the NDC's declassification rate to the much more acceptable government declassification rate of 94 percent.
While the NDC has not yet ended “pass/fail review,” soon after the April meeting, the Center took the important step of listing the titles of record series processed for declassification—but not yet publicly available—on its website so that users can know what the NDC has processed. Even better, the NDC now institutes “indexing on demand” wherein researchers can request access to these previously unavailable records and—if they have been declassified—view them within days.
Also promisingly, the NDC is currently embarking on other reforms to improve its efficiency. Another major criticism of the NDC in the PIDB report was that the NDC relies on the wasteful equity referral and consultation re-review process, wherein multiple reviewers from multiple agencies (such as the CIA, NSA, and State Department) are allowed to re-review the same document multiple times. “Clinging to manually-intensive processes diverts increasing dwindling resources,” the PIDB writes, “There must be an understanding and agreement that the current practice of having one, two or more persons conduct a laborious page-by-page declassification assessment for each record under review is an unsustainable practice.“
President Obama also envisioned an end to this process at the NDC. The president instructed the NDC that “further referrals of these records are not required except for those containing information that would clearly and demonstrably reveal [confidential human sources or key WMD design concepts].” Previous large declassification review projects have also shown that a “one set of eyes–one decision” review is possible, effective, and desirable. Both the JFK Assassination Records Review Board and (to a lesser extent) the Nazi War Crimes and Japanese Imperial Government Records Interagency Working Group have shown that declassifiers can effectively be unleashed from the bonds of mandated equity re-review.
Thankfully, if belatedly, the National Declassification Center is beginning to slowly reduce equity re-reviews. Now, after agencies are alerted by the NDC about documents that they may have “equity interest” in, agencies are given a hard deadline of one year to review. If they do not review the documents within that period, agencies will lose their ability to claim an “equity,” and the NDC will use its authority for release. While this reform still falls short of the “one document, one review” ideal espoused by the PIDB, President Obama, and other advocates, it is a step in the right direction of increased declassification efficiency and increased NDC authority. Hopefully more steps will follow.
The NDC also reports that it is improving its methods to prioritize which series of records are scheduled for declassification. Researchers of the 77 million pages declassified so far have described them as “low-hanging fruit.” Indeed, one early NDC report stated that just one percent of all documents in the backlog were “high interest, easy to process.” This means “high interest documents were very likely to be withheld under ‘pass/fail' review.”
While some have warned of the potential danger of damaging archival provenance by selection of prioritized series (“Swiss cheese declassification”)—and it would be a critical mistake to corrupt the provenance of record series—series-level prioritization will ensure that the NDC's resources are going to the documents most in demand and that will be most viewed by the public.
Perhaps the best candidates for series-level declassification by the NDC are the records held by NARA's presidential libraries, the bulk of which are being declassified at a glacial pace due to lack of resources, apparent lack of urgency, and the wasteful equity referral re-review system.
After presidential records, the NDC should consider the declassification of records from principal policymakers, including records of the Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense, Chairman and Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency. Because policymakers impact a broad range of issues, declassification of their records will meet a wide variety of researcher interests in terms of geographic and topical subject areas.
The National Declassification Center also has the important opportunity to gain public support and demonstrate its declassification clout by using its authority to declassify the remaining 1,171 distinct documents related to the John F. Kennedy assassination held by the National Archives whose release to the public was postponed until as late as 2017.
Despite criticisms of the National Declassification Center's low release rate and inability to declassify high-interest documents, it is heartening to see one of President Obama's most important transparency initiatives continue to improve. Archivists, researchers, historians, and public access advocates must work to ensure that it is preserved—and funded—into the next administration and beyond. If the NDC improves the speed, efficiency, quality, and quantity of its declassification reviews, it will make it all the easier to advocate for.
Has John Wall taken the next step and firmly gripped the “superstar” title with his play this season?
The Washington Wizards are one of the more dangerous teams in the Eastern Conference this season, and franchise point guard John Wall is one of the big reasons for their success.
He has taken his game to a completely new level this season, and he has been listed as a “superstar” by quite a few fans. Wall was definitely a star coming into the season at the point guard position, but has he done enough to earn the title of “superstar” with the season that he has been having so far this year? Take a look at his numbers to this point in the season:
Season Tm G MP FG% 3P% 2P% FT% TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS 2014-15 WAS 28 36.1 .458 .329 .484 .757 4.7 10.4 2.1 0.7 3.8 2.6 18.0 View Original Table
Generated 12/26/2014. Provided by Basketball-Reference.com Generated 12/26/2014.
Obviously averaging a double-double with points and assists is huge for a point guard, but his defense has been extremely impressive. Wall hasn't been thought of as a legitimate lockdown defender throughout his career, but he has turned himself into just that this season.
So does Wall have what it takes to be called a superstar now with his performance this season?
At this point in the season, the answer is yes. He'll have to continue to prove that he deserves to keep the title with his play and being consistent for the remainder of the year. That being said, he has the perfect all-around game to earn this title, and has taken control of the Wizards as their franchise player after struggling a bit during the playoffs last year.
What makes Wall worthy of owning this “superstar” title?
One of the main issues that Wall had last season at times was his scoring consistency, especially during the playoffs against the Indiana Pacers. He was still able to average 19.3 points per game, but the consistency was an issue at times. That has changed this year, and he has become a much more complete offensive player.
He has raised his shooting percentage from 43.3 percent from the floor last season to 45.8 percent this season. Wall has also taken his point guard skills to a new level as well, averaging 10.5 assists per game this season as opposed to 8.8 last year. The Wizards needed him to be even more of a playmaker than he was last season, and he has been able to do that.
His biggest improvement has come on the defensive end of the court, where he has turned himself into a very dangerous perimeter defender. Wall is averaging 2.1 steals per game so far this year, and he is using his quickness and athletic ability to pester opposing point guards.
Becoming a two-way star in the NBA isn't easy, and it requires a lot of hard work and dedication. Seeing him mature and decide to focus on becoming a better passer and defender is extremely impressive, and it makes his future look even brighter.
There is still some work that could be done in the turnover category, as Wall is currently averaging 3.8 per game. Despite that number being high, he has done an excellent job of making sure that he makes up for those turnovers with his scoring, defense, and passing. Washington hasn't had a superstar in quite some time, but they definitely have one growing up right in front of their eyes.
At just 24 years of age, Wall is just scratching the surface of what he is capable of becoming. The addition of his defensive game and improved all-around game is something that should excite the fans in Washington. There is still work to be done, but he has definitely proven that he is worthy of being included in the superstar category of NBA players.
Wall has proven himself this season to be the franchise player that Washington saw when they drafted him, and he is looking to lead the Wizards back to prominence in the Eastern Conference.
Note: By submitting this form, you agree to Third Door Media's terms . We respect your privacy .
Sign up for our NEW daily brief, your #1 source for need-to-know search marketing news.
For many years, I've been on panels where I comment on PPC landing pages volunteered by the audience. Given the wild popularity of these sessions, it's safe to say that marketers are still way behind in their landing page improvement efforts. Often, they just need a push to get started down the right path.
Here, I'll focus on several effective landing pages elements and provide examples.
1. Credibility Indicators
On landing pages, try including credibility indicators such as testimonials, reviews, awards, social media information (i.e. Facebook likes, number of tweets, etc.) and seller ratings.
Here are some specific ideas related to credibility indicators:
Use specific testimonials for specific products/services – these tend to convert best.
Use testimonials to reiterate your company's core value propositions.
Couple a longer, extremely compelling testimonial at the top of a page with a couple of shorter ones (see nuts.com example below). Whether the top one is from CNN or NYT, or a particularly eloquent customer, depends of course on your business, track record, etc.
2. Add Elements To Your Existing Buttons
To improve conversions, add some extra pop to your existing buttons.
For example, instead of a simple “buy now” button, try dual buttons with options like “quick view” or “order now”.
If your online strategy is linked up to Facebook, try testing combinations of conversion buttons and “sign in with Facebook” buttons. Take a look at the following example:
3. Remove Page Elements
We usually try to add elements to pages. Instead, try removing elements that can decrease the chance of a conversion (you should always focus on your primary conversion event first).
Here are several examples of items you can remove:
Secondary and tertiary conversion events like newsletter sign-ups
Extra links on a page
The navigation bar
Reduce the number of words on a page (using bullet points can help with this)
In general, cleaner pages with less clutter tend to convert better than overly designed ones with a lot of images and text.
4. Calls To Action
I know, I know. This one is cliché and is often touted by many. But it's not always the best strategy from a conversion standpoint to go right for the sale.
Is it possible to break down your sales process by collecting little information at the original point of contact and ask for additional information in subsequent interactions?
Here are some examples of this:
Add to cart, then ask for personal user info.
Follow up with a phone call and ask for more information via form.
If requesting contact info (a lead), ask for the minimum amount of variables possible on the original lead form page and request more variables on the thank-you page. Offer an incentive on the thank-you page for people to give you additional details.
5. Try Different Wording
Different words evoke different kinds of emotions. Try different wording to try to improve conversion rates.
In both of the examples below, the companies use words other than “order now” to “ask for the sale”.
37 signals uses “see plans and pricing”
Crazyegg.com uses “show me my heat map” (as opposed to order now):
What are some effective landing page tactics you've employed for better conversions?
Opinions expressed in this article are those of the guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here.
India is a land of artistes and art dwells in every nook and corner of India. One such legendary artiste the nation was blessed to have been Pandit Ravi Shankar. Rightly called “the godfather of world music”, the sitar maestro was a gem of Indian classical music. On April 7, 2014, it's his 94th birth anniversary and on this occasion, we pay a tribute to his life and his music.
Robindro Shaunkor Chowdhury or well-known as Ravi Shankar, was born on this day in 1920 in Varanasi, the city of pilgrims. At the age of 10, he went to Paris with his choreographer brother Uday Shankar, who was a part of a dance troupe called 'Company of Hindu Dance and Music'. It was there that Ravi Shankar was exposed to the dances and music of both Indian and Western cultures at the same time. The seed that was sown in childhood and adolescence, bore fruits in the later years and so Pandit Ravi Shankar was aptly acknowledged as the global ambassador of Indian classical music.
Ravi Shankar learned sitar from his guru, the multi-instrumentalist and the lead musician of Maihar court, Allaudin Khan. Shankar met Khan in 1934 at a music conference in Kolkata. After two years, Khan became the soloist of Uday's dance troupe. And in 1938, Ravi Shankar gave up dancing and went to Maihar to train under his mentor and guide. His training came to an end six years later, in 1944, and his musical journey commenced.
After completing his training, Ravi Shankar moved to Mumbai and composed music for ballet in the Indian People's Theatre Association. He then became the music director of the India Radio, New Delhi radio station. During this period, he composed pieces for orchestra in which he merged classical Indian instruments with the western instrumentation. He was also the music composer of Satyajit Ray's Apu trilogy and was a music director for several Hindi movies like Godaan and Anuradha.
In the years to come, Ravi Shankar did many concerts internationally as well as in India, performed with many artistes and won numerous awards. He performed, wrote music and recorded three songs with violinist Yehudi Menuhin. He also performed with Alla Rakha who accompanied him on the tabla. He toured to many countries like Germany, U.S.A, United Kingdom and earned recognition across the world. Moreover, George Harrison became fond of Indian music and started learning Sitar with Ravi Shankar and played the sitar in the Beatle's track 'Norwegian Wood'. The master of Sitar gained more and more popularity with each passing year and was the pioneer in introducing the traditional Indian music to the western audiences. He grabbed many awards including two Grammy awards and also bagged an Oscar nomination for his score in the film Gandhi by Richard Attenborough.
In 1997, Pandit Ravi Shankar taught his daughter Anoushka Shankar playing Sitar and later on composed music for her, toured and performed with her. His last concert was with Anoushka on November 4, 2012 at Long Beach. Shankar breathed his last on the 11th of December, 2012 in San Diego, California losing battle to some respiratory and heart ailments. India suffered a great loss with his sad demise but he will always be remembered through his music. He was probably the only musician who experimented with and fused together Indian classic and western music.
Here are some glimpses in the life and music of the sitar maestro.
The trailer of a documentary film 'Raga' on Pandit Ravi Shankar, shot by Howard Worth and released in 1971
Ravi Shankar and George Harrison organised the Concert for Bangladesh at Madison Square Garden to help the Bangladeshi refugees
Ravi Shankar performing with violinist Yehudi Menuhin
Alla Rakha at tabla accompanies Pandit Ravi Shankar at Sitar as they perform for BBC at Pebble Mills
Ravi Shankar's final concert with daughter Anoushka Shankar
German business confidence fell in March but much less than had been feared by economists.
The Ifo think tank's business climate index, based on a monthly survey of some 7,000 firms, inched down.
Ifo found firms were worried by the prospect of higher euro zone interest rates and concern over the impact of Japan's earthquake.
The euro rose in response as investors see Germany's economic upturn continuing.
Ifo said about half of the survey's responses came in after the disaster at Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant began to unfold.
Analysts said there may be some worries about orders to and from Japan in the near-term, although sales there are only a tiny proportion of German exports and the concern was likely chiefly about the broad impact on the global economy.
“The relatively slight fall is noticeably linked to Japan and other uncertainty factors such as the situation in North Africa or the Middle East,” Ifo economist Klaus Abberger said.
Posted By Bay Area Intifada
Written By Jabar
Having spent over 10 years in the service industry I can confidently say that 80% of restaurants are stealing from you one way or another. In some cases my employers stole from me secretly by shaving down my hours at the end of the night so I wouldn't get paid properly for skipping breaks or working overtime. Sometimes they told me to my face that they shaved hours to keep the corporate office off their backs claiming that if they didn't shave hours they would “have to fire employees because of labor costs”. Hearing this type of thing from multi-million dollar restaurants is both absurd and all too common. Common, because it works.
Most of the time I would get angry after a while and quit. I would swear to myself that I would make my employer pay, but the thought of hiring a lawyer and having to pay huge legal fees against a corporation was always too overwhelming. Recently I connected with Just Wages Network [JWN], a group focused on supporting workers with wage theft claims and they gave me the breakdown:
California Law and Wage Theft
According to California employment law, all workers – regardless of immigration status, gender, and other identities – are required to receive just compensation for their labor.
This means that employers are required to:
Pay 1 and 1⁄2 times the regular rate, when work exceeds 8 hours in a day or 40 in a week.
Pay double the wage for after 12 hours in a day, or after 8 hours on the 7th consecutive day.
Pay minimum wage, at least $8 an hour, and, starting in July 2014, $9 an hour, for all time at work.
Keep track of all hours worked by an employee, and pay at least minimum wage.
Provide an uninterrupted 30 minute break for each 5 hours worked, & a 10-minute break for each 4 hours.
To pay 1 hour of regular wages each day when an employee is not able to take a 10-minute rest break.
To pay 1 hour of regular wages each day when an employee is not able to take a 30 minute meal break.
If you or someone you know is currently working in the service industry, chances are you are being ripped off. I'd recommend getting even… and getting paid in the process. For general questions about wage theft or to have a free consultation contact Just Wages Network [JWN]:
Email: Justwagesnetwork@gmail.com
Phone: (510) 703-1380
Or Contact Bay Area Intifada:
Email: bayareaintifada@riseup.net
Facebook [ Click Here ]
Advertisements
Lebanese lawmakers meet in the Lebanese Parliament during a session to debate whether to extend their term 17 months, in Beirut, Lebanon, Friday May 31, 2013. Lebanon's state run news agency says the country's parliament has voted to extend its term 17 months because of deteriorating security conditions related to Syria's civil war. Friday's decision also comes after rival blocs in the 128-member legislature failed to agree on a new elections law. (AP Photo/Hussein Malla)
BEIRUT (AP) — The Lebanese parliament postponed upcoming elections on Friday, extending its term 17 months because of deteriorating security conditions related to Syria's civil war.
The decision, which had been expected, marks the first time that parliament has had to extend its term since Lebanon's own 15-year civil war ended in 1990, and underlines the growing turmoil in the country spilling over from the conflict in its neighbor.
It is widely seen as a blow to Lebanon's tradition of free elections, but it may help lower tensions at a critical time for the fragile and deeply divided country.
Dozens of people have been killed in Lebanon over the past two years in clashes between pro- and anti-Syrian Lebanese groups, making it difficult to hold elections amid tension.
Ninety-seven legislators in the 128-seat body voted in favor of extension in a session that lasted 10 minutes, state-run National News Agency said. The parliament postponed elections from June until November 2014.
Friday's decision also comes after rival blocs in the legislature failed to agree on a new elections law.
Both pro- and anti-Syrian blocs in parliament agreed on the extension, with one exception being the Free Patriotic Movement of Christian leader Michel Aoun. The FPM is the second largest bloc in parliament.
Aoun and President Michel Suleiman have said they will challenge the extension, although that is unlikely to affect Friday's decision given the size of the majority.
Defenders say the decision was a necessary evil.
"In order not to reach a (political) vacuum, it became necessary to see the extension of parliament's term as a good thing, although it is not," said legislator and former prime minister Fuad Saniora. "This step became necessary to avoid a vacuum as well as security breaches."
About 100 meters (yards) from the parliament building, dozens of pro-democracy activists held a protest and threw tomatoes at some lawmakers' cars. They carried three fake coffins draped in Lebanese flags.
"With deep sadness and shock we declare the death of democracy," read a banner.
Sectarian clashes tied to Syria's war have broken out with increasing regularity in Lebanon, a country with a religious divide that mirrors that of its neighbor.
At least 28 people have been killed and more than 200 wounded this month in battles in the northern city of Tripoli recently as supporters and opponents of President Bashar Assad lobbed mortar shells and fired heavy machine guns at each other.
That violence, coupled with the militant Lebanese Hezbollah group's direct intervention in the Syrian conflict on the side of the Assad regime, has deeply shaken Lebanon, and it threatens to throw off the country's precarious sectarian balance. The conflict also has forced some 500,000 Syrians to seek refuge in Lebanon, putting a severe strain on the country of 4 million to cope with the influx.
UN Special Coordinator for Lebanon Derek Plumbly said in a statement that while it was "clearly important to ensure the continuity of institutions - it was a matter of regret that no agreement had been reached on elections."
He added that the United Nations would continue to encourage all parties in Lebanon to work for the "expeditious conduct of parliamentary elections in line with the country's longstanding democratic tradition."
Law Prof Writing Revenge Porn Legislation Wants To Upend Safe Harbors On The Internet 'For The Children'
from the let's-nuke-the-internet-to-kill-that-one-thing dept
It's pretty much universally accepted that "revenge porn" is a bad thing and that steps should be taken to prevent the posting of someone's private photos (usually along with contact info) at various websites that entertain the small minds that find this cathartic or fascinating or hilarious (and, of course, it's even worse that many of these sites then try to charge people to take down their photos).
Unfortunately, because it's so thoroughly reviled, attempts to curtail revenge porn tend to be poorly thought out. One bad law can do an awful lot of collateral damage -- something those actively pushing legislative solutions tend to forget in their hurry to rid society of unpleasantness.
Mary Anne Franks, a law professor at the University of Miami, has been pushing to get revenge porn criminalized. To that end, she is helping draft a bill with an (unnamed) member of Congress. The problems with her proposed legislation are several. Houston defense attorney Mark Bennett has unpacked the First Amendment implications (mostly negative) of her proposed law in two excellent and thorough posts over at his blog, Defending People.
A overly-simplified reduction of Franks' arguments in favor of the proposed law boils down to this: because it's unpleasant and most people would find it offensive, it isn't protected by the First Amendment. Bennett disassembles each point she makes and they all seem to come back to this.
Franks: "The First Amend­ment does not serve as a blan­ket pro­tec­tion for mali­cious, harm­ful con­duct sim­ply because such con­duct may have an expres­sive dimen­sion. Stalk­ing, harass­ment, voyeurism, and threats can all take the form of speech or expres­sion, yet the crim­i­nal­iza­tion of such con­duct is com­mon and care­fully crafted crim­i­nal statutes pro­hibit­ing this con­duct have not been held to vio­late First Amend­ment prin­ci­ples. The non-consensual dis­clo­sure of sex­u­ally inti­mate images is no different."
There is a world of dif­fer­ence between “The First Amend­ment does not serve as a blan­ket pro­tec­tion for mali­cious, harm­ful con­duct” and “mali­cious, harm­ful con­duct is unprotected.”
Frank makes a num­ber of such asser­tions as “the non-consensual dis­clo­sure of sex­u­ally inti­mate images is no dif­fer­ent,” but stamp­ing her foot and insist­ing that it so doesn't make it so. Even if a law pro­fes­sor is inca­pable, a com­pe­tent lawyer can always find a dif­fer­ence between two things. One impor­tant dif­fer­ence between the dis­clo­sure of sex­u­ally inti­mate images on the one hand, and the con­duct of harass­ment, threats, and stalk­ing on the other, is that a statute for­bid­ding the for­mer is nec­es­sar­ily content-based, so it must meet strict scrutiny.
“It's kinda like harass­ment” doesn't over­come the obsta­cle of strict scrutiny, espe­cially since the Supreme Court has never upheld a crim­i­nal harassment statute.
Websites that specialize in revenge pornography cannot currently be forced by state law to remove content because Section 230 of the federal Communications Decency Act grants Internet companies legal immunity if third-party content doesn't violate federal copyright or criminal law.
"A lot of companies are under the impression they can't be touched by state criminal laws," Franks said, because "Section 230 trumps any state criminal law."
The Communications Decency Act, however, doesn't trump federal criminal law, she said, pointing to child pornography.
"The impact [of a federal law] for victims would be immediate," Franks said. "If it became a federal criminal law that you can't engage in this type of behavior, potentially Google, any website, Verizon, any of these entities might have to face liability for violations."
"Hopefully," she said, "we would develop a similar take-down notice regime that we see in a copyright context, which means that anytime a victim becomes aware that [their] picture is on one of these websites without their consent, [they] can notify the website, [they] can notify Google, [they] could notify all the people inadvertently helping the image get shown... that this is nonconsensual material and needs to be taken down."
Well, that didn't take long at all. In their zeal to end revenge porn, which no one disputes is a blight on the internet, Franks and her ilk are more than happy to destroy free speech on the internet. After all, what's free speech when compared to their feelings?
I do want to point out that neither the EFF nor the ACLU has expressed opposition to any specific law that I have personally drafted. I have sent my draft statutes to members of both organizations and am I awaiting their responses.
Notice the attempt to weasel out of reality, “any specific law that I have personally drafted”? Frank neglects to mention that she sent an email to an EFF non-lawyer advocate, who was never an appropriate person to contact and who didn't respond to her personal email, and has tried to parlay this by claiming these organizations don't oppose her, in a deliberate effort to mislead.
But then there's a whole category of people who aren't confused at all – let's call this the “threatened sexist” category. To explain this, we have to back up a bit and take note of the fact that non-consensual pornography, like rape, domestic violence, and sexual harassment, is overwhelmingly (though of course not exclusively) targeted at women and girls. So you get some people who might cynically invoke the First Amendment or raise disingenuous questions about scope, but who are really just hostile to anything that makes it harder to treat women as second-class citizens, especially when it comes to sex.
These are people who fully understand that a great number of our personal, social, and legal interactions are premised on the idea of contextual consent. They would never argue that a customer who gives his credit card to a waiter has given the waiter the right to use that credit card to buy himself a motorcycle. They would never argue that the fact that a person voluntarily gave personal information to a cellphone gives that provider the right to hand that information over to, say, the NSA.
You do realize that this is known as the third party doctrine, and is the actual reason used to justify government spying, right?
As Bennett details, Franks has approached this largely in the "activist" role , rather than a scholarly role. In doing so, she's made arguments current case law just doesn't back up. That itself is problematic considering she's working with a Congress member to draft a law that will address an already-emotionally charged issue.But it gets worse. Scott Greenfield points out a recent interview Franks did with US News and World Report , where she makes this troubling statement.Having earlier questioned how long it would take Section 230 to fall in the face of anti-revenge porn efforts, Greenfield now has his answer The US News article also contains quotes from Matt Zimmerman, senior staff attorney at the EFF, who logically points out that targeting intermediaries by bypassing (or removing) Section 230 protection is a terrible idea and will inflict collateral damage all over the internet. As he points out, companies will simply remove user content as quickly as possible whenever requested rather than be held legally or criminally accountable for hosting it. Additionally, there's a good chance some platforms and hosting services will simply shut down altogether rather than have to play internet police 24/7.Franks "rebutted" Zimmerman's assertion, but from an oblique angle Well, if the EFF and ACLU don't think it's a bad idea… Oh, wait. That's not what she actually said. Greenfield breaks it down.Franks is looking to do some serious damage to free speech with her proposed law. While it could be theorized that courts will buy her arguments about what the First Amendment does and doesn't protect (troubling in its own way), this proposed attack on Section 230 Safe Harbor is bad news no matter how you look at it. The fact that she brings up child pornography is another indication that advocating for this law has very little to do with ensuring standing protections remain as unscathed as possible.Politicians and special interest groups have often used " for the children " as an excuse for all sorts of legislative havoc . After all, who's going to defend child pornography? It's a disingenuous rhetorical tactic that equates Pet Issue A with The Worst Thing on the Internet in order to paint opponents as child porn sympathizers. But as Greenfield says, what are rights compared to feelings? Revenge porn is bad, and those arguing against legislative measures like Franks' are frequently portrayed as misogynists trying to ensure their abuse of women continues uninterrupted. Here's Franks herself on the subject There's also some indication that Franks, like many others who aggressively advocate for laws that will fundamentally alter the way the internet runs, doesn't have a solid grasp on the very area she's attempting to regulate. She makes the following statement, which follows shortly after her above assertion that opponents will make "cynical arguments" about the First Amendment.As commenter Ken Arromdee points out, this statement is beyond obtuse.Greenfield asks when other law professors are going to step up and call Franks out for her bullshit. The answer, sadly, may be "never." Franks' own statements show she's more than willing to call any opponent a misogynist, something that can easily spell the end of an academic career. No one in this field is in a hurry to get smeared as a revenge/child porn proponent. Even more discouraging -- if this legislation ever hits the floor for a vote -- very few politicians will be willing to oppose this and end up labeled misogynist or simply "soft" on revenge porn, no matter how damaging the outcome will be for the First Amendment and the Section 230 Safe Harbors.
Filed Under: free speech, mary anne franks, revenge porn, secondary liability, section 230
Excerpted with permission from the forthcoming book, WHERE THE BODIES WERE BURIED: Whitey Bulger and the World That Made Him by T.J. English. Copyright © 2015 by T.J. English. To be published on September 15 by William Morrow, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers.
IN THE CASE against Whitey Bulger, history was on trial. There were those aspects of history that had been cobbled together to form the RICO charges against Bulger, acts of crime both depraved and voluminous. But there was also the history that was being omitted; history that the jury would never hear about because the prosecutors and the court—meaning the judge—would do everything in their power to make sure it did not become a significant factor in the trial.
So far, this history had been successfully kept at bay. The witnesses, mostly elderly men with dwindling or selective memories, were there, ostensibly, to reclaim history, but it was history preordained by the DOJ. It was the desire of Wyshak, Kelly, and others in the U.S. attorney's office that had spent decades formulating the case that their version of history would appear so overwhelming and irrefutable that it would render irrelevant any larger picture of the Bulger saga. This was a strategy that, with the help of a compliant judge, seemed likely to rule the day.
For those who had followed the Bulger story for years, however, the unspoken history haunted courtroom number eleven at the Moakley federal courthouse.
The name Barboza had not yet been mentioned at all by the prosecution, and if Wyshak and Kelly had any say in the matter, it would stay that way.
Back in the mid-1960s, when Whitey Bulger was still a federal prisoner on Alcatraz Island in San Francisco Bay, Joe Barboza was in the process of turning himself into a criminal legend as notorious as Bulger would become decades later. Like Bulger, Joe the Animal was a product of his times. He maneuvered himself into a position of strength in the underworld through a mutually compromising covert relationship with the upperworld. The more nefarious this alliance became, the better it was for Barboza, because his handlers in the upperworld had a vested interest in making sure the true dimensions of this relationship were never known to the public at large.
With Barboza, as with Bulger, this relationship was highly beneficial for an extended period of time, until it wasn't.
Barboza was born June 20, 1932, in New Bedford, Massachusetts, the son of Portuguese immigrants originally from the city of Lisbon. Barboza's father was a middleweight boxer and his mother a seamstress. His life of crime began early, with robberies and assaults, and he was first imprisoned in 1950, at the age of eighteen. At the Massachusetts Correctional Institution in Concord, he met a number of underworld figures affiliated with the Patriarca crime family. Upon his release from prison in 1955, Barboza went to work for the Mafia as a bodyguard and thug while at the same time pursuing a career in boxing as a light-heavyweight contender. Fighting under the nickname "the Baron," he had twelve professional fights, winning eight, five of those by knockout.
Around New England, Barboza was known as a vicious thug. He was stocky and muscular, with a thick neck and an angular skull shaped like a watermelon. With less than an eighth-grade education, he was barely literate, though he liked to draw and would later show true talent as a sketch artist.
The Mafia in New England wasn't interested in his abilities as an artist, unless those skills could be applied to the art of murder.
Getty Images
Barboza was willing to kill people for money, and, while still in his twenties, he became known as a proficient contract killer for the Mafia. Because he was not Italian, he would never be a made member, though it was Barboza's dream, expressed to many of his associates in the underworld, that for him the Honored Society would make an exception and he would become the first non-Italian to be inducted. His Sicilian friends slapped him on the back and said, "Hey, you never know. Keep trying." Behind his back, his mafia friends referred to him as "the nigger."
His nickname "Animal" came about because he once bit a chunk of flesh out of a person's cheek during a bar fight. In later years, he admitted to having committed seven murders for the Mob, but he was believed to have killed many more, perhaps as many as twenty-six people.
In the mid-1960s, Barboza found himself in the middle of the Boston gang wars. Although he officially worked for the Italians, he was also aligned with the Winter Hill Mob, which at that time was still led by Buddy McLean. Barboza is believed to have taken part in some of the era's most notorious killings, including the murders of Punchy McLaughlin and the two Hughes brothers, Stevie and Con.
The Boston underworld was a weird intersection of alliances born out of necessity, relationships that were a manifestation of the Machiavellian philosophy that the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Many of Barboza's closest associates during this period would later resurface as key players in the Bulger saga, including John Martorano, Steve Flemmi, and Flemmi's younger brother Vincent "Jimmy the Bear" Flemmi.
In March 1965—the same month that Whitey Bulger was released from prison and returned to Boston—Barboza, Jimmy the Bear, and others had decided to add another body to their ever-growing hit list. The target they had in mind was a low-level hood named Teddy Deegan.
For a hustler in the Boston underworld, the odds of stepping on somebody's toes were great. Deegan had murdered a hood named Anthony Sacramone, who was affiliated with the Winter Hill gang. Deegan was associated with the McLaughlin brothers in Charlestown, a competing faction. In the ongoing tit-for-tat of the Boston gang wars, Deegan having killed Sacramone meant that someone would be looking for revenge. Someone, in this case, was Barboza and Jimmy Flemmi.
Deegan also owed Jimmy Flemmi three hundred dollars, which, by the dictates of gangster logic, was further justification to use him as an example.
At the time, there had been many killings in the Boston underworld—so many that Barboza and Flemmi decided that, in the interest of protocol and self-preservation, they would first get approval for the Deegan hit from the North End mafia boss Jerry Angiulo.
The Italians wanted nothing to do with the crazy war going on between the Winter Hill Mob and the Charlestown crew. At a meeting in the North End, Angiulo told Flemmi and Barboza, "You can't kill someone just because you had an argument with him." The boss told the two hoods that he would only sanction the hit if capo di tutti capi Raymond Patriarca gave his approval.
A meeting was set up for Barboza and Flemmi to convene with "the Office" in Providence. Barboza was excited; it would be his first face-to-face meeting with Patriarca, a big moment for someone who harbored dreams of becoming a made man.
They met the Godfather at Badway's Garage in the Federal Hill section of Providence. Raymond Patriarca showed up looking like exactly what he was: mafia royalty. He wore a lavish, tailored suit and had a diamond pinky ring that caught the light and sparkled.
The sit-down lasted forty-five minutes. Jimmy Flemmi made the case for killing Deegan. "He's a sneak, and I don't fuckin' trust him," he told Patriarca.
Later, the results of this meeting would remain in dispute. Patriarca insisted that he never authorized the Deegan hit but simply told the two killers that if they received approval from Jerry Angiulo, then they would have his approval. Flemmi and Barboza took this as a yes and began planning the hit.
After the meeting, Flemmi said to Barboza, "You didn't have much to say in there. What were you thinking?"
Said Barboza, "I was thinking how I could bite his finger and get that diamond ring."
What none of the men at the meeting in Providence realized was that the location where they met to discuss the killing of Deegan was bugged by the FBI's organized crime division. It was an illegal wire, known as a "gypsy wire," unauthorized by any court of law but fully sanctioned by Director J. Edgar Hoover.
There are multiple FBI memos, never revealed until many decades later, that show the FBI knew what was coming next. They sat back and let it happen.
It was a complicated hit for such an insignificant hood. On the night of March 12, 1965, Barboza, Flemmi, and four other gangsters traveled to Chelsea, where it was known Deegan and two others were to take part in the robbery of a finance company located inside the Lincoln National Bank. One of Deegan's partners was Roy French. Unbeknownst to Deegan, French was a traitor working in cahoots with Barboza and Flemmi.
The robbery was an inside job: a contact at the bank was going to leave an alleyway door open for Deegan and French to enter, where a couple bags of cash would be waiting for them to snatch. It was Barboza and Flemmi's plan to murder Deegan as he was in the midst of the heist.
Jimmy Flemmi was in the getaway car, with Barboza and two others acting as gunmen. The idea was for Roy French to shoot Deegan, but the killers were leaving nothing to chance.
Deegan was gunned down in the alleyway. The autopsy revealed that he had been hit with six bullets from three different guns.
On the night of the murder, the one Deegan accomplice who was not inon the killing was able to escape. Barboza and Jimmy the Bear heard that he was currently in the custody of police. Barboza was worried that this manwould rat them out. He told the Bear that they might have to go on the run.
Jimmy the Bear smiled. It was then that he told Barboza not to worry, he had it covered. The Bear explained that for months he had secretly been meeting with an FBI agent named H. Paul Rico. The Bear was facing charges on another murder he'd done with Barboza, and Paul Rico had suggested to Flemmi that he could make those charges go away if he was willing to become an informant. Jimmy Flemmi had officially signed on as a Top Echelon Informant on March 12, the exact day that he and Barboza murdered Teddy Deegan.
The FBI was fully aware of what they were getting into with Jimmy Flemmi. On March 9, following Flemmi and Barboza's secretly recorded meeting with Patriarca in Providence, a memo was sent from the special agent in charge (SAC) of the Boston field office to Director Hoover. The memo stated, "[Jimmy] Flemmi is suspected of a number of gangland murders and has told [the informant] of his plans to be recognized as the No. One 'hit man' in this area as a contract killer. . . . Flemmi told the informant that all he wants to do now is kill people, and that it is better than hitting banks. . . . Informant said, Flemmi said he can now be the best hit man in the area and intends to be."
The memo further stated, "[Flemmi] is going to continue to commit murder, but informant's potential outweighs the risk involved." Hoover authorized Jimmy Flemmi's role as a Top Echelon Informant knowing that he was a homicidal maniac whose stated goal was to become the biggest hit man in Boston.
“The best city in the world.”
I'll admit it — I've rolled my eyes in reaction to New Yorkers implying, or sometimes just directly stating, their city's superiority over mine. But I think I was missing the point: Bravado is part of the package with this first class city.
New York encourages superlative work in nearly every medium. Bagel and pizza eaters say there's something in the water, scientists theorize that Manhattan would have been the best national park in the country, and Pictory contributor Carla Drago suggested that the city's strict grid is a component of its creative success. Surely a little confidence doesn't hurt either.
This lucky thirteenth showcase, published on the six month anniversary of Pictory's launch, seems an occasion to celebrate the concept of showing off. I'm proud to have NYC designer Nicholas Felton of Feltron Annual Report fame as my guest designer, and Josh Haner of the New York Times Lens Blog as my guest curator. But at the end of the day, the submissions — the beautiful, authentic, sometimes heartwarming, sometimes heart-stopping photo stories I've received from Pictory members over the last six months — are truly humbling.
This was supposed to be it. That sporting aberration from Durban was finally going to be put right at the holy ground of the Wanderers.
The magnificent fight back at Cape Town had reignited belief that we hadn't been sucked into some time machine that was slowly but surely dragging us back to the early 90s. I had really prayed that it wasn't so. Those early days were too fragile and I just don't think I have the mental strength in middle age to cope.
So this was going to be it. It had to be.
And boy was I prepared. Thursday morning shortly after dropping my kids off at their respective schools, I developed a horrible headache and had to go home. A quick “not gonna make it today” note to my boss, and I was all ready. Laptop on, competent illegal stream found. Bring it on!
There really was such a sense of positivity around, and the captaincy change also had me feeling optimistic. Then he wins the toss and chose to bat.
I really should have known better. The rule is never call in sick until after the toss and you know whether you're batting or bowling.
I'm sure it would make for a fascinating PhD dissertation (or maybe not) as to why, but I just battle to watch my team batting. It's too stressful. Each ball could be the one that sends you into total collapse. I think part of my reticence to punish myself this way stems from those early 90s. A time when Andrew Hudson would open the batting, block 8 balls then get out. Innings after innings. That man lived off his 167 in Barbados for far too long.
About an hour later, my boss was very impressed at my miraculous recovery and sudden appearance in the office. Apparently my note had given the impression I'd be spending the next few days in the clinic. Perhaps I was a little over exuberant. Mental note for next time. Anyway, problem fixed. Some days are better off followed on Cricinfo.
Three days later and I think I probably should be in hospital. My head is pounding after being repeatedly bashed against the desk/wall/door/any random hard surface.
What I am I supposed to say now?
I confess, when I wrote all that tripe about peaks and troughs earlier I didn't really mean it. I honestly was convinced in my heart of hearts that we were going to win the last two tests. England are losers. They always lose at football. Their rugby team gave me my most entertaining moment of 2015 at the world cup. They may win the occasional test series but every 2-3 years rest assured, the yellow ones who shall not be named, hammer them 5 – 0 and put them back in their place. They always think they're better than they really are. The Homer Simpson of sport.
I'm not going to go into the details of it all. We all saw it, and it's too painful anyway. I'm just going to share a few thoughts, and hopefully there will be some solace. If not, there's always beer.
For someone who is as competitive as I am, I'm actually quite an accepting guy. I can make peace with almost any crap situation. So I accept the loss, accept the series defeat, and move on. Which brings me to the upcoming dead test.
I really really battle to get my head around this. How on earth do I, as a fan approach it? This is one area where I think the Americans have actually got their sport right. When it's over it's over. Move on.
Why I must be forced to watch a 5 days pommy gloat-fest I don't now. And believe me, my compulsion will force me to do just that. What I really cannot get my head around is why people go to these games. I know the captains do their best to sound all professional and try to make it competitive but we all know better. It's like 5 days of watching the football world cup 3rd place play-off. The single biggest insult to human intelligence ever devised.
I remember watching the dead test after losing the bastards in 2009. Was in Cape Town and there were thousands of people cheering AB de Villiers sending poor Bryce McGain over every stand in the ground. ‘Whats wrong with you people??????” I screamed at the TV. “Go home, this is why we have Cricinfo.” I just don't get it. There's no consolation in a consolation win.
But such is the lost of a sports fan. If you take victory, you gotta take the pain as well. So I will suffer through the next test, as I must. I will take the punishment like a man and focus my thoughts on positive things, like glories past, and try to avoid getting too emotionally involved the the game itself. I promise not to shake my head in disbelief as the selectors undoubtedly continue to turn poor Stiaan van Zyl into the test team's version of Farhaan Behardien – selected for no apparent ability at this level.
If I take the glory, I must also take the shame. It's part of the deal you sign up for when you become a sports fan.
Which brings me to my final thought, and with this, hopefully comfort.
There have been glories in the past and they surely will come again.
I will drift back to our test series wins in England in 2008 and 2012, and console myself knowing that we can beat them, that we have before and one day for surely will again.
I will also smile knowing that this is, after all, England. The team that invented the batting collapse and just like in football, rugby, and just about everything else that involves kicking, throwing, or hitting a ball, their success will be short-lived. The Australians will for sure see to that.
And that fall from grace will be a pure joy in and of itself. Why that is so, will be the subject of a future post.
GPF
Who will look after the super-rich and think about their needs? It's not easy for them: the 1% of the world's population who by next year will own more global wealth than the 99%. Private security costs a fortune, and with the world becoming an increasingly unequal place a certain instability increases. It could be dangerous!
Very smartly, Oxfam International is raising such questions at the World Economic Forum at Davos, where the global elite gather to talk of big ideas and big money. Oxfam executive director, Winnie Byanyima, is arguing that this increasing concentration of wealth since the recession is “bad for growth and bad for governance”. What's more, inequality is bad not just for the poor, but for the rich too. That's why we have the likes of the IMF's Christine Lagarde kicking off with warnings about rising inequality. Visceral inequality from foodbanks to empty luxury flats is still seen as somehow being in the eye of the beholder by the right – a narrative in which poverty is seen as an innate moral failure of the poor themselves has taken hold. This in turn sustains the idea that rich people deserve their incredible riches. Most wealth, though, is not earned: huge assets, often inherited, simply get bigger not because the individuals who own them are super talented, but because structures are in place to ensure this happens.
Most of us – I count myself – are economically inept. The economic climate is represented as a natural force, like uncontrollable weather. It's a shame that the planet is getting hotter, just as it's a shame that the rich are getting richer. But these things are man-made and not inevitable at all. In fact, there are deliberate and systemic reasons as to why this is happening.
The rich, via lobbyists and Byzantine tax arrangements, actively work to stop redistribution. Inequality is not inevitable, it's engineered. Many mainstream economists do not question the degree of this engineering, even when it is highly dubious. This level of acceptance among economists of inequality as merely an unfortunate byproduct of growth, alongside their failure to predict the crash, has worryingly not affected their cult status among blinkered admirers.
Even the mild challenge of Thomas Piketty, with his heretical talk of public rather than private interest being essential to a functioning democracy, is revolutionary in a world which buys the conservative idea that the elixir of “growth” simply has to mean these huge extremes in income distribution.
That argument may now be collapsing. The contortions that certain pet economists make to defend the indefensible 1% are often to do with positing the super-rich as inherently talented and being self-made. The myth is that everyone is a cross between Steve Jobs and Bono; creative, entrepreneurial, unique. The reality is cloned inherited wealth and insane performance-related pay, eg the bankers who continue to reward themselves more than a million a year after overseeing the collapse of the industry.
There are always those who will side with the powerful against the powerless, and economists specialise in this. No wonder Prof Gregory Mankiw's Harvard students walked out of his class following his ludicrous insistence that the system is not gamed for the rich. Such “theorists” flatter the rich by granting them some superpower, which is why they like rock star comparisons. In fact, international finance is peopled by interchangeable guys who are essentially just paying themselves double what they were 10 years ago. They may need to think of themselves as special. We don't have to.
When we talk of neoliberalism, we are talking about something that has fuelled inequality and enabled the 1%. All it means is a stage of capitalism in which the financial markets were deregulated, public services privatised, welfare systems run down, laws to protect working people dismantled, and unions cast as the enemy.
Oxfam's suggestions at Davos are attempts to claw back some basic rights, with talk of tax, redistribution, minimum wages and public services. But isn't it rather incredible that a charity has to do this? The Occupy movement has dissipated, but we are seeing in Europe, primarily in Greece and Spain, a refusal to accept the austerity narrative that we appear to have wolfed down here in the UK.
Oxfam can appeal to the vanity of billionaires, but the truth is that's not enough. The neoliberal project may fail not because of huge protest, but because reduced income means reduced demand. Never mind the angry proletariat, a disappointed middle-class is something all politicians fear. To stem inequality, it is imperative to stop seeing it as inevitable. It's a choice. A choice very few of us have any say in. The poor are always with us. And now the deserving and undeserving super-rich are too? That's just the way things are? No. This climate can also change.
• This article was amended on 19 January 2015 to correct a misuse of the word dyslexic. It has now been changed.
Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong. Anthony Williams compares ways of dealing with errors.
On episode 8 of the Stack Overflow podcast that he does with Jeff Atwood [Spolsky], Joel Spolsky comes out quite strongly against exceptions, on the basis that they are hidden flow paths. Whilst I can sympathise with the idea of making every possible control path in a routine explicitly visible, coming back to writing C code for a recent project after many years of coding in C++ has driven home to me that this actually makes the code a lot harder to follow, as the actual code for what it's really doing is hidden amongst a load of error checking.
Whether or not you use exceptions, you have the same number of possible flow paths. With exceptions, the code can be a lot cleaner than with exceptions, as you don't have to write a check after every function call to verify that it did indeed succeed, and you can now proceed with the rest of the function. Instead, the code tells you when it's gone wrong by throwing an exception.
Exceptions also simplify the function signature: rather than having to add an additional parameter to hold the potential error code, or to hold the function result (because the return value is used for the error code), exceptions allow the function signature to specify exactly what is appropriate for the task at hand, with errors being reported 'out-of-band'. Yes, some functions use errno , which helps by providing a similar out-of-band error channel, but it's not a panacea: you have to check and clear it between every call, otherwise you might be passing invalid data into subsequent functions. Also, it requires that you have a value you can use for the return type in the case that an error occurs. With exceptions you don't have to worry about either of these, as they interrupt the code at the point of the error, and you don't have to supply a return value.
Listing 1 shows three implementations of the same function using error code returns, errno and exceptions.
int foo_with_error_codes(some_type param1, other_type param2,result_type* result) { int error=0; intermediate_type temp; if((error=do_blah(param1,23,&temp)) || (error=do_flibble(param2,temp,result)) { return error; } return 0; } result_type foo_with_errno(some_type param1, other_type param2) { errno=0; intermediate_type temp=do_blah(param1,23); if(errno) { return dummy_result_type_value; } return do_flibble(param2,temp); } result_type foo_with_exceptions(some_type param1, other_type param2) { return do_flibble(param2,do_blah(param1,23)); } Listing 1
Error recovery
In all three cases, I've assumed that no recovery is required if you do_blah succeeds but do_flibble fails. If recovery was required, additional code would be required. It could be argued that this is where the problems with exceptions begin, as the code paths for exceptions are hidden, and it is therefore unclear where the cleanup must be done. However, if you design your code with exceptions in mind I find you still get elegant code (see my blog entry [Williams07] for some considerations on elegance in software). try / catch blocks are ugly: this is where deterministic destruction comes into its own. By encapsulating resources, and performing changes in an exception-safe manner, you end up with elegant code that behaves gracefully in the face of exceptions, without cluttering the 'happy path'. See Listing 2.
int foo_with_error_codes(some_type param1, other_type param2,result_type* result) { int error=0; intermediate_type temp; if(error=do_blah(param1,23,&temp)) { return error; } if(error=do_flibble(param2,temp,result)) { cleanup_blah(temp); return error; } return 0; } result_type foo_with_errno(some_type param1, other_type param2) { errno=0; intermediate_type temp=do_blah(param1,23); if(errno) { return dummy_result_type_value; } result_type res=do_flibble(param2,temp); if(errno) { cleanup_blah(temp); return dummy_result_type_value; } return res; } result_type foo_with_exceptions(some_type param1, other_type param2) { return do_flibble(param2,do_blah(param1,23)); } result_type foo_with_exceptions2(some_type param1, other_type param2) { blah_cleanup_guard temp(do_blah(param1,23)); result_type res=do_flibble(param2,temp); temp.dismiss(); return res; } Listing 2
In the error code cases, we need to explicitly clean up on error, by calling cleanup_blah . In the exception case we've got two possibilities, depending on how your code is structured. In foo_with_exceptions , everything is just handled directly: if you do_flibble doesn't take ownership of the intermediate data, it cleans itself up. This might well be the case if you do_blah returns a type that handles its own resources, such as std::string or boost::shared_ptr . If explicit cleanup might be required, we can write a resource management class such as blah_cleanup_guard used by f oo_with_exceptions2 , which takes ownership of the effects of do_blah , and calls cleanup_blah in the destructor unless we call dismiss to indicate that everything is going OK.
Real examples
That's enough waffling about made up examples, let's look at some real(ish) code. Here's something simple: adding a new value to a dynamic array of DataType objects held in a simple dynamic_array class. Let's assume that objects of DataType can somehow fail to be copied: maybe they allocate memory internally, which may therefore fail. We'll also use a really dumb algorithm that reallocates every time a new element is added. This is not for any reason other than it simplifies the code: we don't need to check whether or not reallocation is needed.
If we're using exceptions, that failure will manifest as an exception, and our code looks like Listing 3. On the other, if we can't use exceptions, the code looks like Listing 4.
class DataType { public: DataType(const DataType& other); }; class dynamic_array { private: class heap_data_holder { DataType* data; unsigned initialized_count; public: heap_data_holder(): data(0),initialized_count(0) {} explicit heap_data_holder(unsigned max_count): data((DataType*)malloc( max_count*sizeof(DataType))), initialized_count(0) { if(!data) { throw std::bad_alloc(); } } void append_copy(DataType const& value) { new ( data+initialized_count) DataType(value); ++initialized_count; } void swap(heap_data_holder& other) { std::swap(data,other.data); std::swap(initialized_count, other.initialized_count); } unsigned get_count() const { return initialized_count; } ~heap_data_holder() { for(unsigned i=0;i<initialized_count;++i) { data[i].~DataType(); } free(data); } DataType& operator[](unsigned index) { return data[index]; } }; heap_data_holder data; // no copying for now dynamic_array& operator=( dynamic_array& other); dynamic_array(dynamic_array& other); public: dynamic_array() {} void add_element(DataType const& new_value) { heap_data_holder new_data(data.get_count()+1); for(unsigned i=0;i<data.get_count();++i) { new_data.append_copy(data[i]); } new_data.append_copy(new_value); new_data.swap(data); } }; Listing 3
class DataType { public: DataType(const DataType& other); int get_error(); }; class dynamic_array { private: class heap_data_holder { DataType* data; unsigned initialized_count; int error_code; public: heap_data_holder(): data(0),initialized_count(0), error_code(0) {} explicit heap_data_holder(unsigned max_count): data((DataType*)malloc( max_count*sizeof(DataType))), initialized_count(0), error_code(0) { if(!data) { error_code=out_of_memory; } } int get_error() const { return error_code; } int append_copy(DataType const& value) { new ( data+initialized_count) DataType(value); if(data[initialized_count].get_error()) { int const error= data[initialized_count].get_error(); data[initialized_count].~DataType(); return error; } ++initialized_count; return 0; } void swap(heap_data_holder& other) { std::swap(data,other.data); std::swap(initialized_count, other.initialized_count); } unsigned get_count() const { return initialized_count; } ~heap_data_holder() { for(unsigned i=0;i<initialized_count;++i) { data[i].~DataType(); } free(data); } DataType& operator[](unsigned index) { return data[index]; } }; heap_data_holder data; // no copying for now dynamic_array& operator=(dynamic_array& other); dynamic_array(dynamic_array& other); public: dynamic_array() {} int add_element(DataType const& new_value) { heap_data_holder new_data(data.get_count()+1); if(new_data.get_error()) return new_data.get_error(); for(unsigned i=0;i<data.get_count();++i) { int const error= new_data.append_copy(data[i]); if(error) return error; } int const error= new_data.append_copy(new_value); if(error) return error; new_data.swap(data); return 0; } }; Listing 4
It's not too dissimilar, but there are a lot of checks for error codes: add_element has gone from 10 lines to 17, which is almost double, and there are also additional checks in the heap_data_holder class. In my experience, this is typical: if you have to explicitly write error checks at every failure point rather than use exceptions, your code can get quite a lot larger for no gain. Also, the constructor of heap_data_holder can no longer report failure directly: it must store the error code for later retrieval. To my eyes, the exception-based version is a whole lot clearer and more elegant, as well as being shorter: a net gain over the error-code version.
Error safety
I expect most of you are familiar with the Abrahams Exception Safety Guarantees [Abrahams], but these could realisticly be termed Error Safety Guarantees: we want code that is robust in the face of errors in general, not just exceptions. The only reason that exceptions are 'special' is that people are less familiar with how to write code in the presence of exceptions. It is providing sensible guarantees for the code that leads us to the structure of the example code above; something that remains essentially the same even when using error codes. Creating a copy of a structure 'off to the side' and then swapping it with the original is a useful technique whichever error handling mechanism you use, but it really comes into its own with exceptions.
The Abrahams Exception Safety Guarantee These guarantees were first documented by Dave Abrahams when the C++ Standards committee were working on the 1998 C++ Standard. The idea is that code should provide one of the three guarantees - if it doesn't, then an exception occuring in your code will result in leaked resources or corrupt data structures or both. The guarantees are: The no-fail (or no-throw) guarantee This is the strongest of all guarantees. A function that provides this guarantee will not throw any exceptions, and will not fail. All destructors should provide this guarantee, as should important operations like swap which provide the building blocks for the code that uses them to provide suitable exception safety guarantees. The strong guarantee A function that provides this guarantee is all or nothing: if it fails, then any effects are rolled back so the state of the data structure is the same as it was on entry. This requires that the function doesn't do anything irreversible (like perform I/O), and that there are suitable operations that provide the no-fail guarantee which can be used to commit or roll back the changes. The basic guarantee This is the basic level you should strive for in all code: if a function fails, then it must leave the data structures in a valid state, even if that state differs from the original. For example, failure to insert a new item into a container must leave the container in a valid state, even if all the existing items have been deleted. Any code that doesn't provide even the basic guarantee is not exception safe.
Structural changes
The lack of the ability for the constructor of heap_data_holder to abort on failure means that the way objects are written must change: the 'invariants' of the class must be extended to allow for it to be in an 'invalid' state due to the constructor failing. Similarly, the signatures of some functions must change to allow for failures: if your function returns a reference then this can pose a problem if the function failed: you don't necessarily have an object to return a reference to, and must instead return a pointer, which can therefore be NULL . This subtle shift in the design of the code now means that any code that calls this function has to be prepared for a NULL pointer to be returned where before it could rely on there being an object, since there is no such thing as a NULL reference.
The lack of exceptions actually makes it hard to pass the result of one function as a parameter to another altogether: because the function will return normally even if it failed, the second function has to handle whatever the first returns on error without causing serious problems. We saw this back in the first example where the call to do_blah was separated from the call to do_flibble in order to check the error code, whereas the exception version had done_blah called directly in the call for do_flibble . If you apply this to operators it gets even worse: operators don't have any means of returning an error code directly, so they have to resort to techniques such as the use of errno , and you essentially lose any benefits of writing an operator in the first place. With exceptions, we can write:
std::string foo(std::string const& s) { return "hello " + s + " goodbye"; }
where the second call to operator+ will only happen if the first succeeded. If we don't have exceptions then the first call to operator+ has to return something, and the second call to operator+ has to handle the case that one or more of its arguments is an 'invalid' object.
Conclusion
I guess it's a matter of taste, but I find code that uses exceptions is shorter, clearer, and actually has fewer bugs than code that uses error codes. Yes, you have to think about the consequences of an exception, and at which points in the code an exception can be thrown, but you have to do that anyway with error codes, and it's easy to write simple resource management classes to ensure everything is taken care of. Without exceptions you often have to contort the design to handle the error checking.
References
[Abrahams] Abrahams, D., 'Exception Safety in Generic Components', http://www.boost.org/community/exception_safety.html
[Spolsky] 'Stack Overflow' (podcast) - available from: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/index.php/2008/06/podcast-8/
[Williams07] 'Elegance in Software', http://www.justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk/design/elegance-in-software.html
This article is based on a blog entry with the same title at http://www.justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk/design/exceptions-make-for-elegant-code.html
. . . and that doesn't hurt its holiness or its validity!
When I was a child my Sunday School teachers used to say that God whispered the words of the Bible, and someone wrote them down. There is some level of comfort in this idea, and many Christians I love to defend it passionately, but there are problems with this theory. Men of varied culture and history penned the words, men translated the words from language to language, and men deliberated, disagreed, and decided which ancient writings to include in what we call the Bible. Understandably, therefore, there are hundreds of problems when we attempt to see the words as handed down directly from God.
I understand and respect the need for some to yell “heresy” about now! I speculate a twofold reason for this passion: 1) The human need for God to be tangible, thus the equating of the Bible with God. (With our physical bodies we can't touch, see, or hear God, but we can touch, see, and hear the Bible.) 2) The fear that if any discrepancy is found in the Bible that would mean God was not real or that the Bible was not Holy. Well, I hope to dispel both of these ideas here. The Bible does contain hundreds of discrepancies. Yet God is very real, and the Scripture is Holy.
The Bible is inspired by God. It amazingly records and preserves the Hebrew/Jewish people's history with God, the life and teachings of Jesus, and the beginnings of the Christian Church. Inspired, yes. There is, however, a critical difference between spiritual revelation and human words. Have you ever tried to put a spiritual revelation into words? One does not fit perfectly into the other, but words are all we have with which to communicate. The words of the Bible were mostly penned by writers who lived in close relationship to God, and were under some level of the power of the Holy Spirit as they wrote, but nowhere do we read that they were immaculately conceived, or that they were transfigured as they wrote. They were not perfect or omniscient people. Many of them made judgments in their lives for which they would be arrested today, and maybe even given the death penalty. They included adulterers, murderers, a former persecutor of Christians, . . . Despite their humanness, however, the writings they left us are the most valuable and precious tangible gift from God to us. An awe-inspiring set of writings that have revolutionized our world for many centuries. The all-time best-selling book worldwide, and with good reason!
Although most Christians have a Bible in their homes, however, only a small percentage of them ever read it from cover to cover. They claim its value. I've heard many say that if their house caught fire, their Bible would be the first thing they'd grab on the way out. Yet it has largely become an icon. They like to talk and read about what it says, but many Christians don't pick up the actual Bible except to carry it under their arms when they go to church. Yet many of these same Christians are the most defensive of its perfection. Why? Because they have equated it with God. Many Christians, knowingly or unknowingly, worship the Bible. It has unknowingly become their idol, and the idea that the Bible might have a tiny error in it is as blasphemous to them as saying that God makes mistakes.
God does not make mistakes. God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnipresent. God is not confined to or limited by our finite understanding of who God is. Nor is God confined to any writings, no matter how great and how inspired. Language is humanity's means of communication. God is not confined to written or spoken human language. Humans, on the other hand, even when given a spiritual truth or revelation, can only process it through our own finite mental and spiritual understanding. Thus our attempts to explain will never be equal to God's perfection. God inspired the writers of the Bible, but author it, God did not.
A present day example of this distinction: I visited a church where the pastor preached an inspired sermon. He was passionate about living for God, and his relationship with God was not questionable. He claimed God gave him his sermon, and I believe him. Yet, perhaps due to his level of education, his sermon did have a couple of errors. Not because God doesn't know everything, but because the pastor doesn't. Still God is using him, just as God amazingly chooses to work through such imperfect children as you and me!
The book we know as the Bible is actually not one book but a compilation of 66 different inspired writings, written in several different genres by many different authors over a span of many centuries. Some of these writings are personal letters. Others are books of poetry, or allegory, or law, or history, or prophecy . . ., each of which should, by nature of the genre, be read a little differently. The Biblical writers, just as writers today, wrote to and within the confines of the cultures of which they were a part.
Related: How Does a Red Letter Christian Read the Bible? – A Jesus Shaped Proposal
I have heard many Christians proclaim emphatically that the Scripture needs no interpretation, that it speaks for itself. As humans, however, there is no such thing as reading anything (the newspaper, the Bible, this blog . . .) without applying our own interpretation to that reading. We all read through the eyes and ears of our own education and experience. Most of us developed our own interpretations from those of our spiritual leaders past and present (pastors, teachers, parents, spouse . . .), although we may be totally unaware of their influence. All of us interpret, but not always responsibly. A most complete interpretation of each individual book of the Bible involves several questions, like:
Who wrote it?
When was it written?
For what purpose was it written?
To whom was it written? (Who was its intended audience?)
What genre is it?
What was the culture in which the author lived?
What did the words mean in their original language? (If you have ever mastered a second language, you know that translation is definitely not an exact science.)
How would the original readers have understood it?
Can God speak to someone who doesn't know any of this? Absolutely! The Bible is powerful, and God can use it to speak to anyone. Our spiritual teachers and leaders, however, should pay attention to these questions.
One of the most widespread errors in interpretation is thinking the Bible was written primarily as a rule book for our 21st century American lives. That's such a small part of what the Bible is, comparable perhaps to the popular feel-good slogan that the Bible is “God's love letter to us.” Those who have adopted this slogan I suspect have not read the first several books of the Old Testament lately, books filled with war, and plundering, and killing. Certainly parts of it are applicable to teach us how to live, but the Bible was not written primarily as a book of rules for life in the 21st century (or any century). None of the Biblical writers anticipated that their writings would be read, and basically worshipped, thousands of years later on the other side of the earth! They wrote for a specific audience and a specific purpose. If, however, we read it with intelligence and responsibility, its most profound truths are timeless, as is God, and these truths can indeed be the structure upon which we build our Christian lives. The foundation, however, should be Christ alone.
Today's Christian culture has become extremely political and polarized within itself. Despite Jesus' repeated emphasis on the unity of the believers, we seem to have an inate need to divide ourselves. Those who think just like I do vs. those who don't. Of course those who don't are the “bad guys.” We have developed many a litmus test for weeding out those who do not fit our camp, including the words infallible and inerrant to describe the Bible. Now, I have personally found these words completely useless in any meaningful discussion, because every person I have ever heard use them has his own definition of exactly what they mean. In my experience these words are meant only to divide God's children into factions, something Jesus prayed against in His final earthly prayer. He knew us even then, didn't He! His prayer was that we would be one. If we are His children, we are all in the sheepfold, although no two of us will see things exactly the same.
Am I attempting to discredit the Bible or prove it invalid? NO!!! I revere, treasure, and cherish the Bible. I read and study it with diligence, and it molds and shapes my life. Yet I do not worship the Bible. I study the Bible because it points me to the One Who alone is worthy of my worship, the Creator of the heavens and the earth, the Sustainer of all life, the Omnipotent, Omniscient, and Omnipresent God of Abraham, Moses, David, Peter, and Paul. The God of Mother Teresa, Corrie ten Booms, Martin Luther King, C.S. Lewis, and Billy Graham. God alone is perfect and worthy of worship.
In my opinion the many discrepancies in the Bible serve to reinforce its validity, not detract from it. The fact that different writers tell different versions of the same story, with all the most important details in unison with each other, adds much more validity than if they all told it in the exact same words. Do any two witnesses have exactly the same interpretation of an event? (Think of a car accident for example. Everyone is caught up in the moment, seeing things from their own perspective, and should they 30 years later decide to write their memory of it, there would surely be discrepancies. Yet collectively they would preserve and validate the reality of the event.)
So, let's talk about those discrepancies in the Bible. Some are probably copy errors made by the scribes. Others are translation errors. Others are just educated guesses from conflicting documents about which is closer to the original (of which by the way none exist to us). Others are products of the time of writing. For example, it was not widely accepted at the time of Biblical writing that the earth was round. Other discrepancies are due to different eye-witnesses perceiving events from different vantage points, or the time period between the actual event and the time it was written down. (Do we not all miss a detail or two when we tell about something we saw thirty years ago?) Most of the Biblical accounts were written long after the actual events, from memory or from years and years of oral tradition.
Related: The Power of Being a Partial Bible Christian!
OK, I made the claim that there are hundreds of discrepancies in the Bible. If you are still reading, you must be interested in examining this. At some later date, should there be interest, perhaps I will compile such a list. For now, however, just to provide an example, I will call your attention to two discrepancies in one particular story. Please don't take my word for it. Read it for yourself, and feel free to share your thoughts:
This story appears twice, once in 2 Samuel 24 and again in 1 Chronicles 21. David sends Joab and the commanders of the army to take a census of Israel and Judah. Two discrepancies between the two stories: 1) One version (2 Sam.) says The Lord incited David to take the census. The other (1 Chron.) says Satan incited him. 2) 2 Sam. numbers the men of Israel as 800, 000 and the men of Judah as 500, 000. 1 Chron. numbers the men of Israel as 1, 100, 000 and the men of Judah as 470, 000.
Some would try to explain these differences away. 2 different censuses perhaps? If you read both accounts in their entirety, it seems obvious they are the same census. I choose to accept that these details really make no difference. Either way, the important part of the story seems to be that David took a census. Nonetheless, it seems impossible that both this Biblical account can be inerrant.
What does the Bible claim for itself? Is there any claim of inerrancy or infallibility? Is there any claim that it should be worshipped? Is there any claim of being the ultimate authority for matters like history or science? If not, we do it and ourselves a disservice when we put such demands on it. The most quoted passage used to justify these claims is 2 Timothy 3:16:
All scripture is inspired by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness – 2 Timothy 3:16
But if we read it carefully we will see how much our own interpretation has been added to its words. Also it is worth noting that our current Biblical canon was not established until the fourth century, and that when the New Testament writers wrote of Scripture, they were referring to certain Old Testament scrolls, and probably some other writings that our canon has not preserved. That is to say that Paul, for example, did not refer to his writings as Scripture. With that in mind, following are a few verses to ponder that deal with Scripture, not calling attention to itself, but to Jesus:
And he began to say to them, “Today this scripture has been fulfilled in your hearing.” – Luke 4:21
And beginning with Moses and all the prophets, he interpreted to them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself. – Luke 24:27
You search the scriptures, because you think that in them you have eternal life; and it is they that bear witness to me; yet you refuse to come to me that you may have life. – John 5:39-40
For he powerfully confuted the Jews in public, showing by the scriptures that the Christ was Jesus. – Acts 18:28
Once we are able to give up the notion that there is no human element in the Bible, we are free to reap all the richness and depth that it possesses. What is most amazing to me about the Bible is not that it is without any error, but that, despite its many authors, and the many generations and cultures that its writings span, the main message is so consistent and rich. God is sovereign. Jesus Christ is the Savior and Redeemer of the world. And the Holy Spirit is alive and well in the lives of God's people.
—
Kathy Vestal is a college educator in Salisbury, NC. She has a Master's of Divinity from Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary and a Master's of Education from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. An avid writer, gifted teacher, and occasional public speaker/preacher, her passions include civil rights, social justice, church reform, and education. She has traveled to Mexico, Honduras, Argentina, Ecuador, and The Gambia, Africa, and enjoys reading, nature, and history.
According to fightersonlymagazine.co.uk. Here's how the Feb. 6th card is looking so far:
Nate Marquardt (32-8-2) vs. Vitor Belfort (19-8)
Randy Couture (17-10) vs. Mark Coleman (16-9)
Matt Serra (16-6) vs. Frank Trigg (19-7)
Josh Koscheck (16-4) vs. Paulo Thiago (12-1) [source]
Demian Maia (11-1) vs. Dan Miller (11-2-1)
- Rob Emerson vs. Phillipe Nover
- Rolles Gracie vs. Mostapha Al Turk
- Melvin Guillard vs. Ronnys Torres
HT: fightersonlymagazine.co.uk , mma.fanhouse.com
UPDATE [by Kid Nate]: Heavy.com is pouring cold water on this rumor:
Contrary to reports from other sources, Heavy.com learned from sources close to the UFC on Tuesday afternoon that a contender's bout between Vitor Belfort and Nate Marquardt is "not happening".
It seems likely that the UFC approached Belfort involved about the fight as a possibility and Belfort's camp spoke to Fighters Only a little prematurely.
Visaka Bucha day is a traditional holiday on which the Thai Buddhists, and in general Buddhists from all over the world, celebrate the three main events of Gautam Buddh's life – His birth, enlightenment and his passing away. The day marks a special occasion in Thailand and for Thais living in other countries and is a declared public holiday. Communities following the Buddhism religion commemorate the values, traditions and knowledge enlightened by Lord Budhha on the society and celebrate this day with merit making, precept observation and meditation. Following is the detailed concept of the traditional rituals of Visaka Bucha day.
1. About Visaka Bucha
Visaka Bucha day is the full moon day of the sixth lunar eclipse marking the most important events of Lord Buddha's life. The day is recognised as a worship day and remembrance for the teachings and social and spiritual values of Buddha. The day usually falls in the months of May and June. In case it was a year with the extra eighth lunar month – Adhikamasa – the day is celebrated on the full moon night of seventh lunar eclipse.
2. The Three Events
The three incidents of Gautam Buddh's life – his birth, the day he achieved enlightenment and the day he died – miraculously falls on the same day, the full moon of sixth lunar eclipse. This has been a huge happening in Buddhist culture which people still celebrate.
3. Traditional Ritual
The Buddhist community celebrates this day by way of following rituals
The Washington Department of Ecology has announced that they will conduct public hearings this Friday in Vancouver on two proposed new rules. The hearings are intended to not only look at individual terminals, but at increasing the safety of transporting oil through the state by rail.
Ecology will conduct a separate session for each rule proposal. Public testimony will follow a short presentation by Ecology officials.
The first hearing, scheduled 8 am to noon June 3, will address Contingency Planning for Rail, a rule that would require railroads transporting oil to submit spill response plans to the state for approval. Contingency plans show that railroads are prepared to respond to an oil spill immediately and effectively.
The second hearing, which begins at 1 pm the same day, will focus on proposed Notice Requirements for facilities that receive bulk deliveries of crude oil by rail or pipelines that transport crude oil. The information would help affected communities ensure a rapid, coordinated response in the event of an oil spill.
Those unable to attend the hearings can submit comments online, via email, by fax at 360-407-7288, or by mail to Department of Ecology Spills Program, P.O. Box 47600, Olympia, WA 98504-7600. Ecology is accepting public comments on the two rules through June 10.
June 3 Vancouver public hearing schedule
DoubleTree by Hilton – Vancouver, Columbia Room, 12712 SE 2nd Circle
Contingency planning for rail, 8 a.m. to noon
Notice requirements, 1 p.m.
More information about the upcoming hearings is available on Ecology's public involvement calendar.
We deal with fraud just like any other retailer, and it's very simple: sometimes people try to trick us into giving them free things.
One of our mechanisms to help combat these nefarious plotters is to double-check orders that have billing addresses in one country and shipping addresses in another.
For one such recent order, we asked the customer for photo identification and verification of his address, and he emailed us a photo of his passport just as requested.
That would normally be fine except he is not Stephen Colbert.
Fig. 1 Totally 'shopped passport photo doesn't do Mr. Colbert justice. Besides, he's French.
FAIL UPDATE!! By popular request, we've added the photo to FAIL BLOG and it needs your votes! Vote! For great justice!
Turns out that passport photo is floating around out there on the interwebs and, even better, is actually a sample passport presented by the Hungarian ambassador when Colbert won a bridge naming contest. Here, let us Google it for you. Our quote-unquote-customer just yoinked it and applied (very poorly rastered) warped text to it. He didn't even resize it.
So we replied:
Hi "Jeff Neff," Thanks for writing in. Unfortunately the verification information you have sent in is incomplete. Also, the photo in the ID you presented is Stephen Colbert. While we do love his show and amazing humor, we believe that you, Jeff Neff of Alberta Canada, are not him. Because of this we have had to delete your order and suspend any order activity originating from your IP Address. The information you've presented during checkout will be handed over to the authorities so they may take appropriate action. Thanks,
Rob Patak
Customer Service Manager
So much for our brush with greatness, and better luck next time, "Jeff."
Trump “deeply loves Peter Thiel,” and people in the real estate mogul's inner circle are talking about Thiel as a Supreme Court nominee, a separate source close to Trump told The Huffington Post. That source, who has not spoken to Trump directly about Thiel being nominated to the Court, cautioned that Trump's offers often fail to materialize in real life.
It's not clear whether Trump has indeed offered to nominate Thiel ― only that Thiel has said Trump would nominate him and that Trump's team has discussed Thiel as a possible nominee. Both sources requested anonymity, given that Trump and Thiel have each demonstrated a willingness to seek revenge against parties they feel have wronged them. In Thiel's case, he secretly financed lawsuits against Gawker.com with the intention of destroying the publication. He succeeded, and his role in the assault was only revealed in the final stages.
Trump's press secretary, Hope Hicks, denied that Thiel had been offered a seat on the Supreme Court or that the campaign was discussing the idea. “There is absolutely no truth to this whatsoever,” she told HuffPost.
Using desalination to slake the world's thirst has been an uphill struggle, but now we're learning to go with the flow
STROLLING along Williamsons beach, a quiet strip of sand about 100 kilometres south-east of Melbourne, Australia, you would never guess that a monster lurks just behind the dunes. Nestled at the bottom of a 27-metre-deep pit is a 500-tonne mechanical giant that is about to begin burrowing under the beach and out to sea. In its wake the machine will leave a 4-metre-wide, 1.5-kilometre-long tunnel, the inlet for one of the world's largest plants to turn seawater into drinking water.
Australia is turning to desalination as fresh water in many parts of the country runs short following years of drought. It is not alone. Many countries are eyeing the oceans as a potential source of drinking water as populations grow and rainfall patterns change. Even the relatively rain-drenched UK now has its first large-scale desalination plant, opened earlier this year on the river Thames in east London.
Even the relatively rain-drenched UK has its first large-scale desalination plant, opened earlier this year on the river Thames in east London
Advertisement
Today's desalination plants are unlikely to solve our looming water crisis, however. That's because they have their own unquenchable thirst- for energy. It's needed to drive reverse osmosis (RO), the process in which salty water is forced at high pressure through a membrane that lets water molecules through but blocks the salt. But now a number of researchers and start-up companies think they have a more energy-efficient alternative, and it works by turning RO …
To anyone fearing nuclear warfare following the radioactive rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, take comfort: None of the hallmarks of impending military conflict is visible.
Not yet, at least.
Defence analysts and experts on the Korean Peninsula are watching for potential telltale signs of an advancing skirmish such as the movement of U.S. forces in the Asia-Pacific region.
They doubt the escalating war of words will become a real shooting war. Meanwhile, Guam has not changed its threat levels, despite the U.S. island territory's waters being a stated target of Pyongyang.
Trump has kept up his ominous tone, tweeting a warning on Friday that "military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded."
Should it come to that, Harold Kazianis, director of defence studies at the Center for the National Interest, was unequivocal.
A U.S. Army Paladin self-propelled howitzer takes part in a military exercise near the Demilitarized Zone separating the two Koreas in Paju, South Korea on Friday. Defence analysts doubt the escalating war of words between the U.S. and North Korean leaders will become a real shooting war. (Kim Hong-Ji/Reuters) "All the military options are horrific."
Mainstream analysts agree there's no attack plan that would avoid the deaths of millions, though Kazianis said the chances of full-bore war breaking out remain "below the threshold of sheer panic."
That could change with hints at a possible unilateral U.S. strike, telegraphed by a buildup of forces and an armada of warships, advanced attack submarines and aircraft carriers to the region, as well as jets screeching toward the peninsula.
"What you'd see is a surge in air assets — B-1 bombers, B-2 bombers, F-22 stealth fighters — and you'd see these things coming a mile away," Kazianis said.
The movement of troops, military equipment and supplies into the region may not mean conflict is imminent, but it would at least signal resolve.
A worst-case scenario
The danger, Kazianis said, is that Kim would also be alerted to a U.S. show of force, and in a worst-case scenario, suspicions of an intended surgical strike on his nuclear assets could prompt him to unleash everything he can at U.S. allies.
"That's firing up to 60 nuclear weapons, 130 chemical weapons, and biological weapons down on South Korea. A nightmare scenario, with 10,000 artillery tubes pointed at Seoul, one of the world's biggest cities."
While the leader of a nuclear-armed North Korea may realize he can't best the U.S. militarily, Kim "knows he can still take millions to the graveyard," Kazianis said.
Andersen Air Force base stands on Guam, a U.S. Pacific Territory. There has been no move to organize emergency departures for U.S. diplomats, their families or other American citizens from areas threatened by North Korea. (Erik De Castro/Reuters) Such a scenario still seems improbable to experts, who say what's notable beyond the torqued-up rhetoric has been a lack of action.
Were the U.S. to be taking these threats seriously, for example, one of its first manoeuvres would likely be a mass evacuation of American civilians from South Korea, where 20,000 troops are based, as well as thousands more from Japan, said Derek Chollet, a former Obama administration official and senior adviser for security and defence policy at the German Marshall Fund in Washington.
Chollet, who was in the government during the Libyan revolution, recalled the scramble to organize emergency departures for U.S. diplomats, their families and other American citizens, "to the point that we, the U.S. government, hired a ferry for them to pack up and leave on."
If the situation in the Korean Peninsula intensifies, he suggested airlines could close their routes and be called upon to assist in emergency evacuations, along with military aircraft.
Chance of war is 'fairly low'
There's no inkling that kind of operation is about to happen any time soon, said Lisa Collins, a fellow in the office of the Korea Chair at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies.
"The chance of us engaging in a war with North Korea, under the current circumstances, is fairly low," Collins said. "Both North Korea and the U.S. know very well that any pre-emptive strike or military action would result in an immediate response by the other side that could quickly escalate into an all-out war."
Most people have wrongly played the Kim family as being mad or irrational. — Defence analyst Stephen Noerper
Along with an expected military buildup and evacuations, Collins said, a strong signal of serious debate in the Oval Office about ordering the use of force against North Korea would be leaked reports.
"You would expect to see leaks about discussions about the president's ability to authorize use of force against North Korea, whether Trump has the power to do what he wants without Congress's approval," she said.
south Koreans use a subway whose entrance bears a shelter sign in Seoul on Friday. A North Korean attack would be 'a nightmare scenario, with 10,000 artillery tubes pointed at Seoul, one of the world's biggest cities,' says military analyst Harold Kazianis. (Kim Hong-Ji/Reuters) That was, as Collins pointed out, the pattern in the lead-up to the 2011 military intervention in Libya and the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Meanwhile, long-planned joint military drills set for Aug. 21 to 31 by the U.S. and South Korea are to go on as scheduled.
The exercises would overlap with the North's declared plans to launch four missiles within 30 to 40 kilometres of Guam, leaving open an alarming possibility for error that could spiral into warfare, said Kingston Reif, director for disarmament and threat reduction policy at the Arms Control Association.
"If the two sides aren't careful and don't seek to de-escalate tensions, the greater the potential for a mishap or overreaction that could get out of control."
A woman in Seoul walks past a broadcast showing images of a North Korean missile launch this year. The South Korean president said Monday that the country would do whatever necessary to prevent open war on the Korean peninsula. (Lee Jin-man/Associated Press) The explosive potential for miscalculation worries Stephen Noerper, senior director for policy at the Korea Society.
Even so, what could prevent an all-out war is Kim's awareness of the "asymmetrical nature" of a potential toe-to-toe fight between his isolated nation and the military behemoth that is the United States. Kim's brutality toward his own people and his unhinged rhetoric shouldn't conceal his pragmatism and a fundamental interest in the survival of the regime, said Noerper, who teaches at Columbia University.
'Walk to the line and walk back'
"Most people have wrongly played the Kim family as being mad or irrational," due in part to their "cultish personal proclivities," he said. "But his primary concern is regime security. A conflict would be an endgame in which the regime disappears. So the idea is they walk to the line and walk back."
The pattern of sabre-rattling and retreat has gone on for decades. It's expected this time should go no differently, though the wild card is the new U.S. president's knack for bombastic sound bites.
Diplomacy is still possible. The U.S. has reportedly continued to use a secret back-channel communication line with North Korea. Preserving that line could be crucial, though the president runs the risk of undercutting the efforts with tough posturing.
As Trump told reporters on Thursday: "We don't want to talk about progress, we don't want to talk about back channels. We want to talk about a country that has misbehaved for many, many years … and I had no choice but to take it on."
President Rafael Correa celebrated winning his third term in office before the official results were announced
Ecuador's president Rafael Correa has been elected to a third term in power.
The leftwing incumbent, who first took office in 2007 and was re-elected in 2009, won 58% of the vote, well ahead of his closest challenger, former banker Guillermo Lasso, with 24%.
A beaming Correa appeared on state TV hugging jubilant supporters at the Carondelet presidential palace less than an hour after polls closed. "This victory is yours. It belongs to our families, to our wife, to our friends, our neighbours, the entire nation," Correa said. "We are only here to serve you. Nothing for us. Everything for you, a people who have become dignified in being free."
The 48-year-old Correa has raised living standards for the lower classes and widened the welfare state with region-leading social spending but critics including international human rights groups call him a bully.
Correa has brought uncharacteristic political stability to the oil-exporting nation of 14.6 million people that had been through seven presidents in the decade before him.
To avoid a runoff, Correa needed a simple majority or 40% of the vote plus a 10-point margin over the runnerup.
Correa has endeared himself to the poor and lower middle class by making education and health care more accessible, building or improving roads and creating 95,400 jobs in the past four years, according to government figures.
But Correa's critics say his "citizens' revolution" has been accompanied by his arbitrary wielding of a near-monopoly on state power against anyone who threatens it.
Correa has eroded the influence of opposition parties, the Roman Catholic church and the news media and used criminal libel law to try to silence opposition journalists.
The US-educated Correa gained an early reputation as a maverick, defying international financiers by defaulting on $3.9bn in foreign debt obligations and rewriting contracts with oil multinationals to secure a higher share of oil revenues for Ecuador.
He has also kept the United States at arm's length while upsetting Britain and Sweden in August by granting asylum at the Ecuadorean embassy in London to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, the online spiller of leaked US government secrets who is wanted for questioning in Sweden for alleged sexual assault.
It's official: Panera Bread Company , the fast-casual soup-and-sandwich chain that has become one of the darlings of the publicly traded restaurant sector, confirmed Wednesday that it is being bought by JAB Holding Co., a Luxembourg-based private equity shop that is 95% owned by the German billionaire Reimann family, in a deal worth close to $7.5 billion.
Sale speculation first broke on Monday; JAB was identified as the likeliest buyer early on, though rumors also suggested that Panera could find itself acquired by one of its peers in the restaurant space, with Yum! Brands, Restaurant Brands International , Starbucks and even Domino's all getting their names floated as potential suitors.
Ultimately, Panera finds itself in the hands of a consumer-focused private equity firm that already boasts a bevy of breakfast brands as part of its holdings: JAB Holding and the JAB Consumer Fund have controlling stakes in Keurig Green Mountain (the single-serve coffee company), Peet's Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee , Einstein Noah Restaurant Group (consumers know it as Einstein Bagels), and of course, Krispy Kreme, which it acquired for $1.35 billion in 2016. As far as strategic fits go, Panera could do worse.
The deal price, too, is an attractive one: JAB is shelling out $315 per share in cash to acquire Panera -- a 30% premium to Panera's volume-weighted share price as of March 31, the last trading day before deal speculation broke -- and it is also acquiring $340 million of net debt. All told, the transaction is valued at close to $7.5 billion.
"By any measure, Panera has been one of the most successful restaurant companies in history. What started as one 400-square-foot cookie store in Boston has grown to a system with over 2,000 units, approximately $5 billion in sales, and over 100,000 associates," Panera founder and CEO Ron Shaich said in a statement Wednesday morning. "In more than 25 years as a publicly traded company, Panera has created significant shareholder value. Indeed, Panera has been the best-performing restaurant stock of the past 20 years – up over 8,000%. Today's transaction is a direct reflection of those efforts, and delivers substantial additional value for our shareholders."
Of Panera's new owners, Shaich said: "We believe this transaction with JAB offers the best way to continue to operate with this approach. We are pleased to join with JAB, a private investor with an equally long-term perspective, as well as a deep commitment to our strategic plan."
The acquirers are, naturally, just as pleased with their new portfolio gem. Olivier Goudet, JAB's CEO, said in a statement Wednesday, "We have long admired Ron and the incredible success story he has created at Panera. I have great respect for the strong business that he, together with his management team, its franchisees and its associates, has built." Goudet also said that he and his team support Panera's plans and strategic initiatives for future growth, implying that the modernized "Panera 2.0" won't immediately need to become "Panera 3.0."
Shares of Panera spiked 13.5% in Wednesday's premarket trading session, indicating that Wall Street is also cheering the deal. In commentary released earlier in the week, when the possibility of a deal was still just a possibility, analysts said that the timing of a sale would make sense for Panera.
"The rationale for a sale at this time is understandable. Operational and financial metrics have trended up, with several quarters of improved operating momentum and a valuation which was even before [Monday's] news approaching all- time highs," UBS analyst Dennis Geiger wrote in a note on Tuesday. "Strategically, category and brand positioning are both attractive given an on-trend menu, focus on quality and Panera's leadership position."
Panera and JAB's announcement Wednesday marks the third big restaurant M&A deal of 2017: In February, Burger King owner Restaurant Brands International agreed to take Popeyes private for $1.8 billion, and in March, Darden Restaurants agreed to buy Cheddar Scratch Kitchen for $780 million.
For prior Forbes coverage of Panera, see:
Panera Spikes 10% On Rumors That It's Exploring A Sale
Panera Bread's Takeover Alternative Is To Become The Next Dunkin' Brands
What To Expect From Starbucks, Panera And The Restaurant Space In 2017
Panera Beats Earnings Expectations As Investment In 'Panera 2.0' Begins To Pay Off
Restaurant Recession? Maybe Not If You're Panera, Sonic Or Starbucks
“Gimme Shelter?” Gimme a break. A patently ridiculous “news” story claiming the Rolling Stones are to play two concerts in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv to mark Israel's 65th Independence Day in mid-April is gradually spreading across the Internet as fact.
It is featuring in numerous blogs, sparking debates between pro- and anti-Israel advocates, and even graduating to certain mainstream sites that ought to know better, and that will probably rush to take down their embarrassing, copy-cat articles when they read this.
The story was penned by Yori Yanover for the Jewish Press on Sunday, February 24, which should have been enough for most readers to realize that it was a hoax: Sunday was Purim, the festival marked, among other celebratory aspects, as a kind of kosher April 1, when Jewish publications traditionally carry fabricated items, easily recognized, in the irreverent spirit of the day.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Even for the not-Jewishly aware, however, the fact that the article was illustrated with a blatantly photo-shopped image, “showing” the Stones “holding” a large plaque bearing Israel's state symbol, ought to have given the game away.
That, plus the most cursory read of the article, with its cheerfully silly content — such as the assertion that the band will meet President Shimon Peres “who says he's been a stoner for ages,” and that “David Ben-Gurion's wife, Paula, was a Kinks fan.” It quotes Peres saying that when the Stones hit “Get Off of My Cloud” came out, “[Moshe] Dayan brought me the single from London… We played it for hours in the office until Paula Ben-Gurion threatened to throw us out.”
Oh, and the writer added one more minor clue. The piece concluded with the following caution: “This has been a Purim prank…”
Nonetheless, the piece has been rewritten, quoted, and reposted on innumerable blogs and websites. On freerepublic.com, it has sparked a bitter debate between talkbackers about the Stones' liberal credentials that somehow descended, via arguments about Judaism and Zionism, to discussion of the devil tempting Jesus.
On Friday, the wonderful “news” turned up on Algemeiner.com from the “jns.org news service,” which had the decency to attribute the story to the Jewish Press even though the writer obviously hadn't read it terribly carefully. (Don't be surprised if these links don't work for too long.)
Excitedly headlined “Rolling Stones tell Jew-haters to kiss their……. adds another date to Israel tour on Israel Independence Day,” the item also appeared on the highly appropriately titled blog, “Before it's news.”
Better yet, it turned up on “Impeach Obama Today,” a blog that sneers in its title, “If newspapers and other media were doing their job, this blog would not exist.”
In 1935, a 19-year-old Orson Welles—just becoming well-known as a radio actor—found himself part of the Federal Theatre Project, a New Deal program started to help to struggle writers, actors, directors, and theater workers. Hired by John Houseman, then director of New York's Negro Theatre Unit, Welles threw himself into the project, even investing his own earnings from his radio work to speed productions along and make them more professional. He would later tell Peter Bogdanovich, "Roosevelt once said that I was the only operator in history who ever illegally siphoned money into a Washington project."
For his first play, Welles adapted Shakespeare's Macbeth, setting it on the island of Haiti under post-revolutionary ruler King Henri Christophe. Instead of the Scottish witchcraft of the original, Welles' production featured Haitian vodou rituals, and it thus acquired the name "Voodoo Macbeth."
You can see four minutes of the production in the film above. Despite the change of setting, a voiceover announcer tells us, "the spirit of Macbeth and every line of the play has remained intact."
The play debuted in 1936 at Harlem's Lafayette Theater and was performed for segregated audiences. It was so popular that it exceeded its initial run, then toured the country, spending two weeks in Dallas at the Texas Centennial Exposition (see a playbill above). Welles, at 20 years of age, was hailed as a prodigy. The adaptation, writes the Digital Public Library of America, "brought magical realism and aspects of Haitian culture to the production."
The play included drummers who played and sang chants from voodoo ceremonies. Welles reimagined the witches from the original Macbeth as voodoo priestesses. Costumes reflected fashion from Haiti's nineteenth-century colonial period.
As with so many of Welles' theater experiments, critical opinion divided sharply. Some, including the Harlem Communists, saw the play as racist comedy. Many others "felt that Welles' casting of an entire company of African-American actors allowed these actors to show their talent and tenacity during performances in front of segregated audiences."
The play employed 150 actors, including boxer and successful film actor Canada Lee as Banquo (above), and "raised contemporary social issues that for some drew uncomfortable attention to national problems." (Wikipedia has a full cast list and several production stills.)
All footage of the production was thought lost for several years, until the four minutes at the top were discovered in the short film above, "We Work Again." Produced by Alfred Edgar Smith---a civil rights activist and onetime member of F.D.R.'s so-called "Black Cabinet"---this film details in optimistic tones the WPA's success in creating jobs for unemployed African-Americans. Smith worked, writes The New York Times, "to ban differential pay rates and to hire black caseworkers in the South," and he made "We Work Again" as one of many "studies on how blacks fared under relief programs." His efforts, of course, have their own historical significance, but we can also thank Smith for preserving the only surviving sound and moving image of Welles' first major theatrical production. "The 'Voodoo' Macbeth," writes Shakespeare scholar Susan McCloskey, is notable as "the first black professional production of Shakespeare, an important critical and commercial success for the Federal Theatre, and an appropriately dazzling debut for its twenty-year-old director."
Related Content:
Orson Welles' Radio Performances of 10 Shakespeare Plays
Orson Welles Turns Heart of Darkness Into a Radio Drama, and Almost His First Great Film
The Hearts of Age: Orson Welles' Surrealist First Film (1934)
Josh Jones is a writer and musician based in Durham, NC. Follow him at @jdmagness
The process of making oneself presentable in the 19th century wasn't always pretty. Here are some of the more questionable ingredients people turned to in an effort to look (and smell) better.
1. URINE (FOR DENTAL HEALTH, LAUNDRY)
It wasn't until 1780 that a man named William Addis invented the first mass-produced toothbrush, and it took a century before the tool really caught on in the United States. Before then, toothbrushing practices varied alarmingly: Pierre Fauchaud, known as the father of modern dentistry, was a proponent of the theory that rising with one's own urine can cure a toothache. (His theories would strongly influence dentistry for the next hundred years.) He wasn't completely nuts—pee is rich in ammonia, which is a base, and can thus neutralize the acid that tooth-decaying bacteria produce. (In the 19th century, some working class families unable to afford soap used it to clean dirty clothes.) The urine-drinkers were a minority, though. Many 19th century Americans got rid of their morning breath by using twigs and table salt.
2. BURNED BREAD (FOR DENTAL HEALTH)
If you can't afford fancy tooth powder ingredients such as borax and charcoal, there's always leftover carbs. Writing in the 1860's The Ladies' Book of Etiquette, and Manual of Politeness, Florence Hartley recommends whipping up "A Cheap But Good Tooth-Powder." To make your own, "Cut a slice of bread as thick as may be, into squares, and burn in the fire until it becomes charcoal, after which pound in a mortar, and sift through a fine muslin; it is then ready for use."
3. MUSTACHE 'RETAINERS' (FOR FACIAL HAIR MAINTENANCE)
Clean teeth might not have been a priority 150 years ago, but maintaining a fancy mustache was of the utmost importance. No one slid in a retainer before going to bed, but countless Victorian men strapped wood frames to their faces at night in order to keep their mustaches in shape. (For military men, 'staches weren't just a passing fad: From 1860 to 1916, the British Army actually required its soldiers to sport upper lip fuzz.)
4. ARSENIC (FOR ACNE)
Today, we generally accept that beauty involves at least a little bit of pain. But back in the 1800s, it involved poison, too. Arsenic tablets were commonly used to treat acne in the 1890s America. Fortunately, the recommended dosage wasn't generally potent enough to do actual harm; one 1901 tome suggests ingesting a pill of one hundredth of a grain of arsenic sulfide—which on its own is less toxic than other forms of arsenic—every two hours. (That only amounts to approximately .004 grams of arsenic sulfide per day. No big deal, right?)
5. ARSENIC AND ANT EGGS (FOR HAIR REMOVAL)
The Toilette of Health, Beauty, and Fashion, published in 1834, features a section on homemade depilatories with recipes listed in order of their potency. For those who hadn't had luck with some light acid on a hair pencil, the manual offers up this option:
"Take Gum of ivy, one ounce,
Ants' eggs
Gum arabic
Orpiment (of each one drachm) Reduce these into a fine powder, and make it up into a liniment, with a sufficient quantity of vinegar. In pounding the materials, great precaution must be taken that the dust of the orpiment, which is a preparation of arsenic, be not inhaled."
Still seeing fuzz? The author has you covered with even stronger recipes involving orpiment and quicklime. Yikes.
6. BEAR GREASE (FOR "HAIR HEALTH")
The Toilette also offers up plenty of suggestions for eliminating the dreaded scalp "scurf," and for promoting overall hair health.
"The substances in most general use at the present day, and whose virtues are most highly extolled for the restoration and improvement of the hair, are, bear's grease, beef marrow, olive oil, oil of almonds both sweet and bitter: oil of nuts, of camomile, and of laurel; goose grease, fox grease, fresh butter, and burnt butter, bees burnt, and pounded in oil of roses; with various other pomades and high-sounding preparations."
Readers were cautioned against one dangerous, newfangled trend in the care and maintenance of hair:
"The practice, which of late years appears to have gained ground, of washing the head with water, either warm or cold, requires considerable judgment, as from it not unfrequently [sic] result head-ache, ear-ache, tooth-ache, and complaints of the eyes."
7. HORSERADISH AND HYDROCHLORIC ACID (FOR FRECKLES)
The widespread desire among Victorian women for almost translucent skin led to the development of a product for which there is no modern equivalent: The freckle remover. Homemade freckle-remover recipes were common in 19th-century beauty books; one treatment, from 1891, suggested that the freckle-afflicted "scrape horseradish into a cup of cold sour milk; let it stand twelve hours; strain, and apply two or three times a day." For those truly desperate to rid themselves of freckles, some experts suggested hydrochloric acid and (on rare occasions) mercury compounds.
8. BELLADONNA (FOR BRIGHTER EYES)
To make their eyes appear bigger and brighter, some Victorian women dilated their pupils by applying drops of belladonna—better known as deadly nightshade. Not surprisingly, there were some downsides to the regimen. Namely, blindness.
9. SPERMACETI (FOR SOFT SKIN)
Spermaceti, a waxy substance found in the cranial cavity of the sperm whale, was a 19th century beauty industry mainstay. The Ladies' Book of Etiquette, and Manual of Politeness devotes a chapter to "receipts" for hair- and skincare products with several recipes involving this substance. Spermaceti is an essential ingredient in Hartley's homemade cold creams and lip salves, in particular. For her "Superior Lip-Salve," Hartley suggests mixing "White wax, two and a half ounces; spermaceti, three quarters of an ounce; oil of almonds, four ounces. Mix well together, and apply a little to the lips at night."
10. LEAD (FOR WASHING YOUR FACE)
The cosmetics of the day contained a number of ingredients that were just plain terrible for you (see: arsenic, belladonna). Lead was one of them. One of Hartley's variations on her "Milk of Roses" wash called for "half an ounce of sugar of lead." But, cautions Hartley, "This is a dangerous form to leave about where there are children, and should never be applied where there are any abrasions, or chaps on the surface." Duly noted.
Mass murder is alive and well in China. That's the conclusion of a groundbreaking book on the practice of illegal organ harvesting in China.
Ethan Gutmann's new book, The Slaughter, has first-person accounts on the forced organ harvesting in China.
The Slaughter: Mass Killings, Organ Harvesting and China's Secret Solution to Its Dissident Problem, is the latest from Ethan Gutmann, a veteran China analyst based in London, England. The book investigates China's secret program to eliminate dissidents — Falun Gong, Tibetans and Uyghurs — while profiting from the sale of their organs. The purchasers are often from Western countries. The Slaughter provides personal accounts from top-ranking police officials, nurses, doctors who have killed prisoners on the operating table and refugees who came close to being killed.
Article Continued Below
Gutmann's writing on China has been widely published. He's testified before the U.S. Congress, the European Parliament and the United Nations. He's speaking on panels across Canada on a tour that brings him to Toronto on Thursday. You were skeptical about the practice when you began researching. What was your turning point? One was a phone call, which basically established that organs were for sale. (Another was) a refugee in Toronto describing being tortured, and her spiritual struggle. She mentioned that she had been given a physical exam — nothing about the physical made sense. It wasn't to establish her health, it was only to establish the health of her corneas, her vital organs and lots of blood samples, which sounded a lot like tissue matching. What made it so persuasive is that she had no awareness that she had been under this kind of danger. I started running into this kind of example with many refugees, the same description of the same kind of exam again and again. Tell us about the surgeons and executed political prisoners. A leading surgeon was taken to an execution grounds and told to remove the kidneys and the liver of a man who he had just seen shot and was still alive. That was in 1995. Ten years later Dr. Wen-Je Ko from Taiwan was looking for a good price on organs for an elderly patient. He went to China and negotiated a lower price. But they also said “We know that you're concerned about these organs coming from prisoners and you're worried about hepatitis, drug addiction. We want to assure you that all of the organs will come from Falun Gong. These people don't drink, they don't smoke. We appreciate your discretion.” These doctors represent that breakdown of medical ethics that is occurring over the last 20 years.
Was it difficult to get witnesses to speak? People had gone through very traumatic experiences, so often I had to interview them for a few days. By the second day they had sort of calmed down and could give me their story. Some of the witnesses defected from the police force in China or were from a medical background in China who had seen things. These people also needed some time to calm down and you had to gain trust. In some cases they had to be anonymous.
Article Continued Below
How do you confirm these first-person accounts? You can't always confirm these things perfectly. That's why I spend so much time talking to people and getting to know them. It becomes much easier to assess their credibility. People who've gone through terrible trauma often have distortions in what happened. We do what we can to establish credibility. In many cases I threw perfectly good interviews out because I felt that the person was too interested in giving me the story they thought I wanted to hear rather than what had happened. Why are such atrocities taking place in China, when the country is increasingly trying to link with the West? I spent six out of 10 chapters on that question. One has to say that Falun Gong, Uyghurs and Tibetans have maintained a very stubborn and relentless challenge to this new China. A united China can dominate the world in many ways. The Falun Gong values, for example, are in many ways out of a traditional China — compassion, truthfulness. These are seen as weak values by the Chinese leadership. They do not want a kinder, gentler China. They want something quite different. That is part of the answer. Will economic interests always trump ethics for countries where citizens purchase organs? The need of living would trump a lot of other interests. People get very afraid for a loved one. I don't know what I would do if my son needed medical help like this. Would you purchase an organ in China? No, but it would cross my mind. This is not an easy answer. I don't blame people so much for going to China. This is a dilemma we can't bypass. One of the things I want to do here is make people grapple with the issue. What would you choose to do is ultimately the decision your society needs to make. Do you have any hope of this practice lessening or disappearing? I am always hopeful that people will grapple with the truth, but it is also true that we are very late in the day. The number of casualties is close to 100,000. This is an ongoing crime against humanity. Canada has been one of the few countries willing to talk directly about Falun Gong with their Chinese counterpart. Israel made the decision to ban organ tourism to China. There's no reason Canada can't make that same decision. I think if it did, the rest of the world would follow in short order. A panel with Gutmann on forced organ harvesting in China will take place at 3 p.m. on Oct. 23 at Toronto General Hospital. Register for the free event online.
Read more about:
CAMDEN, N.J. (CBS) — Authorities are offering a $5,000 reward after a shooting in Camden left a little girl in critical condition.
Authorities say she was shot in the head as several armed suspects fired shots in the area.
The shooting took place around 8:30 p.m. on Wednesday at 8th and Spruce Streets in Camden.
Police say the victim was an 8-year-old playing outside on the sidewalk.
They add that she was taken to Cooper Hospital in critical condition after being caught in the crossfire.
No suspect was taken into custody and police say the targets of the shooting were near the little girl.
The reward is for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the individual responsible for the shooting.
Police are reviewing footage to gather more information.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — The tea party's tactics of shutting down the government and threatening a default may seem irrational to some people, but their threats have been so successful at forcing Democrats to cave on government spending that the tea party would have to be crazy to stop now.
If the Democrats always blink first, why not try it again and again?
The only problem with that strategy is that the tea party appears confused about what it wants out of this confrontation. It certainly doesn't seem to have anything to do with the deficit or with the level of government spending.
Most Republicans probably don't realize the extent to which they've already won on the deficit. In fact, government discretionary spending levels have been reduced so much that Republicans in the House now think they're too low.
House Republicans haven't passed some of the appropriations bills this year because they couldn't agree on the specific cuts to specific programs that would be required to squeeze the appropriations under the spending caps. They all love cuts in the abstract, but get cold feet when it actually comes to specifics, says Harry Stein of the left-leaning think tank Center for American Progress.
By using drastic tactics of threatening shutdowns and defaults, the tea party has shifted the terms of the debate on spending so much that the budget approved this year by the Senate Democrats (with no Republican support) actually calls for lower spending in 2014 than the “draconian” Republican budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan just two years ago.
Ryan's 2012 budget plan called for discretionary spending of about $1.062 trillion (inflation-adjusted dollars) for fiscal 2014, while the Senate Democrats' budget resolution calls for spending of $1.058 trillion.
And the continuing resolution approved last week by the Senate Democrats (with no Republican support) calls for spending of $986 billion, 18% lower than the funding level assumed in Obama's 2010 budget submission.
Center for American Progress/Office of Management and Budget As a share of GDP, discretionary spending has fallen below pre-crisis levels.
Not so coincidentally, the House continuing resolution also calls for discretionary spending of $986 billion. In other words, the Democrats have fully agreed to the Republicans' demands on government spending, even though the resulting fiscal drag has hobbled the recovery, costing millions of jobs.
But rather than declare victory, the tea party keeps moving the goal posts.
The tea party had a lot of leverage when it was demanding budget cuts. The deficits were huge, and even President Barack Obama agreed that the government needed to tighten its belt. When the disagreement is over budgets, compromise is possible. When it comes to numbers, you can often split the difference. But now the tea party has moved on to new battles. In the current shutdown, the point of contention isn't the budget at all.
Instead, the fight is now over principles, not numbers. In this case, the principle is whether the government should help provide affordable health insurance to all. Compromise over principles is difficult: You're for or you're against.
By rejecting the Republicans' demand that Obamacare be destroyed or curtailed, Obama and the Senate Democrats revealed that they place a higher value on the ransom (Obamacare) than on the hostage (keeping the government open).
And Obama and the Democrats seem to have learned the lesson that many blackmail victims eventually learn: If you pay once, you'll probably have to keep paying forever. Negotiating only encourages them.
That's why the Democrats won't give up Obamacare even if the Republicans threaten to default on the nation's debt by refusing to raise the debt ceiling. If Democrats negotiated now, the Republicans could create a new debt-ceiling crisis once a year, twice a year, or even once a week if they wanted. It would permanently hand over control of the government to a minority.
It may be dawning on the tea party that it won't get anything out of this showdown. Obama won't give up Obamacare, nor will he agree to any other concession to settle the impasse over the debt ceiling. If the government defaulted, the economy could fall into a recession much worse than the one we just crawled out of, but that would be preferable to allowing a small minority dictate to the majority.
(Anyway, we strongly suspect that Obama won't let the government default — that he'd pay the bills and the bonds as they come due by declaring that the debt-ceiling law violates other statutes requiring the president to spend the money appropriated by Congress, or that the debt ceiling even violates the Constitution. If the House disagrees, it could impeach Obama, but the Senate would never convict.)
As the shutdown drags on, the tea partiers have essentially dropped their demand to destroy Obamacare. They know they won't get that. But what do they want? One Republican, Rep. Marlin Stutzman of Indiana, said that Republicans “have to get something out of this, and I don't know what that even is.”
The tea party has achieved more than anyone could have expected, given its small numbers in Congress and its fringe standing among voters. It's had its way on discretionary spending, but it won't be able to force the president or the Senate to dismantle the great entitlements: Social Security, Medicare and Obamacare.
“We're not going to be disrespected,” Rep. Stutzman said.
So that's what this standoff has come down to. The tea party demands respect. It just wants a hug.
The moms are taking the gun control fight to Kroger's backyard.
On Thursday, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, a gun control group backed by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's considerable financial resources, will blanket half a dozen newspapers with ads meant to pressure the grocery giant to stop allowing customers to openly carry firearms in its stores. The ads will be displayed on the newspapers' websites as well as on a billboard in Cincinnati, where Kroger's corporate headquarters is based, according to the group.
The ads will contrast images of shoppers doing things that are currently prohibited in Kroger's stores -- such as eating ice cream and shopping while shirtless -- with images of people carrying rifles. "Guess which one" isn't allowed at Kroger, the tag line says. (Scroll down for full images of the group's ads.)
This is the first time Moms Demand Action has bought ads as part of one of its campaigns to convince a company to enact a no-open-carry policy. Erika Soto Lamb, a spokeswoman for Everytown for Gun Safety, the umbrella group that includes Moms Demand Action, declined to say how much the ads cost, saying only that the amount was in the "six figures."
Moms Demand Action first announced its intention to focus on Kroger two weeks ago, citing several shootings that had happened in or near Kroger stores as the impetus. Kroger has about 2,500 locations in the U.S., and is the nation's largest grocery chain. In response to the announcement, Kroger initially said that it would continue to follow local gun laws, and argued that asking its employees to enforce a no-gun policy would be impractical and dangerous.
Other companies previously targeted by Moms Demand Action initially made similar statements, before reversing course and requesting that gun owners not bring weapons inside their stores or restaurants. Chipotle, Sonic, Target and Starbucks have all changed their policies in response to the group's demands.
While falling short of outright bans -- which business owners generally say would be impossible to enforce -- these new policies suggest that corporate America may fear the economic might of gun control activists more than supporters of permissive open carry laws. (This calculus, so far, does not apply to Congress, where the National Rifle Association and its lobbyists largely hold sway.)
Moms Demand Action's most effective technique has been to circulate photos taken by people who support the right to openly carry weapons in public. Some of the photos depict people holding large rifles as they wait in line to buy a burrito or order a hamburger. Tensions over this practice have flared up in several states, especially Texas, where openly carrying a handgun in public is banned, but carrying long rifles is not.
The earlier campaigns by Moms Demand Action have largely been waged on Twitter and Facebook, though the group has also staged protests at several stores. The Kroger ad buy represents a significant escalation in terms of both financial commitment and visibility. The ads will run as "homepage takeovers" in the online editions of USA Today, The Cincinnati Enquirer, The Columbus Dispatch, the Houston Chronicle, The Detroit News and the Detroit Free Press, according to the group. The ads will also appear in the print editions of several of these papers, as well as The Tennessean.
"These images bring into stark contrast Kroger policies that prohibit skateboards, food and a lack of appropriate attire in stores, but allow the open carry of loaded guns," said Shannon Watts, the founder of Moms Demands Action, in a statement. "Businesses have an obligation to protect their employees and patrons."
Kroger, so far, has rebuffed the group's calls to take its side in the national gun debate.
A Texas prosecutor who was accused of using the word "Canadian" as a racial slur in an e-mail could be part of the focus of an ongoing probe into the actions of another district attorney.
The e-mail, sent out in 2003 by Harris County assistant district attorney Mike Trent, has recently come to light as part of an investigation of Harris County Texas District Attorney Chuck Rosenthal, who is accused of sending racist and sexist e-mails.
In 2003, Trent sent a staff-wide e-mail congratulating his colleague Robert Freyer for winning a conviction.
In the e-mail, Trent wrote: "He overcame a subversively good defense by Matt Hennessey that had some Canadians on the jury feeling sorry for the defendant and forced them to do the right thing."
In fact, there were no Canadians on the jury, but there were some African-Americans.
The e-mail drew criticism from some who said the word "Canadian" is a racial slur against African-Americans, and questioned Trent whether he was using it in that context.
Trent denied the charge, saying he had been speaking with Freyer earlier and that Freyer had used the word Canadian in a conversation about the case.
'Do you guys think I'm crazy?'
From that conversation, Trent said he believed there were actual Canadians who had sat on the jury. When Trent asked Freyer what he meant by Canadians, Trent said Freyer told him he had used "Canadians" to describe "liberals" on the jury, the Texas Lawyer reported.
"Do you guys think I'm crazy?" Trent wrote recently in a blog post. "Am I insanely stupid enough to send a racial slur to 250 lawyers? Litigious, complaint-ready lawyers, some of whom are African-American? That is just absurd."
Trent has suggested it was reasonable to believe Canadians may have been on the jury because all that is needed to be a juror is to have a valid U.S. driver's licence.
But the Harris County District Clerk's Office told the Texas Lawyer that Canadians could only sit on a jury if they also have U.S. citizenship or they slipped through the system designed to eliminate non-U.S. citizens as prospective jurors.
"In retrospect, I realize I should have questioned this more," Trent wrote.
Trent has apologized to those who were offended by what he wrote. He has also noted that in 2006 he received an award from the Anti-Defamation League for prosecuting a hate crime.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's (DRC) information minister says hundreds of rebels from the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda (FDLR) from South and North Kivu provinces have been disarming as part of the government's program to improve security and stabilize the country.Lambert Mende says the government in Kinshasa is working with its partners, including the administration in Rwanda, the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the U.N. peacekeeping mission (MONUSCO) and humanitarian groups to help the disarmed rebels to be repatriated to Rwanda.He says the disarmament program is aimed at protecting unarmed civilians from rebel attacks and improving the country's overall security outlook.Mende says about 15 percent of the FDLR rebels are in government camps after they voluntarily disarmed.“This followed very intense military pressure our army made of them and a call from President Joseph Kabila who offered them to disarm voluntarily so that they can avoid this military pressure,” said Mende. “We discussed with our partners … [To] help us to receive them, accommodate them, transport them and organize meetings with Rwanda and United Nations High Commission for Refugees to have them back home.”The government's disarmament program is expected to last between the next two to three weeks, according to Mende. He says the administration in Kinshasa expects other armed groups to also disarm.Neighboring Rwanda has accused the FDLR of participating in the country's 1994 genocide. Mende says some of the disarmed rebels participated in the genocide, while others are too young to have been involved.“Some of them are genociders really, but others are not because I visited the camp the MONUSCO set up in Kanyabayonga, 200 kilometers from Goma, and I witnessed that a majority of them are less than 20 years. These young men of 15 years, 16, 17 you can't call them genociders ... there are a lot of Congolese women who are linked with them, fiancé or wives and we have to take care of these compatriots.”Eyewitnesses in the North Kivu provinces expressed surprise at the sight of the FDLR rebels' disarmament, especially since the insurgent group has often attacked unarmed civilians in the area.Mende says the administration in Kinshasa expects many more rebels from the FDLR to surrender and hand in their weapons. More than 200 of the rebels have handed their weapons to representatives of the government, according Mende.“Those in North Kivu and South Kivu, they respond to one command. That is why we have a group already in North Kivu who gave back their guns and another group in South Kivu and we are following a time table, and we have discussed with them,” said Mende. “We are waiting for about 1,300 to 1,500,” he says, “this is the number for the FDLR remaining in our country.”
Trump Rally Attendees Beaten, Spit on, Egged, and attacked on Streets By Rioting Leftists / Democrats.
BREAKING: The police in San Jose have appeared to lost control. Trump supporters being terrorized and beaten up by mobs of protestors. — Tom Llamas (@TomLlamasABC) June 3, 2016
In this first video a Trump supporter was exiting the rally when he was attacked from behind by violent leftist protestors:
Second video is same incident, different angle:
Police allowing Trump supporters to be attacked by raging mob .
Woman cornered and attacked by the mob:
San Jose police not trying to protect anyone. Standing by and watching people beaten and dragged through the streets. Calls to 911 go unanswered.
More police standing by as a trump supporter is chased pic.twitter.com/d7nQca1kWH — john r stanton (@dcbigjohn) June 3, 2016
BREAKING: The police in San Jose have appeared to lost control. Trump supporters being terrorized and beaten up by mobs of protestors. — Tom Llamas (@TomLlamasABC) June 3, 2016
Cops standing by as a trump supporter is chased by protesters pic.twitter.com/dAcImJBwok — john r stanton (@dcbigjohn) June 3, 2016
CNN Reporter Sara Murray blames a female Trump supporter for not accepting her beating politely.
Protesters cornering Trump supporters as they leave. This woman taunted them. They cornered her & threw eggs at her pic.twitter.com/MiDGDBkKIo — Sara Murray (@SaraMurray) June 3, 2016
Woman who supports Trump surrounded by protesters, who taunt her, then throw eggs and bottles at her. pic.twitter.com/nHJ3cgYOfR — Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016
These protesters are wild tonight, surrounded a car and shook it, breaking its tail-lights, a Trump supporter got egged, others punched. — Candace Smith (@CandaceSmith_) June 3, 2016
American Flag being burned and Trump rally signs being torched destroyed.
Protesters outside Trump's San Jose rally yell at supporters walking by, rip apart signs and chant "f**k Trump!" pic.twitter.com/mfwv5W6FsW — Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016
JUST IN: Trump supporters being attacked, assaulted by protestors outside Trump rally in San Jose – @Jacobnbc https://t.co/l7Lrhd7b9a — NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) June 3, 2016
Protesters are spilling into the street and blocking traffic. One is burning an American flag. Others chanting "whose streets?!" — Sara Murray (@SaraMurray) June 3, 2016
This man is beaten, knocked to the ground and kicked by the mob. As he flees the scene the mob chant Bernie, Bernie, Bernie (note, again police do nothing) :
Protesters outside San Jose rally chant "Bernie, Bernie Bernie!" after attacking a Trump supporter. pic.twitter.com/bnqww3aHAn — capitalism is sexy! (@DefendWallSt) June 3, 2016
Protesters also cornered a couple who were NOT antagonizing them. They closed in on the couple, threw water at them and spit in their faces. — Sara Murray (@SaraMurray) June 3, 2016
Another Rally attendee attacked by the mob:
Big fight breaks out pic.twitter.com/Ld8via9LTF — Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) June 3, 2016
There's a particular irony in this earlier tweet from the San Jose Police Chief: Eddie Garcia:
Rally preparation. Tomorrow, we WILL protect the 1st Ammendment, our Community, and our Officers. #SJPDPRIDE pic.twitter.com/lLfi995rXc — Eddie Garcia (@sjpdchief) June 1, 2016
Who exactly was he prepared to protect?
.
.
.
Advertisements
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim VR is the role-playing game (RPG) experience that many have been craving for in virtual reality (VR). The videogame has been designed specifically for the purpose of immersing you in a world of high fantasy; allowing you to create a character and then play out his or her story however you see fit. ‘But we've done it all before!' I hear you say. Not like this, you haven't. Not in VR.
It's true that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has seen many re-releases across multiple formats in the six years since its debut. In fact, if you follow the PlayStation console bloodline alone, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim VR would be your fourth opportunity to purchase the videogame at retail. The most recent of these, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim – Special Edition, brought the videogame to PlayStation 4 for the first time, but even if you chose to purchase this package late last year you still haven't truly experienced The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim at its fullest immersive quality.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is played in first-person by default to give the player the feeling that they are the character within the world, opposed to entering the ill-fitting shoes of a prefabricated avatar. Aside from the opening moments of the videogame you are free to choose your own backstory, your own allegiances and even your own moral code. The world has rules, of course, and breaking them can be met with severe penalties, but that in itself is part of the wholly engrossing design of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
In VR, it's no longer a case of looking through your characters eyes via a window. You're not removed from this unique personality you have created by way of a glass screen and living room table. Instead, you are standing in his or her shoes. You are making the decisions not for the character's betterment, but for your own. VR can put you into a world unlike any other medium, and in the case of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim VR, it's a gorgeous high fantasy world brimming with opportunity to explore, assist, or cause havoc.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim VR is more than just another in a long line of re-releases. This is taking the franchise into a brand-new medium for the first time; more comparable to a film adaptation of a book than a simple new port of a console videogame. The fact that Bethesda Softworks is delivering the newest edition of a well worn videogame at full price can be taken two ways: that it's a publisher trying hard to milk their franchise, or that it's recouping investment in a nascent but exciting new medium.
For owners of the PlayStation VR that have truly experienced what the medium can offer, the second point of view is likely to define their holiday season.
The Vikings recently informed Adrian Peterson that he will not be released this offseason, leaving a trade as the star running back's lone avenue out of Minnesota.
Reports persist that Peterson remains unhappy with the organization even after meeting with the Vikings brass at his home earlier this month.
Appearing on NFL Total Access on Thursday, NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport cautioned that we are "only at the beginning of the Adrian Peterson saga" that will play out this offseason.
Rapoport identified the Cardinals and Jaguars as potential landing spots should the Vikings entertain the idea of a trade.
Although Arizona has reportedly balked at Peterson's contract as presently structured, Yahoo's Charles Robinson reported last week that the Cardinals will offer a high draft pick if Peterson hits the trading block.
The team isn't exactly downplaying its interest, running an article on its official website Wednesday wherein Larry Fitzgerald touts Peterson as a potential "game-changer" for the Cardinals.
"Obviously, he's an MVP-caliber player," Fitzgerald said. "Everybody knows that. Any team he ends up with -- or if he stays with the Vikings -- is going to have a great back. If he was to come play here, it would obviously mean a tremendous amount for our ballclub."
Any team interested in acquiring him will have to meet not only the Vikings' demands for draft-pick compensation but also Peterson's contract expectations speculated to be roughly $25 million over the next three years.
If those two roadblocks sound familiar it's because they were also held up as the reason Sam Bradford was unlikely to be traded. All it takes is one team that places a sky-high value on a generational talent with the potential to bolster his teammates and galvanize a fan base.
Sporting a massive chip on his shoulder after missing the majority of last season, Peterson must look like a godsend to a Cardinals organization prying open a Super Bowl window for the last few years of Carson Palmer's career.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast makes some bold free agency predictions and discusses Adrian Peterson's future. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
“That's a downy. No wait, it's a hairy – definitely a hairy. Well, hang on...maybe it is a downy.” I admit it: I've had this happen to me more than once.
With the onset of winter, downy and hairy woodpeckers become more apparent– knocking away in our woods and stopping by our birdfeeders. With strikingly similar feather patterns, the two can be hard to distinguish if one only catches a glimpse. Both have black wings with white markings; white bellies, sides, and backs; and distinctively white- and black-striped heads. Males of both species have red patches on the backs of their heads, which females lack. While seasoned birders can tell the difference between the two birds' calls and the shade of white on the tail feathers, the most reliable visual differences are that hairies are larger (by about 1.5 inches and 2 ounces) and have more solid, longer bills than downies.
Because of such striking similarities, one might assume that downies and hairies are very closely related, even that they're probably each other's closest relatives (“sister species” in evolutionary biology lingo) – just like our white tailed deer and the west's mule deer are.
Evolutionary biologists had reached exactly the same conclusion – that is until DNA sequencing allowed them to bypass comparing traits like weight, size, and color and go right to the source when determining evolutionary relationship. What the genes show is that downies and hairies aren't evolutionary sisters. The two species are related: they are both in the genus Picoides. But, the genus is separated into two branches. In one group is the downy woodpecker, with its closest relatives: the Nuttall's, the ladder-backed, and the lesser spotted woodpeckers. The other branch contains the hairy woodpecker and its closest relatives: the Arizona, white-headed, and red-cockaded woodpeckers.
But how can two species look almost identical without being immediate relatives? One theory is convergent evolution. Think of bats and birds, which both have wings, but aren't close relatives, or crocodiles and hippopotamuses, which both have eyes on the tops of their heads, but also aren't close relatives. When species evolve from different backgrounds toward a similar state, it's called convergent evolution. So, if this is the cause of the woodpecker similarity, then the ancestors of these two species looked different, but slowly evolved to look similar to each other over time.
Support for this idea comes from the observation that hairy woodpeckers living well outside the range of downies (in Central America) have begun to morph in color: they have brownish underparts, as opposed to the white found on birds in the northeast. It's almost as if they are free to change appearance when downy woodpeckers are not present, but when the two live together, they are constrained to look the same by some force of evolution.
What could that force be? Convergent evolution occurs for a variety of reasons. For instance, our harmless eastern milk snake evolved to look like the venomous northern copperhead snake. This similarity benefits milk snakes, which predators may confuse for venomous copperheads and avoid, losing out on an easy meal.
In the case of our woodpeckers, however, we have no evidence that either species is venomous.
Instead, some scientists suspect that the similarity between downies and hairies could be related to territoriality. Both woodpeckers compete for limited resources: food and trees that provide nesting cavities. Converging on a similar look may be a way for birds with brains the size of a pea, to identify competitors more easily: all they have to do is shoo away any bird that looks like them.
The territoriality hypothesis hasn't been tested yet, though, so we don't know the full story. What we do know is that even some of our most familiar birds hold riddles that we have yet to decipher.
Board of Architectural Review
Edmund's Oast Exchange is being designed by Andrew Gould of New World Byzantine.
Beer nerds, alert. This is not a drill. Charleston Beer Exchange is having a moving sale beginning Wed. Oct. 5 and that means deep discounts on the Exchange Street store's entire stock.The clearance is all part of CBX's move to NoMo. As we've reported , CBX will become Edmund's Oast Exchange and move into a 2,000 square foot, two-story space next to Edmund's Oast. There the staff will sell 1,000 different varieties of beer as well as offer a wine selection. The new retail space will be run by certified cicerone andcontributor Brandon Plyler and former Glass Onion chef and certified sommelier Sarah O'Kelley.Groundbreaking on the new site is expected soon with an opening slated for spring.Wednesday's sale begins at 4 p.m. with Westbrook Brewing Company and COAST Brewing Co. pouring samples. Once the inventory is sold out, CBX will close its doors for good.To keep up with the move, visit edmundsoastexchange.com when the website goes live in early October.
A 22-year-old man accused of assaulting a Muslim teenager after she left a mosque on Sunday morning may have been in the country illegally.
Darwin Martinez Torres, 22, appeared in court on Monday to face a murder charge after he got into a dispute with the 17-year-old Nabra Hassanen and a group of her friends in Sterling, North Virginia, the Fairfax County Police Department said.
Martinez got out of the car, assaulted the girl, and beat her with a metal baseball bat, her mother said. Police later found a body believed to be Hassanen's in a Sterling pond about 25 miles outside of Washington DC.
On Monday afternoon it was reported by NBC4: 'ICE has lodged a detainer against (Torres) meaning they believe he's here illegally.'
Darwin Martinez Torres, 22, appeared in court on Monday to face a murder charge after Nabra Hassanen was found dead in a pond. Police are not investigating her death as a hate crime
Earlier, police said there were no indications the death was the result of a hate crime.
Police said: 'This tragic case appears to be the result of a road rage incident involving the suspect, who was driving and who is now charged with murder, and a group of teenagers who was walking and riding bikes in and along a roadway.'
The statement added the: 'investigation at this point in no way indicates the victim was targeted because of her race or religion.'
Hassanen and her friends were dressed in abayas, or robe-like dresses worn by some Muslim women, when they left All Dulles Area Muslim Society for a breakfast break during an all-night prayer session on Sunday, prompting fears that the victim was targeted because of her faith.
Martinez got out of the car and assaulted the girl in a bout of road rage, according to police, who found a body in a pond in Sterling (above, general view)
Hassanen was going for breakfast before starting her fasts at sunrise during the holy month of Ramadan. She and her friends got into a dispute with a man who assaulted Hassanen, police said
Hassanen didn't usually opt for traditional Muslim clothes, but her mother Sawsan Gazzar gave her an abaya to wear on Saturday night, according to the Washington Post.
According to Gazzar, a detective said Hassanen tripped over the robe and fell just before the man struck her.
'I think it had to do with the way she was dressed and the fact that she's Muslim,' Gazzar said. 'Why would you kill a kid? What did my daughter do to deserve this?'
But Fairfax police said in a statement on Monday morning that they were not investigating the murder as a hate crime.
Fairfax County Police Spokesman Don Gotthardt told AP, detectives have so far found no indication of a link 'between the victim's faith or religious beliefs or the mosque and the crime itself.'
They later attributed Hassanen's death to a bout of road rage.
According to statements from police and the mosque, the girl and her friends were walking back to the mosque from a McDonald's between 3 and 4 a.m. Sunday when a man drove up.
They got into a dispute with a man in a car, who then stepped out and assaulted Hassanen, police said.
The 17-year-old was separated from her friends, who ran back to the mosque before realizing Hassanen had disappeared, WRC-TV reported.
During an intense search for the girl, an officer stopped a car being driven suspiciously on Sunday and the driver, later identified as Martinez Torres was taken into custody, police said.
WRC-TV reported that Martinez Torres was questioned near the scene of the attack, and led officers several miles away to a retention pond across the street from his apartment complex where a female body was found at about 3 p.m. Sunday.
Police believe the body belongs to Hassanen, but a chief medical examiner's office will confirm the identity and cause of death.
'What investigators told the father and the mother, he hit her in the head and put her in the car and he threw her in the water,' said family friend and spokesperson Abas Sherif.
The 17-year-old was separated from her friends, who ran back to the mosque (file photo above) and notified authorities at around 4am
It was not immediately clear whether Martinez had a lawyer and whether he had entered a plea to the charge of second-degree murder.
The county prosecutor's office did not immediately respond to questions.
The mosque issued a statement saying: 'We are devastated and heartbroken as our community undergoes and processes this traumatic event.
'It is a time for us to come together to pray and care for our youth.' It said the society was enlisting licensed counselors to assist anyone in need.
'I can't think of a worse instance to occur than the loss of a 17-year-old on Father's Day as the father of a 17-year-old myself,' Loudoun County Sheriff Michael L. Chapman said.
A statement by Madihha Ahussain, special counsel for anti-Muslim bigotry at Muslim Advocates, said: 'We urge both local and federal authorities to conduct a thorough and unbiased investigation into all possible motives for this gruesome crime.'
An online fundraiser for Hassanen's family has already raised more than $155,000.
The incident sent shock waves through Muslim communities, just three weeks after a man who launched an anti-Muslim tirade against two girls on a Portland light rail train fatally stabbed two men who intervened.
In London, a man drove a van into a crowd of people leaving late-night prayers at two mosques on Sunday.
The shows you think had the best year in 2016, at least in terms of ratings? Well, you were right. They did.
Much has been written about “The Walking Dead's” decline in Season 7, and its dropoff after a huge season premiere was real and significant. But it was still far and away the No. 1 show among adults 18-49 in 2016, and among the Top 5 in total viewers.
Broadcast TV shows dominate both the 18-49 and viewer lists below. Cable and streaming shows are dominant in terms of awards and cultural cachet, but the shows people watch the most are overwhelmingly on network TV. (Cable shows fare a little better in the 18-49 rankings, with three of the Top 10 spots; only “The Walking Dead” lands in the Top 20 in viewers.)
“The Big Bang Theory” was the most-watched series of the year at just under 20 million viewers. Other CBS shows (“NCIS,” “Bull” and “NCIS: New Orleans”) make up four of the Top 5.
Here are the 20 highest-rated and most-watched shows (excluding live sports) for the calendar year 2016 — which means parts of two TV seasons for most shows. All the averages below (with a couple of exceptions, noted with asterisks) include live viewing plus seven days of DVR and on-demand playback, and are for original telecasts only.
Adults 18-49
Rank Show Network # of episodes 18-49 rating 18-49 viewers (millions) 1 The Walking Dead AMC 16 8.8 11.27 2 The Big Bang Theory* CBS 24 5.5 6.99 3 Empire FOX 17 5.3 6.79 Game of Thrones HBO 10 5.3 6.73 5 The X-Files FOX 6 4.8 6.09 6 This Is Us NBC 10 4.6 5.86 7 Modern Family ABC 22 4.2 5.33 8 Greys Anatomy ABC 24 3.7 4.68 9 American Horror Story: Roanoke FX 10 3.4 4.37 Designated Survivor ABC 10 3.4 4.27 11 America's Got Talent – Tuesday NBC 14 3.2 4.07 12 Fear the Walking Dead AMC 15 3.1 3.94 The Voice – Monday NBC 26 3.1 3.93 The People v. O.J. Simpson FX 10 3.1 3.93 American Idol – Wednesday FOX 9 3.1 3.87 16 The Voice – Tuesday NBC 22 3.0 3.82 The Bachelor ABC 10 3.0 3.83 Scandal ABC 12 3.0 3.83 NCIS CBS 23 3.0 3.80 20 Criminal Minds CBS 20 2.9 3.68
*The average for “The Big Bang Theory” includes Live +3 ratings for the Dec. 15 episode.
Total viewers
Rank Show Network # of episodes Viewers (millions) 1 The Big Bang Theory* CBS 24 19.94 2 NCIS CBS 23 19.65 3 The Walking Dead AMC 16 17.89 4 Bull CBS 9 16.69 5 NCIS: New Orleans CBS 22 15.17 6 This Is Us NBC 10 14.63 7 Blue Bloods CBS 22 14.43 8 America's Got Talent – Tuesday NBC 14 14.20 9 The X-Files FOX 6 13.60 10 Empire FOX 17 13.48 11 Designated Survivor ABC 10 13.46 America's Got Talent – Wednesday NBC 8 13.46 13 Dancing With the Stars ABC 21 13.07 14 Little Big Shots NBC 8 13.05 15 The Voice – Tuesday NBC 21 12.77 16 NCIS: Los Angeles* CBS 23 12.77 17 The Voice – Monday NBC 25 12.76 18 Criminal Minds CBS 20 12.35 19 Hawaii Five-0* CBS 25 11.97 20 Madam Secretary* CBS 22 11.93
*Averages for “The Big Bang Theory,” “NCIS: Los Angeles,” “Hawaii Five-0” and “Madam Secretary” include Live +3 ratings for episodes that aired the week of Dec. 12.
Source: The Nielsen Company
After watching countless hours of film, going cross-eyed from spreadsheets filled with in-depth player analytics (not really, we actually just sat around drinking beers and crushing candy bars), my Assistant GM, Eric Kleineck and I have assembled our dream team. If chocolate bars were hockey players, this is the team we'd ice.
P.S. This might be the dumbest thing you've ever read...enjoy.
1st Line Left Wing - Lindor Milk Chocolate Bar
This guy never disappoints offensively. He signed a huge ticket 2 summers ago that will make him one of the highest-paid guys in the league. The boys call him "Tickles" because he tickles the back of the net just about every other night. Defensively though, he is a liability. Scores 40, but he's a dash 20. He loiters in the neutral zone like "working girls" on a Vegas casino floor. He's just waiting for a breakout pass on his tape, so he can go from 0 to 60 and release that cannon of a shot he's got. He always thinks he's open. He usually double shifts himself. He's got a backup stick with an illegal curve just in case his team needs his late game heroics. He is a walking one-timer. He's like a character from an early hockey video game that can one time anything, even on his backhand. No defense, but highlight reel offense.
1st Line Center - Toblerone bar
This is the old guy on the team that loves the young guys. He's a savvy vet, but loves to go out with the boys. At home, he's husband of the year and on the road, he's rallying the troops for a trip to the rip joint. Simply for team bonding purposes. It's not confirmed, but the boys are pretty sure he owns a personal seat license in sniffer's row in each road city because he seems to know every bouncer. A kid at heart. He means no harm, but he just loves having fun. He doesn't even know how good he is. He's been with the team for 20 years and will likely play till he's 43. He's outperforming the later years of his front loaded contract and shattering franchise records. Guaranteed first ballot Hall of Famer.
1st Line Right Wing - Milky Way/Mars bar
This guy is a 1st liner who hates hockey. He's a point per game guy, but would rather be anywhere other than the rink. He makes $5 million a year, but he spends 6. He's got neverending girl problems. Every weekend there is a new one in town. A Z-Pak is his multi-vitamin. It's a weekly routine for him to have the team docs check him and make sure he didn't catch any fungus on his DNA rifle. He cruises to the rink in his new Ferrari. He would never consider buying a North American made car and would even be offended if you asked him. He forgets his Rolex on the road and doesn't even bother to call the hotel to get it back. He's the sleaze ball flirting with the team stewardess on team charters. He's a walking foreshadow of an ESPN 30 for 30: Athletes Gone Broke episode.
2nd Line Left Wing - Kinder Bueno
This is your classic top 6 guys. Most games you don't really notice him, but you check the game sheet and he's got 2 points. When he heats up though, he really gets it going. He's very streaky. He and the head coach butt heads a bit. He always leaves you wanting a little more but produces enough to let him be. One thing he does have is unbelievable on ice "gear wear". Perfect shin pad to pant to shoulder pad ratio. Like a young Pavel Bure. He's even wearing the classic Bauer 4000 with a subtle visor tint.
2nd Line Center - Snickers
A heart and soul guy. He plays both ends of the ice. Never takes a shift off. Guys on the other team hate his guts, but he's a guy you want on your team and in your foxhole. In the final minutes of a game, he's the guy you want out there taking the important D-Zone draws. He does it all. Plays the PK and gets some action on the PP. Off the ice, he has the worst sty. His suit pants are so baggy they resemble a pair of JNCO jeans, his shirt looks like his Mom faxed it to him 5 minutes before he left for the rink and his tie is 2 inches too short. It looks like he got dressed in the dark. On practice days he shows up wearing tropical short sleeve button up shirts like he just got back from a photo shoot for Tommy Bahama.
2nd Line Right Wing - Bounty
This guy is an offensive forward who does it his way. He shows up to fitness testing in training camp and his body is an absolute milk bag. Mutant. Pepperoni nipples, cottage cheese ass, and teeth so crooked he could chew corn on the cob through a tennis racket. He looks like he spent the entire summer hibernating in Lazy Boy, dump trucking Doritos down his throat, but when he puts the blades on, he gets it done. Everyone thinks he'll get whacked from the roster for being out of shape, but the first ice session he's flying out there. He's a smart, sneaky player with a deceivingly quick release and rocket wrister. He's a cookie monster on and off the ice. He's always begging the ref for a 2nd assist even though he didn't earn it. Pregame meals he's crushing fast food. Absolute slop tart with no respect for his insides.
3rd Line Left Wing - Kit Kat
A top 5 overall pick, but a career 3rd liner. Your typical overhyped bust. He's on his 3rd team in the last 3 seasons. Absolute suitcase. He puts in just enough work to get by, but not enough to get better. A classic underachiever. When something goes wrong, he's always pointing the finger at someone else. He's gotten plenty of opportunity over his career playing enough minutes to be a game breaker, but he usually underwhelms. His coaches coined him as Mr. Mediocre. Every GM thinks they're going to be the one that maximizes his potential, but he thrives on being average.
3rd Line Center - Mackintosh Toffee
This guy is a glue guy. He does it all. A real jack of all trades. He's 57% in the circle, blocks shots on the PK, chips in a bit offensively and is responsible in his own zone. The equipment managers are always adding more plastic to his equipment. He looks like a knight from the Medieval Times dinner and tournament with all his extra protection to help counterbalance all the pucks he wears. An emotional drinker. God help us if his good old friend Jameson shows up. He'll go from hugging all the boys, to crying in the corner of the bar, to trying to fight a guy for giving him the wrong look. A true "Chris Angel Mindfreak".
3rd Line Right Wing - Twix
This is the fan favorite. A 3rd liner, but he can jump up and down the lineup and play on any line for a few games and survive. Not the greatest hands, but he works his bag off. He'll do anything for his teammates and loves to win. After a missed open net he's slamming doors on the bench or breaking his stick over the bench. He hates losing. One minute he'll be at his captain's house picking up his dog's shit and the next minute he's starting a punch-in-the-face contest with the other team's enforcer because he just ran your top scorer through the boards and into the 3rd row. Whether it's eating punches or getting a timely playoff goal, this guy you want on your team. He sends checks home to his parents because pops got let off at the mill. A family mans.
4th Line Left Wing - Mr. Big
This meat is the team fighter. Just an absolute wagon. Thanks to these fucking analytics guys, he's on his way out. Considering he's healthy most nights, he focuses on his other duties aside from chucking the knucks. Being the Locker Room DJ is a job he takes very seriously. He plays all the old classics. The young rooks want the modern shit, but they're too scared to ask him for it. The coaches are in the next room singing every word enjoying the tunes from their era. They give the old flyby head nod as a stamp of approval on the playlist. Once a game the assistant coach walks in and says, "They don't make ‘em like they used to." This guy loves it. It's almost like he waits his entire day just to hear those words. When his DJ duty is over, he puts on his other helmet as a press box food critic. Eat nuts like an asshole in the 1st, popcorn in the 2nd, and goes for the press box hat trick in the 3rd with 3 dogs before heading back down to the room for a postgame diet-beer or 6. The guy has a giant dome. The boys prank him and swap out his helmet with a 5-gallon Gatorade jug with a skate lace strung from the handles used to resemble a chin strap.
4th Line Center - Almond Joy
This mutt was born in Quebec, but his father's from Czechoslovakia and his mother is from Finland. He speaks broken English at best. The rest of the boys on the team refer to him as the honey badger, because he's an absolute pitbull in the corners. Off the ice, he's the team prankster and still thinks it funny leaving leaners on guys' hotel room doors at the age of 29. On the ice, he is a rat. Complete try hard in pracky and takes selfish minors down a goal in the 3rd.
4th Line Right Wing - Big Turk
This guy doesn't speak a lick of English. He wrecks guys on the ice and the other team tries to pick a fight with him. Even though he hasn't fought much in his career, he just beats the wheels of the other guy. His fashion choices are questionable at best. He still rocks Ed Hardy shirts and True Religion jeans to the rink. The boys don't chirp him though because they are afraid KGB will come after them. Teams drafted him because he is a physical specimen. He didn't pan out offensively, but he hits everything in site. He's always got his Russian buddies in the dressing room after games and they hang out like they own the joint. You never know what they are saying because they are speaking in Russian, but you feel like they are plotting your death. He and his buddies always drink more than their allotment of beers but never put money in the beer pot. He's unintentionally just a piece of shit, but you can't hate the guy.
A RADICAL overhaul of teaching and learning at one of the country's universities will allow students to combine arts and science subjects in the same degree.
A RADICAL overhaul of teaching and learning at one of the country's universities will allow students to combine arts and science subjects in the same degree.
Students of the future at Maynooth University could, for instance, match geography with biology, chemistry with economics or physics with philosophy throughout their undergraduate studies - if that is what they want to do.
Maynooth will be the first university to offer such flexibility, allowing students to customise the degree programme to their own interests and needs.
It is one of a range of curriculum reforms being introduced at Maynooth, including a significant reduction in the number of entry routes, from 50 to about 20, as the college moves to simplify the CAO process.
The cut in entry routes does not mean less choice, but that students would go into a common first year such as engineering or science, and would delay decisions about specialisation.
A trend among third-level colleges in recent years of creating niche courses as a way of attracting students is blamed for driving up points and it is being tackled as part of wider moves to take the heat out of the points race.
The redesigned curriculum at Maynooth will be phased in from this September and will be fully implemented for students starting in 2017.
The changes will also see a radically different approach to first year, with students having the option of taking a module in core skills such as critical thinking and analysis and clear communication and writing.
As well as breaking down the barriers between disciplines, students will also have options such as taking a language as part of any degree, and modules in areas outside their own core subject(s).
Some of these modules are designed as interdisciplinary studies and will include topics such as global environmental change, drawing on a variety of perspectives to examine a particular issues.
There will also be greater emphasis on study abroad, work placement and volunteer opportunities and the use of electronic portfolios to capture students' achievements over the course of their degree.
Maynooth University president, Professor Philip Nolan said it was hard to imagine what the world would be like towards the end of the present century, "but we believe our role as a modern university is to prepare graduates for a future replete with unknown opportunities and challenges".
He said their reforms were designed to empower students to think clearly and critically, to adopt a broad perspective, to adapt to new situations.
Irish Independent
will start transmission of fresh 100 MW electricity from to by January and the government-owned company is working round-the-clock to erect the transmission line by December, an official said.
The decision was taken following a three-day (October 26-28) meet in New Delhi of the Indian and officials, State Electricity Corporation Limiited (TSECL) Deputy General Managar Mahananda Debbarma told IANS.
"The Indian government-owned Power Grid Corporation of (PGCIL) working round-the-clock to erect the 47 km transmission line from western to southern Comilla (in eastern Bangladesh) by December this year.
"The PGCIL initially would invest Rs.250 crore to set up the 400 kv (kilovolt) double circuit transmission line and subsequently the government would reimburse the cost," the official added.
Debbarma, who attended the meet, said though power tariff was not yet decided but was discussed. However, it would be decided soon.
India's power ministry's director (Transmission) Ghanshyam Prasad led the Indian delegation while senior officials of Bangladesh power ministry and Power Grid Company of Bangladesh (PGCB) were present in the meeting.
"Of the 47 km transmission line, 18 km line would be raised in the Indian (Tripura) territory and remaining in the Bangladesh portion. Altogether 143 transmission towers (67 in and 76 in Bangladesh) would be set up," the official added.
Electricity-starved Bangladesh will begin receiving 100 MW of power from Tripura to meet the energy crisis in the eastern part of the country.
The 100 MW power will be in addition to the 500 MW Bangladesh already receives from the West Bengal and a like amount that is on the cards from the state, as the two neighbours enter a new phase of bilateral cooperation for regional benefit.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi discussed the power supply from Tripura with his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina during Dhaka-visit last June.
He had declared that India would enhance the supply of power to Bangladesh from the existing 500 MW to 1,100 MW.
Tripura Power Minister Manik Dey after holding meetings with PGCIL engineers and officials told IANS: "I have asked the PGCIL authorities to expedite the works to fulfil our commitment given to Bangladesh about supplying 100 MW of power."
"While erecting new power transmission lines from (western Tripura's) Surjyamaninagar power grid to Comilla power grid (in eastern Bangladesh) to supply the electricity, human habitations, forests and other vital installations would be avoided," Dey added.
M.K.Chowdhury, the TSECL's director (Technical), said the Indian government has submitted a proposal to send power from the northeast region to others parts of India via Bangladesh. "No formal decision has been taken so far in this regard," he added.
Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar had earlier said that after completion of a new 101 MW gas-based power projects at Monarchak (10 km from the Bangladesh border) in western Tripura, at least 200 MW of power would be surplus in Tripura.
The central government-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation has commissioned its biggest ever 726 MW commercial power project at Palatana, 60 km from Agartala, while the state-run North East Electric Power Corporation is setting up a 101 MW project at Monarchak in western Tripura, 70 km from Agartala.
The gas based Palatana project, which supplies power in seven of the eight northeastern states, is a hallmark of the cooperation between India and Bangladesh, which ensured the smooth passage of heavy project equipment and turbines to Palatana through its territory by road and waterways from Haldia port in West Bengal.
India had begun supplying 500 MW of power to Bangladesh in 2013 after the government-run Bangladesh Power Development Board and India's NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Ltd (NVVN), a subsidiary of NTPC, signed a deal Feb 28, 2012, following an agreement signed during Hasina's visit to New Delhi in January 2010.
(Sujit Chakraborty can be contacted at sujit.c@ians.in)
I have an apology to make. Some years ago, when I was a student, I worked as a mentor and teacher for the Aimhigher programme, which was designed to encourage gifted pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds to apply to university. In return for room, board and sandwich money I spent my days giving lectures about exciting books, and my nights trying to find where my eager pupils had stashed their vodka.
The most important part of the job was persuading them that higher education was worth it. It was talking them through their worries about debt, and telling them that it would be OK. It was telling them to go ahead and study what they loved, because university was a route to employment, and they could get a great education without having to worry that they'd end up poor and sick because of it.
I want to apologise to those young people, because I lied to them. I didn't mean to lie. At the time I entirely believed what I was telling them: that taking on education debt would always be worth their while; that they should go to university for the love of learning, because they were talented and brilliant and longed to study – and not just with one eye on the well-paid jobs that they would surely get after graduating. Wherever they are, I'd like to say sorry for trying to persuade those kids that higher education was meant to be about reading lots, meeting new people, and getting excited about ideas.
Because it turned out that it's actually just about making yourself more "employable". It's about fashioning yourself into a walking CV to compete for a stagnant pool of graduate jobs that are paid less in real terms every year, and taking on a rotten amount of debt in the process.
This week news quietly broke that the extra money a degree is supposed to earn you over the course of a lifetime – the "graduate premium" – is going down year on year, even as tuition fees are going up. Today's students are paying nine times what I paid in 2007 and, according to one government adviser, up to 40% of the class of 2012 may default on their student loans.
The Department for Business, Innovation and Skills – named in honour of this government's order of priorities – is keen for us all to remember that graduates can still expect to earn an extra £100,000 in a lifetime. However, if you want to play the game of obfuscatory averages, that figure must be balanced against the average debt of £44,000 that students are taking on. Over a working life of 45 years (assuming they can afford to retire) that would leave students with net earnings of just £1,244 a year. That's if they can actually find a job that pays enough to live in the town or city where the job is located. These are the sort of mercenary calculations to which the value of learning has been reduced.
The graduate premium was always a silly idea. GCSE maths is a requirement for most college courses, and anyone smart enough to pass it can work out that just because a higher degree was a ticket to a great job in 1967, when the economy was booming, doesn't mean that in 2014 – when university attendance has increased tenfold and youth unemployment stands at 22% – it will lead to a good job, or any job. And yet ministers still insist that students should shoulder lifelong debts to receive the same education they themselves enjoyed for free.
The government speaks the language of aspiration, but what it is really counting on is desperation. The gamble taken in 2010, when the Liberal Democrats went back on their promise not to raise tuition fees, depended on those fees replacing the enormous cut to the block grant to universities that happened at the same time. Students are now taking on debts to fund this government's cuts to services that were state-funded for generations for the public good.
Official estimates suggest the number of student loans that will ever be repaid has been dramatically revised down – meaning universities are facing what the same government adviser called a "fiscal time bomb". So ministers know full well that today's students have less chance of earning even enough to repay their debts – but if they stop taking on those debts, the bottom will drop out of the British university system.
For generations social mobility and higher education were synonymous in Britain, and much of Europe; but those certainties have been shattered in less than five years. If I could go back in time and speak to the pupils I mentored in 2006, I'd still tell them to go out and get the best education they can – not because it'll get them a good job, but because reading, learning and expanding your horizons is necessary if you're going to understand what's being done to the world around you, and change your collective circumstances. Unfortunately, Aimhigher was closed three years ago to cut costs. So much for aspiration.
Amara McLaughlin, CP24.com
While thousands have flocked to the Redpath Waterfront Festival over Canada Day weekend to catch a glimpse of attractions like the giant rubber duck making a splash at Toronto's harbourfront, many visitors and locals say trash has overshadowed the festival's success.
“It's very unusual for Toronto,” one tourist said in an interview with CTV News Toronto. “I'm used to it being very clean and I'm thinking this is horrible.”
The summer's annual Redpath Waterfront Festival running from Saturday until Monday includes an artisan market and the giant inflatable duck at HTO Park.
Over the weekend, festival organizers say they even called in extra staff to clean the area at HTO Park, but could not keep up with garbage piling in cans or strewn on the ground.
“We probably surpassed our total audience of the last number of years for three days in one day,” Redpath Waterfront Festival co-producer Lea Parrell said.
With Toronto Islands being shuttered until at least July 31 due to flooding, the crowds were larger than expected.
The giant inflatable yellow duck towed into Toronto's harbourfront on Friday is part of Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations.
The six-storey tall tourist attraction, weighing 13,600-kilograms, with a $200,000 price tag, also drew swaths of people looking to snap a shot beside it, along with unmanageable amounts of waste.
Clean up responsibilities outside the park are shared between the city and the Harbourfront Centre, located nearby, according to authorities.
Waterfront Business Improvement Area spokesperson Kevin Curry says he's never seen this amount of people in the 25 years the annual summer festival has been running.
He added that trash is piling up faster than it can be collected.
“When I came in this morning I arrived, I open my store and 10 o'clock, those bins were actually empty,” Curry told CTV News Toronto.
But these excuses do not make up for the lack of litter control, visitors and residents say.
“This is inexcusable, unacceptable,” one local said.
Clean up of Lake Ontario's shoreline is expected to begin Monday as the giant duck is packed up to head to Owen Sound, Ont.
Claude Puel's men reached the final thanks to a thrilling 2-0 aggregate win against Liverpool in the semi-finals, to set up a clash with United at Wembley, which takes place on Sunday 26th February, kick-off 4.30pm GMT.
Confirmation that Southampton would be the away team for the final meant that José Mourinho's side would wear their red home kit, with Saints needing an alternative to their usual red and white stripes.
Ordinarily that would see Saints turn out in their away kit of black and grey, however, the first-team squad asked the club if they could wear their change strip of white shirts, red shorts and white socks, to be as close as possible to the club's traditional colours when they step out onto the pitch.
Although the white shirt is unavailable for purchase, the club hopes that this decision will enable fans to turn Wembley into a sea of red and white for Saints' first League Cup final since 1979.
In order to help facilitate this all replica shirts will be reduced to £30 for adults and £20 for children* with immediate effect. Visit store.saintsfc.co.uk to purchase yours.
*Subject to availability, while stocks last, no further discounts apply.
When you have an idea for a webservice it's easy to get lost into coding a lot of neat little features. But do you need all of them straight away? More often than not these features will cost you a lot of time to develop, while they might not even be the features your customer want.
Wikipedia says:
A Minimum Viable Product (MVP) is a product with just enough features to satisfy early customers, and to provide feedback for future product development.
But how do you decide which features make it into your Minimal Viable Product? As I'm (re-)launching a webservice at the moment I figured it would be good to use it as an example.
A little backstory.
For illustration purposes, I'll be using one of my own webservices and use it to go through the process of defining the MVP for it. I recently launched Wulfdeck.com, a service that cralws your website and finds all pages. It then takes them through the Google Pagespeed API and finds the pagespeed for each page. Once scanned you can see what needs to be improved to increase the score. As a bonus, it will tell you exactly how much your score will improve per individual improvement, so you don't waste time fixing things that are not be worth the time/tech investment.
At the moment it uses a Freemium model and a monthly Pro subscription. I've decided that marketing this SaaS will take too much of my time, let alone maintaining it for paying customers (which it doesn't have yet). So, I will be dropping the account system altogether and .. make the service free for everyone! In addition, it allows me to use it as a real life use case on this blog to illustrate various topics.
A win-win situation 🦄
Different types of MVP's
The internet will argue there are different kinds of MVP's. The most barebones variation is one where you have a landingpage and ‘pretend' to have a product and then ask people to sign up by email to be informed once it launches. This way you can quickly validate whether it's even worth the actual work of building your SaaS before you write a single line of code for it.
Another version is where you already validated the idea, by talking to people, and want to get your functional product out there. This is the variation we will be discussing here.
Setting a goal
Every product should have a goal. What problem is your SaaS trying to solve? Ideally this is one line clearly stating what your webservice is all about. For our example, Wulfdeck, this could be the following:
Goal: Give user insight in the Pagespeed of all their pages, by entering their domain.
This goal leaves a lot of things unclear. How about things like:
Do users need to have an account?
Is the service free to use?
Do I get the results instantly or do I need to wait?
Do I get just a score, or information what to fix?
The first two are not all that important. They could change and are not directly related to the problem we're solving, so we don't need to mention this in our goal.
The last two are trickier. Instant results sounds directly related, but is it part of the problem we're solving? Maybe not. It could very be the user doesn't mind waiting for the results. Getting more information besides the score is actually quite important, otherwise we're just making the problem visible, not solvable, so let's add it to the goal:
Goal: Give users instructions on how to increase the overall pagespeed of their site by scanning all pages in the domain they enter.
That sounds better! We're stating what we offer, why we do it, and how we do it.
Define the User Journey
As a user goes through the app there are a few steps he/she will follow to get to the result. This is the User Journey and should be clear from the beginning. If you have too many different ways a user can use the app it will be difficult to build all flows correctly, and what's worse, it will most likely confuse the user.
What would a user journey for Wulfdeck look like.
Enter the domain See list of pages we find See instructions on how to increase the pagespeed score for that page
This may sound over-simplified. And it should be. If your user has to go through a lot of steps it's only logical there are more points in the flow the user will stop and not get to the result.
In our case we have actively chosen not to have a user registration system. If we did, however, should it be part of the user flow? It could be, but since the user will probably be logged in in order to use the actual product I personally don't think it should be part of the User Journey. If you think about a flow where the user can use the product, and afterwards can fill out their details to create an account, then you could say it is part of the user journey. Still, it sounds more like a feature than a step within our Goal.
So to summarize: we define all the steps the user will take to get to the desired ‘result' and write them down. This will be your User Journey, and the base for the next step.
Features per page
If we think of the steps in our User Journey as pages in our webservice, we can then think of features (or pieces of functionality) each page could have. Let's see what we can come up with.
Enter the domain
Should be able to add domain with or without http(s):// and or www
Form should have validation
See list of pages
Page should show the Google pagespeed score for mobile
Page should show the Google pagespeed score for desktop
Page should show the url and title
Pages that are 404 should be marked as such
Pages should be updated in real time as they are crawled
Scores should be updated in realtime
Page should show a screenshot
Should be able to re-check a page for fresh Pagescore
See instructions on how to increase the pagespeed score per page
Should see a list of things that should be fixed
Should see how many points we gain for fixing an issue
Should be able to re-check a page for fresh Pagescore
Should see a screenshot
Show a visual HAR graph of page loading time
Offer download of optimized assets
At this point we have a bunch of features, and have to start prioritizing. Basically, for every feature, no matter how cool it sounds, we have to ask ourselves these four questions:
1: Is this feature directly related to solving the original Goal? For the MVP we should really focus on features that solve the original problem. We can always add more features later.
2: How many users will use this feature If a feature is only useful or interestig to a very specific user or usecase its overall usefulness is very low and we probably should not be building it at this stage.
3: How much work is building this feature If a feature is a lot of work you have to consider if it's worth building it straight away. Maybe there's an easier way which isn't ideal, but increases your ‘product to market' significantly. You can always add the ideal feature later.
4: Does it add enough value to the User Experience Some features don't really relate to solving a problem but might be worth building after all. For instance, in our case we know the user will have to wait for both the crawling of the site and the pagespeed checks. Implementing ‘real time updates' might be a good feature for the MVP in this case. But always consider question 3.
This doesn't mean you should throw all other features out of the window though! You should put them on your Roadmap so you can come back to them later. The focus for now is finding those features that are essential to our goal so we can launch.
If we look at our list above, the most ‘feature fluff' is in the last step. Which makes sense, as that's where we display the end result of our page score results. The list of things we can offer the user there is potentially huge, so we have to make sure for our MVP we focus on what's most important for now.
I think the final MVP list for Wulfdeck features could look like this:
Enter the domain
Form should have validation
See list of pages
Page should show the Google pagespeed score for mobile and desktop
Page should show the url and title
Scores should be updated in realtime
See instructions on how to increase the pagespeed score per page
Should see a list of things that should be fixed
Should see how many points we gain for fixing an issue
It definately feels weird to cut out all the extra features, and you might feel the app is not complete without them. However, don't forget we're building a Minimal Viable Product. We're focussing on getting something out there so real world users can play with the core and essentials. The sooner we can learn from our application out in the wild the better. Often you will find the features you added to the roadmap are not even the features your users are asking for. Good thing you didn't invest your time in building things people don't want! 😉
Feature creep
Having defined the MVP the most important next step is; AVOID FEATURE CREEP. As you're building your MVP it is not uncommon you think of a new exciting feature for your application. This is a good thing, but also very dangerous. If you didn't think of it while defining the above list, it's most likely not that important, and can safely be added to the Roadmap.
The Obama administration has been carrying out an unprecedented crackdown on whistleblowers, particularly on those who have divulged information that relates to national security. The Espionage Act , enacted during the World War I to punish Americans who aided the enemy, had only been used three times in its history to try government officials accused of leaking classified information — until the Obama administration. Since 2009, the administration has used the act to prosecute eight government officials. Meet the whistleblowers.
First up: Thomas Drake »
John Light is a reporter and producer for the Moyers team. His work has appeared at The Atlantic, Grist, Mother Jones, Salon, Slate, Vox and Al Jazeera, and has been broadcast on Public Radio International. He's a graduate of Columbia Graduate School of Journalism. You can follow him on Twitter at is a reporter and producer for the Moyers team. His work has appeared at The Atlantic, Grist, Mother Jones, Salon, Slate, Vox and Al Jazeera, and has been broadcast on Public Radio International. He's a graduate of Columbia Graduate School of Journalism. You can follow him on Twitter at @LightTweeting
QUINN NGAWATI
RUGBY
SCHOOL: St. Michaels University School (Victoria)
FRESHMAN'S FUTURE: Toronto WolfPack (professional)
Ask the experts to describe Quinn Ngawati's game on the rugby pitch and they all seem to boil it down to one word: expansive.
Fittingly, that's also the way to describe the past, present and future of the 6-foot-4, 200-pound phenom with the St. Michaels University School Blue Jags whose rugby ties are already solidly entrenched around the world.
From his home base in Victoria to his family roots in New Zealand and an impending professional career awaiting in England, the multi-skilled Ngawati has gleaned as firm a grasp of the global game as is possible for a 17-year-old.
And having already played on three continents and two hemispheres, maybe it's fitting that he already knows what he would like to do when his playing career is someday over: Become a commercial pilot.
“If that was ever possible, I'd be excited for that,” Ngawati says when he's jokingly asked about someday flying his own plane to play in a match. “I've always had a passion for flying and my mom and my family have always told me I need some kind of backup plan.”
Taipei, June 18 (CNA) Panama's former ambassador to the Republic of China (Taiwan), Alfredo Martiz Fuentes, has expressed regret at not raising his voice more when Panama severed ties with Taiwan and voiced his affection for Taiwan's people.
Panama announced its decision to switch diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing on June 13 Taipei time.
While Taiwan received little warning of the move, there were signs that Panama was considering a shift, including when it did not send a new ambassador to Taiwan after Martiz left on April 30 to take over as his country's head of social security.
In a letter linked on his Twitter feed early Sunday, Martiz said he was at fault for not raising his voice when learning of the severance of diplomatic ties between the two countries.
"Owing to the diplomatic circumstances between my country and the Republic of China (Taiwan), I have to acknowledge a sole fault: not having raised my voice when I realized the breaking of diplomatic relations between both countries due to the impact of the news and the pain it causes me to leave such fond and happy memories," he wrote.
But he refused to pass judgment on his country's decision because "it is not my duty to do so," even if noting that the "human effort that enriched my diplomatic undertaking" has become "permanently clouded by the shadow" of Panama's decision.
Martiz, who served as ambassador to Taiwan for two and a half years, also directly addressed the people and government of Taiwan.
"To the People of Taiwan, my deep appreciation and permanent affection. To its Government, my commitment remains as strong as ever, I shall become a bridge and a means as interlocutor," Martiz wrote.
Panama's decision has left Taiwan with 20 diplomatic allies, with more than half of them in Central and South America and the Caribbean.
(By Ku Chuan and Evelyn Kao)
Enditem/ls
CHICAGO -- Jimmy Butler remains confident that he can help propel the Bulls past the Boston Celtics in their Eastern Conference quarterfinals series, even after a disappointing Game 3 loss on Friday night in which Butler scored just 14 points, going 7-for-21 from the field, and failed to go to the free throw line for just the fourth time in a game this season.
"You ain't going to play great every night," Butler said before Saturday's practice. "I don't feel like I changed the game defensively either. I don't think I did too much of anything. It's all right. We go out and play the way we're supposed to, I play the way I'm supposed to, along with everybody else. And then [the feeling is] back to the Bulls have a chance. So go out and do that, control that."
Jimmy Butler, right, expects that he and his teammates will come out with a much better effort than they did on Friday night. Brian Babineau/NBAE via Getty Images
The Bulls still have a 2-1 series lead heading into Game 4 on Sunday night at the United Center, but the dynamic of the series shifted after the organization revealed before Game 3 that veteran point guard Rajon Rondo would be out indefinitely because of a fractured right thumb. The Celtics took advantage of the Bulls' misfortune and were able to slow down Butler, allowing him to settle for a lot of jump shots. Celtics guard Avery Bradley did a solid job defensively on the All-Star swingman, setting a more physical tone than in the first two games of the series. For his part, Butler says he enjoys the feistiness that both teams have started to show as the series goes along.
"I like that type of stuff," Butler said. "And we all know that. I like confrontations, stuff like that. It makes me smile. It gets me going, and everybody else. So I'm excited for what's coming forward, what's next. We got another one on Sunday. I woke up smiling this morning. I don't like to lose, but I'm fortunate enough to wake up and still be able to play this game."
Rondo set social media abuzz in the first half after appearing to try to trip Celtics forward Jae Crowder after Crowder hit a shot and fell deeper into the Bulls' bench than usual. Rondo brushed off the notion that he was trying to trip Crowder, explaining after the game that he was just trying to stretch his legs after ACL surgery a few years ago. Butler is hopeful that he and his teammates can still use the mental edge Rondo brings to the game, even though the point guard is stuck sitting on the bench in a cast.
"He's been through this before countless amounts of times," Butler said of Rondo. "He's won. So he knows what he's doing. I just think overall we got to take his edge, especially mentally. Older guys, younger guys, everybody. We got to think the game like he thinks it. Study it the way he studies it. Take note and take after him, because he does everything the right way."
In order to grab a commanding lead in this series, Butler understands he may have to initiate more of the offense with Rondo out. Jerian Grant and Michael Carter-Williams were both ineffective in Game 3, combining to go just 3-for-10 from the field and racking up seven turnovers. Grant admitted being disappointed in his performance but believes he will remain in the starting lineup on Sunday. Hoiberg was noncommittal when he was asked whether there would be a lineup shuffle.
No matter what happens, Butler expects he and his teammates will come out with a much better effort than they did on Friday night.
"I don't care how many games [it takes]," Butler said. "We just got to get to four. We don't care who counts us out. We really don't care who wants us to win. We're worried about the people that we got in here, because we're the ones that have to do it every day."
Color us disappointed. The recent report from Reuters that said Microsoft is interested in bringing some of its PC and Xbox games to mobile platforms was apparently a case of getting lost in translation.
On Monday, a report from Reuters quoting the Japanese Nikkei agency sent waves of excitement throughout the tech world, especially because the beloved Age of Empires strategy franchise was singled out as coming to Android and iOS devices by the end of the year.
As it turns out, an Age of Empires game is indeed coming to mobile devices, but don't expect it to look anything like the seminal strategy title. Instead, the Japanese company KLab licensed the name of the franchise from Microsoft and will publish a game based on it in the near future. Licensing old intellectual property to third party developers is common to practice these days, and Microsoft is probably doing just that.
Somewhere between Nikkei and Reuters, the bit about other PC and Xbox titles heading to mobile platforms was added, and the story ballooned soon after that.
Does that mean that we won't ever see a game published by Microsoft on mobile devices? We can't rule out the possibility, with phones and tablets becoming ever more powerful and new technologies like game streaming promising to change how we play video games. It just won't happen this year.
EXCLUSIVE: It's a book that has inspired other iconic works. Many lines in the Rolling Stones' song Sympathy for the Devil are from its pages. Comparisons have been made between it and Salmon Rushdie's The Satanic Verses, even by Rushdie himself. It's been tapped for material by artist H.R. Giger, the band Pearl Jam, in movies such as My Dinner with Andre, and even in Star Trek. And now, this book about the devil visiting 1930s Moscow right after Christ's crucifixion — considered to be one of the best novels of the 20th Century — has been optioned to be developed into a feature film.
Written between 1928 and 1940 by Soviet author Mikhail Bulgakov but not published until 1967, The Master and Margarita has been optioned by the producer of the Russian Academy Award-winning biopic Legend No. 17, Svetlana Migunova-Dali, and Grace Loh, former president of New Crime Prods.
The book was written during the darkest period of Joseph Stalin's regime, but was not published until a censored edition started leaking to the West in the 1960s and then it became heralded. Stalin thought the book would cause too much trouble in the country so it was banned from publication.
Some of the lines from the book have become well-known aphorisms: “A fact is the most stubborn thing in the world,” “cowardice is the most terrible of vices,” “there is no greater misfortune in the world than the loss of reason,” “no one's fate is of any interest to you except your own,” and “manuscripts don't burn,” to name only a few that spill from its 380+ pages.
The novel opens with the devil's arrival in Moscow disguised as a professor and then, along with his black cat, wreaks havoc on the societal elite. Meanwhile, the Master (an author of an unpublished novel about Jesus and Pontius Pilate who has been hounded by Soviet censors) languishes in despair in a psychiatric hospital, unable to share his story. His lover, Margarita, agrees to sell her soul to the devil in an effort to rescue the Master from his fate. The book weaves stories together from old Jerusalem and the crucifixion of Jesus on Bald Mountain with current day Moscow with the love between the the Master and Margarita being the thread that passes through time and space.
